We 've been following the Old Forester Birthday Bourbon for many years , from the blockbuster release in 2010 , the sweet and elegant 2008 release , and last year 's oak monster ( 2011 Old Forester Birthday Bourbon ) . One of the things we love about Old Forester 's Birthday Bourbon line is that each year is a distinct release . These releases exemplify the differences between batches of whisky as well as how and where they were aged .
The Old Forester Birthday Bourbon series is often released between 11 and 14 years , and proofed between 94 and 98 proof . This year , the 2012 Birthday Bourbon comes out at 12 years old and is bottled at 97 proof ( 48.8 % ABV ) . While the Old Forester Birthday Bourbon is n't a single barrel product , this year 's release comes from 82 barrels that were all produced on a single day with a mashbill that had an additional 2 % malt , versus Old Forester 's standard mashbill .
The location of a bourbon barrel can dictate as much character as the number of years it ages there . This year 's bourbon comes from the 4th floor of Old Forester 's aging warehouses ( I & H ) . The higher up in a rackhouse , the quicker a bourbon will mature , and the more oak will begin to take over after 8-9 years . Some of the oldest releases that come from places like Heaven Hill come from the lower floors where the relatively cooler temperature and greater airflow keep maturation on a slow and steady pace . Still , aging bourbon longer than 12 years is a difficult task , as between 9-12 years ( depending on where it was aged ) the oak characteristics of the barrel begin to take over and dominate the whisky .
Old Forester 2012 Birthday Bourbon ( 48.5 % / 97 proof , $ 49.99 ) is dark gold in color , a lot lighter than some of the other 12 year old whiskies we 've seen . Cinnamon and oak spice dominate the nose with an undercurrent of vanilla and marzipan . It 's a very nice nose , oaky but not nearly as oak dominant as the 2011 release . The entry is soft and slightly vanilla sweet for a moment and then the oak spice begins to quickly ramp up . Unlike the 2011 , the oak does n't completely take over ; instead , it 's accompanied by the vanilla from the entry along with a nice malt note , caramel , cinnamon , ginger , and maple nut . The combination of the wood spice and the malt note is superb and shows just how much impact even a slight adjustment to the malt in the mashbill can make . The spice comes to a peak at the end of the midpalate and then transitions into a nutty , malty caramel finish supported on a bed of oak . The integration is much better with this year 's release , and the oak , which tempts at overpowering , is nicely tamed and balanced out with some of the other flavors in this bourbon .
Make no mistake , Old Forester 2012 Birthday Bourbon drinks like an older bourbon . Oak is a star player , but it 's more than a one trick pony . The mouthfeel on this bourbon is exquisite and the flavor combination , with the solid presence of the malt , is delicious . We also ca n't help but be impressed by the price . In an era of $ 99 and up limited edition releases of bourbon , we appreciate a limited offering under the $ 50 mark . Old Forester continuously puts out solid limited edition bourbon releases that are perfect for gift giving and this year is no exception . While it 's hard for any of the Birthday Bourbon releases to match the monster that 2011 was , the 2012 delivers nicely and is a solid step up from the 2011 release .
Boston Bruins fans have plenty to be happy about with their team off to a good start , and they can be proud of themselves now , too .
Forbes ranked the NHL 's best fans for the second straight year , and B 's fans cracked the top five with a third-place finish . The Black and Gold were bested by Pittsburgh Penguins fans , who 've taken the top spot in each of the three years Forbes has done the list , and the defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks .
The results were based on hometown crowd reach , television ratings , arena attendance , merchandise sales and social media reach . The Bruins had the most expensive cost per fan at $ 444.13 for four average-priced tickets , concessions , merchandise , parking and a program , but fans still filled TD Garden to capacity . TV ratings on NESN also were the third-best in the league .
The Bruins beat their rival Montreal Canadiens by one spot , so Boston fans can take pride in that , too .
It should come as no surprise the list was comprised mostly of teams out of Canada , where hockey is the national sport . The Habs ( No . 4 ) , Toronto Maple Leafs ( No . 5 ) , Vancouver Canucks ( No . 6 ) , Edmonton Oilers ( No . 9 ) and Calagary Flames ( No . 10 ) all clinched spots on the list along with the Detroit Red Wings ( No . 7 ) and Buffalo Sabres ( No . 8 ) .
Thumbnail photo via Greg M. Cooper/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via Boston Bruins fans before game two against the Detroit Red Wings of the first round of the 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs at TD Garden .
UCLA 's Eric Kendricks has won the Butkus Award as the top linebacker in the nation , it was announced Tuesday .
Kendricks was presented the award by former NFL linebacker Dick Butkus and his son Matt in front of the team on Tuesday . The senior linebacker had 139 tackles , three interceptions and two sacks this season for the Bruins . He is the first Bruin to win the award .
The selection committee said it chose Kendricks because of his versatility and leadership on the field .
• Three Heisman finalists : Mariota , Gordon , Cooper
`` This year 's class of linebackers featured as many deserving candidates as ever before , perhaps lacking a truly distinguished standout , as evidenced by a race that was as close as any the past decade and included a record eight different write-in recipients . We commend Kendricks for his diagnostic skill , cover instincts , sideline-to-sideline pursuit and on-field leadership . The two-time captain will finish his career as the Bruins ' all-time tackling leader . `` He has been overlooked much of his career despite being an extremely productive tackling machine and opportunistic playmaker against the run and pass . His exceptional instincts , motor , toughness and football intelligence distinguished his play . His integrity , selflessness and leadership embody what the Butkus Award represents . ''
Kendricks beat out University of Miami senior Denzel Perryman , Notre Dame sophomore Jaylon Smith and University of Washington senior Haou'oi Kikaha for the honor .
• STAPLES : How the absence of a true champ cost the Big 12
Alabama linebacker C.J . Mosley won the award last year and was a first-round draft choice by the Baltimore Ravens .
Kendricks and the Bruins had their five-game winning streak snapped in their regular season finale against Stanford . They will play Kansas State in the Alamo Bowl on Jan. 2 .
- Paul Palladino
A bill to allow gay-straight alliances in schools , introduced Thursday in the Alberta legislature , will be the litmus test for Premier Jim Prentice 's Tories on tolerance , says Liberal Leader Raj Sherman .
`` It will test their progressiveness and test to see if they will do the right thing , '' Sherman told reporters .
`` Stand up for teachers and stand up for our children , especially those children from the LGBTQ community . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Liberal Laurie Blakeman introduced Bill 202 , the Safe and Inclusive School Act , mandating schools to allow students , if they wish , to create gay-straight alliances to combat bullying .
Blakeman told the legislature the bill is about protecting students who feel bullied and , in extreme cases , try to take their own lives .
`` As we well know , bullying can have terrible effects . And the proof is ( that ) the highest suicide rate is sexual minority youth , '' said Blakeman .
Gay-straight alliances are student-led peer support networks in schools that make students of different sexual orientations feel welcome and give them support from being alienated and bullied .
`` Gay-straight peer support groups have been proven to reduce suicide in our gay youth , '' said Blakeman .
Blakeman 's bill is not sponsored by the government . It is a private member 's bill . Such bills traditionally do not pass .
However , Blakeman 's bill is expected to reopen a polarizing debate on how Alberta 's political parties view gay youth and , more broadly , homosexuality .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In the spring , Liberal Kent Hehr introduced a non-binding motion for schools to allow gay-straight alliances . It sparked heated debate that broke down along ideological lines . The centre-left Liberals and the NDP supported it .
Some members of the centre-right PCs and Wildrose said they feared the motion would infringe on the authority of schools , which already are mandated to provide safe , caring environments for students .
The motion failed when 22 PCs and nine Wildrosers joined to defeat it . Its demise re-raised questions on whether the Tories and Wildrose are socially progressive , socially conservative , or socially regressive .
Both parties have traditionally struggled with the perception of being anti-gay .
In 2010 , the Tories amended section 11.1 of the Alberta Human Rights Act to allow parents to pull children out of class when religion , sexuality , or sexual orientation is taught . Critics say that provision unfairly limits teachers and stigmatizes sexual orientation .
Blakeman 's bill seeks to remove that section .
Story continues below advertisement
Wildrose Leader Danielle Smith was not in the house for the spring vote , but said at the time she shared concerns about how the alliances would infringe on school autonomy .
This week , Smith said that while she wants to study the bill further , she is leaning towards supporting it .
Smith said the personal stories she has since heard from schoolchildren had an effect .
`` Puberty is an awful time for kids generally speaking . It 's an extra layer of complexity when a child is struggling with coming to terms with their sexual orientation , '' said Smith .
`` Some of the stats that I 've seen are pretty clear about attempted suicides , suicides , ( and ) homelessness as a result of kids being kicked out of their homes .
`` These kids need a safe place . ''
Story continues below advertisement
The Wildrose lost the election in 2012 in part over criticism after Smith refused to take action on a candidate who had once warned gays to repent or spend eternity in hell 's `` lake of fire . ''
This past weekend , the party voted not to adopt as policy a statement it had already passed spelling out that it believed in the equality of gays , among other groups . A Wildrose riding official subsequently quit , saying the party is controlled by a bigoted minority .
Premier Jim Prentice , during his summer leadership campaign , said he is not in favour of removing section 11.1 , saying the government needs to respect the rights of parents .
Asked earlier Thursday if he still stands by that , Prentice would only say he wants to study the bill before commenting further .
He did reiterate that as a Conservative MP he voted for same-sex marriage in 2005 .
`` My credentials are pretty clear in terms of a Canadian who stood up for the rights of gay and lesbian people in this province going back to the gay marriage debate in 2005 , '' he said .
Story continues below advertisement
NDP Leader Rachel Notley , whose caucus also plans to support the bill , said it 's time for Prentice to put his resume away and step up .
`` His vote was 10 years ago , and it was on a completely different issue , '' she said .
`` Gay-straight alliances are a critical tool in ensuring the safety of a particularly targeted group — sexual minorities .
`` His failure to stand up for it is a failure in leadership . ''
Chapter 332 : A Kitsune has Seven Forms , and a Tanuki , Eight
( TL : This is a Japanese saying that just says the Tanuki is more skilled in deception , but has less malicious intent )
“ Hmm… now my anger is a little… no , it has n't cleared at all. ” ( Naofumi )
I kick the fallen Tact as I spit out these words .
“ Exactly . I think we should just kill him already. ” ( Fohl )
“ Do n't be that way . This man needs to face greater despair . For the crime of killing Atlas , the Queen , and my villagers , this is n't nearly enough. ” ( Naofumi )
“ … Understood , Aniki . ”
Now then , I look around .
I wonder how Raphtalia and the others are faring .
First , Raphtalia is… before I can turn my eyes to her , lightning surges , and I turn my attention to that .
“ Oy , wait . This onee-san is n't satisfied at all , yet… ” ( Sadina )
Sadina is lifting up her enemy , who now looks like nothing but a grilled piece of fish , while she continues to discharge electricity .
When I remember what I did to Tact , I do n't think I 'm in a place to say this , but I think she 's going a bit too far .
So Sadina was someone this vicious… No , perhaps she channeled my rage .
Her opponent is… dead already , right ?
Death by electrocution does n't sound too nice .
“ Naofumi-chan , this onee-san has n't rampaged enough yet. ” ( Sadina )
“ You 've done enough. ” ( Naofumi )
“ When I 'm in this form , it makes me feel mildly drunk . It 's not a bad feeling~ ” ( Sadina )
“ Just turn back already. ” ( Naofumi )
“ Ara , he got mad at me. ” ( Sadina )
Sadina follows my orders and turns back to her Orca form .
Now then , to lecture her… no , I 'll leave that for another time .
“ And wait , you still have n't recovered ? ” ( Naofumi )
“ Oh my , Naofumi-chan saw the colors he dyed me. ” ( Sadina )
( TL : as in her brown form )
She makes an annoying embarrassed pose as she messes around , but her actions are no joke .
“ She went and mistook me for a Luka , and I was still quite pissed off because of Atlas-chan and Naofumi-chan . That was quite refreshing. ” ( Sadina )
She says , as she points her harpoon at Tact and starts releasing electricity at him .
Her tone heavily implies that her stress is still built up . She 's definitely angry .
She 's the type that acts flippant when she 's really angry , I guess .
I mean… She is the oldest one in the village , and the one 's who 's like everyone 's older sister .
There 's no way she is n't mad about Atlas .
“ So after Fohl is Sadina , and… ” ( Naofumi )
Sadina points her harpoon at the remaining women , who were moving to do something .
“ If you move around , you may become like this child , so stay still. ” ( Sadina )
“ Hii ! ” ( Women ) ( TL : Sound of fear )
After seeing the end of the one who challenged Sadina , it seems these women wo n't make a move against her .
Tact 's wrung out like a wet rag , the Aotatsu women had her head blown off , and finally we have electrocution .
Honestly , I do n't think I would make a move if I was in their position .
“ DERYAAAAAAAH ! ”
“ KYUAAAAAAAAAAA ! ”
“ AAAAAAAAH ! ”
Hmm ? I hear Ren and Gaelion 's voices shouting out .
When I looked up , I saw the moment when the giant body of the Dragon Empress colliding with the fortress .
Gaelion had his mouth clamped on the giant 's throat , and Ren had his sword on her core .
A large tremor radiates from the building .
“ KUUUUAH ! ”
Gaelion cries out in a muffled voice .
“ Do n't screw with me ! Give you my Dragon Emperor Core ! ? A minor fragment like you , who needed a hero 's assistance to challenge me should n't get so high and mighty ! ”
When it looks like the dragon is going to act up again , Ren applies force to his sword , and she roars .
The end is clear .
“ Even if I perish , you shall not obtain it ! ”
“ … Gyau . ”
She flipped a switch . That one is the Adult Gaelion .
Likely , they had switched places numerous times in battle as they assisted Ren .
And this is the time when he offers his words of parting to his fellow fragment .
An ominous sound rings through the air .
“ Gufu… ”
It was the sound of Gaelion piercing through the empress 's throat .
The giant body convulses and stops moving . Ren lifts his sword and skillfully uses the blocks of the fortress wall to climb up it .
“ Is it over ? ” ( Ren )
“ For argument 's sake. ” ( Naofumi )
I place my foot on Tact as I declare this .
What is Gaelion doing ?
Uu…
He appears to be in the middle of a meal .
Blood is gushing out like a fountain , and Gaelion digs around the inside of the Dragon Empress 's body .
I 've seen Firo feast on wild monsters before , but this scene is much more grotesque .
Ren covers his mouth with his hand as he witnesses the scene .
He 's definitely stomaching his urge to throw up .
“ W-what is… he 's doing ? ” ( Ren )
“ The enemy dragon spoke of minor fragments and Dragon Emperor Fragments , right ? ” ( Naofumi )
“ Yeah. ” ( Ren )
“ The entity called the Dragon Emperor was split into thousands of Fragments , and their parts compete to complete the whole . Something about collecting past memories… ” ( Naofumi )
“ I do n't really get it , but pretty much , Gaelion has a fragment , and he 's claiming one from that Giant Dragon ? ” ( Ren )
“ Apparently . And since the opponent did n't submit , he killed her and is manually trying to take it. ” ( Naofumi )
The fragments were supposed to gather when the world was in peril . I thought that Gaelion did n't seem to have the instinct to collect them all , but he went and hunted Tact 's Dragon .
Gaelion greedily gnaws on the Enemy Dragon 's heart .
I 'll bet the fragment is kept somewhere around there .
“ He 'll likely gain the knowledge of how to breach level 100 . If all goes well , Gaelion 'll be able to bestow that power too. ” ( Naofumi )
“ I see ! So we 'll be able to make the villagers and the people of the country stronger ! ” ( Ren )
“ It 's only a possibility. ” ( Naofumi )
But considering that , I ca n't really kill Tact yet .
If I do n't get the knowledge of how to breach 100 from him , the future looks grim .
Looking at the air , Firo is still fighting the enemy Gryphon .
“ You 're quite… skillful . ”
“ Firo wo n't lose ! ” ( Firo )
But I can tell at a glance who has the better prospects of victory .
Firo 's movements are sharper .
The Gryphon 's already taken hits here and there , and she 's on the verge of collapse .
The end will eventually come .
I should really get to Raphtalia already .
I concentrate my attention on her battle .
Raphtalia and Raph-chan continue their illusionary battle with the Kitsune woman .
“ You 're good for a Raccoon . I remember… the Raccoon who sealed me carried a scent like yours ! ”
“ I do n't know what you 're talking about , nor do I have any interest. ” ( Raphtalia )
It really is a battle of delusion .
Fire rains , and water wells up . The surrounding landscape is warping .
Was Raphtalia that great of a mage ?
Or is this just an illusion ?
Raphtalia 's ability to see through illusions is high .
I bet that 's why she can keep up with that Kitsune 's blows .
Affinity is important .
It 's good that Tact did n't cooperate with that woman .
If I were to challenge her without the Cane , it would probably be impossible .
Well , if that were the case , I would need Raphtalia 's help to dispel her illusions .
“ Rafu~ ” ( Raph-chan )
“ Hmm , duplication magic , is it ? Do you truly think I am unable to see through it ? ”
Raph-chan changes to a form identical to Raphtalia and stands next to her .
Oy… she did n't notice ?
Ah , I see . This was what Raphtalia was training for .
If that 's the case , this might prove to be an effective weapon .
Though , I feel this is a bit too light for a decisive blow .
“ Raphtalia ! Catch ! ” ( Naofumi )
I throw the Houou Sword at Raphtalia .
“ Rafu~ ! ”
But Raph-chan jumps up high and catches the sword I threw .
Eh ? Raph-chan 's taking it ?
And wait , there 's a problem more important than that . Can Raph-chan even use weapons ?
“ So that one 's the real one ! ”
Raph-chan uses the sword to deflect a blow aimed at him .
Ah , so that was his intention when he intercepted it .
Despite his cute appearance , he has a surprisingly good head on his shoulders .
“ Hahaha , Raccoon wench . To think you thought an illusion of this level would -gufu ! ? ”
The real Raphtalia stabs the smiling Kitsune woman in the back .
She really was deceived .
It seems Raphtalia was more skillful .
“ Unfortunately , you were wrong. ” ( Raphtalia )
“ Rafu~. ” ( Raph-chan )
“ Impossible… an illusion with physical substance ! ? Even its scent is the same ! ”
“ I have no reason to tell you the truth of the matter . Is n't it a battle of deception ? Anyways… what did you think this child was supposed to be ? ” ( Raphtalia )
“ Raccoon wench… so it was n't you who used an illusion to breach the Dragon Emperor and the Gryphon 's sanctuary… ”
So Tact 's side thought it was Raphtalia who used the sanctuary .
Even their most skilled illusionist was deceived , so I guess they thought Raph-chan was merely a part of her .
In truth , he was created with her genes , so even his scent is the same .
His voice and feel are different , though . I 'll investigate it later .
“ Unfortunately , no. ” ( Raphtalia )
Raphtalia pulls out her sword , and starts a coordinated attack with Raph-chan .
Right , this attack was the one that Trash proposed .
Using one of them as bait , and making an opening for the other . And Raphtalia , and Raph-chan…
“ Here we go ! Make sure to keep up with me ! ” ( Raphtalia )
“ Rafu~ ! ” ( Raph-chan )
Raphtalia starts unleashing sword strikes at a high speed .
“ Na-… gu-… u… ”
Slash , thrust , rest , Karma Blade , kick , First Stroke , Second Stroke , Third Stroke , followed by a stream of Hengen Musou sword skills .
And Raph-chan imitates that as if a mirror was placed on the other side of the Kitsune 's body .
This brings to mind a famous attack from a fighting game.I believe it was the attack of a Demon of Dreams .
The combo ended with them lifting their swords together , turning their backs to the Kitsune , and swinging downward to wipe off the blood .
「Illusion Mirror」 !
「Rafu~」 !
Raph-chan returns to his Tanuki form .
“ I have… yet to… fall . ”
Though she should have collapsed , the Kitsune woman stands while covered in blood .
No matter how you look at it , it 's her loss… the woman 's form gradually begins to change .
… As if her transformation had been dispelled , her shape becomes that of a giant fox .
Is this the time for me to offer assistance ?
When I took a step in their direction…
“ Not… yet . ”
Tact 's consciousness returns , and he suddenly stands up .
Mayawati is accused of self-glorification by her critics
An Indian politician is calling for a police force to be created to protect statues she has erected of herself and her mentors .
The chief minister of Uttar Pradesh state , Mayawati , says her political opponents want to demolish the statues .
A bill proposing the force has been introduced in the state assembly , to be debated at a later date .
Ms Mayawati has been criticised for spending $ 1bn ( £0.6bn ) on monuments of herself and other low-caste leaders .
She remains popular among India 's 160 million low-caste Dalits , formerly known as `` untouchables '' - but critics accuse her of self-glorification and wasting public money in what is one of India 's poorest states .
Bulldozers should be put to good use in these memorials
Uttar Pradesh state opposition leader Mulayam Singh Yadav
India 's Supreme Court has ordered the state government to halt further building work on the statues until it decides whether the expense can be justified .
Last year , the Uttar Pradesh state opposition leader , Mulayam Singh Yadav , said : `` Bulldozers should be put to good use in these memorials . ''
According to the bill tabled in the state assembly , the squad would be named the Special State Security Force .
If passed , the bill will give officers powers to detain people they suspect of threatening security near the statues .
The initial cost of raising the force is estimated to be 540m rupees ( $ 11.6m ; £7.1m ) . Yearly maintenance would cost 140m rupees ( $ 3m ; £1.8m ) .
The right-wing legal group Liberty Counsel has been encouraging public officials from county clerks to governors to ignore the Supreme Court 's decision striking down gay-marriage bans nationwide , and as part of this work is representing Kim Davis , a Kentucky clerk who is refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples .
Liberty Counsel 's main argument in the Kentucky case is that Davis ' religious liberty is being violated because she is being forced to do her job and issue licenses for legal marriages between people of the same sex .
In fact , LC argues in a recent court filing , marriage equality actually imposes an unconstitutional “ religious ( or anti-religious ) test for holding office ” because people like Davis who do n't want to issue marriage licenses to gay couples are n't allowed to refuse to do so .
WorldNetDaily summarizes LC 's argument :
Share
The world economy floundered Friday following Great Britain 's shocking decision to exit the European Union — but the bitcoin is proving that every action has an equal and opposite reaction .
Even as stock markets and world currencies flailed at the results of the Brexit vote , the bitcoin suddenly spiked in value , surging past $ 650 , up $ 100 from the previous day ( when it still seemed possible that the EU could stay together ) . Because apparently , the only thing people still have faith in is a virtual currency .
For perspective , as of Brexit morning , the pound went down 6.44 percent against the euro and 10 percent against the dollar . But bitcoin continued its upward trajectory , increasing 7 percent in the last seven hours of trading . At day 's end , the price of bitcoin had gone up 8.7 percent , and hit a high of $ 680.19 , according to Coindesk . “ We are seeing … almost $ 100 million traded in the past 24 hours , it 's two or three times compared to a slow day , ” said Bobby Lee , chief executive of BTCC , one of the largest bitcoin exchanges , in an interview with CNBC .
Of course , bitcoin 's value is notoriously volatile , having recently plunged 25 percent following a two-year high on June 17 , when it peaked at $ 774.94 . Even with its latest surge , it has n't regained that foothold .
But as the fallout from Brexit continues , bitcoin experts say that the cryptocurrency can be ideal for offloading the British Pound . “ With the EU referendum in the U.K. on Thursday , June 23 , exchange rates are likely to be volatile . We 've been putting plans in place so that your transfers continue to be processed as smoothly as possible , ” TransferWise told customers earlier this week . Today , that seems like a wise decision .
That said , putting all your eggs in bitcoin 's basket probably is n't advisable either , as the total value of all bitcoin in circulation today stands at just $ 10.6 billion . But hey , at least for cryptocurrency holders , there 's an upside to what seems to have been turned upside down .
Outspoken politician says US scientist should be 'ashamed ' of his 'exaggerated rhetoric ' on exploitation of tar sands
Canada 's natural resources minister , Joe Oliver , rarely bothers to hide his dislike for critics of the country 's carbon-heavy tar sands or the controversial Keystone XL pipeline .
But it still came as a surprise to hear Oliver lash out at one of America 's pre-eminent scientists , climatologist James Hansen , during a visit to Washington DC .
Oliver was in Washington on one of the now-frequent visits by Canadian politicians to try to build support for the pipeline .
The charm offensive evidently did not apply to Hansen . In remarks made at a Washington thinktank , Oliver said Hansen should be `` ashamed '' of his opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline , and for warning that exploitation of the carbon-heavy tar sands would drive climate change past a point of no return .
Hansen is known as the scientist who raised public awareness of climate change 25 years ago with his testimony to Congress .
In Oliver 's view , however , the scientist has had no business to keep speaking out as he has . `` He was the one who said four years ago that if we go ahead with development of the oil sands it 's game over for the planet , '' Oliver told the audience at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies . `` Well , this is exaggerated rhetoric . It 's frankly nonsense . I do n't know why he said it but he should be ashamed of having said it . ''
It 's not clear why Oliver was so vehement . The minister launched his attack on Hansen just 48 hours after a report from the Environmental Protection Agency essentially reaffirmed the climate scientist 's concerns about the development of the tar sands .
The EPA said developing the tar sands would indeed have a negative impact on the environment , releasing as much as an additional 935m metric tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere over the next 50 years .
But Oliver has made a name for himself in the past by his efforts to take down critics of Alberta 's tar sands . He wrote an open letter last year denouncing such critics as `` radicals '' in the pay of foreign special interest groups .
The ministerial outspokenness this week during an interview in Montreal also raised questions about whether Oliver even believes climate change is happening .
If Oliver 's belief in climate science is waning , however , the minister suggested that Hansen was also to blame . `` Crying wolf all the time does not advance serious debate , '' he said .
If you wanted the Monday 's right-of-center take on the Paul Manafort indictment , you could do no better than click on Breitbart.com yesterday evening .
“ House of Cards Star Kevin Spacey Hit with Additional Accusations of Sexual Misconduct ” __was the lead story and headline . Huh ? For a moment , I figured that Spacey confronted not just the misconduct accusations but alleged links to laundering money from Ukraine ( House of Cards : Kiev ? ) . Oops , no , it was just the unseemly personal stuff .
But the saga exemplifies the lack of homogeneity in analyzing Robert Mueller 's first salvo in his Russia investigation . And it capped a day in which Fox News 's morning hit , Trump & Friends , displayed rather poor timing in covering a Google burger emoji controversy while cable new rivals went whole hog on the Manafort saga .
View more
By and large , the conservative press tended to downplay the indictments of Manafort and his partner , while giving precious little coverage to what some folks deemed the ultimately more significant charges against a lower-level Trump foreign policy advisor who 's already pleaded guilty . It by and large , but not entirely , dismissed him as a non-entity .
Rush Limbaugh was resolute in largely looking at the matter as a question of whether Manafort colluded with the Russians to help the Trump campaign ( as most noted , most of the alleged money laundering predated his campaign involvement ) . “ We still do n't have any of that evidence . I mean , it 's not there , and this indictment of Manafort does n't produce anything . ”
There were divisions , for sure , not just among conservative media but within the same organ . For example , National Review 's Andrew McCarthy dumped on the whole Mueller endeavor ( “ much ado about nothing ” ) , while David French said “ It does raise serious questions , and it does demonstrate how little we truly know about the Mueller investigation . ”
And The Weekly Standard , which has not been any shill for Trump , underscored the indictment of the campaign aide and former foreign policy adviser , George Papadopoulos , who 's pleaded guilty . It concludes he “ could prove an even bigger headache for the Trump administration . ”
One of the more notable divisions among the conservative ranks is seen in Commentary deriding a Wall Street Journal op-ed that had urged blanket pardons by Trump . “ These contributions to the opinion landscape play a reckless game with remarkably high stakes , ” Commentary contends , arguing that sabotaging Mueller could let some Democrats off the hook .
On Trump & Friends this morning , there did not appear to be a significant follow-up to the burger emoji flap . As for the indictments ? Its leading story ( `` Great news ! '' said co-host Brian Kilmeade after an opening minute of Halloween chatter ) was Navy SEALs capturing an alleged Benghazi militant involved in the 2012 attack there .
It was only then that it turned to the events yesterday , downplaying the charges against Manafort and Co. , as well as those about “ a fellow named George Papadapoulos. ” Co-host Ainsley Earhardt chided Mueller 's team as “ mostly Democrats . ”
An exit at The New Republic
Writes The Daily Beast , `` Hamilton Fish V , the publisher of The New Republic , is taking a leave of absence from running the century-old magazine pending an investigation into allegations that he behaved inappropriately with female staff members . In an email sent by the magazine 's owner , Win McCormack , Fish 's leave 'concerns relate specifically to interactions between Ham Fish and a number of women employees . ' McCormack pledged an 'immediate ' investigation into the allegations . ''
The New Republic was also long-time home of Leon Wieseltier , who recently apologized for past `` offenses '' against female colleagues and saw a new magazine project killed by the owner , Laurene Powell Jobs .
The Horowitz take
`` Amid the general jubilation over the arrest of Paul Manafort on Monday , millions of Americans reported extreme disappointment that the first person arrested from Robert Mueller 's Russia probe was not Jared Kushner . ''
That was from The New Yorker 's Andy Borowitz , a funny guy . We spoke right after the indictments about the challenges of extracting humor out of Trump , as well as whether or not comics gives a pass to certain issues , groups and individuals—such as Black Lives Matter and Colin Kaepernick—on ideological grounds . And on other matters right here .
Anatomy of a killer Facebook post .
Let 's call it Anatomy of a Killer Post , especially with that vague Law and Order SVU air . In fact , it 's an assessment of 210,000 Facebook posts , what works and thus how best to game Facebook . No surprise , keep posts short , snappy and going 24/7 .
Ingraham 's new gig
Laura Ingraham premiered on Fox 's 10 p.m. slot with a populist `` What is America ? '' essay before the news of her opening night , namely an interview with White House Chief of Staff John Kelly . She promised her show will impact all her viewers life and their families and `` hold those in power accountable , and that includes you , Mr . President . ''
Kelly did n't make huge news as he claimed scant knowledge of the Manafort indictments and suggested there 's less than meets the eye with any alleged Trump campaign ties to Russia . He was unbowed in his criticisms ( some factually incorrect ) of a Florida congresswoman . He chided North Korea without offering much of a game plan for that mess .
Pushed by Ingraham on relations with a dictatorial China , he was shaky , including articulating some foggy notion of our not necessarily considering them a competitor ( huh ? ) . He was n't much better on the slow pace of filling administration vacancies , including ambassadorships .
Some folks were taken aback with his observation that taking down Confederate monuments amounts to a `` scrubbing of history . '' He said , “ I think we make a mistake , though , and as a society and certainly as , as individuals , when we take what is today accepted as right and wrong and go back 100 , 200 , 300 years or more and say : 'What Christopher Columbus * * * * did was wrong , ' You know , 500 years later , it 's inconceivable to me that you would take what we think now and apply it back then . ”
And , in what may have been a first such query to a West Wing official , Ingraham asked what he 'd want to be for Halloween ( in theory ) . His response : a Marine sergeant , or infantryman . You were n't thinking Wonder Woman , Winnie the Pooh or the Last Jedi Porg Toddler , were you ?
Oh , Ingraham 's opening riff had one pretty good line as she derided the political establishment and politicians who left us `` with a border more open than Harvey Weinstein 's robe . ''
A post-Manafort morning
The Washington Post scores by disclosing key figures identified but not named in the charges against Sam Papadapoulos as Sam Clovis , Trump 's national campaign co-chairman , and `` high-ranking campaign official '' Corey Lewandowski .
At CNN 's New Day , there was the most comprehensive post-mortem of its competitors , with lots of legalistic chatter as co-host Chris Cuomo played law school professor cum devil 's advocate on various matters , suggesting the bar was still high in proving any Trump campaign ties to Russia . At his side were The New Yorker 's Jeffrey Toobin , who correctly strayed from grandiose declarations about what may come , an inhibition as usual not afflicting garrulous and regular national security pundit Phil Mudd ( `` hold on , cowboy , '' Toobin said to him at one point ) .
At Trump & Friends , Papadopoulos was derided as a nothing-burger and the show quoted the Wall Street Journal as editorializing that Trump 's biggest sin might have simply been hiring Manafort . The paper writes , `` Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort for tax fraud on Monday , and the main charge against Donald Trump is poor judgment for hiring the notorious Beltway operator . ''
MSNBC 's Morning Joe was not quite on its anti-Trump A-game and somewhat predictably in sync in divining dark days ahead for Trump himself . But it gave some free publicity to The New York Daily News as Joe Scarborough held aloft this morning 's cover , Smashing Trumpkins . It suggested , with unclear sourcing , that the White House is far more anxious about Manafort 's indictment than Trump & Co. suggests .
Home runs
Major League Baseball 's records for homers were smashed this season , and the World Series , which continues Tuesday in Los Angeles , has seen more hit in five games than ever in a seven-game series . For many months , there 's been lots of debate about what 's up . Reasons thrown out include a `` juiced '' ball ( which the league denies ) , new batting approaches by hitters ( conscious of so-called launch angles ) , less of an onus in swing fiercely and striking out , and relief pitchers relying heavily on fastballs , etc .
Paul Sullivan , baseball writer for the Chicago Tribune , says there 's no consensus . Dan Bernstein , a talk host on Chicago 's all-sports WSCR-AM , says , `` Players swing for Launch Angle , in large part due to defensive shifting turning ground balls into outs . No stigma to striking out anymore , and the value of the home run justifies an all-or-nothing approach . Everybody in the lineup , 1-9 , is now capable of home runs and is trying to hit them . ''
Interestingly , you do n't often hear suggestions that maybe , just maybe , illegal use of drugs might be in the mix . There 's the reference to the `` steroids era , '' as if that 's way in the past , and no mention of the history of athletes in many sports being one step ahead of most testing . So guys lunch at a pitch and hit it out of the park with one hand and nobody wonders , `` Ah , uh , how did he do that ? ''
David Israel , a Hollywood producer-writer and former star sports columnist , cites different hitting philosophies ; smaller ballparks ; pitching analytics `` run amok '' and subsequent heavier reliance on relief pitchers who are by and large inferior to starting pitchers and largely reliant on one pitch ( the fastball ) .
`` As for the hitters , they are all have uppercuts . The rationale is there are six defenders - four infielders , the pitcher and the catcher - working the confined space of the infield , and there are three outfielders working the vast spaces of the outfield , so lift the ball and there is more space for it to fall . Also , with smaller ballparks and weight training , players who in the past would just be hitting lazy fly balls are now able to reach the first or second row of the seats instead of the warning track . Mostly because the first or second row of the seats are where the warning tracks used to be . ''
`` Every new ballpark since ( Baltimore 's ) Camden Yards is an easier place to hit homers than the one it replaced except Petco in San Diego , and , maybe , Target Field in Minneapolis . Philly , Texas , San Francisco , Houston , Miami , Washington , Pittsburgh , Seattle , Milwaukee , St. Louis , the new Yankee Stadium , Citi Field—they are all cozier than their predecessors .
`` So , no , I do n't think it is THE baseball . I think it is the way the game is being managed , taught and played . ''
The Atlantic on Joan Didion
Megan Garber writes about a new documentary on Didion :
`` Didion 's confessions are controlled , always , and extremely strategic about what they share and what they keep hidden from view . More than admitting , they imply—Montaigne , definitely , but also Monet : Didion is an essayist who is also an impressionist . The words smear and splash and streak and—through precision and , you have to assume , a bit of magic—conspire to make the whole . ( 'When I talk about pictures in my mind , ' Didion said , ' I am talking , quite specifically , about images that shimmer around the edges . … Look hard enough , and you ca n't miss the shimmer . It 's there . ” ) ''
Journalists and social media
It 's an old debate that predates the internet and social media . Should the supposedly neutral City Hall reporter be allowed to go on social media and call the mayor an idiot ? In its current form , Mathew Ingram made the case for making opinions known ( and thus disputing such moves to limit social media by journalists ) in a Columbia Journalism Review piece and , now , Northeastern University journalism professor Dan Kennedy defends an older school of thought on WGBH-TV 's website . He argues , `` Providing tough , fair-minded coverage is a discipline that is undermined once you disclose your own biases . ''
Hannity 's Christian movie opening
Variety notes , `` Atlas Distribution 's faith-based Let There Be Light , executive produced by Fox News ' Sean Hannity and directed by Kevin Sorbo , opened solidly in 11th place in limited release with $ 1.8 million at 373 screens . The story centers on an atheist who has a near-death experience . '' Hannity himself was exultant last evening , even offering numbers claiming that on some apples-to-apples basis ( since he opened in very few theaters ) , he fared well compared to the Matt Damon-George Clooney Suburbacon opening .
Mueller Time
Trevor Noah was rather droll in envisioning the special counsel entering rooms of miscreants and announcing , `` It 's Mueller Time ! '' Meanwhile , here 's one missed by the mainstream press :
`` After issuing indictments against former Trump campaign associates Paul Manafort and Rick Gates on Monday , a teary-eyed Robert S. Mueller III reportedly whispered , “ I 'll make those bastards pay , ” into a locket containing a photo of James Comey . ' I 'll never forget what those sons of bitches did to you , ' said the special counsel , his voice trembling as a teardrop fell upon the small silver case that held a black-and-white photo and lock of hair from the former FBI director . ''
Missed it ? It 's in The Onion .
And , with that , Happy Halloween . Have a good evening . I can attest that on one block in Chicago , business will be so brisk , we 've got 2,000 pieces of candy ready to go—and should be depleted by 7:30 . Will anybody dress as Paul Manafort or Robert Mueller ? Any Melania Trump 's ? Since it 's Chicago , might one wag come as George Papadopoulos , the local guy who copped a plea in the Russia investigation ?
Corrections ? Tips ? Please email me : jwarren @ poynter.org . Would you like to get this roundup emailed to you every morning ? Sign up here .
Governor Sam Brownback of Kansas speaking at the 2015 Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) in National Harbor , Maryland . ( Credit : Gage Skidmore )
Kansas Gov . Sam Brownback ( R ) suggested over the weekend that preventing women from having abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy was part of his state 's recipe for economic growth .
On Friday 's Washington Watch broadcast , Family Research Council President Tony Perkins ignored the economic disaster in Kansas , and praised Brownback for showing “ Washington a thing or two ” about improving the economy .
“ It 's working , ” Brownback agreed . “ What we want Kansas to be is the best place in America to do two things : raise a family , grow a small business . ”
“ And we are moving that way , ” he continued . “ I 've signed 10 pro-life bills , there 's another one moving through the legislature on ending dismemberment abortions , where you actually dismember the child to abort it . It 's passed the state Senate , it 's going to pass the House , and I 'm going to sign it . ”
Brownback said that he had also taken “ all small business taxes off of small business income , and that 's seen a record number of small business filings , tax filers coming into the state of Kansas , job creation . ”
According to Perkins , Kansas was proving that a “ pro-family agenda ” was “ entwined ” with economic growth .
“ They really support each other , ” Brownback agreed . “ Frankly , one of the big problems we have in the country is we 're not forming enough families . And that is hurting our economic work and hurting our economic projection because the best place for that child is within a strong family . And if you 're not forming a family unit , you are also slowing your economic performance . ”
“ So , these things really tie together . And I think we really do a disservice politically when we separate them , ” he opined .
By signing a bill banning abortion after 20 weeks in 2013 , Brownback made Kansas one of the most restrictive states in the country on women 's reproductive rights . He compared abortion to slavery in his 2014 State of the State Address . And during his 2015 address earlier this year , he called for a halt to all abortions in Kansas .
Listen to the audio below via Right Wing Watch .
Many of us in this election season have referred to the Trump ‘ anshluss ' as a world of ‘ smoke and mirrors ' , and we were correct . But now we know from the twisted mouth of his hired gun , Kellyanne Conway , that it is really not so much calculated duplicity , but rather it is a presentation of “ alternative facts. ” She says we must look at the news as “ BROADcast , not NARROWcast. ” A whole new political vocabulary has emerged from the Trumpists in our new ‘ post factual ' world . Veracity is now in the eyes and ears of the beholder .
A whole new political vocabulary has emerged from the Trumpists in our new ‘ post factual ' world . Veracity is now in the eyes and ears of the beholder .
As a student , and then a professor , of public policy , I learned early on that a fact was considered true when , as a thesis , it was proven by non biased investigation . However , we have changed course in epistemology and linguistics to find that we now live in a world where there is a sliding scale of what registers as fact and what is fiction , and either or both can come out in every sentence of the limited vocabulary spouting from Donald Trump 's mouth .
As I listened carefully , admittedly with tears in my eyes , to the inauguration speech of this deplorable new President of the US , and leader of the Free World , who was standing only feet from four of our past Presidents as he defamed each of them with his rhetoric about how he finally , for the first time , is giving the nation back to the people , I was amazed at his bizarre gall , his ignorance , and his despicable manners to insult Obama , Bush , Clinton , and Carter , by asserting that they were all inept , uncaring , and failing in their duty to America . He vilified them in so many ways that it was mind blowing , and watching their faces , the faces of their wives , and the others on the dais , I came to finally understand what a villainous demagoge this new President is , and how dangerous he is , and what is even worse , how dangerous and uninformed his followers are .
I have read much in these past weeks since he won this questionable election by a fluke of the Electoral College , but without the popular vote , and with the interference of both Russian hacking and Comey 's false Clinton report and the New York Times knowing about it all for weeks before the election but choosing not to report any of it . Much as been written by groups of psychiatrists who go beyond his personality disorders like Narcissism and megalomania , to discuss his potential brain dysfunction and the possibility of dementia which rules his lies and loss of control as with the endless tweets at the smallest and the most inconsequential of slights .
Saturday , sending his lackey , now known as Afghanistan Sean Spicer , in to the first formal White House press announcement only to admonish the media for “ fake ” reporting on how many people were standing to watch this nonsensical reality show of an inauguration , was incomprehensible and will be recorded in the history books for posterity . This man continues to make himself , and America , the laughing stock of the planet .
Facts on the emerging Russian connection now being investigated by the CIA and the FBI , not only with the Putin hacking of the US election process , but with the years of contact and ‘ deals ' between Trump and Putin and Manafort , and the Russian Oligarchs who now seem to be bankers to Trump , and all of them also possible black mailers of Trump , and purveyors of films of “ golden showers ” which is a topic most never heard of before this election , all of this boggles the mind of voters and citizens of the US and is even more terrifying to the other nations of the world which have to deal with his nuclear threats and the angst of being his target if he gets insulted . I suspect his family knows how deranged he is and that is why they have Jared Kushner , who is evidently the smartest among them , posted in the West Wing as his closest advisor . Jared strikes me as playing Iago to his father-in-laws madman , Othello .
Not only do we Americans have to worry about his little fingers on the button of the cataclysmic nuclear coded football , but the world now wonders who he will blow up first .
Democrats are asked by Republicans to foster unity and support him…to give him a chance , yet everything he says brings us back to his lack of intellectual stature , lack of political experience , lack of calm judgment , and his over arching greed , mendacity , and self aggrandizement . It is not rational to support anything or anyone he recommends for his edicts do mirror the manipulating and false populist claims of tyrants from Nero to Hitler . His speeches about giving the decision making “ to the people ” is almost word for word that of the speeches of the Third Reich and they are a page out of his favorite bedside book , Mein Kampf . The Drumpf family has long been known known to consort with others of the underworld like Roy Cohn , and their Mafia ties , and most probably the similar Russian mob . Why would anyone think that due to this ‘ trumped up ' election , Donald has changed from his lifelong playboy , misogynistic , self serving , highly bigoted persona ?
Just look carefully at those he has chosen to run OUR country with him as their leader , their Commander in Chief . Keep wearing the pussy cat hats and speaking up without fear . Keep Rex Tillerson at Exxon Mobil instead of in the role of the US Sect . of State where he will be dropping US sanctions ( to insure vast profits for the oil barons ) against an aggressive Putin Kremlin which is committing war crimes , and keep the ignorant and spoiled , religious ideologue debutante , Betsy DeVos , out of the Dept . of Education , and keep the well determined bigot , Jeff Sessions , from being America 's AG…and send all the rest of this crew of US oligarchs back to their well padded nests under the rocks from which they crawled into Drumpf 's daylight including HUD , Labor , Health and Human Services et al . What a bunch of overprivileged thugs they all are .
Ellen Lubic
One of the key factors I thought that really contributed to the quality of Doctor Who is a series 10 opener , The Pilot , was the pacing of it . That a lot of information is got across , but without feeling like the show was zooming through it .
That 's down in good part to the writing and editing amongst other factors , particularly in the first half of the episode . But inevitably , to get that pacing spot on , things had to be sacrificed . In particular , an early scene in the episode , that its director , Lawrence Gough , took us through .
As part of his bigger interview with us , that you can read here , Gough explained that “ there was a whole sequence in the bar scene , where Heather and Bill first meet , and we spin around them . When we spun around them , what was originally revealed was that the Doctor was on stage playing guitar . It 's a great sequence , it was lovely to shoot . She hears the guitar and people part , and as she goes to look who 's playing this eerie tune , which was Clara 's Theme , played in a heavy metal way . Then she runs to Heather , and the camera spins round to see the Doctor in-between them , as if he 's drawing them together . It 's all part of that time and space montage ” .
He added that “ It was lovely , and it was a really great sequence . Peter was great , and with all the extras , the place was packed out . He did this whole sequence on the guitar , and we filmed the whole thing . Everyone was really into it , as if you were in a club watching a band . In the edit , though , we wanted that bit to be montage-y and quite pacey , so it was one of those things that had to go . Something had to go , so that went ” .
Whether we eventually get to see the scene as a deleted sequence on DVD remains to be seen…
PHOENIX , AZ — A 29-year-old corporate account manager is receiving high praise from friends and colleagues after he recently went No . 2 and did n't bring his phone to the bathroom .
“ It all happened so fast , ” said Neil Farmar , the courageous man who pooped without the itch to check Instagram or send a tweet . “ Honestly , I hardly even remember the incident . It 's just a blur , but I 'm glad I was able to act on time . ”
While the details are fuzzy , Farmar recalls that he was sitting at this desk at 10:11 a.m. on Wednesday morning when the need to shit suddenly hit him . With his phone charging at 13 % , he acted on instinct and immediately darted for the bathroom . According to Farmar , 37 minutes later when he emerged from the restroom , his co-workers were there to congratulate him on his feat .
“ It was a real emergency , ” Farmar contemplated . “ In reality , I was worried I would n't make it in time and that I 'd be remembered at the office for something far worse . I 'm really living this moment up right now . I feel truly # blessed . ”
Farmar said that he hopes younger generations can learn something from his example and that he is currently scheduling a lecture series for those who want to learn more about how to crap without checking email , catching up on sports scores , or ordering a delivery pizza .
Max Rosenblum is a comedian and writer based out of Los Angeles . Follow him on Twitter and Instagram @ mrmaxrose .
Mr. Clean is a brand name and mascot fully owned by Procter & Gamble , used as an all-purpose cleaner and melamine foam cleaner .
Mr. Clean was created by Linwood Burton , a marine ship cleaning businessman with accounts throughout the east coast of the United States and his friend , Mathusan Chandramohan , a rich entrepreneur from Sri Lanka . In the past , ships had to be cleaned using abrasives or solvents that were able to cut successfully through embedded grease and grime ; however , past solvents were so dangerous to workers that Burton was motivated to finding a solution that was effective and less caustic . Burton , with fundamental knowledge in chemistry , developed Mr. Clean in an effort to clean ships without having to pay significant premiums in disability claims for his workers . He later sold the product to Procter & Gamble in 1958 . [ 1 ]
Mr. Clean made his television commercial debut in 1958 , initially portrayed in the live-action versions by character actor House Peters Jr. [ 2 ] Within the first six months of the introduction , Mr. Clean became the best-selling household cleaner on the market . [ 3 ]
International versions [ edit ]
The name `` Clean '' is usually translated into local languages : [ 4 ]
In the UK and Ireland , the product is sold under the brand name Flash ; [ 5 ] this is because a company exists that uses the `` Mr. Clean '' name . [ 6 ] Furthermore , Flash does not use a mascot , unlike Mr . Clean . [ 7 ] For many years Flash was advertised on UK television by Scottish actress Molly Weir , with the catchphrase `` Flash cleans floors WITHOUT scratching '' .
Mascot [ edit ]
The product 's mascot is the character Mr. Clean . In 1957 , Harry Barnhart conceived the idea and Ernie Allen in the art department at the advertising agency Tatham-Laird & Kudner in Chicago , Illinois drew Mr. Clean as a muscular , tanned , bald man who cleans things very well .
According to Procter & Gamble , the original model for the image of Mr. Clean was a United States Navy sailor from the city of Pensacola , Florida , although some people may think he is a genie based on his earring , folded arms , and tendency to appear magically at the appropriate time ( one of the live-action commercials has a character directly refer to Mr. Clean as a genie ) . Hal Mason , the head animator at Cascade Studios in Hollywood , California modified the existing artwork in print advertising to be more readily used for the television commercials written , produced , and directed by Thomas Scott Cadden . ( Cadden also wrote the words and music for the original Mr. Clean jingle — see below . ) The first actor to portray Mr. Clean in live action television commercials was House Peters Jr .. [ 8 ]
In a NY Times obituary for the original illustrator , Richard Black , the product Mr. Clean was referenced to as the `` Genie in a bottle '' [ 9 ]
Mr. Clean has always smiled , except for a brief time in the `` Mean Mr. Clean '' series of ads when he was frowning because he hated dirt . Although Mr. Clean is the strong , silent type , he did speak once in a few television commercials where live actor Mark Dana appeared playing Mr. Clean in a suit-and-tie in the mid-1960s .
Mr. Clean 's first name , Veritably , originated from a 'Give Mr. Clean a First Name ' promotion in 1962 . [ 10 ]
Mr. Clean appeared on the September 2010 cover of Biz X Magazine . [ 11 ]
Mr. Clean was redesigned by Chase Design Group . [ 12 ]
On 2016-09-08 , Procter & Gamble announced a contest to find the replacement Mr. Clean . The contest was introduced with a new 60-second spot with actor Kellan Lutz spoofing an audition reel for the Mr. Clean role that took place in August 2016 Los Angeles , California . In addition to casting sessions at 404 NYC in New York on 2016-09-07 and Envision Studios LA in Los Angeles on 2016-09-14 , contestant could also submit video to contest web site . The contest winner would receive $ 20,000 in mid-October , and be featured in 2017 limited edition Mr. Clean calendar . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
Jingle [ edit ]
Mr. Clean 's theme song , or jingle , has been around since the product 's introduction , initially sung as a popular-music style duet between a man ( Don Cherry ) and a woman ( Betty Bryan ) . Thomas Scott Cadden wrote the jingle at his home in Skokie , Illinois in the spring of 1957 while working for Tatham-Laird & Kudner Advertising Agency . The vocal and piano recording was made on a home tape recorder for presentation to the agency and later to Procter & Gamble . Procter & Gamble approved the jingle in the spring or summer of 1957 . Thomas Scott Cadden produced the recording of the jingle at Universal Recorders in Chicago in the summer or fall of 1957 . Bill Walker was the arranger and Don Cherry and Betty Bryan were the singers . In January or February 1958 , Cadden produced and wrote the first pool of television commercials — nine one-minute commercials and four 20-second `` lifts '' . Included was the original full 60-second jingle commercial and the 10-second jingle `` tag '' at the end of all the others . They were produced at Cascade Pictures in Hollywood , California . The first pool of commercials ran in August 1958 at WDTV/KDKA in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania the year the product was introduced . The jingle is copyrighted under numbers EU 589219 & EU 599220 . The jingle is also registered with ASCAP under title code 570098598 & 570006267 .
In 2016 , an updated reboot of the jingle was made for a television advertisement . It is the longest running advertising jingle used in television history . [ citation needed ]
Original lyrics by Thomas Scott Cadden : [ 15 ]
Mr. Clean will clean up dirt & grime & grease in just 1 minute !
Mr. Clean will clean your whole house & everything that 's in it !
Floors , doors , walls , halls , white sidewall tires , and old golf balls !
Sinks , stoves , bathtubs he 'll do , he 'll even help with the laundry too !
Q . Can he clean a kitchen sink ?
A . Quicker than a wink !
Q . Can he clean a window sash ?
A . Faster than a flash !
Q . Can he clean a dirty mirror ?
A . He makes it bright & cleaner !
Q . Can he clean a diamond ring ?
A : Mr. Clean cleans anything !
Reboot lyrics : [ 16 ]
Mr. Clean gets tough on dirt and grime
And grease in just a minute
Mr. Clean will clean your whole house
And every room that 's in it .
Floors , doors , walls , halls
He 's so tough he cleans them all
Grimy tubs and tiles he 'll do
so your bathroom looks clean as new !
Mr. Clean gets tough on stuck on stuff
cleans kitchens in a minute
Mr. Clean will clean your whole house
And every room that 's in it .
Mr. Clean !
Mr. Clean !
Mr. Clean !
Mr. Clean scenes competition [ edit ]
In 1998 , Honda Motor Co. created an advertising campaign , including a television commercial , featuring Mr. Clean to represent Honda 's clean running Accord along with other Honda products including lawnmowers , string trimmers , motorcycles , and marine engines . [ 17 ]
In March 2007 , Mr. Clean launched an online competition with YouTube that gave consumers the opportunity to create a commercial advertising the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser . [ citation needed ]
The competition ran through June 30 , 2007 . In September 2007 , the $ 10,000 prize was awarded to the creator of the winning video `` Here 's To Stain. ” [ citation needed ]
Gil is a main character and the tertiary antagonist of Descendants 2 . He is the son of Gaston . A devoted member of Uma 's pirate gang , Gil is thickheaded and does his best to keep up with Uma and Harry . Gil is portrayed by Dylan Playfair .
Contents show ]
Background
Personality
Gil is a thick-headed , happy-go-lucky guy who is brawny and acts before thinking just like his dad , but this is their only similarity . He has a concern for the well-being of others and is very loyal to his friends . Gil is a devoted member of Uma 's pirate crew .
Physical Appearance
Gil is a handsome , tan-skinned muscular young man with blonde hair tied in a ponytail and brown eyes . His primary outfit is a torn burnt orange tank top , an orange sleeveless leather jacket , ripped blue jeans with brown details , and brown boots . His accessories consist of a yellow bandana , brown and black bands , a bronze bull necklace , a brown bull belt , yellow fingerless gloves , golden skull rings , bronze , black and gold bracelets , and a sheath for his sword . Gil is sometimes shown with black and orange markings painted onto his face .
Relationships
Songs
Group songs
Gallery
Descendants Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Gil which can be found at Gil/Gallery has a collection of images and media related towhich can be found at
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
A British conspiracy theorist found dead in a flat in Poland texted his mother asking her to investigate “ if anything happens to me '' days before his body was discovered .
Max Spiers , 39 , was found dead on a sofa in an apartment in Warsaw , Poland , where he was due to give a talk about UFOs and other conspiracy theories .
Friends claimed he died after he “ vomited a black liquid ” and supporters have called for an inquiry into his death .
The father-of-two , from Canterbury , was ruled to have died from natural causes though his mother claims no post-mortem examination has been carried out on his body .
Days before his body was discovered Mr Spiers ' mother Vanessa , 63 , received a text which read : “ 'Your boy 's in trouble . If anything happens to me , investigate . ''
Mr Spiers was working with science fiction writer Madlen Namro and Monika Duval who he was visiting at the time of his death .
Vanessa said : “ He was making a name for himself in the world of conspiracy theorists and had been invited to speak at a conference in Poland in July .
“ He was staying with a woman who he had not known for long and she told me how she found him dead on the sofa . ”
In one of his final social media messages he wrote : ' I 'm good , I am just wayyyyyy too tired . '
Max made his living out of investigating UFO sightings and alleged cover-ups .
Recently he was said to be looking into the lives of well-known figures in the worlds of politics , business and entertainment .
His mother believes theories about his death may be true . She said : `` Max was a very fit man who was in good health and yet he apparently just died suddenly on a sofa . ''
`` All I have is a death certificate that is been from natural causes , but no post-mortem was done so how can they tell that ? ''
Blogger Project Camelot wrote : “ The entire circumstances are suspicious and I urge everyone to encourage the release of details about what really happened and call for an autopsy . ”
A message on the conspiracy theory website Bases Project reads : “ Max was a good friend to many of us and he will be greatly missed , please show your respects for him by refraining from gossip and allowing his family and close friends to deal with their loss in peace . RIP Max Spiers . ”
Last week a fund was set up to pay for a memorial service to him . Well-wishers aim to raise £3,000 .
The fund , set up on behalf of Mr Spiers ' mother Vanessa Bates is to pay for a memorial and headstone for him at a church in Canterbury .
A statement on the fundraising page read : `` Max was loved and will be missed by many .
`` Although Max has already been buried they are still in mourning and have no closure at this time as the circumstances of Max 's passing is still not clear .
R Ashwin will miss the entire season of the upcoming IPL for Rising Pune Supergiant because of a sports hernia . Ashwin reported groin pain and has been advised six to eight weeks of rehabilitation , but is expected to regain full fitness ahead of India 's title defence at the Champions Trophy in June .
M Vijay too is in danger of missing the entire tournament for Kings XI Punjab because of wrist and shoulder injuries that he played with for a better part of India 's long home season . Vijay will require surgery to his right wrist and also undergo rehabilitation for his left shoulder and `` may not be able to participate in IPL 2017 , '' a BCCI release said on Saturday * .
Ravindra Jadeja and Umesh Yadav , the BCCI further stated , will need two weeks to recuperate from their respective injuries . Jadeja has `` issues '' with his spinning finger while Umesh reported soreness in his right hip and lower back . Both will miss the first two matches for their respective franchises . Gujarat Lions ' first two matches are on April 7 and 9 before their third on April 14 against Supergiant in Rajkot . Kolkata Knight Riders , the team Umesh represents , also play their first two matches on April 7 and 9 with the third against Kings XI at home on April 13 .
Ashwin , 30 , has had an unprecedented workload during India 's marathon home season that featured 13 Test matches against New Zealand , England , Bangladesh and Australia . During the period , Ashwin bowled 738.2 overs - the most ever by a bowler in a Test season - and picked up a record 82 wickets . Along with Jadeja , Ashwin claimed 153 wickets at an average of 24.14 to become the most successful bowling pair in a season .
Ashwin first picked up the injury immediately after the Test series against England in December . In the aftermath , he withdrew from Tamil Nadu 's Ranji Trophy quarter-final against Karnataka .
Boarding the SS Ste . Claire for Boblo Island in 1973 . ( Credit : Joe Clark/National Archives and Records Administration/Wikimedia Commons )
A Detroit excursion boat that ferried passengers to the Boblo Island amusement park is at risk of being scrapped .
The 105-year-old SS Ste . Claire , which is docked in the Detroit suburb of Ecorse , could be dismantled if owner Ron Kattoo ca n't find it a new home . He says he 's reviewing offers for a possible location .
The Ste . Claire ferried passengers to Boblo Island in the Detroit River along with the SS Columbia . The park closed in 1993 .
The future appears brighter for the Columbia , which is scheduled to be taken from Toledo , Ohio , to Buffalo , New York , this month .
[ All Aboard ! Boblo Boat Memories Wanted For History Film ]
The nonprofit Columbia Project has spent years working on a plan to return the boat to service in the Hudson River Valley .
TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Our writers select the best anime in 3 different categories - the biggest disappointment , the worst anime , anime of the year - as we take a look back at the year in anime .
Selection criteria : Any anime which ended in 2016 is eligible . This includes OVAs and ONAs . Movies will not be included due to the difficulty of watching them abroad , otherwise you can assume Your Name and A Silent Voice probably would have won far more awards .
MAL statistics as of January 2nd , 2017
Biggest Disappointment : Nominations
Scamp : Active Raid
MAL Score : 6.01 | Popularity Ranking : # 1414
I keep forgetting this exists . Or perhaps I 'm trying to forget it happened . I 've mentioned before how big a fan I am of Code Geass , but I 'm equally a huge fan of its director and most everything he has done in the past . So how did his new anime about a robot police crime fighting force in the vein of Patlabor turn out so drab and forgettable ? I think I 'll go back to pretending it does n't exist . I feel happier that way .
Honorable mentions : All Out , Dimension W
Guardian Enzo : Battery
MAL Score : 5.91 | Popularity Ranking : # 1642
I was very tempted to pick Sangatsu no Lion here , but truthfully , as soon as I heard Shaft would be adapting it I figured it was going to be the disaster it turned out to be . I 'll pick Battery , which I went into with big expectations . It was a sports anime based on an award-winning YA novel , airing on NoitaminA , directed by the great Mochizuki Tomomi . And while it had its moments , in the end Battery never seemed to have a clear grasp on what it was trying to accomplish as a series .
Honorable Mention : Sangatsu no Lion , Bungou Stray Dogs
HoyvinGlavin64 : ReZero
MAL Score : 8.62 | Popularity Ranking : # 64
This was an odd sort of disappointment as I had no interest in the show before it started airing ( I prefer my fantasy worlds more Escaflowne , less SAO ) but the hype got to me . Watching the show was an interesting and inconsistent experience . The first half combines interesting character work with dreadful pacing . The second half for the most part is a definite improvement , even if it had one of the most annoying villains ever . My big disappointment , then , was the ending . Without spoiling it , the show 's final scene undid most of the genuinely good thematic work going on up to that point by falling back on the unearned wish fulfillment fantasies the show appeared to be deconstructing up to that point .
Honorable mention : Dimension W
Jankenpopp : Koutetsujou no Kabaneri
MAL Score : 7.38 | Popularity Ranking : # 139
I 've talked before about how disappointing I found Attack on Titan , and Wit 's other foray into the apocalypse let me down for the same reason . It starts strong , dithers for a bit , and then picks up story threads that were never properly part of the tapestry to begin with . I love watching Ikoma put himself through hell to survive , but the stakes never really rise beyond the total loss depicted the first two episodes .
Final Deliberations
Scamp : Good lord we have no consensus here . I 'll say that while Kabaneri was disappointing , there 's still at least half of a good show there and I 'm still on board for a sequel so long as there 's no more Biba . Re Zero I actually think was actually the opposite of disappointing in that it was way better than it had any right to be given that it 's a light novel adaptation about a wise-cracking kid stuck in a fantasy world surrounded by cute girls . Battery is the argument I feel is strongest ( outside of my own nomination of Active Raid of course ) but Enzo tried to talk mess about March which is waaaay better in anime form than manga form and the only reason I 'm not nominating it for a bunch of the best anime categories is because it does n't end this year , so I want to disagree with him on principle . In short , I do n't know who wins this . Discuss it amongst yourselves =D
HoyvinGlavin64 : Like I said , ReZero was better than you 'd think based on the premise but as a whole worse than I 'd have thought based on the hype and the promise it showed throughout that it never consistently fulfilled . I think this might be an area where a lot of us were n't watching the same shows . One I did watch the first episode of and was mildly disappointed ( in as much as I had no expectations but mild optimism , and it turned out to just be kind of stupid ) was Dimension W. If anyone else agrees on that being a disappointment maybe it can lead from behind ?
Guardian Enzo : I dunno - both Kabaneri and Dimension W ended about where I expected them , so I 'd have a hard time supporting either as the pick . But if it 's the only one to get two votes ...
Jankenpopp : a bit of a paradox , this one . On one hand , I do n't in principle pick these shows unless I 've finished them . On the other , I do n't generally finish shows that I feel are going nowhere . I stand by Kabaneri because while there 's half of a good show in there , it 's that half that gets your hopes up onto that precipice . One of these days I 'll get around to completing Re : Zero , but the protagonist feels like a bundle of verbs without clearly defined nouns to wield them . He 's flat , is what I mean to say .
Scamp : Since it was the only one to get two votes , despite not winning one , how do we feel on Dimension W winning ?
HoyvinGlavin64 : Sounds OK with me .
Winner : Dimension W
FUNimation 's first production committee show should have been cool , but was n't . “ I hate coils . ”
Worst Anime : Nominations
Scamp : Big Order
MAL Score : 5.69 | Popularity Ranking : # 692
This was a tough one . Nazotokine was probably the worst anime in the sense that it aimed low and did n't even reach that . But I want to give the award to Big Order instead because it aimed high and failed that much more spectacularly . Yes it failed in more areas because it tried more , but it failed in ALL of them . I struggle to come up with an anime more thoroughly , consistently stupid than Big Order and I 've seen Mad Bull 34 and Garzey 's Wing . It 's an achievement in terribleness that I feel needs to be acknowledged with this award .
Honorable mentions : Nazotokine , Battery
Guardian Enzo : Occultic ; Nine
MAL Score : 7.14 | Popularity Ranking : # 662
Honestly I hate these categories , because I dislike focusing on negatives at year-end and I rarely watch anime I dislike enough to be considered here for long enough to judge . I picked Occultic ; Nine mainly because I hated the premiere ( the only ep I watched ) as much as any episode this season . For me , it represented everything that 's out-of-whack about anime as a medium in 2016 .
HoyvinGlavin64 : Super Lovers
MAL Score : 7.55 | Popularity Ranking : # 1417
Ugh . I do n't really seek out the worst anime and most of the stuff I watched this year was either good or just mediocre , so I went through a number of first episodes of the worst sounding shows for research . My thinking with this pick is that not only is it just a badly written , terribly animated , boringly directed piece of crap , it 's also one of the little anime out there that I can say makes the world a worse place for existing . Pedophiles adopting kids to groom them into “ lovers ” ( er , “ super lovers ” ) : Woody Allen must love this ! How is the MAL score so high ! ? !
Honorable mention : Phantasy Star Online 2 The Animation
Jankenpopp : Big Order
MAL Score : 5.69 | Popularity Ranking : # 692
Those of you who read the first part of this series may notice that I gave this one an honorable mention for Best Writing . I look for innovation in particular when I consider these things - both in good writing and in bad . I 'll give Big Order one thing : whether deliberately or by accident , it succeeds like few other shows this year in being so hideously nonsensical that you ca n't help but laugh .
Final Deliberations
HoyvinGlavin64 : There are different types of bad . Big Order 's of the funny-bad variety and by nature of unintentional entertainment value I do n't know if funny-bad shows can truly be considered the worst . On the other hand there 's boring-bad ( which PSO2 and Super Lovers are both guilty of ) and on some imagined third hand there 's rage-inducing bad ( which is what put Super Lovers over the top ) . At the same time giving something an “ award ” attracts attention to it and though it might be the objective “ worst ” , I do n't know if Super Lovers even deserves that level of attention .
Jankenpopp : Again , there 's so much I have n't seen that I might have not seen something objectively terrible . I may have to go watch Super Lovers for the experience , because it 's not often that a show 's synopsis reminds you of Boku no Pico .
Scamp : On Super Lovers , to be fair to it , the romance part does n't happen until the kid is older and in college . Which is still super weird since he 's in a romantic relationship with his father figure , but not actual pedophilia so I 'll give it that .
Guardian Enzo : I 'd be OK with Super Lovers here , because I did watch it long enough to be disgusted by it . And if you believe the sexual stuff does n't start from when the kid is way , way too young you 're kidding yourself - there 's terrible stuff going on it almost from the beginning of the series . The real shame is that the writing is good enough for it to have been a solid family drama without any of the pedophilia .
HoyvinGlavin64 : From what I 've read about later in the series , when the kid is 16 he gets his first erection ( ? ) and needs the older dude to masturbate for him and yeah , that 's uncomfortably close to if not quite as bad as Boku no Pico territory . But Big Order had more nominations , and considering there are people out there who will seek out whatever we award “ the worst ” , it 's questionable whether it 's a good idea or not to even award something as wretched as Super Lovers . Which leads me to think we give the award to ...
Winner : Big Order
Consider this the “ so bad it 's good ” award . There are anime that are worse to the point of being unwatchable , but Big Order manages to be thoroughly watchable while also being completely awful .
Anime of the Year : Nominations
Scamp : Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu
MAL Score : 8.59 | Popularity Ranking : # 800
Nothing else came close to Rakugo this year for me . Its greatest accomplishment is how well it was able to tell its story using the most subtle of storytelling techniques . The little movements to show nervousness . The flutters under the breath of the voice actors to show their awkwardness . The writing showing how to convey the most complicated emotions with limited amount of dialogue . It 's truly fantastic and easily my anime of the year .
Honorable mentions : Mob Psycho 100 , Yuri on Ice
Guardian Enzo : Udon no Kuni no Kiniro Kemari
MAL Score : 7.79 | Popularity Ranking : # 1426
The truth is I have enormous affection for Udon no Kuni , which is one of the most emotionally authentic anime I 've seen in years . Anime about adult main characters struggling with responsibilities and choices are such a rare thing , and this is a damn good one - using magical realism to shed light on the human condition .
Honorable Mention : Mob Psycho 100 , Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu , Orange , Boku Dake ga Inai Machi
HoyvinGlavin64 : Yuri on Ice
MAL Score : 8.58 | Popularity Ranking : # 431
It was between this and Rakugo . Rakugo might be the better show intellectually , but Yuri grabbed my heart . The anticipation before each new episode and the joy during and after was like nothing I 've experienced for some time in anime . I do n't know how it will age in five or ten years compared to Rakugo , but for now , what can I say ? You only live once .
Honorable mentions : Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu , Mob Psycho 100 , Gundam Thunderbolt , Osomatsu-San
Jankenpopp : Boku Dake ga Inai Machi
MAL Score : 8.65 | Popularity Ranking : # 52
Countdowns like these always make me abundantly aware of how much I 've missed . But it 's been a while since I 've seen an anime I honestly could n't criticize for filler . It 's a tight narrative that recognizes that the world is bigger than the protagonist and his aims , that selflessness is its own reward . Call the storytelling and pacing manipulative if you will , but every character more than earns their ending ... happy and otherwise .
Final Deliberations
Scamp : Looks like it 's either Yuri on Ice , Rakugo or Erased . While Rakugo has my vote , I am totally cool with Yuri winning as it 's either that or Mob Psycho as my # 2 for the year . I strongly vote against Erased because the last 2 episodes are the worst ending in anime all year and one of the worst of all time . It made me question what the hell the writers were supposed to be working towards the whole time and made me doubt any of my previous feelings towards the entire show . And honestly even without the ending , it 's a good show but not near my top 3 anyway .
HoyvinGlavin64 : The ending of Erased was n't that bad , it was just “ obvious killer is obvious ” plus “ the power of friendship saves the day again ” . It was OK for what it was , just nowhere near as clever as the set-up . But it 's definitely not one of my top anime this year because of that ending . If it comes to Rakugo vs. Erased I vote Rakugo .
Guardian Enzo : I can admit it now - this should go to Boku Dake ga Inai Machi . Udon , MP100 and Rakugo each have a good case to make , but in the end Erased is the best series of the year for me when every factor is taken into consideration . It gets my vote .
Jankenpopp : On balance , none of this year 's seasons live up to spring or summer 2015 . I think after a large-scale year of screwball comedy ( Prison School ) and abject tragedy ( Aldnoah.Zero ) , a more intimate thriller like Erased caught me at a good time for a change of pace . Also , I ca n't in good conscience award worst ending to anything but Kabaneri , in part because Shimoneta aired last year .
Winner : Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu
Super close between Rakugo and Erased , but Rakugo squeaks by with more mentions and fewer strong objections . It 's been a good year for anime ( if not much else… ) !
Motorola was one of the world 's leading companies for mobile technology . Cell phones are probably the most well-known product to the wide public . However , Motorola was a multinational telecommunications company and as such was working on many projects such as product lines , software , systems , networks , devices , accessories , and services .
A not so popular fact is that the product because of which the company was named Motorola is a car radio . The whole thing started back in the 1920 's when the company was called Galvin Manufacturing Corporation . As one can expect , the boring corporative name was named after the founder Howard Galvin – a bit boring , right ?
However , the naming origin of Motorola is a bit different . In 1928 two guys from Zenith approached him on business terms and showed their new product – a battery eliminator . Until then , no radios were successfully adapted for usage in the car , so this was a really fresh idea . Eventually , in 1930 the company started producing the car radios . Still they needed a name for this brand-new product . At the time there was a trend in naming brands and it was to put the suffix –ola at the end , e.g . Moviola , Pianola , Victrola , Crayola . Since the radio was interesting for its usage in the car , they went for the word motor . This led to the new brand name Motorola – a name that was so successful that Howard Galvin made it the new company name . Sadly , times change and new companies grow bigger and bigger and outshine older ones . But the name Motorola is carved deep on the wall of the best mobile technology companies .
While so much recent focus on the Dodgers has ( rightfully ) centered on their recent stretch of poor play , how about this ray of sunshine : the club is on the cusp of receiving a nine-win season — the sort of value one can only dependably expect from Mike Trout — from a lone source this year .
Surprisingly , the player responsible for this unusually high level of production is n't Corey Seager or Justin Turner or even Clayton Kershaw . It 's not even a single player , at all , but a combination of two players at one position : catchers Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes . The pair has accounted for 8.1 BWARP , the Baseball Prospectus version of wins above replacement that also accounts for pitch framing .
I 've made my affection for Grandal 's talents well known . But it 's his younger backup — who 's becoming less of a backup and more of a timeshare partner — who 's opening eyes and winning over my heart this season .
Grandal has been worth 4.4 BWARP this season , while Barnes has posted a 3.7 mark in just 225 plate appearances . Over the course of 450 plate appearances ( roughly average for a catcher ) , that equates to 7.4 wins , a total exceeded only by Buster Posey last year among catchers and by just five other players total .
Would he continue this over the course of a full season ? Perhaps not . But it 's an interesting performance from a player who 's exhibited a combination of excellent plate discipline , contact ability , and receiving skills . Among MLB hitters with at least 220 plate appearances this season , he ranks 11th in walk rate ( 15.1 % ) and 16th in zone contact rate ( 93 % ) . It 's roughly the same profile he possessed during his minor-league career .
He 's been consistent throughout the season , too :
I was asked in Monday 's chat if Gary Sanchez has displaced Buster Posey as the game 's top offensive catcher . In Sanchez 's first 162 career games , he hit an astounding 50 home runs . But according to wRC+ , Sanchez is n't even the best offensive catcher in his first full season in 2017 . That distinction is held by Barnes , who towed a whopping wRC+ of 140 into play Thursday . Grandal , after posting a 121 wRC+ last season , has a mark of 98 this season .
Barnes is warranting more and more playing time .
While Grandal is one of the best framers in baseball , if not the best receiver , Barnes is also excellent . The former ranks second in framing per-game value among catchers who have received at least 1,000 pitches this season , while the latter ranks fifth , according to StatCorner .
Over the last week of play , Barnes has made three starts while Grandal has made three , as well .
Entering play Thursday , Barnes had made 99 plate appearances in the second half of the season and produced a .309/.434/.383 slash line . What 's also notable is that Barnes has a 15.2 % walk rate in the second half and a 11.1 % strikeout rate . Grandal has had 161 second-half plate appearances and has slumped , batting .207 . In the first half , Barnes recorded 126 plate appearances and Grandal made 280 .
So Grandal enjoyed nearly 70 % of the playing time in the first half , but that number has fallen to 62 % in the second . The Dodgers had used Barnes to spell Grandal against some left-handed pitching , but Barnes ' role continues to grow . In fact , Dodgers manager Dave Roberts told Bill Shaikin of the L.A. Times this week that Barnes could become the club 's primary catcher in the postseason .
“ If you 're looking to win 11 games in October , there needs to be consideration of who gives you the best chance to win that particular game , ” manager Dave Roberts said Wednesday . “ Austin deserves that consideration . He 's earned it. ” Barnes is batting .297 with six home runs and an .887 on-base-plus-slugging percentage , the highest of any National League catcher with at least 200 plate appearances . In September , Grandal has one hit in 30 at-bats , with 16 strikeouts . “ I fully expect Yasmani to get on track , ” Roberts said .
In other words , this 27-year-old rookie is playing so well that he could become a postseason starter for the National League 's best team over a player who has routinely been one of baseball 's top catchers .
But Barnes is exceptional in a number of ways . He is , for example , an excellent athlete who has also played some in the middle infield . Barnes has recorded 49 innings at second base this season , posting a 10 UZR/150 and +1 DRS in a limited sample there .
The Dodgers ' weakest positions according to FanGraphs WAR are second base ( 2.5 ) , right field ( 2.5 ) , and first base ( 2.1 ) . Cody Bellinger has turned around the club 's first-base production since his late-April promotion . But perhaps Barnes could see more time at second base , where Logan Forsythe has been serviceable but not spectacular since being acquired from Tampa Bay in the offseason .
Grandal and Barnes are two of the Dodgers ' best position players . Ideally , a club would find a way to get both in the lineup more often . And thanks to Barnes ' versatility and athleticism , there 's perhaps a path to do just that .
With Grandal set to become a free agent after the 2018 season in an industry that now values framing , the 27-year-old Barnes might be the future starter at the position . Maybe even the immediate future . But in the short term , there 's also a way to get Barnes and Grandal on the field , together , more often . Even the Dodgers , leading the NL in wins despite their skid , need every bit of extra value they can find .
The Dodgers ought to find some more time , somewhere , for Austin Barnes .
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . — A Missouri lawmaker has filed a bill that would allow any legal gun owner to carry a concealed weapon without a CCW permit , eliminating all criminal penalties associated with failing to obtain a permit for a concealed weapon .
Rep. Eric Burlison , a Springfield Republican , filed HB1250 last week . Burlison 's bill eliminates requirements to obtain a CCW permit before carrying a concealed weapon . Under current Missouri law , gun owners may legally “ open carry ” a weapon anywhere that does not expressly forbid the practice , but must obtain a CCW permit to carry their weapon in a concealed fashion , such as under a coat or in a purse .
“ Right now we 're basically having people get a background check and training in order to put a piece of clothing over something , ” Burlison told The Missouri Times . “ Right now you can buy a gun and carry it , but you can not conceal and carry it . The permit allows you to put clothing over a gun that you already have a constitutional right to carry . ”
Missourians must currently undergo a background check through their local sheriff 's office and submit to brief gun training before legally carrying a concealed weapon in the state . Burlison likened the process to an arbitrary burden on a fundamental right , saying he 'd originally crafted the bill a few years ago , but decided to offer it this year in light of the passage of Amendment 5 on the ballot in 2015 .
Amendment 5 requires courts to apply a “ strict scrutiny ” analysis to gun-related regulation and states that gun ownership is an “ inalienable right . ”
Amendment 5 has already caused waves in Missouri . Earlier this month , a St. Louis judge ordered charges dropped against a suspect who was arrested after police received a tip that he was in illegal possession of a firearm . The suspect , Raymond Robinson , was a convicted felon .
A ruling issued by St. Louis Circuit Judge Robert Dierker states while Robinson has not been a “ model citizen , ” the state of Missouri has not presented a compelling governmental interest to deprive Robinson of that right and charge him with a crime . Burlison noted that the case was particularly ironic , given that Robinson 's previous felony charge was in 2003 for carrying a concealed weapon without a valid CCW permit .
Robinson 's case ignited opponents of the gun legislation , who said the ruling would allow for more felons to keep weapons .
“ About a year ago , my office and others warned Sen. Kurt Schaefer and the Missouri General Assembly that a then-proposed Constitutional Amendment could raise new , deadly concerns for law-abiding citizens , ” said Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker in a piece she penned for the Kansas City Star . “ Now I 'm disheartened to see that those warnings may be coming true . ”
But Burlison said the case is indicative of Missouri 's odd contradiction in gun law . If Burlison 's bill had been law in 2003 , Robinson would have not been in violation of the law , and would n't have been a convicted felon when arrested earlier this year with a weapon . In fact , Robinson 's case may provide just the judicial basis Burlison needs to avoid passing his bill altogether .
“ Depending on how this case continues to be decided , this bill may become unnecessary , ” Burlison said , indicating that if courts rule that CCW requirements violate a constitutional right to possess a weapon , his bill would not be needed .
Democrats and gun control supporters howl that Burlison 's bill will allow more potentially dangerous people without adequate training to carry weapons .
“ There 's pretty widespread support for background checks and basic training before someone can be issued a concealer carry license , ” said Rep. Jon Carpenter , D-Kansas City . “ I think those are common sense provisions we need to maintain . I think there should be background checks and a basic level of training across the board . ”
But Burlison calls much of the objection a “ false premise ” and says it 's inaccurate to assume that a legal gun owner is “ by-definition ” unsafe . Criminals , Burlison said , will always have their weapons , and wo n't care about the law . Democrats , on the other hand , see Burlison 's bill and increasing the accessibility of guns as inherently unsafe .
“ While kids are being gunned down in our streets , it seems like the only solution House Republicans have is to throw more guns at the issue , ” said Rep. Jeremy LaFaver , a Kansas City Democrat . “ This is just another example of the extremist agenda that Missouri Republicans are pushing . ”
Burlison says he 's gotten mixed responses on his bill . Some of his constituents , like the ones who have regularly asked him through social media to carry this very bill , have expressed gratitude . Others are concerned about public safety . Burlison chided the Kansas City Star for running an editorial referring to himself and his supporters as “ gun nuts . ”
“ It 's hypocritical for a newspaper to use that kind of language , ” Burlison said . “ It 's also intellectually weak . Using intellectually weak , ad hominem arguments is n't how a publication should be operating . ”
Burlison , who is in his final term , has offered a handful of pieces of gun legislation before , including an effort early during his time in the legislature to lower the minimum eligible age for a CCW permit , and a now-infamous video in which Burlison took a gun control bill to a firing range and riddled it with bullets . The Springfield Republican is also mulling a potential run for the senate in 2016 , something he said he has n't made up his mind on .
HB1250 has not yet been referred to committee , but Burlison said he 's hopeful the issue will come up following the legislative spring break next week .
Between the Steubenville verdict , the CNN coverage , and the eerily accurate Onion video from 2011 , we have been talking a lot about rape and sexual assault . And with the various articles which called for a changing of the discourse from “ how women can protect themselves from the inevitable sexual assaults which will befall them if they step out of line ” to “ how we can teach men that sexual assault is unacceptable and consent is always necessary , ” there came the inevitable comments which attempted to poke holes in that train of logic .
The comparisons were often made between “ telling murderers not to murder , ” or “ telling thieves not to steal ” ( perceived as ludicrous and ineffective ) and “ telling rapists not to rape. ” The idea is that sexual assault , like any crime , is one that happens as a result of bad people who are just going to do bad things . They know that what they are doing is wrong , and against the law , and harmful to another human being — they just do n't care . One person mentioned how they always buckle their seatbelt because , though they are personally a very safe driver , they know that there will be other people on the road who do not respect driving regulations or choose to drive under the influence . The idea is that we are all reinforcing our windows before a storm , one that we can not control , one that is determined to hit us and leaves us only the choice of preparing for the blow .
The thing is , I used to think this way , too . I used to believe that there were two groups of people : criminals , and regular human beings who were not interested in committing crimes . For me , the best course of action was always to take as many precautions as possible . I felt that it was a woman 's responsibility to not get too drunk and to dress in a more conservative way , much as I felt that it was everyone 's job to lock their car doors and do n't leave any valuables out if they do n't want to get it broken into . And while this clearly makes sense for things like car theft or even muggings — there are precautions we can all take that will drastically reduce our chances of being victims of certain kinds of crimes — the analogy falls profoundly short when it comes to sexual assault .
For most crimes , we are fairly clear as a society about what they consist of and how to define them . We know what theft is , we know what murder is , we know what carjacking is . While there will always be differences in judicial interpretation or how severely a given jurisdiction believes they should be punished , we generally know what they look like and not to engage in them ourselves . For most crimes , it would be fair to say that there are often “ bad people ” who are actively choosing to commit a crime and are doing it in full knowledge of the illegality and the danger it presents to others . For rape and sexual assault , though , the terms in which we 've chosen to define it are so narrow as to exclude a huge amount of the actual crimes which take place .
We raise people ( most often men , to be sure , but people of all genders can be both the victim and the aggressor ) to believe that rape is a very specific crime which happens when a stranger forces himself on a woman in a dark alley against her will . It is repeatedly framed in this way , and rarely are the myriad other ways in which we can violate another person sexually discussed . This leads to countless “ normal , good ” people who will engage in a sex act with someone who can not or has not provided consent , who is perhaps even moderately resisting , and think that it is a perfectly healthy example of what sex can look like . Because we do n't often enforce the idea that rape can happen between friends , at a party , within a marriage , or in any combination of genders , we leave many people believing that what happened to them ( or what they enacted on another person ) is not at all a crime .
Part of my unlearning of this idea that we should be teaching people to avoid rape involved realizing how little of it we ever really acknowledge . We are so quick to analyze the victim in these cases and look for any reason to discount her experience that we are only prepared to hold on a pedestal those few cases which follow the “ stranger-in-the-bushes ” narrative . But the reality is that treating a crime as serious as this in such limited terms only means that , unlike other crimes , we are not “ teaching ” the criminals not to engage in it . We are not putting the stigma and clear definitions on it that we do with murder or drunk driving — we are allowing only a sliver of its manifestations to be acknowledged and condemned . And because of this , the “ teach rapists not to rape ” concept is an attempt to start that comprehensive education where there previously was confusion and exemption .
All victims deserve to know that their pain was real and will be met with justice . All young people deserve to grow up in a world which encourages healthy , consensual pleasure and does not allow them to be criminals and attackers without even understanding what they are doing . This kind of discourse around rape and sexual assault is essential , and needs to start with enforcing the same kind of clear , bold stigma on all forms of this crime that we do on so many others . Because it is simply too easy to pretend , when presented with what rape culture means , that rape is “ just like any other crime , ” even when we know that society has always refused to treat it as such .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
What can you tell about a restaurant from its menu ? A lot more than what 's cooking . That 's what linguist Dan Jurafsky reveals in his new book , The Language of Food : A Linguist Reads the Menu .
Jurafsky , a professor of linguistics at Stanford , looked at hundreds of examples of food language—from menus to marketing materials to restaurant reviews . Along the way , he uncovered some fascinating patterns . For example : In naming foods , he explains , marketers often appeal to the associations that we already have with certain sounds . Crackers and other crispy foods tend to have names with short , front-of-the-mouth vowels ( Ritz , Cheez-Its , Triscuits ) , while rich and heavy foods have longer vowels that we form in the back of our mouth ( Rocky Road , Jamoca Almond Fudge ) . He also describes the shared linguistic heritage of some of the most common food words . Take salad , sauce , slaw , and salsa : All come from the Latin word sal , meaning “ salted . ”
But it 's Jurafsky 's menu analysis that really stands out . Where most of us see simply a list of dishes , Jurafsky identifies subtle indicators of the image that a restaurant is trying to project—and which customers it wants to lure in . I asked Jurafsky to examine the menus of Taco Bell and its new upscale spinoff , US Taco Co. , whose first location just opened in Southern California .
We started with Taco Bell 's breakfast menu . Of course , everyone knows that the Tex-Mex fast food chain is n't exactly fine dining , but Jurafsky pointed to some hidden hallmarks of down-market eateries ' menus .
The first thing that Jurafsky noticed about Taco Bell 's menu was its size : There are dozens , if not hundreds of items . “ The very , very fancy restaurants , many of them have no menu at all , ” Jurafsky says . “ The waiter tells you what you 're going to eat , kind of . If you want , they 'll email you a menu if you really want it . ”
Next , Jurafsky picked up on descriptors . “ So there 's all of those adjectives and participles , ” he says . “ ‘ Fluffy . ‘ Seasoned . ' ” That 's one thing that 's common on cheaper restaurant menus—as if the restaurant feels the need to try and convince its diners of the quality of the food . A fancier restaurant , he explains , would take it as a given that the diner expects the eggs to be fluffy and the pico de gallo to be freshly prepared .
“ Notice the word ‘ flavorful , ' ” Jurafsky says . “ The cheapest restaurants use these vague , positive adjectives . ‘ Delicious . ' ‘ Tasty . ' ‘ Scrumptious . ' Wonderful . Again , more expensive restaurants take all that as a given . ”
“ The description specifies ‘ real cheddar cheese . ' Just like all the other adjectives , ‘ real ' tells you that they think customers are assuming that the cheese is not real , so they have to tell you that it is. ” Also , note that the word “ jalapeño ” is missing its tilde—the little squiggle over the “ n ” that signifies a “ nye ” pronunciation in Spanish words . Jurafsky is n't sure whether the missing “ ñ ” is linguistically meaningful , but keep it in mind , because it will become important when we look at US Taco Co. 's menu .
The words “ double portion ” and “ lots ” are also typical on the menus of cheap restaurants , says Jurafsky . “ They want you to know you 're getting enough food for your money . ”
Next , we turned to US Taco Co. :
“ This is a hipster menu , ” Jurafsky says . “ This is n't a linguistics thing , but there 's a Day of the Dead skull on top and the desserts are served in mason jars . I mean , how hipster can you get ? ”
Let 's take a closer look at some of the menu items :
“ What the really upscale restaurants these days are doing is just listing their ingredients . They do n't say “ and ” or “ with. ” It 's just a list . They 're also using nonstandard capitalization , everything lower case or everything upper case , for example . Here they 're making everything upper case . On the Taco Bell menu , they used standard capitalization . ”
Also , in “ Wan na Get Lei 'd ” there 's a reference to sex . Jurafsky explains that we often use sex metaphors to talk about fancy food , while for cheaper food , the metaphor of choice is often drugs . “ The wings are addictive , or the chocolate must have crack , ” he says . “ There 's something about inexpensive foods that make us feel guilty . Talking about it in terms of drugs lets us put the responsibility on the food , not on ourselves . ”
“ There are more unusual Spanish words on this menu , ” he says . Taco Bell has “ burrito ” and “ taco. ” Everyone knows those . But “ here we have ‘ molcajete ' and ‘ cotija . ' Every item has at least one Spanish word . And there 's the “ ñ ” in jalapeño ! For Taco Bell , there might be tension between English and Spanish . In a hipster place , it 's okay to be authentic . ”
Of course , says Jurafsky , language trends are always evolving . What we consider hipster menu language now is not the same as it was a few decades ago . In his book , Jurafsky notes that for most of the last century , trendy restaurants used French words to signify their status ( think au jus , a la mode , and sur le plat ) . To the modern ear , these sound pretentious . Today 's fashionable restaurant menus have replaced French phrases with “ carefully selected obscure food words and pastoral images of green pastures and heirloom vegetables , ” he writes . That is , “ if they offer you a menu at all . ”
Manufacturer posted a slight profit for same period of last year , but tough market saw revenue almost half to £400 million
HTC has posted quarterly losses for the second consecutive quarter after seeing revenue halve to NT $ 21.40 billion ( £430 million ) for its third quarter .
The Taiwanese manufacturer posted operating losses of NT $ 4.94 billion ( £100 million ) for the three months ending September 30 , compared with operating profit of NT $ 0.16 billion ( £3.2 million ) during the same period last year .
Net losses before tax was NT $ 4.49 billion , down from profits of NT $ 0.64 billion in Q3 last year , though lower than the losses posted in Q2 , when HTC blamed lower demand of its high-end range for net losses of NT $ 8.0 billion .
It comes less than two months after the manufacturer announced plans to cut its workforce by up to 35 per cent as part of a cost cutting exercise .
HTC was unavailable for further comment on its latest financial results .
by Allen St. Pierre , Former NORML Executive Director
In a clear departure from his more socially conservative top-of-the-ticket running mate Mitt Romney , vice presidential candidate Congressman Paul Ryan , in an interview this afternoon on KRDO in Colorado Springs , when confronted with a question about whether or not he supported patients in Colorado having legal access to cannabis for medical purposes , Ryan said that although he personally opposes medical cannabis use he would defer to the judgment of each state to make up its own mind on the issue .
Watch KRDO video here .
Of course , Representative Ryan 's public policy position , as articulated here , is not much different in scope or tone from what George W. Bush and President Barack Obama claimed too when running for president , only to commit significant Department of Justice resources in closing down hundreds of otherwise lawful , state-compliant medical cannabis dispensaries .
Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has historically opposed any legal access to medical cannabis and rejects states ' efforts to create policies different then the federal government 's . At the 2:35 mark in the video capture below from an interview Governor Romney gave to a Denver TV station during the primaries , he not only affirmed his opposition to even medical access to cannabis ( which approximately 75 % of the American population supports ) , but is equally dismissive of states ' efforts to come up with alternative public policies to that of the fed 's abject failure .
Looks like Romney and Ryan are not exactly two cannabis seeds in a pod…
Green Party Leader Elizabeth May says that if Stephen Harper wins a minority government , she is prepared to call the Governor General and ask that she be given time to mediate a coalition with the opposition parties and ensure the Conservatives do n't take power .
`` Well , I disagree with the term 'win ' in terms of minority , '' said May , who sat down with CBC News chief correspondent Peter Mansbridge for the last in a series of four interviews with the party leaders . `` The opposition parties have a choice . ''
May said she does n't like it when opposition parties `` skip that step '' when they could go to the Governor General to try to form a government .
The opposition parties , in a minority government situation , can approach the Governor General and say they would like the opportunity to form government , even if none of those parties individually have won the most seats . Harper , NDP Leader Tom Mulcair and Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau have all said that in a minority situation , the party that wins the most seats gets the first chance at governing .
But May does n't agree .
`` When I went to the election night party May 2nd , 2011 , and I did n't at that point have any expectations of winning more than my own seat , I had the phone number for Rideau Hall with me so that I could put in that call that night if it was a minority Parliament , '' May said. ``
May said that she did n't want to see the Conservatives form a minority government `` simply because the NDP and the Liberals were paralyzed by their hyper-partisan dislike for each other . ''
Willing to be matchmaker
If that 's the case again come Oct. 19 , May said , she 's willing to be a mediator or matchmaker between the NDP and Liberals to get them to work together .
Mansbridge asked May what credibility she would need to have the Governor General take her call . She said constitutionally he would have to .
`` In our system of government , the Governor General would take my call . Any member of Parliament who wants time , as the leader of a party , to talk about presenting to our head of state , Her Majesty , through the Governor General a more durable , productive Parliament . ''
However , May said the Green Party would not be part of any coalition and would remain an opposition party that 's able to hold the government to account . ''
But she does have a list of demands if she held the balance of power .
`` Short list — get rid of first past the post . Bring in proportional representation , repeal Bill C-51 , reduce the powers of the Prime Minister 's Office , because they are illegitimate and unhealthy , and real climate action beginning the day after the election . We have to get to work to prepare for the deadline negotiations that will take place in Paris . ''
The Green Party currently has three members who were MPs in the last Parliament . While May said her dream is to get a total of 30 seats in the election , she believes her party will more likely net 12 to 15 .
May laid out her party 's platform this week , saying she wants to eliminate university and college tuition fees , expand Canada 's rail and urban transit systems and halt the use of fossil fuels by mid-century .
May said she supports keeping the child-care benefit subsidy and making no changes to GST , but would scrap the Tories ' income-splitting plan , keeping it only for retired seniors on their pensions .
She said the tax-free savings account limit should drop back down to $ 5,500 , having been raised to $ 10,000 in the last budget . And the corporate tax rate , currently at 15 per cent , should be raised to 19 per cent , she said , the same as it was in 2009 .
May agreed that on those points , she shares similar views with the NDP and Liberals . But she said issues like electoral reform and restoring parliamentary democracy are far more important .
`` If we can rescue democracy from politics in this country , that 's far more meaningful than whether there 's a deficit here or there or the tax rate is 19 or 18 per cent . ''
His death is reportedly the first time in 40 years that a Cuban political prisoner has succumbed during a hunger protest .
The news was first carried on Cuban exile radio stations based in southern Florida , which broadcast an interview with his mother , Reina Luisa Tamayo .
'Assassination '
`` We can consider it a judicial assassination , '' Elizardo Sanchez , head of the Havana-based independent Cuban Commission on Human Rights and National Reconciliation , was quoted as saying in UNFree Media Americas , a blog by local journalists .
Zapata Tamayo was arrested in 2003 on charges of disrespecting authority and sentenced to three years in jail .
`` The dissident 's condition and fate are the Castro brothers ' doing . The murder by the tyrant Fidel Castro and his cowardly jailers will never be forgotten '' Lincoln Diaz-Balart ,
US congressman
The term was later extended to 25 years , partly due to his political activism while behind bars said Sanchez
He added that Zapata Tamayo 's family first announced last week that prison doctors had told them he was gravely ill .
Hours after the news spread several US legislators issued separate statements blaming the Cuban leadership for the activist 's death .
Lincoln Diaz-Balart , a Republican from Florida and the nephew of the ex-wife of Fidel Castro , Cuba 's former president , said in the US congress that the dissident 's `` condition and fate are the Castro brothers ' doing '' .
He later declared that the `` murder by the tyrant Fidel Castro and his cowardly jailers will never be forgotten '' .
Bill Nelson , a Florida senator , said `` freedom-loving people everywhere should hold the Cuban regime responsible for the fate of Orlando Zapata Tamayo '' .
`` His reported death today is a sad reminder of the tragic cost of oppression and a dictatorship that devalues human life , '' he added .
Kendrick Meek , a Democratic legislator from Florida , said : `` The Cuban government 's stunning lack of respect for human rights was highlighted by Orlando as much in his life as in his death . ''
I could list lots of theoretical reasons for my support of a Basic Income Guarantee ( BIG ) but a lot of others have done this already , possibly much better than I could ( for example here , lots more here , or listen to this ) . So , I want to share my personal reasons for why I want a BIG , how my life would be positively impacted by having a bottom under my feet .
Basically , I am burned out from trying to do it all on my own . Yet , I can not take a break , or even slow down , because I have to earn money to live . That 's just how the system works . I tried and failed to get around that . It just burned me out more .
What burned me out ? Being in a career that was wrong for me , a career I picked because I had been discouraged to pursue what my heart was longing to do ( “ there 's no money in it ! ” ) . Actually , I never was supported in fully figuring out what I really long to do . On top of a career that burned me out , I raised a child by myself , not only without help from his father but with constant interference from him . As child support , I basically got peanuts . I paid to fight in court for everything from visiting my parents with their only grandchild to letting this child see a counselor so he could better deal with the damage caused by time with his father . Things got really bad when I supported my young teenage son to follow his heart and no longer spend time with his father . His father blamed me , so the whole thing landed in court . Courts do n't really give a child , no matter what age , a say , so he had a case .
When my son graduated from high school , I decided to take the leap and change my life . I figured I was done raising a child and dealing with an abusive guy who , now that the child was an adult , had no longer power over me . At least so I thought . He filed one more petition around our son 's 19th birthday : To get me to pay for his court costs . Fortunately , the court did n't agree , $ 3000 in legal fees later . Now I really was done with that , so I thought .
I did n't realize that I had to heal from all that !
I had to heal from all the damage to myself from living with cognitive dissonance working for a company whose values were contrary to mine . I had to heal from several relationships with men that were unhealthy , often abusive . I had to heal from a couple of decades of chronic stress from the almost constant court action ( or threat thereof ) , of unjustified police visits , of defending myself against false accusations . I had to heal from doing it all largely alone , with little support other than financial support from my parents , which was hugely important , especially given that my legal expenses were upward of $ 200,000 for divorce and aftermath . This support , money that I had planned to use in retirement , also helped me live without earning money while working toward and finishing a thesis on a topic close to my heart and life , trying to realign my life with my values by earning a second masters degree .
Unfortunately , I did n't fully understand how much healing I have to do , so instead of spending my energy on that , I tried – and failed – to build my own business . That burned me out even more . My body seems to be slowly falling apart with psychosomatic symptoms of stress and trauma . At least on some level .
On other levels , I am getting stronger , fitter than I have ever been . I discovered belly dance . It seems like I have always been a dancer – I just did n't know that until I turned 40 . And I did n't discover my passion for belly dance until very recently . It took yet another unhealthy relationship with a man that left me with more wounds , often going deeper than older ones because he had claimed to help me heal . Only when I ended that relationship and yet again dusted myself off to venture on did I see the benefits of having passion in my life . It did n't have to be tied to a person . I did n't want to risk that again .
So , yes , I am tired . I want to relax , live , and even thrive . And I want to contribute . Oh , how much I long to contribute ! I want to do that differently than the standard 9-to-5 option so that I can respect my body 's limits rather than pushing against them . Working part-time now , I am not sure if I could sustain a full-time job ( unless I could take naps , maybe… ) . I do n't earn enough working part-time to stop depleting my savings . I also dream of turning my passion for belly dance into a way of healing myself and then help others heal , transforming our traumas into thriving lives . And not have to turn that into a money-making venture . I do n't dare pursue that dream because I have no safety net . Nobody to support me with the basics . Too traumatized and too intellectually opposed to pursue the panacea given by our cultural narrative : Marriage . I have a sense if I had that kind of support guaranteed without having to be part of an institution I do n't support , if I had a basic income guarantee , I could fly . And rest when I needed to…
Instead , I can not even relax because if I take time to heal I will continue the chronic stress created by worrying about how to survive when my savings run out . Not exactly an environment conducive to healing . So , I will have to fit the healing into time left by a job , hopefully finding one that wo n't further deplete me . Still . I wo n't fly . I 'll crawl .
I support a Basic Income Guarantee , not because I think my situation is particularly unique . Actually , I probably have enough privilege to get by on my own ( I have turned a doctor 's appointment into a part-time job , after all ) . I also know a lot of people have gone through way more than I have .
That is where the theory meets story . To use a ( bad ? ) pun : BIG is bigger than me . You do n't get a BIG because you deserve it or earned it ( or how else you want to linguistically hide your privilege ) . BIG does not discriminate . You get it because you are alive ; because as a society , we have decided to support each other in following our dreams . All of us . Whether you were lucky enough to be born with privilege or not . That will be a society where we fully accept that being interdependent means being responsible for each other 's well-being .
BIG ensures that all of us have a chance at living a life without fear of poverty ( and it 's comorbitities , like lack of health care ) .
And yet , stories tend to move us more than theory . So , I decided to share my personal story of how BIG would support me .
Astaxanthin has been a hot topic in the health community for a few years now , though its popularity seems to have wained a little bit lately . Supplementation with astaxanthin may have a number of positive health benefits , including protection against sun damage and reduction of inflammation . In this article I will explore a few of the most important health benefits that have been associated with astaxanthin and discuss why I believe you should very much consider daily supplementation .
* Update 2018 : If you are looking for a good quality Astaxanthin supplement , check out my Astaxanthin comparison & review article before you buy !
What is Astaxanthin ?
Astaxanthin is a carotenoid that can be found in salmon , crab , lobster , algae and shrimp . A carotenoid is a colored , fat-soluble pigment . These pigments are what make a ripe tomato look red and a salmon 's meat red/pink .
Astaxanthin does not just give color to certain fish 's flesh and shell , but also supports good health of these animals . It is believed that astaxanthin aides in providing salmon with the muscle endurance ( the highest concentration of astaxanthin is found in their muscles ) that allows them to swim upstream .
Several studies show that astaxanthin acts as a very powerful antioxidant when consumed by humans . Different from most other antioxidants , astaxanthin never turns into a pro-oxidant - it never becomes an exhausted oxidant .
Numerous astaxanthin benefits that have been indicated by research include : pain relief , better eye health , elevated stamina , body cell protection , sun damage reduction and improved skin health .
What are The Benefits of Astaxanthin ?
Reduction of Pain and Inflammation
Astaxanthin has been shown to support pain relief and helps reduce inflammation by blocking body chemicals that cause pain . It also helps reduce inflammatory amalgams that play a big role in a number of chronic diseases .
Astaxanthin has a very similar effect on the human body to certain prescription painkillers , but unlike painkillers , Astaxanthin is a completely natural substance and does n't carry any of the risks that go along with painkillers such as addiction , heartburn and gastrointestinal bleeding . Astaxanthin works very much like the painkiller Celebrex ( blocking COX 2 enzymes ) , which is a very popular drug that is often prescribed for rheumatoid arthritis , osteoarthritis and monthly dysmenorrhea .
Astaxanthin also represses C Reactive Protein ( CRP ) , nitric oxide , prostaglandin E2 , tumor necrosis factor alpha , and interleukin 1B . One study showed that astaxanthin lowers CRP levels by over 20 percent in 8 weeks , which no drug sold today has managed to accomplish . High CRP levels have been shown to be a strong indicator of heart disease .
Astaxanthin Improves Eye Health
Several human trials indicate that astaxanthin has positive effects on eye health , more specifically on eye fatigue , sharpness of sight , macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy .
Astaxanthin Improves Stamina
Astaxanthin helps with quicker recovery after exercise . Research indicates that astaxanthin provides higher endurance , better muscle recovery , improved strength and higher energy .
Astaxanthin Aides Cell Clean Up
Astaxanthin is one of the most powerful antioxidants because the carotenoid manages to get into just about every cell of the body and protect it completely . One part of the astaxanthin molecule helps protect the fat-soluble part of a body cell , while the other part shields the water-soluble part , thus protecting the entire cell .
One study indicated that astaxanthin is about 6000 times more powerful than vitamin C , 800 times more powerful than CoQ10 and 550 times more powerful than vitamin E .
Glowing Skin and Sun Protection From Within
Astaxanthin helps keep your skin healthy and looking good . Your skin is the body 's largest organ and its healthiness is very important for your overall health . A number of studies have shown that astaxanthin can help keep your skin more elastic , moist , smooth and reduce small wrinkles , freckles and sun spots .
Astaxanthin helps protect you from the damage that the sun 's rays can cause to the skin . When you get a sunburn , astaxanthin gets into the damaged skin cells and lessens UV damage .
Astaxanthin helps me combat the small discomforts that are inevitable when leading a very active life and spending a lot of time outdoors . It helps reduce small aches , prevents and soothes sunburn and protects my eyes .
Astaxanthin Side Effects
There are very few side effects that have been correlated with consumption of astaxanthin , even at high dosages . However , there is still a lot of research necessary to be able to ascertain all possible side-effects of astaxanthin .
Before starting to supplement with astaxanthin it is advisable to consult with your physician . If you start supplementing and experience any side-effects you should contact your doctor immediately and stop supplementation . Here are a few precautions to consider before taking astaxanthin .
Do n't take astaxanthin if you are aware of any allergies to astaxanthin or other related carotenoids such as canthaxanthin or to Haematococcus pluvialis , which is often the source of astaxanthin .
Be careful if you have a bleeding disorder because astaxanthin may affect this .
It is possible that astaxanthin lowers your blood sugar levels . Be careful if you suffer from diabetes , hypoglycaemia or take drugs or other supplements that impact blood sugar .
Astaxanthin could induce low blood pressure .
If you currently take any medications , consult with your doctor before taking astaxanthin .
If you are pregnant or trying to get pregnant , consult with your physician before supplementing .
Use cautiously if you take beta-carotene supplements as astaxanthin may alter beta-carotene conversion .
Astaxanthin Dosage
Here 's an idea for those of you who are looking for photography clients of any kind : Offer portraits and other kinds of photographs at your local farmers market for a nickel .
In the above video by Michael Hanson for the NYTimes , architect John Morefield describes how he offers architecture advice at his local farmers market for a nickel . While a whole day of doing this might net less than a dollar , Hanson found 100 % of his work for a year using this creative way to connect with potential clients .
Photographers might be able to do the same thing . Why not set up a booth in your local farmers market and offer portraits or photography help/advice for 5 cents ? You could take down email addresses , pass out business cards , and later email photographs to your nickel “ clients ” . If 5 cents created too much work in terms of emailing photographs , you could increase the price or tweak the strategy to your liking .
( via A Photo Editor )
0 of 8
When final cuts come around every year in the NFL , fans and analysts alike weigh in on certain players who get cut and where they may end up , if anywhere .
With these cuts , there seem to always be mistakes made by the front office that seem to upset the fan faithful of just about every particular team . In this case , the Denver Broncos are no different .
One of the hardest days in all sports is the day that professional hopefuls ' dreams are crushed because they came up short . In the NFL , training camps consist of 90+ players battling for over a month only to have a little less than half be cut from their squad .
It is a tough time even for the players that do make the squad , as they have to say goodbye to the relationships they have created . However , at the end of the day , it is a business and in a business there are no feelings or dreams .
With all that said , the Broncos are not an exception to the rule and they undoubtedly made their own blunders . It may not show now , but could down the road . Let us take a look at what the Broncos did wrong on cut down day .
A group of men has claimed that the body of a 35-year-old man found on railway tracks in Rajasthan 's Alwar was that of their relative 's and alleged that he was shot dead by cow vigilantes for transporting cattle , triggering tension in the region .
Police , however , said they were investigating two different cases — that of the man 's body found on tracks in Ramgarh area on Friday , and that of a badly-damaged pickup van with five cows and a dead one found about 15 km away in Fahadi village of Govind Garh area on the same day — and refused to draw connections between the two for now .
Maulana Haneef , a social worker , said the body belonged to Umar Mohammed , a dairy farmer who along with Tahir Khan and Jabba were taking their pet cows to Ghat Mika village from Bharatpur on Friday night when some people opened fire on them near Govindgarh , killing Mohammad on the spot .
Tahir Khan suffered a bullet wound and was taken to a hospital in Ferozepur in Haryana while Jabba was not traceable , he said .
Jamshed Khan , village head of Tuleda , who is leading the Meo community in a sit-in outside the local hospital mortuary , said VHP workers were behind the shooting , although it was a matter of investigation as to how Mohammed 's body was found on railway tracks , far from the place of incident .
“ The Meo community will not accept the corpse until and unless the perpetrators are brought to justice . Till then , we will be sitting on dharna outside the hospital gates , ” he said .
Anil Beniwal , assistant superintendent of police , Alwar ( south ) , said the whole incident was being wrongly presented by combining two different incidents .
“ We have found one body in Ramgarh on Railway tracks while police has found five cows and one dead cow in a pickup near Govindgarh , ” he said .
“ These two are different occurrences while the victim party is viewing them in concurrence , which is a matter of investigation . Victim party is claiming that a group of gau rakshaks ( cow vigilantes ) attacked them and they were taking the name of one Rakesh repeatedly , ” said Beniwal .
Ramgarh station house officer , Ajit Singh said the body found on tracks had several injuries on it , suggesting that a train had passed over it .
Police said it was so mangled that they could not confirm whether it had bullet injuries .
ASP Beniwal said efforts are being made to identify the deceased and the body would be sent to Jaipur for post mortem , only after which it would be confirmed whether the body “ sustained bullet injuries ” .
“ This is a repeat of the Pehlu Khan incident as these men were also attacked while transporting cattle , ” said Haneef .
In April this year , Pehlu Khan , a 55-year-old dairy farmer from Haryana was lynched by an angry mob in Alwar 's Behror when he was transporting cattle .
“ This was a joint operation by the cow vigilantes and the police . It 's quite evident that the police shot Mohammed and later dumped his body to destroy evidence , ” said Kavita Srivastava of the People 's Union for Civil Liberties .
Meanwhile , a case of cow smuggling has been registered against unidentified persons under the Rajasthan Bovine Act .
First Published : Nov 12 , 2017 18:36 IST
BOSTON — The mystery deepens for Tyler Thornburg .
The man acquired to be Boston 's set-up man has still yet to throw a pitch in a game this season , and after another setback this past week , does n't appear projected to throw off a mound anytime soon .
Thornburg was shut down from long toss after pain in his shoulder persisted . The right-hander still has n't thrown beyond 120 feet , and he has n't pitched off a mound since the spring .
`` The symptoms have not completely subsided , '' manager John Farrell said . `` We are continuing to gather as much information as possible on what 's going . I know that 's been a recurring answer to the question about Tyler . ''
Asked if surgery were on the table , Farrell said it has not been recommended .
`` Until further notice , '' he said , `` this is where we are . ''
The absence of Thornburg has thrown a major wrench into Boston 's preseason plans for the bullpen . Without Thornburg , the Red Sox have relied heavily upon the four remaining right-handers in their pen , with Craig Kimbrel , Matt Barnes , Heath Hembree and Joe Kelly shouldering a large portion of the load .
While the bullpen has pitched exceedingly well this season , all four right-handers mentioned are on pace to pitch more than 70 innings this season . The issue is season-long sustainability , especially with a rotation prone to some brief starts .
Kimbrel has n't pitched 70-plus innings since 2011 ; he has n't hit 60 since 2014 . Hembree 's crossed the 60-inning threshold once as a professional , when he threw 63 frames in 2013 . Barnes and Kelly are converted starters ; while the innings workload is n't as arduous on them , the frequency of appearances remains less familiar .
The Red Sox have counted on getting Carson Smith back for the second half of the season , but it 's unclear just how much they can lean on someone who has n't pitched much in the last 20 months .
Smith 's scheduled simulated game on Tuesday was postponed a day due to residual soreness in his lat ; Farrell downplayed it , saying a rehab assignment this weekend remains a possibility .
Smith 's rehab assignment figures to be longer than typical for a reliever , given the length of time missed . Under the new collective bargaining agreement , pitchers coming off Tommy John surgery can rehab for up to 60 days , instead of the usual 30 .
For context , San Diego 's Carter Capps exhausted all 60 days of his rehab schedule before being optioned to Triple-A to continue to work his way back from his March 8 , 2016 surgery . Smith 's surgery was May 24 of last year .
While the Red Sox do n't expect Smith to take that long , this wo n't be a two-to-three game rehab the way it often is for relievers .
`` This is a little bit different , because he 's missed a year and a half , '' Farrell said over the weekend . `` We 're still going to have to monitor how he 's coming out of increased intensity , maybe the frequency . We 've got some things to accomplish with Carson . ''
Thursday will see the opening of a case that may end with the 83-year-old F1 billionaire being imprisoned for 10 years
Bernie Ecclestone , the driving force behind Formula One for almost 40 years , is to stand trial in a bribery case that opens in Munich on Thursday and could result in him being imprisoned for up to 10 years .
The 256-page indictment against the 83-year-old billionaire paints a picture of an autocrat who was so concerned about losing power that he paid part of a $ 44m ( £26m ) bribe to a former German banker , Gerhard Gribkowsky , to keep his job .
The case relates to events that led to a private equity firm , CVC , becoming the largest shareholder in Formula One after buying F1 's parent company , SLEC Holdings , from Ecclestone 's Bambino family trust , and a consortium of three banks . Munich prosecutors claim he bribed Gribkowsky , then chief risk officer of the German lender BayernLB , to steer the motorsport group to CVC because the private equity firm had agreed to retain Ecclestone as F1 's chief executive . Gribkowsky is serving an eight-year prison term for tax evasion and corruption in relation to the payment .
Ecclestone argues that he paid Gribkowsky $ 10m to stop him making false claims about his tax affairs , rather than to favour CVC as a bidder , and denies any wrongdoing .
But prosecutors claim Ecclestone had good reason to bribe the banker . `` From the very beginning , the interests held by the majority shareholders in Formula One , ie BayernLB and the other Formula One banks JP Morgan and Lehman , constituted a disturbing factor for the accused , '' says the indictment against Ecclestone .
Hearings are to be held once or twice a week until September to enable Ecclestone to run Formula One , of which he remains in day-to-day control and negotiates all of the most valuable deals , in a sport with a revenue of $ 1.6bn a year .
According to the indictment , Ecclestone would not even tell the banks how the motorsport group operated .
`` His prominent status and powerful position resulted from the fact that the accused was familiar with the structural details of Formula One and its operating companies , had negotiated , knew and guarded important contracts with partners of the Formula One operating companies , on the basis of which Formula One generated its revenue and disclosure of which , even to SLEC shareholders , he made every effort to avoid , as well as his contacts to close allies in the Formula One scene who played a key role in the marketing sector . All the main operational structures and processes were tailored to suit his individual needs and were in fact controlled by him alone . ''
Legal action from the banks was the last straw for Ecclestone , according to the indictment . `` In view of these circumstances , the accused decided to win over the since-convicted Dr Gribkowsky by offering him the prospect of personal gain in order to end Dr Gribkowsky 's confrontational course and dispense with BayernLB as a Formula One shareholder as quickly as possible . ''
The prosecutors claim Ecclestone paid Gribkowsky to sell F1 to CVC and also convince the BayernLB board to compensate him for the payment . As part of the sale to CVC , Ecclestone was paid a $ 41m commission by BayernLB for providing a $ 100m indemnity that F1 was in good health .
The indictment claims that the same course of action was taken by Bambino , which demanded that BayernLB use the proceeds from the sale to repay $ 25m it was owed by Formula One . The indictment claims Gribkowsky convinced the BayernLB board to agree to this , even though `` credible evidence indicating the legal grounds for such payments was still lacking '' . It adds that `` this gave rise to a further damage of $ 25m for BayernLB . ''
Last year Ecclestone and Bambino were sued in the high court in London in a related case , which heard allegations about a bribe a German media firm , Constantin Medien , claimed had caused it to make losses because it undervalued Formula One . Although that case was not about whether a bribe was paid , the judge , Mr Justice Newey , said he believed this was what happened but that F1 had not been undervalued . As a result , he ruled against Constantin and provided some support for Ecclestone 's defence .
In his judgment Newey said that when CVC bought F1 , BayernLB `` had the chance to reinvest , but chose not to take it , and the evidence indicates that this was a decision taken against Dr Gribkowsky 's wishes rather than because of them . '' The German indictment , however , states that Ecclestone bribed Gribkowsky so that he could `` dispense with BayernLB as a Formula One shareholder '' .
Ecclestone denies paying a bribe and says that Gribkowsky threatened to tell HM Revenue & Customs that he controlled Bambino if the $ 44m was not paid .
As Ecclestone is a UK resident he would be liable to pay tax on the estimated $ 4bn of cash in Bambino 's accounts if he were found to be in control of it , which he strongly denies . He says he paid Gribkowsky because his unfounded allegations would have triggered a lengthy and costly investigation .
Ecclestone says legal advice prevents him from commenting on the latest case .
SAN FRANCISCO –A federal appeals court has refused to reconsider its ruling upholding a California law that prohibits psychological counseling aimed at changing a minor 's sexual orientation .
The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said Tuesday that a majority of its 27 judges voted against scheduling a new hearing .
That leaves intact California 's first-in-the nation law barring licensed counselors from offering treatment geared toward changing the sexual orientation of minors , a practice referred to as reparative or conversion therapy .
The Legislature based the law on the unanimous consensus of the nation 's leading medical and mental health associations that such purported treatments have no scientific basis and put children at risk of serious harms , including depression and suicide .
The statute was challenged by therapists who argued that the law violated their right to freedom of speech .
On Aug. 29 , 2013 , a panel of the Ninth Circuit held that California 's law was a permissible regulation of medical treatment to protect public health and safety , and did not violate the free speech rights of therapists .
Article continues below
“ Today 's decision affirms that California can protect young people and their families from being deceived and harmed by unethical therapists who falsely claim they can change a person 's sexual orientation , ” said Shannon Minter , Legal Director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
“ These practices have no scientific basis and can cause serious , lasting harms that devastate families and destroy young lives , ” said Minter .
Liberty Counsel , a Christian legal aid group that challenged the law , said it would ask the U.S. Supreme Court to take the case .
New Jersey enacted a similar law in 2013 . A federal district court upheld New Jersey 's law on November 8 , 2013 , and that law is currently the subject of an appeal before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit .
This Story Filed Under
President Obama and Democrats are going all in on gun control .
Obama on Tuesday will ­issue executive actions intended to curb gun violence by expanding background checks on people buying firearms online or at gun shows .
ADVERTISEMENT
The effort , which comes a week before the president 's final State of the Union address , underlines the Democratic Party 's decision to champion an issue it believes will be a winner in November .
Gun control has divided Democrats in the past , and Obama barely touched the issue in his first term . The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence gave him an “ F ” in 2009 , calling his record an “ abject failure . ”
Yet at the beginning of a year that Democrats hope will end with Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE 's election as president and their party winning back control of the Senate , the party believes Obama 's actions will help it send the political message that Republicans are blocking common-sense reforms that would reduce the number of mass killings in the country .
“ If you 're a Democratic congressional candidate running in the House or Senate , it makes a great argument about how unresponsive Congress is and how beholden Congress is to special interest groups like the [ National Rifle Association ] , ” said Democratic strategist Brad Bannon .
Party strategists believe a seemingly ever-escalating spate of mass shootings in recent years has shifted the politics of the issue .
Bannon touted an October CBS News/New York Times poll showing 92 percent of the American public supporting background checks for all gun buyers , including 87 percent of Republicans .
“ In years past , Democrats have been a little shy about this issue , but I 've noticed a fairly significant change in tone and tenor in the last couple of months , ” said Jim Manley , a former adviser to Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE ( Nev. ) . “ This kind of action is going to be aggressively supported by most , if not all , Democrats . ”
The NRA and Republicans argue Obama is overstepping his authority with the new actions , however .
“ This is a dangerous level of executive overreach , and the country will not stand for it , ” Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) said in a Monday statement .
GOP candidates for the White House vowed to undo Obama 's actions .
“ I will veto that . I will unsign that so fast , ” GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said this weekend at a campaign rally in Mississippi .
Gun control in the past has pitted urban and rural Democrats against one another .
Many Democrats saw the 1994 assault weapon ban as a major reason why they lost control of Congress to Republicans that year .
When Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was ' a loser ' MORE 's own vice president , Al Gore Albert ( Al ) Arnold GoreOvernight Energy : Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run New climate PAC will back Inslee for president Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 MORE , lost the White House to Republican George W. Bush in 2000 , some saws gun control as playing a role in states such as West Virginia and ­Gore 's home state of Tennessee .
More than a decade later , the number of House Democrats representing conservative districts has dropped precipitously , and the party appears largely unified about the need to take action on guns .
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) , who represents a rural state and has backed gun rights legislation in the past , found himself playing defense at a D­emocratic presidential debate in ­December against Clinton and former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley .
Democratic presidential front-runner Clinton voiced support for the new background check rules before Obama , saying she intended to go further than the president on gun control .
“ Hillary Clinton has been making a big issue of guns , ” said Bannon . “ The president jumping on board increases the size of the audience for her message . ”
The December 2012 killings of 20 school children and six adults in Newtown , Conn. , spurred Congress to take up the issue of gun control , though a bipartisan Senate bill to impose tougher background checks on gun sales failed to move forward in the Senate in part because of objections from Senate Democrats .
After Newtown , Obama issued 23 executive actions designed to curb gun violence , including enhanced information-sharing for background checks and requiring private health insurers to cover mental health services .
The background check action was considered in late 2013 after the effort failed in Congress . But federal lawyers disagreed about whether it would be legally defensible in court , according to The Washington Post .
By offering the change now , Ryan said “ the president is at minimum subverting the legislative branch , and potentially overturning its will . ”
Obama , after huddling on Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch and FBI Director James Comey , voiced confidence the new action would survive legal challenges .
“ I 'm ... confident that the recommendations that are being made by my team here are ones that are entirely consistent with the Second Amendment and people 's lawful right to bear arms , ” he said .
The actions also reflect Obama 's intention to dictate the political debate as he begins the final year of his presidency .
Ryan and GOP leaders had hoped to dominate the headlines of the first week of 2016 by for the first time sending Obama legislation to repeal much of ObamaCare and defund Planned Parenthood .
Instead , Ryan on Monday was forced to respond to the president on guns .
The core measure would urge more sellers to register as federally licensed gun dealers . The move is intended to close the “ gun show loophole ” that allows certain unregistered sellers to avoid checking buyers ' backgrounds .
“ This is not going to solve every violent crime in this country , ” Obama said Monday of the pending actions . “ It 's not going to prevent every mass shooting , it 's not going to keep every gun out of the hands of a criminal . It will potentially save lives and spare families the pain of these extraordinary losses . ”
After a tough 3-0 loss against The Toffees , The Under 19 's grab a 3-1 win over the Italian outfit in Champions League football with Brahim Diaz putting two times his name in score-sheet and a winning streak by Benjamin Garre .
Simon Davies appreciated his side for comfortably secured victory at the Academy Stadium on Tuesday and believes the boys quick reaction to mistakes was the key to their victory over Napoli .
“ I thought every player showed enthusiasm , ” he explained .
“ I know we will talk about the goals but I think it came from the attitude , the reactions to mistakes and wanting to work for each other .
“ All the other details and tactical input all comes out too , but it starts with that . We asked for it before the game and we definitely got it .
“ We gave a goal away and it was 1-1 , and I said to a couple of members of the staff : ‘ We will see what the boys are about now and see if they have the courage to play and that determination to still go on a press and try for another goal . ' ”
There were bulk of players missing from the squad namely : Phil Foden and Joel Latibeaudiere away with International Duties and Demeaco Duhaney unwell , which gave Colin Rosler and Iker Pozo a opportunity to impress the manager .
“ You 've got the players that came into the side and took their opportunity and it 's great to see , ” Davies said after the match .
“ There 's a template and philosophy that we all work to and we just have to keep providing them with the correct challenges . ”
What 's Next ?
City host Derby County in the Premier League 2 at the Academy Stadium on Saturday 21 October , 11am .
Émilie Marie Bouchaud [ 1 ] ( 14 May 1874 – 14 October 1939 ) , better known by her stage name Polaire , was a French singer and actress . She was known for her extremely tight corset , dubbed the wasp waist , reportedly measuring less than 16 inches ( 41 cm ) , and her eccentric stage presence , which generated mixed receptions . [ 2 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Bouchaud was born in Agha , Algiers , French Algeria on 14 May 1874 ; [ 3 ] according to her memoirs she was one of eleven children of whom only four – Émilie , her two brothers Edmond and Marcel , and a sister , Lucile – survived infancy . Their father died of typhoid fever when Émilie was five and their mother , unable to support them alone , temporarily placed the four children with their grandmother in Algiers . Marcel died shortly after . In 1889 , after their mother began a relationship with a man named Emmanuel Borgia , the family moved with him to Paris . There her mother found work , and also tried to find domestic employment for her daughter . Eventually however , after her sister Lucile fell sick and died , Émilie was sent back to her grandmother in Algiers .
Borgia , her mother and only surviving sibling Edmond remained in Paris . Emilie did not settle , and in September 1890 ran away to rejoin her mother in France . Afraid however of meeting up with her mother 's partner , Borgia , ( whom she accuses in her memoirs of having tried to molest her ) , she first approached her brother Edmond . He had already gained some fame as a café-concert singer under the name of Dufleuve , and with his help she auditioned successfully for her first job as a café singer , aged about 17 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Career [ edit ]
Polaire 's career in the entertainment industry stretched from the early 1890s to the mid-1930s , and encompassed the range from music-hall singer to stage and film actress . Her most successful period professionally was from the mid-1890s to the beginning of the First World War . [ 6 ]
Adopting the stage name Polaire ( `` Pole Star '' ) , [ 7 ] she worked first as a music-hall singer and dancer : one of her earliest hits was performing the French version of Ta-ra-ra Boom-de-ay . [ 8 ] Having quickly made a name for herself – Toulouse-Lautrec portrayed her on a magazine cover in 1895 – Polaire briefly visited New York , appearing there as a chanteuse at various venues , but without achieving major success . [ 9 ] On her return to Paris she extended her range and went on to act in serious theatre . Her first major appearance was in 1902 , at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens , in the title role of a play based on Colette 's Claudine à Paris . A comedic actress , Polaire became one of the major celebrities of her day and later , as cinema developed , appeared in several films .
In 1909 , Polaire was cast in her first silent-film role in Moines et guerriers . In 1910 she returned to the stage , appearing in London and later in New York . ( 1910 was the date of her first visit to the U.S. as a celebrity , and publicity releases did not mention her earlier appearances in 1895 . ) In 1912 , back in France , she was offered a role in a film by the up-and-coming young director Maurice Tourneur . She appeared in six of his films in 1912 and 1913 . She then returned to the musical stage and began a second tour of the United States , after which she appeared at the London Coliseum . In 1915 Polaire made frequent appearances in London , and involved herself in wartime fund-raising efforts . [ 10 ] She returned to films in 1922 , but in the declining years of her career had to be content with lesser roles .
Her precise filmography is difficult to determine due to confusion between her and a younger Italian actress with the screen name `` Pauline Polaire '' , who also featured in early films . [ 11 ] Her last film appearance was in 1935 in Arènes joyeuses , directed by Karl Anton . [ 12 ]
Polaire with the young man she provocatively called her `` slave `` at the end of her 1910 tour of the United States .
Appearance [ edit ]
She was skilled in using her appearance to attract attention . [ 13 ] In her early days as a café singer in the 1890s , she wore very short skirts and also cropped her hair , fashions that did not become common in the rest of society until the 1920s . A brunette , [ 14 ] she wore unusually heavy eye makeup , deliberately evocative of the Arab world . [ 15 ] At a time when tightlacing among women was in vogue , she was famous for her tiny , corsetted waist , which was reported to have a circumference no greater than 16 inches ( 410 mm ) . [ 16 ] This accentuated her large bust , which was said to measure 38 inches ( 970 mm ) . [ 17 ] She stood 5 feet 3 inches ( 1.60 m ) tall . [ 18 ] Her striking appearance , both on and off stage , contributed to her celebrity .
For her 1910 supposed `` debut '' in New York she provocatively allowed herself to be billed in the advance publicity as `` the ugliest woman in the world '' [ 19 ] and departing on a transatlantic liner she was apparently accompanied by a `` black slave '' . [ 20 ] Returning to America in 1913 , she brought a diamond-collared pet pig , Mimi , and wore a nose-ring . [ 21 ] Talk of her figure and her lavish overdressing in fur coats and dazzling jewels preceded her appearances wherever she went . Jean Lorrain said of her : [ 22 ]
Polaire ! The agitating and agitated Polaire ! The tiny slip of a woman that you know , with the waist slender to the point of pain , of screaming out loud , of breaking in two , in a spasmically tight bodice , the prettiest slimness ... And , under the aureole of an extravagant masher 's hat , orange and plumed with iris leaves , the great voracious mouth , the immense black eyes , ringed , bruised , discoloured , the incandescence of her pupils , the bewildered nocturnal hair , the phosphorus , the sulphur , the red pepper of that ghoulish , Salome-like face , the agitating and agitated Polaire ! What a devilish mimic , what a coffee-mill and what a belly-dancer ! Yellow skirt tucked high , gloved in open-work stockings , Polaire skips , flutters , wriggles , arches from the hips , the back , the belly , mimes every kind of shock , twists , coils , rears , twirls ... trembling like a stuck wasp , miaows , faints to what music and what words ! The house , frozen with stupor , forgets to applaud .
She was a frequent subject for artists ; [ 23 ] those who painted her include Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec , Antonio de La Gandara , Leonetto Cappiello , Rupert Carabin , Mme . Dreyfus Gonzales [ 24 ] and Jean Sala .
Death [ edit ]
Polaire 's finances suffered from a series of actions by the French tax authorities and she struggled to find stage or screen roles as she aged . [ 25 ] She may have suffered from depression . [ 26 ]
She died in 14 October 1939 , aged 65 , in Champigny-sur-Marne , Val-de-Marne , France . [ 3 ] Her body was buried at the Cimetière du Centre , in the eastern Paris suburb of Champigny-sur-Marne . [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
Partial discography [ edit ]
All songs are included in the compilation album , Eugénie Buffet et Polaire : Succès et Raretés ( 1918-1936 ) , released under a French record label , Chansophone . [ 29 ]
Allo Chéri ( Boyer–Stamper ) - Pathé 4970 - Matrix No . 2485 - 8 May 1918
( Boyer–Stamper ) - Pathé 4970 - Matrix No . 2485 - 8 May 1918 Pour être heureux ( Yvain ) - Aérophone - No . 1467 - 1920
( Yvain ) - Aérophone - No . 1467 - 1920 La Glu ( Richepin–Fragerole ) - Aérophone - No . 1468 - 1920
( Richepin–Fragerole ) - Aérophone - No . 1468 - 1920 Tchike Tchike ( Scotto ) - Odéon 75143 - 1923
( Scotto ) - Odéon 75143 - 1923 Pour être heureux ( Yvain ) - Odéon 75143 - Matrix No . K1-510 - 1923
( Yvain ) - Odéon 75143 - Matrix No . K1-510 - 1923 Nocturne ( Nozière ) - Gramophone K-5798 - Matrix No . BS 4432-1 et 4433-2 - 1929
( Nozière ) - Gramophone K-5798 - Matrix No . BS 4432-1 et 4433-2 - 1929 La Glu ( Richepin–Fragerole ) - Polydor 521531 - Matrix No . 2170 BK - 1929
( Richepin–Fragerole ) - Polydor 521531 - Matrix No . 2170 BK - 1929 Le P'tit Savoyard - Polydor 521531 - Matrix No . 2170 BK - 1929
- Polydor 521531 - Matrix No . 2170 BK - 1929 Le Train du rêve ( Aubret–Lenoir ) - Parlophone 22716 - Matrix No . Pa 106124-2 - 1930
( Aubret–Lenoir ) - Parlophone 22716 - Matrix No . Pa 106124-2 - 1930 Le Premier Voyage ( Lenoir ) - Parlophone 22716 - Matrix No . Pa 106165-2 - 1930
( Lenoir ) - Parlophone 22716 - Matrix No . Pa 106165-2 - 1930 La Prière de la Charlotte ( Jehan Rictus ; arr . Warms ) - Cristal 6263 - Matrix No . CP 2082 and 2083 - 1936
Selected filmography [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Mercurial has a built-in method for storing passwords , but it stores them plaintext in your settings file . For those of us bound by various compliance regulations , or just those of us that care about security , this is a huge no-no .
First you 'll want to clear your password from TortoiseHg 's authentication section for your repository if you have n't already ( this will remove your credentials from your “ .hg\hgrc ” settings file in the repo , you may want to manually confirm this ) .
Next you need to enable the Mercurial Keyring extension by pasting the text below into your mercurial.ini file ( can be accessed via File > Settings > Edit File ) , which is bundled with TortoiseHg , so a path is not required :
[ extensions ] mercurial_keyring=
On the next push it 'll ask for your password , put it in and it should never ask again .
To confirm/update your password was saved in the Windows Vault , go to your Control Panel > User Accounts > Manage your credentials
Latest Article : The evolution Triangle As a term , Download PDF As a term , evolution is general , vague and is impregnated with numerous meanings , some of which are agreed upon conforming with empirical observations and some of which are contested . Conveniently , the term evolution is defined and expressed in a manner similar to that of horoscopes . Extremely broad , non-specific and all-explanatory , such that it is easy to interpret experimental data to confirm predictions .
This is a forthcoming publication which tackles the subject of naturalist philosophy , atheism and evolution . Select chapters will be posted here [ subject to updates so make sure to re-download ] .
Important Preliminary Notes
The following are some important preliminary notes that should be kept in mind as you read this book : 1 . Discussions are bound and restricted by definitions of terms . Misunderstandings are perpetuated in the absence of defining terms clearly and making clear how they are being used and applied in any given context .
Introduction
The claim that best fits the available evidence-according to the standards of scientific inquiry-is that biological life is designed and created through knowledge ( ʿilm ) , will ( irādah ) , power ( qudrah ) and wisdom ( ḥikmah ) .
Key Tactics of the Naturalist Atheists
There are a number of high-level operational tactics employed by atheist evolutionists . We will mention three main ones here : First : The deliberate , calculated separation between : a ) the origin of life , termed abiogenesis . This refers to the process of biological life arising from non-living matter ...
Ibn al-Qayyim and a Naturalist 's Self-Dialogue
In the preceding chapters we focused upon the saying of the evolutionists at the highest conceptual level . The naturalists and atheist evolutionists cryptically conceal their attribution of `` choice with intent '' or `` will , power and wisdom '' to nature-implicitly or explicitly-through the clever use of language ( choice of words ) and creative definitions of terms ...
Biological Life and Linguistic Information All known functionality in biological life is prescribed and controlled through information . Language ( s ) and grammar ( s ) are behind biological life . Hubert Yockey , the first person to apply information theory to biological systems and also a naturalist , wrote ( emphasis added ) : `` Information , transcription , translation , code , redundancy , synonymous , messenger , editing , and proofreading are all appropriate terms in biology . They take their meaning from information theory and are not synonyms , metaphors , or analogies . ''
DNA , the Genome and Information DNA is a digital communication and control system . The discoveries , formulas and communication theories which created our modern digital world and the basic ideas and principles of computer design and engineering of Von Neumann , Alan Turing and Norbert Weiner ( inventor of cybernetics ) were derived from the linear digital genetic programming in life .
A Falsifiable Hypothesis to Prove Agency Evolutionists detest conceptually , physically accurate , like for like analogies because they show convincingly ? through common sense and basic reason ? that the claims of evolutionists are not easily believed by laymen and learned alike , especially when the smoke has been cleared , the mirrors smashed and their thinking exposed as being no different to the primitives of old .
Evolution History and Current Status There have been three broad stages in the doctrine of evolution . The first was popularised by Charles darwin in the mid 19th century when knowledge of biology was primitive and the fields of biochemistry and genetics were unknown . It is referred to as Darwinism . Simply put , the observable similarities in animals indicate that all living species arose through descent with modification from a common ancestor with the fittest ? those having superior hereditary traits leading to better reproduction and survival rates ? passing on their fitness traits to subsequent generations .
Elaboration with a Communications Analogy The following is a good analogy for understand the nature of cellular and genetic communications . Zayd has a thought and goes to his laptop . He opens up Microsoft Word , creates a new document and writes a message . He inserts an image into the document . After saving the document , he opens his email program . He composes a message in which there are instructions , attaches his document and presses the send button .
The evolution Triangle As a term , evolution is general , vague and is impregnated with numerous meanings , some of which are agreed upon conforming with empirical observations and some of which are contested . Conveniently , the term evolution is defined and expressed in a manner similar to that of horoscopes . Extremely broad , non-specific and all-explanatory , such that it is easy to interpret experimental data to confirm predictions .
Discussion with an Atheist A short email discussion with a Muslim turned atheist regarding evolution and whether creation can be ascribed to God or to `` evolution `` and `` nature '' .
Link to this article :
Share or Bookmark this page : You will need to have an account with the selected service in order to post links or bookmark this page .
Subscribe via RSS or email :
Follow us through RSS or email . Click the RSS icon to subscribe to our feed .
Follow us through RSS or email . Click the RSS icon to subscribe to our feed .
Related Articles :
Add a Comment
You must be registered and logged in to comment .
SEOUL , South Korea -- North Korea fired a short-range missile into the sea and warned it would continue developing its nuclear weapons on Friday , hours after the U.S. , South Korean and Japanese leaders pledged to work closer together to prevent the North from advancing its nuclear and missile programs .
The surface-to-air missile fired from an eastern coastal area flew into waters off the North 's east coast , South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement . It gave no further details .
The missile is the latest in a series of weapon launches by the North in an apparent response to ongoing military exercises between the United States and South Korea . North Korea views the drills as an invasion rehearsal .
`` If the United States continues ( drills with the South ) , then we have to make the countermeasures also , as I told you . So , we have to develop and we have to make more deterrence , nuclear deterrence , '' the North 's ambassador to the United Nations , So Se Pyong , told the Reuters news agency in Geneva .
So told Retuers the military exercises were an overt U.S. threat of `` decapitation of the supreme leadership '' of North Korea , adding that the peninsual was in a state of `` semi-war . ''
This year 's drills , set to run until late April , are the biggest , and come after North Korea 's nuclear test and long-range rocket test earlier this year .
In Washington , President Obama on Thursday met with his South Korean and Japanese counterparts to discuss ways of deterring North Korea 's nuclear threats before a two-day nuclear summit that opens Friday . Obama also met Chinese President Xi Jinping and both called for North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons . China also agreed to implement in full the latest economic restrictions imposed by the U.N. Security Council against Pyongyang .
`` Of great importance to both of us is North Korea 's pursuit of nuclear weapons , which threatens the security and stability of the region . President Xi and I are both committed to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , '' Mr. Obama said at the start of his meeting with Xi .
`` China and the U.S. have a responsibility to work together , '' Xi said in his comments made to reporters through an interpreter . As for their `` disputes and disagreements , '' the Chinese leader said the two sides could `` seek active solutions through dialogue and consultation . ''
North Korea 's fourth nuclear test in January , followed by a space a launch in February , have heralded more convergence among often-fractious powers in East Asia -- at least on the need to press the government of Kim Jong-un toward disarming .
North Korea launches two ballistic missiles
On Tuesday , North Korea fired a short-range projectile that crashed on land in the country 's northeast , according to South Korean defense officials . The launch prompted media speculation in South Korea that Pyongyang may have used a land target to test the accuracy of its weapons . In the past , the North has usually fired missiles , artillery shells and rockets into the sea .
Earlier this month , North Korea fired its first medium-range missile into the sea since early 2014 .
Along with missile and artillery launches , North Korea has also repeated threats of nuclear strikes on Seoul and Washington and warned it would test a nuclear warhead and ballistic missiles capable of carrying it .
Also Friday , South Korea blamed North Korea for sending radio waves to jam GPS signals in South Korea , calling it a provocation . There were no reports of major disruptions in South Korean military , air and naval transport and telecommunication systems .
Media reported that some fishing boats suffered problems in their GPS navigation systems .
Guest post by Ganesh Cherian of Wellington , New Zealand
As Mormons we pride ourselves on being led by a prophet . We believe we are in a privileged position to know the will of God . This is also stated in our scripture : “ We believe all that God has revealed , all that He does now reveal , and we believe that He will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Kingdom of God ” ( Articles of Faith ) .
We also believe that God has given us The Book of Mormon to help navigate these perilous last days with even more specific direction contained in the Doctrine & Covenants . So it is curious that with all of this access to the mind of God , and the promise of forewarning and prophetic instruction , our modern scriptures are silent on same-sex marriage , or indeed homosexuality in general . There simply are no passages in The Book of Mormon , no revelations on the matter from Joseph Smith , or any subsequent president of the Church .
Sure there are some obscure verses in the Bible which seem to relate to homosexuality , but since they are only mentioned by Paul in the New Testament , and in the book of Deuteronomy in the Old Testament , it is a perfect example of the kind of confusion that The Book of Mormon might clear up . Compare the zero verses about homosexuality to such evils as infant baptism , that The Book of Mormon devotes 22 verses to denouncing in Moroni chapter eight , or the 27 verses in Jacob chapters two and three where God ( in the first person ) decries the abomination of polygamy as exceeding that of pride .
If same-sex marriage is the downfall of civilization in the last days ( as we are led to believe from recent conference addresses ) , then modern revelation has prepared us poorly .
That is not to say that we do not have any opinions from our leaders :
Homosexuality became a topical issue in the United States during the 1950 's and 60 's . Apostle Spencer W. Kimball lamented in ‘ The Miracle of Forgiveness ' ( 1969 ) :
“ In some countries the act per se is not even illegal . This ‘ liberalizing ' process is reflected in the United States by communities of homosexuals in our larger cities who demand acceptance of their deviate beliefs and practices as ‘ normal , ' who sponsor demonstrations and draw up petitions to this end , who are formally organized , and who even print their own perverted journals . All this is done in the open , to the detriment alike of impressionable minds , susceptible urges , and our national decency. ” p. 78
Elder Kimball spoke strongly against homosexuality in his book with such statements as :
“ Homosexuality is an ugly sin , repugnant to those who find no temptation in it ” ( p. 78 ) . “ Sin in sex practices tends to have a ‘ snowballing ' effect…Thus it is that through the ages , perhaps as an extension of homosexual practices , men and women have sunk even to seeking sexual satisfactions with animals ” ( p. 78 ) . “ After consideration of the evil aspects , the ugliness and prevalence of the evil of homosexuality , the glorious thing to remember is that it is curable and forgivable ” ( p. 78 ) .
As Elder Kimball subsequently went on to become President of the Church ‘ The Miracle of Forgiveness ' became a reference guide for many members , and its passages became the foundation for his and other Apostles ' talks .
As President of the church he continued to express his opinion about Homosexuality . In General Conference October 1980 he stated :
The unholy transgression of homosexuality is either rapidly growing or tolerance is giving it wider publicity… The Lord condemns and forbids this practice with a vigor equal to his condemnation of adultery and other such sex acts . And the Church will excommunicate as readily any unrepentant addict… The fact that some governments and some churches and numerous corrupted individuals have tried to reduce such behavior from criminal offense to personal privilege does not change the nature nor the seriousness of the practice . Good men , wise men , God-fearing men everywhere still denounce the practice as being unworthy of sons and daughters of God ; and Christ 's church denounces it and condemns it so long as men and women have bodies which Can be defiled .
In April 1984 President Kimball called Dallin H. Oaks , a prominent high court judge to be an Apostle . One of Elder Oaks ' first jobs in the quorum was to give a legal brief to the brethren on ‘ Legislation Affecting Rights of Homosexuals ' ( August 1984 ) .
The document is worth a read in its entirety but here are some highlights :
1 ) Elder Oaks ' opinion ( echoing President Kimball ) – that homosexual relations are wholly deviant & homosexual marriage is deviant to patriarchal family .
2 ) His advice – that the church should vigorously oppose homosexual marriage .
3 ) His caution – that there is an irony in the church pursuing one woman and one man marriages as we fought against that in 1878 at the supreme court with polygamy .
This brief was subsequently used as the direction the Church would take . In the absence of revelation on the matter it became the position and pseudo doctrine of the church . Setting the stage for our more recent battles against same-sex marriage .
The church 's new war was not without its setbacks . When working against same-sex marriage in Hawaii ( March , 1995 ) and in collaboration with Christian-Right groups , the church 's ability to define marriage as one man and one woman was challenged because of the declaration on marriage from the Doctrine and Covenants , section 132 was the practice of polygamy . In response , the brethren released a public policy statement , ‘ The Proclamation on the Family ' ( September , 1995 ) . This became the default position on marriage for the modern church . It can not be understated that this document has since been elevated as ‘ divine ' despite the fact it was never designated as a revelation , and not formally adopted or canonized by communal vote .
Proposition 8 in California ( 2008 ) was a hard fought battle , which divided the community and had significant backlash for the church . Members were rallied across the American West to assist in the fight , and though initially they had success , it was short lived . Again this was done as a directive and absent of any revelation .
Ultimately the US Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage ( July 2015 ) . But instead of asking if this might be not be the will of God , and as a Church we might have it wrong – the church has since retrenched with further policy . In November 2015 the Brethren labeled Same-sex Marriage , a form of apostasy , requiring church discipline , and excluded children of same gender relationships from all ordinances ( Handbook 1 ) . This was done just weeks after a General Conference when this change could have been easily presented and voted upon . It also seemed to exclude the voices of the woman general auxiliary presidencies , who we were assured would be consulted and have voice on significant matters especially those affecting families . Neither revelation nor inspiration was given as justification . Most concerning , President Monson is himself absent from this directive ; he did not address this policy change and has never spoken to the issue of homosexuality in all of his tenure as prophet .
And if we look at this new policy closely , not only is it not aligned with scripture , it is in direct contradiction to our existing modern revelation about coming unto Christ . D & C 20:70 requires that members bless their children . D & C 68:25-27 states that it is a commandment that all children of members should be baptized at 8 years old . Can we really negate this responsibility by seeking to excommunicate the parents ? What do we do with 2 Nephi 26:33 that “ all are alike unto God… he doeth nothing save it be plain unto the children of men ; and he inviteth them all to come unto him and partake of his goodness ; and he denieth none that come unto him ” ?
We have a lot of explaining to do !
So is it possible that leaders ' opinion have influenced church policy and led the church on a course contrary to the revealed will of God ?
We certainly have examples in our history :
Brigham Young in response to societal pressure stopped ordaining black men to the priesthood . His opinion became policy , and that policy became the position of the church for the next 130 years . This ‘ doctrine ' treated black members as second class citizens ( contrary to scripture ) denying them access to the temple and celestial marriage . Subsequent presidents of the church promulgated the same hurtful practice . It took a revelation to reverse it ( 1978 ) ironically lead by President Kimball . According to the Race and the Priesthood Essay on lds.org we now disavow those past teachings and affirm that ‘ God is no respecter of persons ' .
In reconciling changes in church position Bruce R. McConkie , in a 1981 letter to LDS theologian Eugene England stated : “ Nonetheless , as Joseph Smith so pointedly taught , a prophet is not always a prophet , only when he is acting as such . Prophets are men and they make mistakes . Sometimes they err in doctrine . This is one of the reasons the Lord has given us the Standard Works . They become the standards and rules that govern where doctrine and philosophy are concerned . If this were not so , we would believe one thing when one man was president of the Church and another thing in the days of his successors . Truth is eternal and does not vary . Sometimes even wise and good men fall short in the accurate presentation of what is truth . Sometimes a prophet gives personal views which are not endorsed and approved by the Lord…Wise people anchor their doctrine on the Standard Works . ”
Likewise in 1857 Brigham Young taught fiery rhetoric over the pulpit that the territory was in imminent threat of being invaded by US troops . Saints were counseled to preserve their supplies and restrict trade with wagon trains travelling through to California . Brigham 's opinion became wartime policy , led to tension in Southern Utah and the eventual massacre of 120 innocent men women and children ( Mountain Meadows ) at the hands of Stake Presidents , Bishops and faithful saints . In speaking at the 150 year anniversary of the Mountain Meadows Massacre , ( 11th of September 2007 ) President Eyring said “ The gospel of Jesus Christ that we espouse , abhors the cold-blooded killing of men , women , and children . Indeed , it advocates peace and forgiveness . What was done long ago by members of our Church represents a terrible and inexcusable departure from Christian teaching and conduct ”
The Mountain Meadows tragedy happened because everyone thought someone else was being led by God , when in fact most people were being led by fear or simply submitted out of loyalty . If President Young had simply got a revelation that the hostility would be resolved peacefully , as it was the following year , this atrocity would never have happened . But more important , if the members had evaluated their behavior against the teachings of Jesus Christ and pushed back against their leaders it could also not have happened .
“ All that we teach in this Church ought to be couched in the scriptures . It ought to be found in the scriptures . We ought to choose our texts from the scriptures . If we want to measure truth , we should measure it by the four standard works , regardless of who writes it . If it is not in the standard works , we may well assume that it is speculation , man 's own personal opinion ; and if it contradicts what is in the scriptures , it is not true . This is the standard by which we measure all truth ” ( “ Using the Scriptures in Our Church Assignments , ” Improvement Era , Jan. 1969 , 13 ) .
Are we also now being led by fear or loyalty ? Is our current practice the result of personal opinions which have become policy , that have entrenched the church in an un-Christlike , un-winnable position ?
How many millions of dollars has been spent on this protracted legal battle , only for it to come to naught ? How many hours and how many resources have been misdirected from our core Christian mandate of feeding the hungry , clothing the naked , and succouring the poor ? And how many thousands of young LDS lives have been lost to suicide and homelessness ? – All the while insisting homosexuality and same-sex marriage is the worst thing imaginable , without a single modern scriptural reference .
If God is silent on Same-sex Marriage , why are n't we ? – Our ‘ speculation ' on this matter is hurting innocent people and simply needs to stop ! Likewise this new policy against children being deprived of ordinances is abhorrent and in direct contradiction to our revelations and it needs to be rescinded . And most importantly there are greater injustices in the world than people who want to legitimise their commitment to each other . Sure we need to be addressing those .
If we truly believe that Christ is at the head of this Church it is time to teach obedience to Him , and if anyone else….even someone you trust , asks you to feel that another human being is less than , or treat them as unworthy of His love or His invitation… . It 's ok to challenge that .
This is what being a disciple of Christ is all about !
Zabihah for Android brings the world 's largest and most comprehensive halal restaurant database to your Android device . With it , users can immediately locate halal restaurants , mosques , and markets in their area or anywhere in the world . You can read and write reviews , edit restaurant details , share listings with friends , and more .
Made by the team behind Zabihah , the original Halal restaurant guide , Zabihah for Android contains exclusive offers from over 2,000 halal restaurants near you who have partnered with us - simply flash the coupon on Zabihah for Android at the counter for instant savings ! Zabihah for Android features over 100,000 user reviews of nearly 40,000 restaurants , markets , and mosques , submitted since 1998 by Zabihah users . Hundreds of new listings , reviews , and updates are contributed each week .
Works in North America , UK/Ireland and Europe , Australia & New Zealand , Singapore , Hong Kong , South Africa , and many other places around the world .
Citizen Jack feels called to lead his country in Sam Humphries 's new comic from Image . ( credit : Courtesy of Image Comics )
LONG BEFORE Donald Trump said that he was Batman , Sam Humphries began envisioning a dark-horse presidential candidate who blindsided everyone , from pundits to the populace .
The Los Angeles-based Humphries , who has most recently written tales starring the Guardians of the Galaxy 's Star-Lord and the X-Men for Marvel , will be stumping for Image Comics this fall with his creator-owned title “ Citizen Jack , ” with art by Tommy Patterson . The horror-comedy comic , set to debut Nov. 4 , aims to show that dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is n't so farfetched if you 've got the right monster in your corner .
“ If politics alternately makes you feel terrified and amused , then this is the comic book for you , ” Humphries told The Post 's Comic Riffs . He said that the idea for Citizen Jack came to him after he became “ enraged , inspired , afraid , disgusted by and in awe of what politics has become in America . ”
“ Citizen Jack ” tells the story of Jack Northworthy , a man who turned to a checkered political career ( he was impeached as mayor ) after his dream to play professional hockey was checked into the boards of reality . Jack 's life has gotten so low , he ca n't even sell snow-removal equipment in his home state of Minnesota ( where Humphries is from ) . But then , a secret demon that has strong mental influence over Jack convinces him that he should set his sights on being the commander-in-chief .
“ Jack Northworthy , comes from a long line of political outsiders , dreamers and wackos . Rob Ford , Sarah Palin , Bill Clinton , Ross Perot , LBJ , Ronald Reagan…even Eugene V. Debbs . This is a very long political tradition , ” Humphries said of the political figures who helped inspire the creation of “ Citizen Jack . ”
HANDOUT IMAGE : CITIZEN JACK . ( credit : Courtesy of Image Comics ) ( Contact Jeremy Atkins-jeremyschuyleratkins @ gmail.com to reuse ) ONE TIME USE ONLY . NO SALES .
One political figure “ Citizen Jack ” is decidedly not based on , Humphries said — despite any similarities as a character who is n't supposed to have a chance , but the poll numbers just wo n't eliminate — is Donald Trump .
“ The timing could n't be more perfect , but this has been in the works for over a year , ” Humphries said . “ Why is the GOP letting us talk about Trump ? Why does The Washington Post want to talk about Trump ? Why am I talking about him…right now ?
“ These are the questions that drives Citizen Jack , ” the writer continued . “ Trump could be the next president , or he could flame out next week . Either way , Citizen Jack is bigger than Trump . ”
“ Citizen Jack is about the dark underpinnings of all elections , ” Humphries said . “ Can a comic book succeed where McCain-Feingold failed ? Probably not , but we 're gon na give it a shot . ”
The idea of Marlinspike , the demon pulling the strings behind the scenes in “ Citizen Jack , ” comes from what Humphries describes as the feelings of some who feel that there is an evil element in politics .
“ Is there something about the state of our political system that would attract an ambitious , manipulative demon ? ” Humphries posed . “ It seems likely he 'd feel right at home , maybe be more adept at gaming the system than the most seasoned real-life political operatives . ”
“ What if he decided he wanted a puppet president ? What if his candidate was a loudmouth , corrupt politician from the middle of nowhere , with a history of dirty money and sex scandals ? Could they pull it off ? Under the right circumstances…would we let them ? ”
Humphries said that he wo n't use the world Democrat or Republican , identifying “ Citizen Jack ” as “ nonpartisan in our satire . ”
As for how long of a run Humphries sees for “ Citizen Jack , ” that remains to be seen , but he reminds potential readers that Jack and the Demon behind him are ambitious .
“ Just like Jack , we have our sights set on the White House , ” Humphries said . “ Watch and see how far we go . There is a demon at the heart of American politics . We 're just bringing him out on the comic-book page . ”
South Korea 's Lotte World Tower , which was designed to be one of the tallest skyscrapers in the world upon completion , is being threatened by the sudden appearance of sinkholes in the area . The sinkholes , which are destroying streets in the surrounding residential area , come as a nearby lake has also begun to disappear , two problems that could delay construction of the skyscraper indefinitely .
The Lotte World Tower , first unveiled in 1995 , is to reach more than 1,800 feet high when it 's finished in 2016 but , as crews get closer to that date , problems complicating the construction are becoming more serious . Multiple sinkholes were reported in the last two months in the Songpa neighborhood , the area in Seoul the Lotte World Tower calls home . One hole , the Associated Press said , is 1,640 feet from the construction site and measured 1.5 feet wide and nearly 8 inches deep .
Images of more serious sinkholes have gained traction on social media with each new discovery .
People in Seoul are alarmed by the increasing number of `` sinkholes '' appearing on streets http : //t.co/mTKGwG0wv5 pic.twitter.com/JgeZ2DHY0q â€ ” The Korea Times ( @ koreatimes1 ) July 21 , 2014
Sinkholes appear for a variety of reasons , human fault being one of them . The sudden cracks in the earth happen after years of dissolution just beneath the surface . Often , erosion is hastened by a sudden influx of water or outflow of water , depending on the type of rock underlying the soil in an area . A sinkhole made international headlines earlier this year when it swallowed eight corvettes that , just moments before , were sitting safely inside the National Corvette Museum in Bowling Green , Kentucky .
The questions for Korean officials are complicated by word a small lake not far from the Lotte World Tower site has seen its water level drop from 16.5 feet to 14 feet . Park Chang-khun , a civil engineering professor at Kwandong University , told the AP underground water was pooling in the sixth basement level of the Lotte building , with water displaced from the lake being pointed to as the likeliest suspect . The Lotte Group overseeing the tower 's rise has promised there is no danger , though those assurances have done little to sway public opinion .
“ It has not guaranteed safety psychologically , ” Park said . “ Ordinary people would feel even more nervous when Lotte keeps saying it is safe architecture engineering wise . ”
An environmental review aims to find out if the sinkholes and other oddities have in fact been caused by construction on the Lotte World Tower but , with more than half of the 123 stories complete , the undertaking is also being examined with the recent Sewol tragedy in mind . Approximately 300 people , most of them students , were killed in April when a South Korean ferry capsized , which prompted government officials to refocus on safety standards and accident preparedness .
Sinkholes have been a problem for South Korea in the past , with Korean news station Arirang TV reporting in the past five years alone , Seoul has seen 133 sinkholes develop .
jcarbaugh on Flickr Apparently , there is n't enough Maker 's Mark bourbon to go around .
The company 's distillery is lowering the amount of alcohol in the liquor to meet high demand , reports the New York Post .
Company executives sent an email to clients explaining the change , Pedro Oliveira Jr. reported .
Maker 's Mark is currently distilled to 45 percent alcohol by volume , or 90 proof . After the change , the alcoholic content will go down to 42 percent alcohol by volume , or 84 proof .
`` Fact is , demand for our bourbon is exceeding our ability to make it , which means we 're running very low on supply , '' executives said in the email reported by the Post . It 's not clear when the change will happen .
A New York bartender told The Post that the change was unacceptable .
`` Usually you 're going to notice that , '' bartender Erik Lane told the Post . `` If I started putting a half shot of water in the bottom of everyone 's beer just to make the keg last longer they 'd notice . ''
It 's been a tough week for whiskey drinkers .
A nefarious surcharge for drinking whiskey `` neat '' also came to our attention .
Echelon : Big brother without a cause ?
By News Online 's Martin Asser Critics accuse the United States ' intelligence community and its English-speaking partners of waging what is in effect a new Cold War . At stake are international contracts worth billions of dollars , and at the disposal of the spymasters is an intelligence gathering system of immense power . The Echelon spy system , whose existence has only recently been acknowledged by US officials , is capable of hoovering up millions of phone calls , faxes and emails a minute .
No safeguards , no remedies - Its a totally lawless world
Duncan Campbell Its owners insist the system is dedicated to intercepting messages passed between terrorists and organised criminals . But a report published by the European Parliament in February alleges that Echelon twice helped US company gain a commercial advantage over European firms . Duncan Campbell , the British intelligence expert and journalist who wrote the report , raises the prospect that hundreds of US Department of Commerce `` success stories '' , when US companies beat off European and Japanese commercial opposition , could be attributed to the filtering powers of Echelon . Listening in Echelon evolved out of Cold War espionage arrangements set up by the US and UK in 1948 , and later bringing in Australia , Canada and New Zealand , in their capacity as Britain 's Commonwealth partners .
The biggest of Echelon 's global network of listening posts is at Menwith Hill , North Yorkshire , where about 30 `` giant golf balls '' called radomes litter the landscape . The system also boasts 120 American satellites in geostationary orbit . Bases in the five countries are linked directly to the headquarters of the secretive US National Security Agency ( NSA ) headquarters at Fort Mead , Maryland . The system 's superpowerful voice recognition capability enables it to filter billions of international communications for whatever key words or word patterns are programmed in . Mr Campbell believes that when the Cold War ended , this under-employed intelligence apparatus was put to use for economic gain . `` There are no safeguards , no remedies , `` he said . `` There 's nowhere you can go to say that they 've been snooping on your international communications . It is a totally lawless world . '' Aggressive advocacy The journalist , who has spent much of his life investigating Echelon , has offered two alleged instances of US snooping in the 1990s , which he says followed the newly-elected Clinton administration 's policy of `` aggressive advocacy '' for US firms bidding for foreign contracts .
The first came from a Baltimore Sun report which said the European consortium Airbus lost a $ 6bn contract with Saudi Arabia after NSA found Airbus officials were offering kickbacks to a Saudi official . The paper said the agency `` lifted all the faxes and phone-calls between Airbus , the Saudi national airline and the Saudi Government '' to gain this information . Mr Campbell also alleges that the US firm Raytheon used information picked up from NSA snooping to secure a $ 1.4bn contract to supply a radar system to Brazil instead of France 's Thomson-CSF . Frank admission The US strenuously denies passing on commercial information to individual US firms , saying that there are clear laws to prevent it . But former CIA director James Woolsey , in an article in March for the Wall Street Journal , acknowledged that the US did conduct economic espionage against its European allies , though he did not specify if Echelon was involved . However , he poured scorn on the Campbell allegations that the US was using its technological edge to gain unfair advantage in international business . `` We have spied on you because you bribe , '' the ex-CIA boss wrote . `` ( European ) products are often more costly , less technically advanced or both , than ( their ) American competitors ' . As a result ( they ) bribe a lot . '' But that is not an argument that will have much influence among concerned European countries , which are currently investigating the threat or otherwise posed by the world 's most powerful intelligence-gathering machine .
More bang for your buck
What 's the meaning of the phrase 'More bang for your buck ' ?
More for your money .
What 's the origin of the phrase 'More bang for your buck ' ?
Generals and political leaders have argued over the costs of the military since Adam was a lad . Their conversations have probably not changed much :
General : `` Caesar/My Liege/Mr President , we need more triremes/cannons/nuclear weapons . ''
Emperor/King/President : `` The people need more olives/bread/iPads . Ca n't you manage with what you 've got ? ''
Dwight D. Eisenhower faced something of a dilemma in 1953 . He was a military man to his socks and was inclined to augment defence in the face of the perceived 'reds under the bed ' threat , but he was also a Republican US president and as such politically wedded to cutting state spending . His solution was simple - increase the armed forces but decrease their budget . In ordinary circumstances that circle would be difficult to square . The solution that the US Joint Chiefs of Staff came up with , which they titled the 'New Look ' , was a policy of using nuclear weapons in any conflict bigger than what they called ' a brush-fire war ' . That allowed them to radically reduce the numbers of servicemen and replace them with the comparatively inexpensive atomic bombs .
All of the above was described in a story in The Winona Republican Herald on 21st December 1953 . The story also reports Admiral Arthur Radford as describing the policy as the 'more bang for your buck ' theory . This was reputed to be an adaptation of Pepsi-Cola 's 'More Bounce to the Ounce ' slogan , which was introduced in 1950 .
Most sources credit US Defense Secretary Charles Wilson as the source of the expression 'more bang for your buck ' . These invariably point to him having used the phrase in 1953 . However , Wilson was n't the person who coined the phrase , although its increased use in a military context during the time of the Eisenhower administration did bring the expression to wider use .
The first citation of the phrase in print that I can find is an advert in Metals and Plastics Publications , 1940 . No advertiser would use a colloquial expression in an advert unless it was understandable to his audience , so I expect there are earlier citations yet to be found .
'More bang for your buck ' has now lost its nuclear associations , as has the alternative , less widely used form that emerged around the same time - ' a bigger bang for your buck ' .
Just in passing , I ought to mention that a theory that this phrase originated as a reference to prostitution is suggested by some . There 's no truth whatever in that notion .
See other phrases that were coined in the USA .
How vicious GamerGate Wikipedia opponent and Guardian source Mark Bernstein , who caused outrage when he tried to gratuitously link GamerGate to the Charleston shootings , used the encylopaedia to edit his own company article , as well as those of products and business associates in flagrant violation of Wikipedia rules .
Wikipedia is the encyclopaedia open to everyone . Amongst the few rules those of the greatest importance are the Conflict of Interest rules . Wikipedia must not be used to advance personal commercial interests . As the policy says –
“ COI editing is strongly discouraged . It undermines the public 's confidence in Wikipedia as an independent resource , and risks causing public embarrassment to the individuals and groups being promoted [ … ] If it causes disruption to the encyclopedia , accounts may be blocked . ”
It goes on –
“ Wikipedia is an encyclopedia , not a vanity press or forum for advertising or self-promotion . As such it should contain only material that complies with its content policies , and Wikipedians must place the interests of the encyclopedia first. ” “ [ … ] Editors with COIs who wish to edit responsibly are strongly encouraged to follow Wikipedia policies and best practices scrupulously . If involved in an area where they have a COI , they should disclose the COI on their user page and during any discussion about the affected topic . ”
And on –
And on –
“ If you have a close financial relationship with a topic you wish to write about – including as an owner , employee , contractor or other stakeholder – you are advised to refrain from editing affected articles . ”
The policy also advises that CoI editing may violate European and US laws on covert advertising . It does advise that editors with CoI issues can still contribute by following the procedure –
“ If you have a conflict of interest , you can propose changes on the article talk page by usng the { { request edit } } template . You can also suggest changes on the conflict-of-interest noticeboard . ”
There is even an easy read version –
“ Do not edit articles about yourself , your family or friends , your organization , your clients , or your competitors . ”
White knight Mark Bernstein has a lot to say about # GamerGate – he claims we are a misogynistic plot to drive women out of computing , per my previous video , Sinister . If you have not seen Sinister , watch it now for details of Bernstein 's unpleasant views .
As the Ralph Retort recently exposed , he even went so far as to draw some sort of link between thwarting GamerGate and the mass shooting –
For someone who has so much to say about others one would expect Bernstein to have followed the rules scrupulously itself . In Sinister , I exposed a minor , almost technical breach about his support for a politician . There was no financial interest or personal gain . I considered it a trivial point .
Surely however Bernstein he would never edit his own company page , where he has a direct financial interest . That would be incredibly serious . A long standing respected editor like him would simply never do that .
Except of course here [ 1 ] ( minor ) , here [ 2 ] and here [ 3 ] ( significant ) .
In fact it is quite surprising to your author that EastGate Systems , a small company which according to its FAQ page has never had more than a handful of employees , has a Wikipedia article at all . At one stage the article was nominated for deletion , but immediately afterwards an IP editor ( who according to the log page has never edited any other article ) fortuitously intervened to ‘ flesh out ' the article before vanishing into the sunset as mysteriously as they arrived .
Then there is the page for Tinderbox , a product produced by EastGate Systems , edited by Bernstein here [ 4 ] , here [ 5 ] ( added reviews ) here [ 6 ] , here [ 7 ] , here [ 8 ] , here [ 9 ] , here [ 10 ] and here [ 11 ] . Some of the edits are minor – typoes and capitalisation , others add commercially beneficial material like reviews .
Those edits happened a while ago but Mr Bernstein has continued to edit pages related to authors whose work is sold by his site , for example Shelley Jackson . Jackson had a notability tag on her page querying whether the author was sufficiently well known to be on the Wikipedia . Bernstein removed the tag [ 12 ] on 18/06/2015 – a very serious step . He did however reverse the decision a few minutes later [ 13 ] . As well as last week , Bernstein had also removed critical text in 2010 – [ 14 ] .
Other articles relevant to Eastgate , its authors and their work that have been edited by Mr Bernstein include –
Kathryn Cramer [ 15 ] ( added award nominations and other beneficial text )
Stuart Moulthrop [ 16 ] ( trivial change )
“ Afternoon ” , a story , [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 19 ] , [ 20 ] and [ 21 ]
Victory Garden ( novel ) , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] and [ 24 ]
Patchwork Girl ( hypertext ) , [ 25 ] and [ 26 ]
Those are just the edits done via the MarkBernstein account , although your author would argue that WP : DUCK applies to some of the IP edits to these articles . Your author would also suggest extensive CheckUser investigation .
Mark Bernstein is in clear violation of the Wikipedia Conflict of Interest rules and has been editing articles in which he has a clear financial interest since 2007 ongoing until last week in 2015 . Doubtless he and his flock of supporters will bleat about his good faith but the COI policy says –
“ The belief of an editor with a COI that she can remain neutral does not affect the determination that she has a COI . ”
So , did Mark Bernstein declare his interest anywhere ? In fairness to him he does use his real world name as his username and he does declare he is “ Chief Scientist ” of Eastgate Systems on his userpage . However , it would not be clear to the casual observer that Eastgate and the authors and stories listed are connected .
In any event the rules require that the editor with a CoI declare it “ during any discussion ” such as on the Talk Page of the article being edited . Editors are also encouraged to seek an opinion at the Conflict of Interest Noticeboard . I searched several years of archives but found only two conversations on the noticeboard [ a ] and [ b ] with contributions by Bernstein – threads started by other people about other people 's interests .
In short Bernstein knew the rules , he applied the rules to others , and he was familiar with the venues he should have engaged . He chose not to do so .
Mark Bernstein is a gravely harmful influence on Wikipedia – to # GamerGate and to propriety . The functionaries of Wikipedia need to take the matter in hand – if they do not deal with this then the reputation of the Encyclopaedia will be gravely damaged .
If you care about Wikipedia , please do watch my previous video about Mr Bernstein and his supporters , Sinister and then join TheGGGreatWork at Reddit and help to contribute to Wikipedia .
Finally , the Witchfinder would like to thank the whistleblowers at Wikipedia who made this article possible . None of it is thanks to Guardian journalist @ AlexHern , who uncritically reported Bernstein 's words but unearthed none of his questionable activities or even the disciplinary matters on his talk page .
County : People Threatened Violence if Buses Ran Ads Critical of Israel
Posted last night and updated with comments from the ACLU of Washington , which stands by its lawsuit that argues the ads should run , despite the threats .
The reason King County refused to run ads about `` Israeli War Crimes '' on the side of buses in December , it revealed in records filed in King County Superior Court today , was that Metro call centers and inboxes were deluged with inflamed protests , not only from Jewish people afraid for their safety on buses , but from Jewish sympathizers threatening the county with violence if the ads ran . The county also believed that allowing the ads could escalate to a `` risk of terrorist violence . ''
`` You want WAR against the Jewish people ? YOU GOT IT ! '' one person wrote . While others , according to a court brief filed by King County Prosecuting Attorney 's office , said , `` If you run these ads we will … shut metro down , '' and , `` KC ATTY IS FORCING ME TO VIOLENCE . ''
One person sent photos of gored corpses in bombed out buses with handwriting that said , `` No to bus ads for Muslim terrorists . '' ( You can see , if you want , in this .pdf ) .
The ad that started it all
`` WE JEWS ARE NOT THE SAME AS THE JEWS OF EUROPE DURING THE SECOND WORLD WAR ! ! '' one person wrote to King County Metro , which operates the buses . `` WE GET PISSED OFF , WE TAKE ACTION ! ! ! TAKE THE ADS DOWN ! ! ! ! ! ''
After seeing some of these communications , County Executive Dow Constantine says his leadership team `` expressed grave concerns to me that several of the calls and emails conveyed an intent or threat to block or vandalize Metro buses , and there were some communications that could be interpreted as expressing more violent , if less specific , intentions , '' according to his declaration filed with the court .
The Seattle Mideast Awareness Campaign had paid to run ads in December , but Constantine blocked them over the week of Christmas due to an unspecified threat of service disruptions . In attempt to overturn that decision , the ACLU of Washington filed a lawsuit on the group 's behalf that argued King County violated the Constitution by refusing to post the ads only after they proved controversial .
ACLU spokesman Doug Honig says the court filing `` contains nothing that changes our view that the County should honor its contract to run the approved ad submitted by the Seattle Mideast Awareness Campaign . We will be presenting our case at a hearing on our request for a preliminary injunction this coming Monday morning at 10 . '' Even if that fails , Honig says , the court case will proceed on its own merits .
Late last month , I speculated that the county received violent threats and probed officials for details ( a threat would demonstrate a legitimate threat of service disruption , which officials had n't revealed ) . They refused to acknowledge those threats until today .
The county cites several other concerns , including Jewish passengers who feared for their safety in a bus with the ads on the outside . `` I do not intend to endanger myself by riding on a vehicle that has emblazoned on the side of it hate messages , '' one person wrote . Sheriff Sue Rahr wrote to the court that the ads may `` create a potential security risk for the Metro transit system . '' And US Attorney Jenny Durkan reportedly told Constantine that a transit system is `` a vulnerable target . ''
Another concern : Increasing visibility in the Middle East . An article about the ad appeared on the website of Ezzedeen Al-Qassam Brigades , an armed branch of Hamas . The county received counter ads from Horowitz Freedom Center ( a conservative group ) and the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( an anti-Islamic group ) . `` The counter ads would almost certainly intensify public unease , '' Constantine wrote . `` It also appeared to me that Palestinian or Muslim communities , among others , could perceive the counter ads to be insulting , degrading , or offensive . ''
`` Under such circumstances , '' King County attorneys wrote , `` it was responsible for King County to act to reduce Metro 's visibility to terrorist groups and the risk of terrorist violence . ''
Fielding the thousands complaints also cost $ 24,000 of Metro staff-time , far outweighing the $ 1,794 , Metro would make from the ad , the county says . And the county received more generic disruptions . One person wrote , `` SO HELP ME I BETTER NOT SEE ON OF THOSE ADS ON A BUS . I MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO CONTROL MYSELF '' Another commented , `` I think I will organize a 'riot ' at your bus stops ... Maybe the Jewish population should change their behavior . ''
Constantine 's declaration is here ; the county brief is here ; some of the complaints are here .
The ACLU of Washington did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
England 's Wayne Rooney celebrates his goal in Rio de Janeiro on June 2 , 2013 Photo by Pilar Olivares/Reuters
This piece was adapted from Chris Anderson and David Sally 's book The Numbers Game : Why Everything You Know About Soccer Is Wrong .
There are two histories of soccer . One is a tale of wonderful players , of ingenuity and guile and wizardry , constantly finding new ways to improve on ( what at the time looks like ) perfection . It explains the great defining geniuses who have illuminated soccer 's various ages : Di Stefano , Pelé , Maradona , Zidane , Messi—all finding new ways to take the game to the next level .
And there is a second history , one of the men who did all they could to stop them . Not the defenders , but the managers , who dreamed up catenaccio and zonal marking and the sweeper system , all of it designed to stop the virtuosos showcasing their talents . Even the tiki-taka style honed and perfected by Barcelona and adopted by Spain has been labeled a primarily defensive approach—passenaccio—because its emphasis is on starving the opposition of the ball .
Players have improved as the game has matured : They run faster , they shoot harder , they dribble quicker , and they pass more accurately . And as they have improved , so structures have been built to contain them . These structures—offside traps , pressing , triangular passing—are the reason that goal scoring has largely withered on the vine , moving from an average of 4.5 goals per game in 1890 to 2.6 goals more than 100 years later .
There was a time when seven players on any given side were given over to attacking , with two halfbacks and one fullback . That soon morphed into the W-M formation as two attackers were pulled back , and then came the 4-2-4 of Hungary and Brazil , the 4-4-2 so beloved of English managers , and now , the trend is to deploy just one striker . Barcelona and Spain do not even do that , since the rise of what has been called the false nine . As the title of Jonathan Wilson 's magisterial history of tactics suggests , the pyramid has been inverted .
That says a lot about the nature of the game we love . Where once soccer was purely an attacking sport , it is now focused on developing a symmetry between scoring and not conceding . It has grown into a more balanced game of offense and defense . When tactical changes produced teams that were more defensive but still won ( or perhaps won even more ) , their opponents adapted their playing styles in response . Over time soccer was discovered as a game that is fundamentally about avoiding mistakes and punishing the other side for theirs .
That bears itself out in the numbers . Had the analytics firm Opta been present at a league game in 1910 , we suspect they would have recorded hundreds of touches of the ball from forwards , but very few from a team 's ineffectual defenders . A century later , that too has been inverted . Opta 's figures show that defenders averaged 63 touches of the ball per 90 minutes in the 2010–11 Premier League season , with midfielders on 73 and forwards down to 51 .
This is a worrying trend , not least because the loss of two goals per match since the dawn of the 20th century—together with the switch in emphasis from an attacking to a defensive game—suggest that , at some point , the goal , already endangered , may die out altogether .
To find out quite how fast that event horizon may be approaching , we gathered recent information , focusing on soccer after World War II . Since one season can be unusual for a host of reasons—the weather , luck , a few particularly dire teams—we wanted to be certain we were homing in on a historical trend not distorted by random fluctuations . When we employed a statistical technique known as lowess smoothing that cuts away much of that “ noise , ” a startling picture emerged .
Instead of the consistent and insistent downward trend in goals we have seen over a century and a half of play , in the last 60 years or so there appears to be a leveling off . Goals are not dying . They are plateauing . Scoring has remained essentially stable in the last two decades , perhaps even as far back as the 1970s .
This means a dynamic balancing between two forces : offensive innovation and defensive technology .
Over time , as knowledge about the game spread and successful ideas were copied all over the world , teams have become more alike . Many of the higher scores in the early days of the game had less to do with variations in players ' abilities and playing conditions , and more to do with some select clubs having huge advantages in training , setting up tactically , and organizing and coordinating instantly on the pitch . Slowly but surely , intentionally and through trial and error—and mostly by eliminating errors and weaknesses—teams have become more similar to one another over time .
To draw an economic parallel , we would say that the manufacturing technologies—the best ways of playing—have been diffused over time : Through sharing and imitation , along with an opening to a global pool of talent everyone has access to , teams have grown more similar . Soccer , in this sense , is just another economic sector . Today , a Toyota car is scarcely different from a Honda or a Volkswagen ; in the very early days of the car industry , each manufacturer was identifiably different .
That suggests that one of the sport 's great truisms—that the power and wealth of elite clubs has unbalanced leagues across the world—may be a myth , at least when examined from a long-term , historical perspective . If anything , league soccer is more competitive now than it was 50 or 100 years ago .
The relative rate of improvement for the worst clubs has been greater than that of the best , so there are no longer regular games between fully professional teams and those comprised of tinsmiths , gasfitters , and cricketers . Derby , 2007–08 vintage , may have been the worst team in Premier League history , but they were closer in collective ability to champions Manchester United than Birmingham would have been when they propped up the division a century earlier as United secured their first league title .
One of the great misunderstandings about soccer is the belief that fans come to see goals . That was behind the change in the offside rule , the introduction of three points for a win , and the abolition of the back-pass—a misguided belief that all supporters want to see is the ball in the back of the net . But it is the rarity , the preciousness , of each and every goal that makes them mean so much . What we really want to see are matches in which every goal is essential and potentially decisive . With the leveling off of total goals and the continued decrease in goal difference , the industry of soccer has delivered its customers exactly that—tight , nail-biting matches in which no team is guaranteed a thrashing or is facing insurmountable odds .
Currently , goals in English soccer are manufactured at a rate of around 2.6 for every game played , across the divisions and ability levels . Sometimes that goes up a little , sometimes it goes down , but overall it is remarkably stable . So you will see 1,000 goals , give or take , in the Premier League this season , and the season after that , and the season after that . Soccer seems to have found its equilibrium .
This piece was adapted from Chris Anderson and David Sally 's book The Numbers Game : Why Everything You Know About Soccer Is Wrong .
00:19 Flooding Swamps Sydney Suburb Railway Line Severe storms sweeping across New South Wales , Australia , disrupted transportation in several areas on April 22 . A timelapse video shows flood waters rising in a suburb of Sydney , submerging a railway line at Bardwell Park station .
A slow-moving storm has hammered parts of eastern Australia 's New South Wales province with damaging winds and destructive flooding , and some Sydney residents have been urged to evacuate .
The BBC reported that three people were found dead in the town of Dungog . All three deaths were elderly people trapped in their homes by quickly rising floodwaters . Homes were swept away as over 12 inches ( 312 millimeters ) of rain in just 24 hours swamped the town of about 2,100 residents 135 miles north of Sydney , according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology ( BoM ) .
`` To give you a sense of the size and scope , in Dungog , there 's more rain that has come down in the last 24 hours than they have seen in a 24-hour period for the past century , '' said Mike Baird , NSW premier , in a separate BBC report .
( MORE : Check Our Exclusive Summer Forecast )
New South Wales Fire and Rescue ushered four people from a flooded home and local government urged residents of Dungog to evacuate to a local high school , if possible , due to the severe flooding .
Numerous locations near the coast in New South Wales picked up another 100 millimeters – just less than 4 inches – of rain since 9 a.m. local time Tuesday , on top of heavy rainfall from Monday . Maitland , located about 100 miles north of Sydney , picked up 301 millimeters - 11.85 inches - in just 19 hours from 9 a.m. Tuesday through 4 a.m. Wednesday . The BoM continued flood warnings for stretches of seven rivers in the province , including the Williams River near Dungog .
The East Coast low also battered the Sydney metropolitan area with an incredible 38 straight hours of sustained winds over 30 miles per hour and frequent gusts over 50 mph from mid-afternoon Monday through early Wednesday morning . A peak gust to 84 mph was clocked at Nobbys Head , Norah Head and Wattamolla Tuesday , according to the BoM .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/067sydneystorm_apr212015.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/067sydneystorm_apr212015.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/067sydneystorm_apr212015.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > Joggers struggle against sand whipped up by strong winds at Bondi Beach in Sydney on April 21 , 2015 . Sydney and surrounding areas were lashed by wild weather with trees felled , thousands of homes without power , schools shut and huge sea swells that hampered cruise ship movements . ( ( Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images ) ) ( ( Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images ) )
The high winds downed trees , some onto homes , and knocked out power to 215,000 customers , the largest outage in the region in eight years , according to WeatherWatch . New South Wales ' transport minister urged no unnecessary travel in the city of Sydney during the storm .
These persistently strong onshore winds lead to significant coastal flooding and beach erosion , with local media reporting a 36-foot wave off the coast east of Sydney .
( MORE : What El Niño Means for Hurricane Season )
A Carnival cruise ship was forced to remain offshore of Sydney Harbour by the storm , stranded in 25-30 foot swells , reports the Sydney Morning Herald .
The high winds whipped beach sand into drifts , trapping some vehicles at Sydney 's famous Bondi beach , forcing the closure of the popular beach destination .
An estimated 7-8 inches of sand was blown off Sydney area beaches during the storm , a Surf Live Saving New South Wales spokesman told the Daily Telegraph .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/australia-storm-20apr15.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/australia-storm-20apr15.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/australia-storm-20apr15.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > Australia Storm - April 20 , 2015 Surface pressure ( color contours ) , infrared satellite , and surface winds of the New South Wales , Australia storms on April 20 , 2015 . Purple streamlines show areas of the strongest onshore winds .
The culprit for these impacts was an area of low pressure aloft that became trapped to the north of the active jet stream . That trapping led to the slow movement of the storm .
This closed-off upper-level low then induced a low-pressure center just off the New South Wales coast . The pressure gradient between that surface low and high pressure centered near Tasmania and the Tasman Sea lead to the intense onshore winds .
( WATCH : 2 Killed By Brazil Tornado )
This storm should continue winding down through Thursday , local time .
According to the BoM , these East Coast lows occur several times a year off the eastern coast of Australia , somewhat akin to nor'easters along the U.S. East Coast .
They are most common in the fall and winter , with a peak occurrence in June . An Aug. 5 , 1986 , East Coast low wrung out 12.91 inches ( 328 millimeters ) of rain at Sydney 's Observatory Hill , an all-time daily record , there .
Josh Cooper talks about the night he was jumped by five men while he was on his way to work . ( KATU Photo )
Police are looking for the group of men responsible for jumping a Vancouver man on his way to work .
Josh Cooper is fine walking down his neighborhood on the 3000 block of 103rd Loop , but says it 's a different story at night .
The scratches on his face and bruises on his body are a glimpse into what happened Sunday . He ca n't remember most of that night .
“ It 's not until I think of my face or touch my face or nudge my nose that I 'm like , 'Oh , ' '' said Cooper .
He says he blacked out for about a half-hour after five men attacked him while he was walking in the 2500 block of Northeast 110th Avenue on his way to work .
“ The last thing I remember is me begging them to stop . ”
They grabbed his broken phone and backpack and left him in a ditch . The next thing he remembers is washing his face at a nearby corner store .
“ I just kind of went through a panic . I was like , 'That actually did happen . What do I do ? ' ”
He called the police , and spent the night in the hospital . His story is now a warning to those in the area .
“ My sisters walk to school every day , so it concerns me that there are people out here who would do that to somebody and leave them there , ” said Daisy Partida , who lives right by where the attack happened . “ I ca n't believe that happened around here . ”
Cooper wants to move forward , but ca n't help looking back .
“ It makes me not want to walk places anymore because it 's scary , ” Cooper said . “ If it happens again , then who knows if I 'll make it that time . ”
Detectives are looking for five white men in their 20s who left in a black car .
If you have any information , contact the Vancouver Police Department .
Container ship MSC Maya successfully docked at DCT terminal in port of Gdansk and became the largest vessel ever called at the Polish port . The berthing operation of the giant ultra large container ship lasted about two hours and were secured by four tugs and well experienced pilot . The container carrier successfully docked at the newly developed container terminal and open new page of the Polish port . The container terminal already is equipped with large STS cranes , which are able to handle the new generation ultra large ships with up to 25 rows of containers . The new achievement is important for the port authorities , who aim to make port of Gdansk one of the cargo hubs in the region and key terminal for East-West shipments .
“ It 's a big moment for us , because it is currently the largest container ship in the world ” , said the CEO of DCT Gdansk , Maciek Kwiatkowski . “ In 2013 , at the port called slightly smaller container vessel of Maersk Line with Triple-E class , but now we are developing to meet the latest demand of world shipping ” , added he .
The container ship MSC Maya is operating by MSC in the framework of the 2M Alliance on Far East-Europe routes . Earlier , the route was serviced only by the Triple-E class vessels of Maersk Like , but now into the service are implemented also the ultra large container ships of MSC . The unloading and loading of approximately 10,000 TEU of the vessel in DCT terminal in port of Gdansk takes 2-3 days .
Container ship MSC Maya ( IMO : 9708679 ) has overall length of 395.40 m , moulded beam of 59.00 m and maximum draft of 15.40 m. The deadweight of the vessel is 197,362 DWT and the gross tonnage is 192,237 GRT . The ship was built in 2015 by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering in their shipyard in Geoje , South Korea under yard number 4280 .
Microsoft Creative Director Defends Always-Online , Insults Customers , Murders Logic ... All In One Day !
from the the-dark-side-is-strong-in-this-one dept
Hint : If all of you are n't laughing like this by now , your sarcasm detector needs tuning
Image source : CC BY-SA 2.0
Remember that whole SimCity thing , where the always online requirement of the game turned into launch failures , massive backlash , and caused EA/Maxis to lie like it was their job ? Yeah , good times . It was almost as if the whole debacle was some kind of how-not-to-do-video-games piece of performance art . Well , the good news is that everyone in the video game industry has learned their lesson , realizing that they need to treat their customers with respect and understand that their demands fuel sales , which means not including requirements they do n't want . Yup , they all get it now . We won .
Just kidding ! You see , amid heavy speculation that the next Xbox from Microsoft will require some form of always-online component , Microsoft 's Creative Director Adam Orth decided now was the time to head to Twitter for what appears to be an `` insulting customers and forgetting logic '' incantation that I can only imagine is intended to Bloody Mary his career . Let me first stress two things : the rumors about the Xbox are not confirmed , and Orth does not make mention of the Xbox specifically . Instead , Orth tweeted :
`` Sorry , I do n't get the drama around having an `` always on '' console . Every device is `` always on '' . That 's the world we live in . # dealwithit ''
`` Those people should definitely get with the times and get the internet . It 's awesome . ''
`` Sometimes the electricity goes out . I will not purchase a vacuum cleaner . The mobile reception in the area I live in is spotty and unreliable . I will not buy a mobile phone . ''
Except that is n't true , of course . My iPad is n't always online . Neither is my phone . Or , hell , my damned computer . In fact , come to think of it , this side of a couple of poorly thought-out pieces of gaming software , I do n't know that I own a single device that is required to always be online . And what about potential customers that might not have access to reliable internet connections ? Or might not have connections at all ? Well , according to Orth : It 's hard to imagine a more out of touch dismissal of a reasonable question . There are people who , for a variety of reasons , do n't have reliable connections . Broadband penetration in the United States is pretty wide , but in terms of speed and reliability we 're well behind the rest of the industrialized world , 15th out of 30 in penetration and 26th globally in terms of speed . And that does n't even take into account less common circumstances , such as those serving abroad that might not have access to the internet for a host of reasons . You 're simply telling them to `` get with the times ? `` But if you thought that was bad , Orth then goes completely off the logic rails in what he thinks is a rebuttal to shoddy internet connections.This is where I get really , pissed off . If you want an always online system and if you want to dismiss part of a potential customer base in the process , go ahead . I do n't think it 's smart , but it 's your business , do what you want . But when you start filling my eyes with bullshit like the above , you 've gone too far . See , the thing is that a vacuum cleaner is n't a device that could runelectricity but was designed to not work unless it had it . Always electrified is n't a choice for vacuum cleaners . And with spotty mobile coverage , guess what , sir ? If I could n't use the damned phone due to crappy coverage , I would n't spend the money on the phone . Who would ? But even so , the very nature of the phone requires coverage . It is n't a manufacturer choice , it 's the nature of the device . Game consoles , most software , and a host of other technology products , on the other hand , to always-online . Pretending those analogies are the same is a further insult to your consumers , who you must think are too stupid to know better.So , to recap simply , we do n't know if the new Xbox will have an always-online requirement , but we do know that Microsoft has a real problem at the head of one of its departments . Perhaps someone should explain to Adam Orth that insulting customers is n't the best way to do business . Personally , I 'd like to see that explanation written on the back of his termination papers .
Filed Under : adam orth , always on , game consoles , xbox
Companies : microsoft
President Obama has chosen the path of the least resistance against ISIS , succumbing to retreat and humiliation over strength and justice . Despite assurances by the White House that ISIS is “ contained ” and can ultimately be “ neutralized , ” military personnel , intelligence assets , and pilots on the ground appear to refute the administration 's claims .
Washington Free Beacon reports , “ U.S . military pilots who have returned from the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq are confirming that they were blocked from dropping 75 percent of their ordnance on terror targets because they could not get clearance to launch a strike , according to a leading member of Congress . ”
From the cozy confines of the Oval Office , Obama calls for restraint while jihadists consolidate more territory in Iraq , Russia extends its sphere of influence to the Middle East for the first time since the height of the Cold War , American allies get bombed , and Europeans in opera houses get slaughtered on idle Fridays .
Obama 's policy of non-engagement has single-handedly ensured further , protracted military engagement in the future . By retreating from the world—in particular from hot zones with weak political infrastructure , primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan—the president has enabled the region to spiral out of control , exacerbating pre-existing sectarian tensions and creating a power vacuum where Islamic fanatics can seize US-supplied weaponry .
“ You went 12 full months while ISIS was on the march without the U.S. using that air power and now as the pilots come back to talk to us they say three-quarters of our ordnance we ca n't drop , we ca n't get clearance even when we have a clear target in front of us , ” Rep. Ed Royce ( R. , Calif. ) , chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said Wednesday . “ I do n't understand this strategy at all because this is what has allowed ISIS the advantage and ability to recruit . ”
Retired four-star general Jack Keane echoed Royce 's concerns . “ When we agreed we were going to do airpower and the military said , this is how it would work , he [ Obama ] said , ‘ No , I do not want any civilian casualties , ' ” said Keane . Blasting Obama 's recalcitrance , Keane noted that civilian casualties are always a variable when dealing with air warfare , an inconvenient truth the utopian-minded president refused to hear . To the chagrin of pacifists and Obama apologists , Keane stresses the fact that the United States Air Force has the “ best capability in the world to protect from civilians casualties . ' ”
Under the banner of false moral equivalence , Obama indirectly contributes to far more bloodshed than he seems to believe . Refusing to take a stand against tyranny and cowering under the false moral security of “ civilian casualties ” is a decision of cowardice . Doing nothing is a decision . Allowing the genocide of the Yazidi people , the gang rape of Yazidi women , the slaughter of Western journalists is a decision .
This president has put our pilots in a stranglehold , stripping them of the means and methods to directly take the battle to ISIS . “ Believe me , the French are in there not using the restrictions we have imposed on our pilots , ” asserted the incredulous general .
PALMER — Smaller marijuana cultivators are now exempt from strict property setbacks in Mat-Su , a change some say will help the Valley 's longtime illicit neighborhood growers move from the black market into legal sales .
Others , however , say the change does n't go far enough to promote the growth of a major commercial marijuana industry .
Mat-Su , with its fertile soils and proximity to urban centers of demand , has long been viewed as Alaska 's pot cultivation capital . But growers outside the city of Houston fell under a monthslong commercial marijuana moratorium in 2016 and are just now beginning to get underway amid a statewide legal marijuana supply shortage .
In what critics called another challenge to cannabis businesses here , borough regulations adopted in August for legal marijuana included a 100-foot setback from adjacent side or rear lot lines , and 50 feet from roads .
Planning officials say given the borough 's lack of formal zoning , that was the only way to safeguard residential neighborhoods from being inundated with commercial marijuana businesses .
The setbacks are stricter than those in state law , which require marijuana establishments be more than 500 feet from a school , recreation or youth center or correctional facility .
The Matanuska-Susitna Borough Assembly on Tuesday added an amendment to the borough ordinance that exempts operations with less than 500 square feet of marijuana under cultivation on any one parcel .
The new change could benefit about 20 applicants for state limited-cultivation licenses in Mat-Su outside Houston , which regulates marijuana independently . State law defines limited-cultivators as those with fewer than 500 square feet under cultivation .
But there are nearly that many applicants in the borough for larger , standard cultivation licenses .
The looser setbacks wo n't help growers like Thomas Hannam , who told the Assembly Tuesday he wants to open a `` very commercial '' 24,000-square-foot operation near Wasilla on property he bought 30 years ago .
Hannam said he sank more than $ 700,000 into the investment after a borough planner two years ago told him he was good to go . The adjacent property that 's within the setback distance is `` swampland and trees , '' he said , and his neighbors are farmers and are cannabis-friendly .
The setback requirement `` really put a hindrance on me , my livelihood and my life , '' he said . `` Abolish it and put the state 's ( requirements ) in its place . ''
But Kerby Coman , who owns Green Degree , a retail and limited-cultivation business on Knik-Goose Bay Road outside Wasilla , supported the amendment . Coman said he 's paid a $ 3,500 monthly lease for the past year , waiting for the dust to settle in the battle over borough regulations .
Coman noted the Valley 's long history with cannabis and said the change will give in-house operators selling on the black market easier access to the regulated arena .
`` No matter where you live , odds are you have a cultivator in your neighborhood , '' he said .
The Assembly also approved another amendment that allows a contentious Talkeetna retail store on Main Street to proceed with obtaining a state license without filing a conditional-use permit at the borough level .
The change will let at least one business — The High Expedition — make use of a regulatory oversight that allows marijuana businesses within special land-use districts to avoid the borough conditional-use permit process normally required for potentially controversial developments .
High Expedition co-owner Joe McAneney said Thursday he hopes to go before the Marijuana Control Board by early April for approval .
McAneney previously said he had always planned to file a conditional-use permit regardless of what code required . On Thursday he said he no longer intends to because of multiple errors made by the borough .
The language in borough code that eliminated special-use districts from the permit process was supposed to be fixed at a December Assembly meeting but a problem with public notice delayed the decision .
A number of angry Talkeetna residents testified unsuccessfully at Tuesday 's meeting in opposition to any change that would allow a retail marijuana business on Main Street and near a park .
But Susitna Valley Assembly members Randall Kowalke and Dan Mayfield noted the Talkeetna Chamber of Commerce and community council supported the business .
The Portland Timbers are set to move forward on expanding the team 's chronically sold-out stadium at Providence Park by up to 4,000 seats .
The Portland City Council on Wednesday unanimously approved the project , which is expected to cost the team 's owners , Peregrine Sports , $ 50 million . The decision makes official the terms of expansion that the city approved in June . Commissioner Dan Saltzman was absent .
The city will pay about $ 3 million for system repairs and replacement costs , property insurance for the expansion and for a consulting team and lawyers to oversee the project for the city , according to a City Budget Office Analysis .
The city agreed in June to waive about $ 5 million in ticket tax revenue over the next ten years to help lower the stadium expansion costs .
Portland currently collects taxes on Timbers , Blazers , Thorns , Winterhawks and Rose Quarter concert tickets , all of which go into a Spectator venue and Visitor Activities Fund . Much of those funds get used to pay off debt payments for past stadium expansion and upgrades .
The city could miss out on more ticket tax revenue if the Timbers and the Thorns , Portland 's women 's soccer team , perform well , generating more ticket sales , or if other events are held at the stadium , the City Budget Office report said .
The Timbers will be exempt from paying ticket taxes on existing seats at Providence Park from 2018 to 2021 or 2022 , depending on when construction is finalized . They will be exempt from paying taxes on newly constructed seats until 2026 . The city council in September voted to allow the team to start construction early so they could stay on schedule .
Still , the city 's Office of Management and Finance projected that expanding the park will have a positive impact overall .
Taxing the additional seats is projected to make the city an additional $ 2 million to $ 5 million , Portland 's Chief Administrative Officer Tom Rinehart said Wednesday .
`` At the end of the day , this is a very solid deal , '' Mayor Ted Wheeler said at Wednesday 's meeting . `` There is no question that the asset we 're improving here can only benefit the city . I 'm very appreciative of this and very excited about the potential . ''
Commissioner Amanda Fritz raised concerns about a provision in the agreement that would allow Peregrine Sports to sell the Thorns , considered one of the most successful teams in women 's sports .
Mike Golub , president of the Portland Timbers and Portland Thorns , said Peregrine Sports does not intend to sell the Portland Thorns . However , they wanted the flexibility to do so in the future due to `` the history of uncertainty around women 's sports and women 's sports leagues . ''
Still , Golub said , `` the very reason why we 're doing this is to ensure the two clubs are here for the long-term . ''
Golub
that the expansion is necessary to ensure the soccer teams stay in Portland . The stadium 's current capacity falls in the lower half of Major League Soccer Venues , he said
.
`` We firmly believe this deal will allow us to build on the positive impact we have had in the community for many years to come , '' Golub said Wednesday .
-- Jessica Floum
503-221-8306
@ cityhallwatch
Faroese musician Teitur has the unusual ability of being able to connect with his listeners through poetic , captivating storytelling .
His lyrics are the winding tales about a multifaceted collection of people in all walks of life , from the desperate hipster , through to the cell-phone vendor and the merry-go-man at amusement parks . Each character is treated with equal amounts of love and humor in the Teitur universe .
Backed by two cellists and another singer / guitarist , a drummer and a chap who was introduced as “ the late Philip Seymour Hoffman , on percussion , ” Teitur was at his usual captivating self .
His latest album , Story Music was at the helm of his set on Saturday which also featured a bit of his older material and was almost a carbon copy of his set in Århus 'Run the carousel ' and 'Louis Louis ' are but two tracks that were well received .
The former brought a welcome kicking impetus to an otherwise tame concert whilst 'Louis Louis ' took a cocky stab at the politics of George W Bush when he was president .
The mixed audience reacted with discreet laughter at the political touch , and this was where the politics started and ended on the night .
The rest of the evening featured Teitur 's lengthy banter accompanied by soft-spoken , discreetly placed musical arrangements that echoed with the unique creativity of Faroese musicianship , a lot of which has an almost spellbinding quality to it .
His is a form of musicianship that is replete with warmth and positive energy , elements that have been in short supply locally of late and that , by such virtue , were well received .
An extended three song encores came all too soon for many , most of all Teitur who looked as if he could have played for the entire evening and into dawn . Whilst his show was indeed a credible performance and an enjoyable experience that was shared by a very mixed crowd of old and young , there are some who felt that it was too close a copy of an earlier show in Århus .
This notwithstanding , originality was still an element that was present in plenty insofar as Teitur 's musicianship was concerned . There are well and truly few Scandinavian musicians that can cultivate an identity as well as he does through his anecdotal renditions .
Teitur
Store Vega
February 22
CY WALSH will remain in a psychiatric institution for killing his father , former Adelaide coach Phil Walsh .
The 28-year-old was previously found not guilty of murder because he was mentally incompetent when he fatally stabbed his father at the family home in Adelaide .
The death of the popular coach in July 2015 rocked the AFL world and the Australian community more broadly but the case is now likely to be put to rest for some time .
In the Supreme Court on Tuesday , Justice Anne Bampton formally committed Walsh to detention in an Adelaide mental health facility until further order .
Walsh appeared in court via video link in a neat white shirt with a light-blue tie and his dark hair parted but he did not speak during the brief hearing .
The judge could have released him on licence , but after reviewing psychiatric and next-of-kin reports she accepted the Crown 's recommendation to detain him .
Walsh was suffering a psychotic episode as a result of undiagnosed schizophrenia when he stabbed his father 20 times with a hunting knife , the court ruled in September .
Court documents have revealed the extent of his mental health problem , which started in 2011 as he was backpacking around the world .
He heard voices he believed were from another dimension , and at times he believed his father was the devil .
But he was not intoxicated by any drugs at the time of the stabbing , forensic reports showed .
Phil 's wife Meredith said that she and her daughter were left heartbroken but she will continue to love and support her son .
She said there was a lack of information available to families like hers , calling for increased mental health research and awareness .
`` We now all live the devastating consequences of a mental illness that was not understood , '' she said in her victim impact statement .
The flood of women claiming to be suicidal in order to procure terminations in Ireland never opened following the introduction of the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Act , Dr Rhona Mahony told a maternity conference on Saturday .
Dr Mahony , master of the National Maternity Hospital in Dublin , also said the rate of terminations had remained unchanged at Holles Street since the legislation was commenced in 2014 .
Under the Act , an abortion can be carried out if there is a risk to the life of the mother . In order for a termination to take place , two medical practitioners have to examine the woman and jointly certify that the risk to her life can only be averted by carrying out the procedure .
“ People worried that the floodgates would open when we had legislation , ” said Dr Mahony . “ And it 's quite interesting ; in my hospital we perform about five or six terminations to pregnancy every year and that figure has remained absolutely stable . It has n't changed , ” she said at the La Touche Training conference Maternity Protection : The Way Forward in Dublin .
Complex area
On the issue of suicidal intent , which , in certain cases , can allow for a termination , Dr Mahony told the conference it was a complex area and one which society could not specifically “ treat ” .
During the pre-legislation debate , she recalled , “ people said that women would make it up ” .
“ [ An argument existed that ] the floodgates would open and there would be women all over the country telling their doctors that they really want to kill themselves in order to procure a termination of pregnancy . Well you know what , that has n't happened , ” she said .
“ There is a misogynistic message in that . Women who say they want kill themselves should be taken seriously . We need to listen to them because it 's quite likely that there is something very serious going on . ”
Despite the suicide element to the law , Dr Mahony opined that most women would not enter into what was a complex process but would simply travel to the United Kingdom instead . In this area , children and women of limited means , unable to do so , were of particular concern , she said .
Prof Chris Fitzpatrick , consultant obstetrician at the Coombe Women & Infants University Hospital , told the conference there was a need to establish common ground between two extreme views on abortion .
Decisive action
In a note outlining the content of his talk , Prof Fitzpatrick addressed the broader area of Irish maternity services and said the system requires up to 100 more obstetricians as well increased numbers of midwives , neonatologists , perinatal psychiatrists and perinatal pathologists .
Improved equipment , new hospitals and expanded community services are also required .
“ It is time for decisive action . Ireland has the lowest ratio of obstetricians in the OECD , ” he said .
“ Despite the lack of investment , the clinical outcomes for mothers and babies are very good in Ireland – comparable to those of equivalent income counties – due to the dedication and professionalism of staff . ”
Regarding litigation , Prof Fitzpatrick said there was a particular need for reform in relation to expert witnesses .
“ It is increasingly difficult to accept the continuing use of professional experts , sometimes long-retired from clinical practice , who will , for a significant fee , offer a specialist opinion on an implausibly wide range of problems , ” he said in a written summary .
“ The law , like medicine , is an imperfect system . Legal judgments , like clinical decisions , are sometimes wrong .
“ The consequences of a wrong judgment will not , however , usually result in a judge being door-stepped by journalists or his or her children being photographed for the newspapers or him or her being abused in the local supermarket . ”
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan unveils the bust of Pakistan 's founder Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah at the British Museum , London , November 28 , 2017 . Geo.tv via social media/Mayor of London/ @ MayorofLondon
LONDON : The Bust of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah was unveiled at the historic British Museum as part of the grand finale of the year-long celebrations in Britain to mark the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan . Rich tributes were paid to the Founding Father of the Nation on the occasion . The event was attended by prominent Pakistanis and members of the British government .
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan was the chief guest at the ceremony . He , together with Syed Ibne Abbas , the High Commissioner , unveiled the Bust at the China & South Asia Gallery of the British Museum .
The Bust is being permanently installed at the Quaid 's alma mater , the prestigious Lincoln 's Inn on 29 November 2017 .
The Mayor of London said that he was proud to be part of this event to honour the great Muhammad Ali Jinnah , particularly as someone of Pakistani heritage . “ Muhammad Ali Jinnah is a pivotal figure in history but is also still an inspiration to us today - not just to Pakistanis , but to millions around the world . As a champion of democracy , women 's rights and religious freedom , Muhammad Ali Jinnah will always be someone who millions admire . I look forward to visiting Karachi , the city where he was born , during my first official visit as Mayor of London to Pakistan .
“ My ambition is to strengthen the ties between London and Pakistan , to share the message that London is open and to encourage more Pakistanis to follow in Muhammad Ali Jinnah 's footsteps by visiting , studying and working in our great city . ”
He said that he was celebrating the life of Muhammad Ali Jinnah , founder of Pakistan , ahead of my upcoming trade mission to Pakistan .
The internationally acclaimed British sculptor , Philip Jackson sculpted the Bust . Sharing his experience of making the Bust , Mr Jackson said : “ To get to the essence of the Man , Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah , I studied all the still photographs I could get hold of , viewed all the available films , read the words of those that had written about him and spoke to those whose lives he has changed , all to aid the build up in my mind a composite picture of the extraordinary man I was to portray .
“ Undertaking a sculptural portrait , is like writing a book . You have to do all your research before you can start . You have to get to know subject , get under his skin , see what makes him tick . Then you can start . ”
At the end , British Pakistani Sufi opera singer , Saira Peter presented national songs and cheered up the ceremony .
According to ABC 7 News Los Angeles , TJ Miller , star of Deadpool and Silicon Valley , was arrested early Friday morning .
The police report states that officers arrived to Camrose drive at around 1 AM Friday morning . Miller was later arrested on battery charges .
The LAPD has stated that the victim , whom was found on scene , was a driver for a transportation company . Upon the arrival of the authorities , the victim identified Miller and demanded that the star be arrested immediately .
Police later found Miller in his home , and arrested him on battery charges .
Later on this morning , Miller was released on bail . His bail was set at 20,000 , an amount easy for a star of his stature to pay .
This arrest comes at a costly time for Miller , as the 35-year-old actor was set to have a pretty busy weekend . In addition to his newest film , Office Christmas Party , opening this weekend , Miller was set to host the Critcs ' Choice Awards on Sunday night .
No statement has been made from Miller , or from the awards show , and it 's highly unlikely that they would pull him from the gig .
UP NEXT : Deadpool Co-Star Dishes On Deadpool 2
According to TMZ , the victim was an Uber driver . The driver said that Miller slapped him in the face over an argument about President-elect Donald Trump .
TJ Miller starred as Wade Wilson 's best friend Weasel in the mega-hit movie , Deadpool . The actor has also earned acclaim for his lead role in the HBO sitcom , Silicon Valley .
More Deadpool : John Wick Director To Helm Deadpool 2 / Fox and Marvel Swapped Deadpool And Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 Characters / Deadpool 2 Will NOT Start Filming In Early 2017 / Tim Miller Departs Deadpool 2 / Ryan Reynolds Asked Fans For Deadpool 2 Input / Reynolds , Miller Clashed Over Cable Casting / Rumored Further Details On Tim Miller 's Deadpool 2 Departure
Source : ABC 7 LA
The time has come to close our first Colloquium on Fundamental Rights .
But before you go , I would like to thank you !
As Frans Timmermans yesterday said in his concluding remarks “ What we are doing here over these two days is historic . ”
Thank you for your vivid testimonies and for offering solutions on how to learn , work and live together better .
Indeed , we heard representatives of different talking with each other , not about each other .
As many participants remarked , combating anti-Muslim and antisemitic hatred is not an issue for the Muslim and Jewish communities alone .
And it is not only about them . It is about society at large . It is about basic principles and our core values : rule of law , fundamental rights and democracy .
And the time for action , for collective action , is now !
I heard many of you call on the European Commission for action on many issues , ranging from education and culture , security , non discrimination , fighting and prosecuting hate speech , and hate crime .
We , at European level , have some tools to help you and we will do our part .
But let me make this clear : it is not only for the European Commission to solve such issues .
It emerged clearly from these two days that education at home , at school , or our cultural centre plays a crucial role in preventing discrimination and hatred .
Let me quote a young speaker representing a Muslim-Jewish platform : “ Interfaith and cross-cultural dialogue can not be taught at university . It has to be learned by doing it . Young leaders are a vaccine against misconception ” .
And I also heard that children know better . They can become agents of tolerance and bring positive change into their families and communities .
But we need teachers to be well-trained for diversity and contribute to break stereotypes .
For our part , we will reinforce these educational actions including through EU funded programmes , such as Europe for Citizens and Erasmus+ .
More than once , you raised concerns about EU financial support for your actions .
I must admit that applying for an EU grant may feel to some of you like a “ mission impossible ” . This is why I plan to set up a one-stop shop website to guide grassroots organisations into applying for funding .
And please monitor this ; this is the first concrete thing we have to do .
Now on hate speech . If freedom of expression is one of the building blocks of a democratic society , hate speech on the other hand , is a blatant violation of that freedom .
It must be severely punished .
As some of you noted , over the past few weeks , we have witnessed a lot of solidarity towards refugees . But we have seen a surge of xenophobic hate speech .
Some of you advocated enrolling the help of online intermediaries such as Google or Facebook to take down hate speech from the web . Other participants rather underlined promoting the use of counter-narratives . You also highlighted the need for clearer procedures to prosecute those who spread hate speech online . I was pleased to hear media and Internet providers ' experiences and to hear their commitment to work with us .
I fully agree with you on these lines of action . As was said this morning , Internet knows no borders .
I intend to bring together IT companies , business , national authorities and civil society around the table in Brussels to tackle together online hate speech . I will discuss this with EU Justice Ministers next week .
Let me now address the burning issue of hate crimes and data collection . We clearly need better and serious recording of hate crimes to ensure appropriate investigation , prosecution and sentencing .
It is indeed high time that Member States fully implemented EU law to combat racism and xenophobia . I intend to take decisive actions to monitor this implementation and will focus on three points . First of all , Member States must firmly and immediately investigate and prosecute racist hatred and violence . Second , I find it disgraceful that Holocaust denial is a criminal offence in only 13 Member States . Last but not least , Member States must decisively address hate speech .
The Fundamental Rights Agency will assist the Commission and EU Member States to improve data collection . We should also tap into the wealth of experience from the Council of Europe and many other organistions .
But for data recording the ball is in the court of Member States .
Let me know speak about victims who are on the receiving end of hate speech and hate crimes . Too often , they are left to fend for themselves .
I was moved by the testimonies yesterday . It is unacceptable to hear that when a victim reports an assault to the police , their case is dropped . In such circumstances , how can we expect victims to trust in police forces and seek redress ?
Let us remember that victims have a right to strong support and empathy . They must be protected from their offenders . They are entitled to appropriate support and have access to justice . This , in a nutshell , is what the EU Victims Rights Directive seeks to provide .
And Member States have a little less than two months to transpose this directive into their national laws . Past the deadline of 16 November , the Commission will not hesitate to take action against Member States that fail to protect victims .
Preventing radicalisation leading to terrorism is another of the Commission 's priorities for Europe .
Last April , we set out the EU Agenda for Security to support Member States ' cooperation in tackling security threats and step up the fight against terrorism , organised crime and cybercrime .
I call on Member States to implement this Agenda without delay to improve the security and protection of both Jewish and Muslim individuals , institutions and infrastructures .
Regarding the specific challenge of radicalisation in prisons , I will host on 19 October a high-level ministerial conference . Ministers of Justice , legal practitioners , prison administrations , academics and civil society will debate on effective interventions , management and sentencing practices to prevent the spread of radicalised ideas inside and outside prisons in the European Union .
I will conclude my speech with a rather sobering observation on discrimination . Today , discrimination on the basis of religion and belief is prohibited by law in the area of employment . But let 's not fool ourselves !
Muslim people , particularly women , report cases of discrimination at work , while Jewish people are increasingly victims of offending comments by colleagues .
The latest Eurobarometer on discrimination released yesterday , shows very worrying results . Only 61 % of respondents said that they would feel fully comfortable working with a Muslim colleague .
We must step up our efforts to further implement and better monitor EU anti-discrimination law , particularly the Race Equality Directive and the Employment Equality Directive .
With their diversity charters , companies are at the forefront of the fight against discrimination . But they still can do more : they should further share their best practices to promote a culture of tolerance and respect in the working place .
For my part , I will press ahead to have the Directive on Equal Treatment adopted , so that discrimination is prohibited not only at the work place but also in the areas of social protection , education and access to goods and services .
At the same time , we need to raise awareness and better implement equality law through funding and exchanging best practices between Member State authorities , including judges , equality bodies , prosecutors and lawyers . Equality bodies have a crucial role in this context .
Ladies and Gentlemen ,
The road to a society of tolerance is still long , but over these two days , I felt your strong determination to roll up your sleeves and get the work done together .
And therefore I completely understand the calls for concrete actions . This Colloquium was about more than words . It was about paving the way towards a more inclusive society , a society where we all feel respected and safe . A society that stands as a fierce defender of democracy , equality , and respect for human rights .
Let me conclude by again thanking all of you for taking your part in this Colloquium , for being here and sharing your ideas with us . And also let me thank my colleagues who really worked day and night to prepare this important event . Thank you all , thank you for your attention , and I am looking forward to meeting you on our next actions , thank you .
People with autism may know exactly what they want to say , but may be unable to say it . They may know every answer on a quiz , but have only written down a few by the time the teacher collects the papers . They may know how to play a game , but sit motionless , or simply rock back and forth , when their turn comes .
Some people might blame laziness or distraction , but another challenge is often at play for these individuals : an aspect of neurology called “ praxis , ” or the ability to execute chains of smooth motor movements . As much as someone with autism might want to , it may seem impossible to turn a thought in his head into speech from his lips , or to convince her hand to pick up a pencil—in other words , to break free from the gap between intention and action .
A research study published in 2007 by Luigi Cattaneo and colleagues investigated praxis in typically developing children and those with autism . The researchers measured the activity of mouth muscles controlled by motor neurons as children reached for a food item , picked it up , and then brought it to their mouths . The motor neurons in the typically developing children fired while the child was still in the reaching phase and increased until the child placed the food in his mouth . In stark contrast , the same neurons in children on the spectrum showed no activity until the food item was almost touching the child 's mouth .
Sequences of movements are controlled by “ action-constrained neurons. ” When a person starts to reach out for a piece of food with the intention of bringing it to her mouth , she activates neurons that control the “ reach – grasp – bring to mouth ” chain of movements , one of innumerable “ action chains ” stored in her brain 's parietal lobe . If she intends to reach out for a food item and place it in a bowl , however , a completely different set of neurons activate—despite the two action chains beginning identically .
The delay in activation of mouth muscles in Cattaneo 's study suggests that individuals with autism are not executing an action chain , but rather processing each movement sequentially . Under some conditions , it may become extremely difficult or impossible for someone with autism to intentionally control each individual step .
Self-reports from individuals with autism mirror this kind of difficulty with chained movements , and the need to execute movements as single components instead :
“ To learn the technique of moving my right hand needed control over the ball and socket joint of the shoulder and then the hinge joint of my elbow and finally fold the other fingers and keep the point finger out . After that , focusing on the object which matched the word. ” – Tito Mukhopadhyay “ It is hot ; we should open the window… I can describe the action : I must push the button with my finger . But my hesitation grows while I try to put the sequences to go through the action . I mentally review the necessary steps , but the first one simply does n't come out . I 'm trapped. ” – Alberto Frugone “ When I was growing up , speaking was so frustrating . I could see the words in my brain , but then I realized that making my mouth move [ was needed to ] get those letters to come alive ; they died as soon as they were born . What made me feel angry was to know that I knew exactly what I was to say and my brain was retreating in defeat. ” – Jamie Burke
Maddalena Fabbri-Destro , with Cattaneo and others , followed up on Cattaneo 's 2007 study in 2009 . They confirmed that children with autism break motor activities into discrete steps . The researchers asked children to reach out for a small object and place it in either a large bowl or a much smaller bowl . Previous work showed that when neurotypical individuals carry out a sequence of motor acts , the final goal of the sequence influences the characteristics of the first acts ( such as speed or force ) . The neurotypical children followed that pattern in Fabbri-Destro 's experiment , taking longer to reach and place the object in the small bowl ( a more difficult task ) . The children with autism also took longer to place the object in the small bowl , but the time they spent reaching for the object did n't depend on the bowl 's size . These results indicate that children with autism process the steps of even relatively simple motor movements independently .
At the Hussman Institute for Autism , an important focus of research is to understand how differences in praxis affect communication and behavior , as well as how they may relate to differences in long-range brain connectivity . Dr. John P. Hussman , the executive director of the Institute , explains , “ Praxis relies heavily on long-range communication between the frontal and parietal regions of the brain , and emerging research suggests that this connectivity is affected in autism . When people have difficulty with praxis , we may still be able to play to their other strengths by providing extra visual or physical information as they learn new skills . ”
Other research shows that providing gentle physical cues , or “ proprioceptive feedback , ” can help individuals with autism complete motor movements . A tap on the shoulder or elbow is often enough to help someone translate an intent to move into physical motion . Teaching an individual to push through very mild backward pressure ( “ haptic resistance ” ) while learning a new movement can provide feedback from the limb to the brain that supports initiation and motor learning . Also , watching models and practicing action chains that come up frequently in life , such as tying shoes or locking a door , can make them easier for individuals with autism .
As autism self-advocates often emphasize , “ Just because some people may be unable to speak , it does n't mean they have nothing to say. ” There 's still a need for more research to identify and address praxis difficulties in autism . In the meantime , presuming competence and playing to strengths is always a good start .
The original research articles can be found here :
Cattaneo L , Fabbri-Destro M , Boria S , Pieraccini C , Monti A , Cossu G , Rizzolatti G. ( 2007 ) . Impairment of actions chains in autism and its possible role in intention understanding . Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . 104 ( 45 ) :17825-17830 .
Fabbri-Destro M , Cattaneo L , Boria S , Rizzolatti G. ( 2009 ) . Planning actions in autism . Experimental Brain Research . 192:521-525 .
Several tech blogs have caught wind of my coverage of the eFuse added in the latest Amazon Fire TV update and have wrongly interpreted it into sensational headlines like “ Amazon Fire TV Firmware Update Bricks Rooted Devices “ . In an effort to get ahead of any potential panic these articles may cause , let me set the record straight by saying that rooted Fire TVs are in no risk of being bricked by Amazon 's official updates . That said , read on for a detailed explanation of the newly discovered eFuse in the Fire TV and what it means to rooted and unrooted devices .
An eFuse is a mechanism in a computer chip 's programming that allows the chip to change its behavior in response to an event . The latest Fire TV software update , version 51.1.4.1_user_514013920 , has added an eFuse which appears to be triggered if you try to use an older version of the Fire TV 's bootloader in conjunction with the latest software version . When triggered , the eFuse puts the Fire TV into a low-level recovery mode . The Fire TV is not permanently bricked if this eFuse is triggered . It 's possible to recover to a fully functioning device after tripping the eFuse . If it ever becomes a common problem , you bet I 'll write a complete guide on how to recover from a tripped eFuse .
There is currently no software update , stock or pre-rooted , that will trigger the eFuse . The pre-rooted custom ROM of update 51.1.4.1 that was initialy released did trigger the eFuse , but that version has since been pulled and a fixed version without the eFuse trigger has been released . This is actually a prime example of why I like to wait a little while before posting about newly released updates and mods . A precaution I take is to wait for the brave XDA aficionados to vet the release before letting you all know about it .
This eFuse likely means that , unless somone figures out how to fully unlock the bootloader , Fire TV 's that have installed stock software version 51.1.4.1 or newer will be unable to install a custom recovery ( like ClockworkMod ) and custom ROMs ( like Rbox 's pre-rooted updates ) using the current methods , even if they get rooted . New exploits and methods can be discovered that change this in the future , but for the time being , it 's best to continue following my advice of not updating unrootable Fire TVs if you are hoping to root in the future . Or , at least do not update past 51.1.4.0 . Those with rooted Fire TVs running stock or pre-rooted software currently have nothing to worry about with this eFuse . If a rooted Fire TV running either stock or custom ROMs happens to install the latest 51.1.4.1 update , it would simply lose root with no harm to the Fire TV .
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live . Follow me , Elias Saba , on Twitter and Instagram to see what I 'm working on before it 's posted here .
ShareTweetShare+1
William Windsor is a man from Liverpool , England who is afflicted with what we call Morgellon 's Disease .
He has uploaded several videos to YouTube , of black things coming out of his skin ( all over his body ) , of what the black material looks like under the microscope , and other aspects of his strange condition .
In one video , he provides excellent visual evidence of black things coming out of his hands .
In another video , he proceeded to put the black material under a microscope , resulting in some of the best footage perhaps available on the internet about what this stuff is . The microscope footage clearly shows that these are black balls of fiber , although what that means is completely unclear .
A video he uploaded this week explores even more microscope footage .
Victims of Morgellon 's have spoken about self replicating fibers for years .
Despite all of these people who can provide video evidence of fibers coming out of their skin , despite them putting it under microscopes to show exactly how unusual it looks , they are ridiculed and ignored .
Many people suspect Morgellon 's is some kind of biowarfare agent , or man-made weapon .
As people have been afflicted with the disease after being exposed to heavy chemtrail spraying , many suspect it has something to do with that .
Alternatively , William 's Twitter explains that he used to be in the Royal Air Force : maybe he was exposed to something in the military ?
Knowing that researchers at places like Israel Institute of Technology are writing papers about encapsulating bacteria and viruses in electrospun nanofibers , or knowing that academics and government are openly calling for the skies to be sprayed to “ combat global warming , ” it appears we 're on the precipice of an avalanche of complicated , potentially dangerous technologies .
It would be wise to anticipate this technology and prepare for all the possibilities with mindfulness , reserve , and astute daily observation of our surroundings .
To understand the probability of such a thing being a threat , first we must know the history of biowarfare , mad science , experiments on citizens and the like : so research away . All the information one could want is at our fingertips .
Image credit : William Windsor
Story highlights Expected low of 6 below zero worries mother of missing 10-year-old : `` It 's my baby girl ''
More sleet , snow will hit Washington on Tuesday
Below-average temperatures predicted for days
While rest of nation shivers , Florida stays warm
Frigid weather that gripped much of the United States created a crisis in northwest Nevada , where rescue teams have been searching a mountainous area for two adults and four children .
James Glanton , 34 , and Christina MacIntee , 25 , are missing , along with a 10-year-old , two 4-year-olds and a 3-year-old , the Pershing County Sheriff 's Office said . The six set out Sunday for Seven Troughs mountain range and have n't been seen since .
Fears for their safety grew as the temperature was expected to hit 6 below zero Tuesday night .
Amanda Fitzpatrick , mother of the 10-year-old , Shelby Fitzpatrick , told CNN 's Piers Morgan in a telephone interview that she 'd joined the search . Rescue teams have tried to stay positive , she said .
`` It 's been extremely hard , probably the hardest 24 to 36 hours of my life , '' she said . `` It 's my baby girl . ''
The relationship between the two adults and the other children was unclear .
At least 15 people have died because of the weather , mostly in traffic accidents . Eight died in Oklahoma alone , including a 6-year-old who fell through ice on a creek in Tulsa and men who died in house fires in Westville and Tulsa , the state Department of Emergency Management reported on Monday .
Temperatures across the country are expected to stay very low , usually 10 to 20 degrees below normal , for the rest of the week in regions struggling after days of wintry weather , according to the National Weather Service .
Dallas is still trying to shake off the effects of a weekend ice storm and had about 20,000 customers without power on Monday , according to power company Oncor . Anchorage , Alaska , has been warmer than St. Louis and Denver .
`` It 's very unusual , '' CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . `` This literally spreads across the entire U.S. , and we 're 12 days from the official start of winter . ''
Even if snow leaves , the cold will remain . More sleet , snow and freezing rain will smack Washington on Tuesday morning . The storm will move off the East Coast in the afternoon and night , the National Weather Service said , but the mercury wo n't rise above freezing until Friday . The forecast is about the same for Philadelphia and New York City , though those cities wo n't see temperatures above 32 until days later .
Portland , Oregon , should have more snow and freezing rain this week ; Chicago , too .
The nation 's airports appear to be getting back to normal . The website Flightaware.com says only 304 flights have been canceled for Tuesday , up from 1,700 on Monday and 2,600 on Sunday .
Florida is pretty much the only place in the country to escape the cold , with Punta Gorda , a town on the Gulf Coast , reporting Sunday 's national high temperature of 87 degrees . Mimi Huddleston , a bartender at Harpoon Harry 's , has a message for the rest the country , and to her credit , it 's not `` nyah nyah . ''
`` We live in paradise , '' she said Monday . `` Snowbirds '' from the North who come in for a drink are always talking about the weather back home . `` They say it 's too cold for them and they like it here . ''
The country 's coldest spot on Monday was Daniel , a community of about 150 people in western Wyoming . It registered 29 degrees .
Rachel Grimes of the Sublette County Chamber of Commerce said people are busy `` recreating '' on skis and snowmobiles . `` We normally do n't get cold weather like this until after the holidays , '' she said . `` The wind is blowing today , so it feels colder . ''
Tuesday 's storm in the East could drop up to 5 inches of snow in Virginia before moving out to sea , the National Weather Service said . Much of the Plains and Rocky Mountains will stay very cold through Wednesday , with the lowest temperatures probably found in the higher elevations of the Great Basin eastward through the Dakotas and into Minnesota .
Travel will remain hazardous in spots .
In Arizona , a Saturday night snowstorm stranded 300 vehicles along Interstate 15 . Rigs jackknifed and passenger cars slid into rigs , causing chain-reaction crashes and an enormous backup , Arizona Department of Public Safety Officer Bart Graves said . Authorities shut the interstate for more than 12 hours to clear it .
`` We had travelers running out of gas . They provided them food , water and blankets , '' Graves said .
Some residents in the Dallas suburb of Plano had to deal with an unusual danger : sheets of ice cascading from buildings to the sidewalks and streets .
`` The apocalypse has started , '' one man said shortly before layers of ice fell onto cars .
Late Sunday night in New York , there was a 20-car pileup on the Bronx River Parkway . Forty people were injured , none seriously , authorities said .
Along Interstate 95 outside Stamford , Connecticut , Paul Lee captured frightening video of cars sliding and spinning across ice .
Freezing rain is expected to fall from central Virginia to southeast New York on Monday . Some parts could see up to a quarter-inch of ice .
Sen. Bob Corker ( R-TN ) on Wednesday morning called for congressional investigations into Michael Flynn and the Trump administration 's ties to Russia , warning that failure to address the issue could “ destabilize ” the federal government 's ability to enact policy .
“ The base issue is getting to the bottom of what the Russian interference was and what the relationship was with associates of the Trump effort , and so that is the big elephant in the room that has got to be dealt with in the most appropriate way , ” Corker said on MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe . ”
“ There 's the issue of : Is the White House going to have the ability to stabilize itself ? This affects us not just with international issues that are brewing all around the world — all kinds of problems — but the domestic agenda here , ” Corker continued .
The senator said that investigating leaks to the press about the White House , which some Republicans have focused on , is a “ sub-issue . ”
“ The big issue right now is dealing with this Russia issue , making sure that it does n't destabilize our ability to move ahead as a country and deal with important issues , ” he said .
Flynn resigned from his role as national security adviser following reports that he spoke with the Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions before Trump 's inauguration . The White House and President Donald Trump had reportedly been warned about the content of the calls a couple weeks before Flynn resigned , but Vice President was left in the dark until late last week . Following Flynn 's resignation , multiple outlets reported that additional Trump aides were in contact with Russian officials before the election .
Corker told MSNBC on Wednesday that he 's concerned about Trump 's past comments praising Putin . He said that the Trump administration has evolved on several foreign policy issues , but that they have not changed their stance toward Russia .
“ The one area where the evolution is not taking place is with Russia . Russia is not our friend , ” he said . “ This relationship that seems to exist and seems to be preeminent and seems to be driving so much of the conversation within the White House , to me , is still not righted itself . ”
Corker seemed hopeful that the administration will change its view , but said that there are still concerns about Trump 's policy toward Russia .
“ People are concerned that he is going to strip away sanctions that are in place . I think that is almost impossible now with everything that 's happened , but that is the one area that is hard to understand , ” he said .
He also said that he hopes Congress will be able to question Michael Flynn , but he said that such an effort may not be possible if the FBI is still investigating . Corker indicated that speaking with Flynn would help Congress determine what the White House knew about his efforts .
“ I do n't know that I want to get into the intrigue of the daily blows , but I want to understand what 's happened here , ” Corker said . “ If I were them , by the way , if I were the people leading the Trump effort at the White House , I would want to make sure , with all of the suspicion , that everybody fully understood what has taken place , otherwise maybe there 's a problem that obviously goes much deeper than what we now suspect . ”
Introduction : URLs Past and Present
Once upon a time a Uniform Resource Locator was just a way to point a resource on the web .
English was the language used in IT world , web server paths were mapping old style file systems , and ASCII character were more than enough to represent URLs .
When Web crossed the US borders , people had to figure out how to write URLs in their own language .
For the majority of European countries people could make do with conventions still in use : `` flatten '' their language giving up all accents and diacritics . That works fine in languages with Latin alphabet like Italian or Spanish .
Some languages – like Russian , based on the Cyrillic alphabet – had to resort to a transliteration to the Latin alphabet , also called Romanization
Other languages were even more unfortunate , they simply can not be represented with Latin characters .
Those users had to give up using their own language , or find a way to fit it in URLs .
How to fit non-ASCII characters in the original URL specification ?
Extending the HTTP and related protocols to support extended character sets ( or later Unicode ) was out of questions , it would n't have guaranteed a smooth transition .
People had to resort to some kind of encoding , Percent Encoding the one which succeeded .
Percent encoding kind of worked :
It complied the URL specs , thus was channeled through the HTTP protocol , but there was n't many other pros to say about it , and the cons started :
It was not human readable . That was the entire point they introduced it !
OK , browsers where able to accept Unicode URL paths , and automatically encode them before performing the HTTP request ( i.e . before requiring a web page ) , but the URL shown in the browser address bar was unreadable .
. That was the entire point they introduced it ! OK , browsers where able to accept Unicode URL paths , and automatically encode them before performing the HTTP request ( i.e . before requiring a web page ) , but the URL shown in the browser address bar was unreadable . Search engines started using the URL path as a ranking factor . User-friendly URLs started to also be SEO-friendly URLs , but that at least initially worked for western languages only .
For example , the following two URLs offer quite a different user experience :
Unicode path , Human-Readable and URL-Encoded
To complicate matters even worse , Internationalized Domain Names come , and now even the domain name part of an URL have Unicode characters .
How to fit them in the URL RFCs specs ? Percent Encoding was of no use here , as the percent symbol was not allowed in DNS specification , so a new encoding was invented to express Unicode names into valid domain names .
Again , it was up the browser converting handling the conversion transparently .
As far as those working with Search Engine Optimization are concerned , there are three type of tools involved :
Search Engines have to recognize Unicode path , extract from them keyword related information , show them in a human readable format when listing them in the SERP , and let users search for them .
have to recognize Unicode path , extract from them keyword related information , show them in a human readable format when listing them in the SERP , and let users search for them . Browsers have to accept a Unicode URL , encode it correctly before communicating with the web servers , and show it in the address bar in a human readable format .
have to accept a Unicode URL , encode it correctly before communicating with the web servers , and show it in the address bar in a human readable format . SEO Tools have to handle Unicode URLs and show them in a human-readable format so that SEO professionals working with non-Western languages can have a clue about what URLs they are working on .
I will consider two categories of SEO Tools : Back links Intelligence Providers and Off-line SEO Spiders .
As a test case , I used a web site I have no affiliation with , chosen among many for the sole reason it both has a IDN domain and uses Percent-encoded paths . Its URLs are fully made of Unicode characters .
экскурсии.рф is a tourist excursions site
Search Engines and Unicode URLs
Other than the obvious Google and Bing , I added Yandex among the racers .
I know there are several other search engines out there , Baidu the most prominent , but also Seznam , Nazer ... I chose Yandex for two reasons :
It operates in Russia where the most used IDN domain ( .рф ) is used , and because it is expanding and I think we in western countries will increasingly deal with it in the near future .
Unicode URLs and Search Engines
As expected , all Search Engines show URLs decoded , in a human-readable format .
Unfortunately Bing failed to retrieve the site pages searching the domain name with the site : operator . It only worked using the encoded version , something a normal user do n't do .
For a moment I thought it worked searching for the domain name without the site : operator , but then realized it only did it because the domain name was present on every page title .
Winners : Google , Yandex
Losers : Bing
Disclaimer : this comparison only takes into account support of Unicode URLs , nothing about the pertinence , number and quality of results retrieved or any other services the three search engines provide .
Browsers and Unicode URLs
Nowadays all major modern browsers can handle Percent-encoded paths smoothly and show them the way a user could read it .
Unfortunately , IDN support is still not universal . While able to automatically encode them , both the two most diffused browsers – Chrome and IE – disappointingly fail to show IDN domains in a human readable format .
Unicode URLs browsers support
Worth noticing , Yandex.Browser goes a step further in usability :
Not only it correctly represents both IDN domains and percent encoded paths , but as soon as a title is available , it uses it to replace the path in the address bar . I find it a good choice : often path are not user-friendly , and long titles do not fit in the limited width of the tabs .
Winners : Yandex.Browser ( with a special mention ) , Firefox , Safari
Losers : Chrome , IE
Disclaimer : this comparison only takes into account support of Unicode URLs , nothing about the support of other standards , the rendering speed , or any other feature the five browsers provide .
SEO Tools : back links intelligence providers
Racers are the usual suspects here : Open Site Explorer , MajesticSEO and aHrefs . They all offer free accounts , which have been sufficient to evaluate their support to Unicode URLs .
All the three of them accepted an IDN domain and have been to retrieve backlinks pointing to it , but the way results are presented differ .
Open Site Explorer is the first I tried , and seems to be the worst :
Open Site Explorer and Unicode URLs
not only it shows the URLs fully encoded both in the domain and path parts , but .. does it mistake the encoding for a redirect to an URL it can not represent ?
Also MajesticSEO is unable to properly show the sites URLs properly encoded
MajesticSEO and Unicode URLs
aHrefs fully supports both IDN domains and percent-encoded path , a clear winner for those having to work with non-western sites when assessing a link profile .
aHrefs and Unicode URLs
Winner : aHrefs
Losers : MajesticSEO , Open Site Explore
Disclaimer : this comparison only takes into account support of Unicode URLs , nothing about the number and quality of back links retrieved or any other services the three tools provide .
SEO Tools : off-line SEO Spiders
There are many kinds of SEO Tools , but in this instance I will only take into account off-line SEO spiders used by SEO professionals to make SEO audits .
Again , I 'm using freely available tools : Xenu 's Link Sleuth , Screaming Frog SEO Spider and Visual SEO Studio ( disclaimer : for those who still do n't know it , I 'm the author of the latter ) .
The first tested tool , Xenu rel . 1.3.8 , can not even crawl an IDN web site :
Xenu with an IDN site in input
It accepts the input value , but ..
Xenu output for an IDN address
You have to use the puny-coded URL version in order to crawl it :
Xenu with a punycode domain in input
The crawl result is not that bad : considering the program is dated back 2010 . IDN names are of course not handled ( they actually appeared on May 2010 ) , but paths are shown after an URL-decode so that they are human readable :
Xenu output for a punycoded site address
The second player is Screaming Frog rel . 2.20
It accepts an IDN domain name in input :
Screaming Frog with an IDN site in input
and encodes it before crawling . Weirdly , its developer did n't take the extra step to actually show it encoded :
Screaming Frog output for an IDN site
The other player , Visual SEO Studio 0.8.7 , is the clear winner .
Visual SEO Studio fully supports IDN sites and Unicode paths
No surprise here : Visual SEO Studio has been conceived , planned , engineered to be fully International . Not only can crawl and show IDN names and shows human readable percent-encoded paths , its support for Unicode URLs is thorough : they are shown on all views and reporting tools , and also the percent-encoded versions are available in the pages properties and on all grid view with a dedicated – by default invisible – column .
Visual SEO Studio introduced human-readable URL paths with rel . 0.8.5 on 6 April 2013 , and Internationalized Domain Names support with rel . 0.8.6 on 1 May 2013
Back then , Screaming Frog was n't able to crawl IDN sites , and showed unreadable percent-encoded paths . Today it caught up with encoded paths , and while still does n't show user-friendly IDN domains , it can crawl them without problem . In practice it already passed Xenu , my guess is it will not take long before it will show IDN sites in a human readable format too .
This is good news for non-western countries users who can choose the best tool for their needs .
Winner : Visual SEO Studio
Losers : Xenu , Screaming Frog ( a little better than Xenu )
Disclaimer : this comparison only takes into account support of Unicode URLs , nothing about the quality or features offered by the three SEO Spiders .
Conclusions : Unicode URL , present and future
I will never get tired to remark it : URLs are for humans too , and Unicode in URLs is here to stay .
Web users do n't care about technical issues , they do n't care about search engines indexing issues . They expect everything to work out of the box , use their own language and have tools deal with it . URLs included .
Search Engines and Browsers are evolving to satisfy such expectation . SEO tools are a little behind , but are catching up .
I hope this article to be a spur to accelerate toward complete support of Unicode URLs by all the tools involved , to make the web even more accessible .
I think today so-called common `` best practices '' for SEO-friendly URLs will have to be reviewed soon .
My guess is we will stop avoiding accents and diacritics in Latin languages URLs , and will more and more get used working with Unicode URLs .
I still expect avoiding blank spaces as a best practice though : URLs are often copied as text in e-mails and we leverage the e-mail client to properly generate a link on them , spaces – having the URLs not percent-encoded – would prevent the programs to properly generate the links .
And you , did you ever have to deal with Unicode in URLs ? Were you satisfied about the tools of the trade ?
Comments are open on linked Google+ page .
Bukhansan , or Bukhan Mountain , is a mountain on the northern periphery of Seoul , South Korea . There are three major peaks , Baegundae 836.5 meters ( 2,744 ft ) , Insubong 810.5 meters ( 2,659 ft ) , Mangyeongdae 787.0 meters ( 2,582.0 ft ) . [ 1 ] Because of its height and the fact that it borders a considerable portion of the city , Bukhansan is a major landmark visible from most city districts . The name `` Bukhansan '' means `` mountain north of Han River '' , referring to the fact that it is the northern border of the city . [ 2 ] During the Joseon era , the peaks marked the extreme northern boundary of Seoul .
Bukhansan is the highest mountain within Seoul city boundaries . Apart from Bukhansan , there are seven other mountains including Dobongsan and Suraksan that are over 600 meters high within the city . [ 3 ]
Popular throughout the year , Bukhansan , and Bukhansan National Park , which was formed in 1983 , [ 4 ] are renowned for birdwatching , hiking and rockclimbing . Bukhansan attracts a large number of hikers ; around 5 million per year .
Name [ edit ]
Since 2002 there has been a movement to revert the name of Bukhansan to Samkaksan . For many years up until now , the three main peaks of the park have collectively been called `` Bukhansan '' ; however , the original collective name of these three peaks was Samkaksan , meaning `` three-horned mountain . '' The head of the Gangbuk-gu District Office in Seoul is leading a petition to have the central government change the name back to the original . [ 5 ]
Hiking [ edit ]
There are numerous hiking courses accessible to the average hiker within Bukhansan National Park . The trails are open year-round but may be closed during fire season in the Spring and Autumn at the discretion of the park director .
Hiking Courses Name Points of Interest Bukhansanseong Fortress Course Bukhansanseong Hiking Support Center ( 북한산성탐방지원센터 ) → Daeseomun ( 대서문 ) → Deungungak ( 등운각 ) → Baegundae ( 백운대 ) Sinseondae Course Dobong Hiking Support Center ( 도봉탐방지원센터 ) → Seowonteo ( 서원터 ) → Dobong Shelter ( 도봉대피소 ) → Seokguram ( 석굴암 ) → Sinseondae ( 신선대 ) Mangwolsa Temple , Podae and Hoeryong Course Wondobong Hiking Support Center ( 원도봉탐방지원센터 ) → Deokjesaem ( 덕제샘 ) → Mangwolsa Temple ( 망월사 ) → Podae Ridge ( 포대능선 ) → Hoeryong 4-way Intersection ( 회룡사거리 ) → Hoeryong Hiking Support Center ( 회룡탐방지원센터 ) Uiam Course Dobong Hiking Support Center ( 도봉탐방지원센터 ) → Bomun Ridge ( 보문능선 ) → Cheonjinsa Temple ( 천진사 ) → Uiam ( 우이암 ) Obong Course Songchubunso ( 송추분소 ) → Songchu Waterfall ( 송추폭포 ) → Obong 3-way Intersection ( 오봉삼거리 ) → Obong Peak ( 오봉 ) → Yeoseongbong Peak ( 여성봉 ) → Obong Hiking Support Center ( 오봉탐방지원센터 ) Sapaesan Mt . Course Songchubunso ( 송추분소 ) → Hoeryong 4-way Intersection ( 회룡사거리 ) → Sapaesan Mt . ( 사패산 ) → Wongaksa Temple ( 원각사 ) → Entrance of Sapaesan Mt . ( 사패산입구 ) Daenammun Course Bukhansanseong Hiking Support Center ( 북한산성탐방지원센터 ) → Daeseomun ( 대서문 ) → Jungseongmun ( 중성문 ) → Daenammun ( 대남문 ) Samobawi Rock Course Gugi Hiking Support Center ( 구기탐방지원센터 ) → Daenammun ( 대남문 ) → Cheongsudongammun ( 청수동암문 ) → Samobawi Rock ( 사모바위 )
[ 6 ]
Gallery [ edit ]
A shrine in Bukhansan
Films and literature [ edit ]
Daum webtoon manwha PEAK by author Hong Sun-soo and artist Im Gak-hyuck is a fictional work based on the mountain rescue team working in this mountain . [ 7 ]
References [ edit ]
The spirit of hospice volunteering is borne from a genuine desire to give comfort , peace , and care to patients , caregivers , and families during the end of life . Hospice volunteers have a tremendous impact on the lives of the patients that they serve , the hospice team of which they are a part , and the families and friends of the terminally ill. Understanding the role of hospice volunteers , the ways in which volunteers can serve , and the impact that volunteering has on the lives of the patient , the patient 's family , and the volunteer , can better equip those who are interested in becoming a hospice volunteer .
The presence and service of hospice volunteers is targeted towards ultimately providing patients , caregivers , and families with the most comfortable and compassionate end-of-life experience possible .
Why Hospice Organizations Need Volunteers
The value of hospice volunteers can not be overstated . Volunteers are commonly perceived by hospice patients and families as ordinary members of their local community . This relationship provides a feeling of normality for patients , as well as patients ' families and friends . Volunteers often connect with patients on a deep , personal level , which provides the hospice care team with valuable insights concerning the overall impact of the level of comfort and care that is provided .
Medicare-certified hospice programs are also federally mandated to integrate hospice volunteers into administrative or patient services . The United States government requires that the total number of hours that hospice volunteers contribute must equal at least 5 % of the total number of patient care hours provided by paid hospice employees and contract staff .
Hospice Volunteer Training
Before beginning volunteer service , hospice volunteers are often provided with training . This training prepares volunteers for the administrative services they may perform for the hospice , or the ways in which they will be directly assisting patients , caregivers , and families . Though each hospice organization may have a unique training program , most hospice volunteer training includes :
Understanding the hospice philosophy of care
How to know boundaries as a volunteer when interacting with patients and families
An overview of the spiritual , emotional , and physical needs of a patient and the patient 's family during the end-of-life journey
Understanding the services offered by the hospice organization
How to communicate with patients , their families , and friends
How to assist patients and families with grief , loss , and bereavement
Understanding patient and health information privacy
The Common Traits of Effective Hospice Volunteers
A part of what makes hospice volunteers so valuable , and such impactful members of a patient 's care team , is the unique life perspective and personality they offer . Though each volunteer is unique , there are several common traits that are indicative of an effective hospice volunteer :
A spirit of compassion and understanding towards those who are on the end-of-life journey
Respect for all ways of life , cultural customs , and religious views
Keen understanding of personal limits
The ability to listen and be comfortable in silence
Effective hospice volunteers recognize that their role is one of compassionate service . The presence and service of hospice volunteers is targeted towards ultimately providing patients , caregivers , and families with the most comfortable and compassionate end-of-life experience possible .
Types of Hospice Volunteering
There are many ways in which hospice volunteers lend their time and effort to hospice organizations . Whether helping support patients , caregivers , and families directly , or by assisting the hospice with administrative work , there are always tasks in which the unique talents of each volunteer can be put to effective use . The ways in which hospice volunteers provide service are largely grouped into two categories : direct care volunteering and indirect care volunteering .
Direct Care Volunteering
Hospice volunteers who work directly with patients , caregivers , and families are considered direct care volunteers . Direct care volunteers can provide support and comfort to patients and families in many ways . Common areas where direct care volunteers can provide assistance are :
Preparing meals for patients and families
Providing transportation to patients , families , and the children of the families
Assisting in light household chores
Sitting with patients to provide companionship and a comforting presence
Playing music for patients to provide a soothing and joyful atmosphere
Indirect Care Volunteering
For volunteers who prefer not to work with patients directly , their time and effort can be put to use in assisting the hospice organization with administrative and general office tasks . Common tasks where indirect care volunteers provide assistance are :
Helping prepare mailings and newsletters for community outreach
Assisting in general data entry tasks and other clerical duties
Helping in preparations and setup for special community events and outings
Whether opting to be directly or indirectly involved with patient and family care , hospice volunteers are able to use their unique talents and skill sets to support hospice organizations and provide patients and families with a more comfortable end-of-life experience .
The Impact of Hospice Volunteers
Hospice volunteers help provide patients and families with compassionate care and support during the end-of-life process . The level of personal connection and support that volunteers provide allows for a greater level of end-of-life care satisfaction for patients enrolled in hospice care . According to a 2010 National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization ( NHPCO ) study , hospice programs with higher levels of direct care volunteer involvement consistently report higher levels of care satisfaction from the bereaved families of hospice patients .
Unadjusted Results of Hospice Care Reported as Excellent in Association with Volunteer Hours per Week
The Benefits of Becoming a Hospice Volunteer
While hospice volunteers have a tremendous impact on the lives of the patients , caregivers , and families they serve , the volunteers themselves also benefit from the giving of their time and talents . Hospice volunteers , particularly those who work directly with patients and families , commonly report :
A greater appreciation for life and understanding of what is truly important
A deeper understanding and acceptance of the role of death in the process of life
An enriched understanding of different cultures and life perspectives
A sense of fulfillment and contribution to the community
Getting Started as a Hospice Volunteer
For those seeking to volunteer at a hospice program , contacting local hospice organizations is a great way to get started . Local hospices can assist prospective volunteers by providing information and resources concerning becoming a direct or indirect hospice volunteer . The NHPCO offers a free , online hospice locator tool that can help those interested in hospice volunteering begin the search for a local hospice program .
The desire to give time and talents freely to those on the end-of-life journey emanates from a heart of compassion and a spirit of giving . Whether providing direct or indirect support , hospice volunteers are an integral part of the hospice team responsible for providing quality care and support . Hospice volunteering allows exceptional , caring individuals to use their gifts and skills to help provide patients , caregivers , and families with the most peaceful and comfortable end-of-life experience possible .
Veronica Crossing 's “ Town Sustainability guide ” !
( aka how to make sure no one moves even if you only have time to play a few times a week ! )
Hi guys ! For the past several months I 've been in school , which does n't leave me a lot of time to manage my AC town . This technique allows me to play only once or twice a week , while being sure that the days i 'm not playing , no one will be asking to move ! So I figured I 'd share it with you all .
This guide can be used in conjunction with a guide posted by CoveCrossing … however that user seems to have deleted their blog . I 've uploaded their post in plain text here , so you can all still view it if you so choose .
Step one : Find someone who is ready to move .
The first step of this process is finding someone who 's ready to move out . Let them ping you and tell you they want to leave . The reason you 're using this guide implies you want to keep all your villagers where they are , so tell them not to move .
Make a record of TODAYS DATE , and THEIR MOVE DATE . Both of these things are important later .
For this example , Eugene told me on February 3rd that he wanted to move on February 8th .
Step two : Go about your life !
You can rest easy until the mid point between your two dates . Most likely , no one new will leave before the last persons projected move date ( In this example , Feb 8th ) but I 've usually checked beforehand , just to be safe .
Step three : On the middle date , check your town .
When you have about two days before the last projected move date ( Feb 6th in this example ) , go into your town . Walk around . Hopefully someone new will ask to move . If not , check back the next day .
Here 's a handy little calendar to illustrate what I 'm talking about .
Extra Notes
If a villager is sick , no one will ask to move ( In my experience ) . This has been disproved !
This has been disproved ! Events can also delay the process a bit or make it harder ( villagers will not use the gossip dialogue so readily if there is an event coming up . )
Hope this helps you all ! ! Feel free to let me know of any tips you have to help me refine this guide !
Also , check out this great comment by reddit user Googie2149 ! It explains the mechanics of ACNL , and how you can leave your town for weeks un touched , if you wanted : )
Thai Transgender Fighter Nong Rose Fights for Thairath TV Stadium Title
This is Nong Rose Banjaroensuk ( น้องโรส บ้านเจริญสุข ) :
Those who have no idea who she is may start laughing because she wears mascara and lipstick when she fights . They may think it 's a joke and that it 's “ cute ” a kathoey ( Thai for transgender ) is getting in the ring .
But those laughs are silenced as soon as she starts fighting . Nong Rose has fought over 200-300 times and that is no laughing matter . She is often severely underestimated by her opponents and the gamblers , which can often work to her advantage . In an article done by Vice , Nong Rose recounts of how opponents sometimes refuse to fight her , and some of those who choose to fight her will make fun of her .
A post shared by น้องโรส บ้านเจริญสุข ( @ ros_job ) on Mar 25 , 2017 at 10:01pm PDT
This Saturday at Thairath TV , Nong Rose will fight Sayanlek Sayangym ( สายันต์เล็ก สายันต์ยิม ) for the 115 pound Thairath title . Sayanlek won last month over Denmechai Tedsababaansong at Rajadamnern Stadium and is pretty active in the Thai stadiums .
Thairath TV is on channel 32 if you wish to view in Thailand . For those outside of Thailand , you can watch easily from many sites that stream Thai TV channels , including the Thairath 's own website . The show starts at 2:00 pm Bangkok time on April 29,2017 .
Watch some of Nong Rose 's fights
–March 26 , 2017 vs Kongsanan Sakhomsin
–November 7 , 2015 vs Suriyanlek Or Por Tor Kaphi
Watch some of Sayanlek 's fights
–March 23 , 2017 vs Denmechai Tedsababaansong
–December 24 , 2016 vs Cherry Duangjaiphor
We 're huge fans of Portlandian progressive death metal masters The Odious here at Heavy Blog . I reviewed their debut release 5 years ago with a 5/5 score , and their first full length was also given a 5/5 by fellow writer David . When they announced their disbanding , we were devastated , but recently they announced a reunion and we were ecstatic ! Now , they 're releasing a new track titled “ Arbiter of Taste ” from their upcoming full length Vesica Piscis , and we 're proud to be bringing it to you .
Here 's what the band have to say about the track :
We are all our own arbiters of taste , but at some point in our lives , we may relinquish control . Sex , drugs , money , power , people . All can become keeper at the gate of your subconscious mind . A narration of the emotional and physical toll of chemical dependency , Arbiter of Taste is the first track from the upcoming full length , “ Vesica Piscis ” .
The track is an exquisite journey that only The Odious can deliver , like they 've always done . Combining creative , progressive riffing , screaming and unique clean vocals , along with their diverse and memorable song writing , it 's like they never even left . This track provides a glimpse into how their new material is the logical next step from their previous works as well . Overall , this track is incredible , and it 's just left our mouths watering for more !
Without further ado , here 's Arbiter of Taste !
Arbiter Of Taste by The Odious
-NT
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
DC is asking the question : ARE YOU READY TO ROCK ? !
DC is bringing you that sweet , sweet sound as METAL kicks off with two ground-shaking preludes—starting with DARK DAYS : THE FORGE in June and continuing with DARK DAYS : THE CASTING in July .
The New York Times best-selling writers Scott Snyder and James Tynion IV collaborate with iconic artists Andy Kubert , Jim Lee , and John Romita Jr. to bring these stories to life— laying the foundation for whats to come and showing you the first look into METAL and DARK MATTER this year .
DARK DAYS : THE FORGE begins with a discovery , and a secret . Aquaman , The Flash and more of DC 's pantheon of heroes suspects Batman of hiding a dark secret that could threaten the very existence of the Multiverse ! What has he discovered ? And how does this connect to the origins of one of DC 's most legendary heroes ?
Spearheaded by Snyder , METAL and it 's preludes will expand the DCU as we know it— revealing that the world of our favorite DC characters still has many areas left uncharted . Wonder Woman , Superman , Batman and the rest of the Justice League think they 've been to every corner of the Multiverse—but a looming threat is coming from a place they never knew existed .
Welcome to a crazy , melt-your-face , hard-rock space adventure like you 've never seen before .
Welcome to the Dark Multiverse .
The great comics event begins here—DARK DAYS : THE FORGE # 1 hits shelves June 14 .
× Close AVCAMSPlus Web Site available now
The Aviation Weather Camera Program Office is pleased to announce the availability of the AVCAMSPlus web site for public testing and feedback .
AVCAMSPlus represents the next generation of our legacy web site which incorporates camera images and weather information , along with additional data sets ( where available ) such as airport diagrams , chart supplements , and approach and departure procedures .
The Aviation Weather Camera Program Office is happy to recieve positive feedback and constructive comments about the new web site from our users . Please take the time to explore the new web site and send us your comments through the feedback link available at the top of the AVCAMSPlus web site . Your input is important to improve the service and make sure that the Aviation Weather Camera Program is meeting the expectations of our users .
The AVCAMSPlus web site can be reached from the following link :
Link will open in a new window .
As the 300,000 nuclear shelters in Switzerland become less likely to be used for their initial purpose , the authorities in Geneva have decided to use them for a different sort of crisis
It was built to withstand a 12-megaton explosion , but you 'd be forgiven for thinking it was just a car park . Hidden beneath a sports stadium , at the bottom of a ramp , only the reinforced steel door and civil defence insignia give clues as to its true identity . Most passers-by have no idea it 's even there , but this vast underground bunker is where a large part of Geneva 's population would find shelter in the event of a nuclear strike .
Of course , the prospect of nuclear armageddon breaking out on Lake Geneva in 2014 is unlikely . But that has n't stopped Switzerland preparing for it . Since 1978 , when a law was passed stipulating that all new buildings must incorporate a shelter , over 300,000 have sprung up across the country , providing the possibility of protection for every Swiss citizen ( and one million more besides ) .
Today , in the absence of any such threat , most bunkers lie empty and many are falling into disrepair . In Geneva , however , city authorities have found a novel use for these concrete cold war relics . This winter , as they have done for several winters , the doors of two bunkers will swing open to welcome in homeless people .
Some 200 beds are on offer every night , from November to April , for people desperate to escape the freezing temperatures . Although guests must be out by 8am and can stay no longer than 30 days , the shelters are nothing short of a lifesaver for many . Last year , the bunkers received 1,500 people of 65 different nationalities , each guest staying an average of 19 nights . More than half came directly from the street ; more than half had no income whatsoever .
For people like Serge , the shelters are invaluable . Serge usually lives a hand-to-mouth existence at Geneva 's Salvation Army night shelter . He has been homeless for some years , and his story is a sobering reminder that the same fate could befall almost anyone . He used to play the harpsichord with orchestras all over the world . Now , over a bowl of lukewarm lentil soup , he tells me he is trapped in a cycle of short-term work and hostels . Even fluency in four languages ca n't help him , and tonight 's soup is scant consolation after an unsuccessful day spent scouring the city for work . A bed at the Salvation Army shelter costs 15 CHF . In winter , when life on the street here becomes a battle against the elements , Serge will move to the fallout bunker .
In theory , nobody in Switzerland should be immersed in such poverty . The 2013 Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report suggests the average Swiss adult is worth $ 513,000 , and the OECD consistently ranks it as the top-rated nation for life satisfaction . But even the prosperous cities of Geneva and Bern have beds for the homeless – although the 315 they muster between them is clearly not enough . Homelessness is n't as visible here as it is in Paris or New York , but it definitely exists .
In Geneva , like anywhere , those forced to queue for free soup and a bed are homeless for myriad reasons . Often it 's through nothing more extraordinary than family breakdown , unemployment , addiction or bad luck . Though some citizens think of them as lazy or irresponsible , the vast majority of homeless people dearly want to pull themselves out of their predicaments . Many suffer from mental ill health , which can keep them from finding the help they need . Most , at one time , had a home , a job , a dream .
Although the majority of homeless people in Geneva are Swiss or French , a little hail from further afield . Saad , from Tunisia , is a good-natured and friendly man in his mid-30s who hauls a shabby green rucksack around the city in his search for work . I 've never seen a Tunisian press card before , but here it is , lying beside a bowl of soup and a slice of bread – Saad , it turns out , is a journalist who has reported from war zones all over the Middle East . Now he is fighting his own battle on the streets of Europe .
He 's aiming for Paris , but he 's not sure his money will get him that far . When he tells me how much he has left , nor am I . In Switzerland , the official poverty line in 2005 was 2,200 CHF per month for a single-person household , or 4,600 CHF for a family with two children . Saad counts out his money : about 100 CHF . This winter , Geneva 's nuclear bunkers may be his only hope , as they continue to play their part in a new cold war .
It looks like a watermelon but is the size of a grape and tastes something like a cross between a cucumber and a lime .
The tiny cucamelon is not some genetically modified laboratory creation , but rather an import which originated in the wilds of Mexico thousands of years ago .
And now , it has reached the high street as a grow-your-own plant alongside tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce .
Cucamelon plants and Indigo Rose tomato plants go on sale in 50 Waitrose branches costing £4 a pot
Waitrose is to offer pots of the vines that produce the cucamelons as part of a wider collection of plants that can be grown on a windowsill , tub or a vegetable plot .
The cucamelon plants have been grown by Suttons Seeds in Yorkshire and are part of a range created by James Wong , the Kew-trained botanist , science writer and author of the book Homegrown Revolution .
It also includes some salad tomato varieties , sweetcorn , cucumber and peppers , including the powerful Scotch Bonnet chilli .
Mr Wong said : ‘ The cucamelons can be eaten straight off the plant , or tossed with olives , slivers of pepper and a dousing of olive oil for a quirky snack with drinks - or even popped in a martini . '
The versatile plants can be grown easily and in the same way as a regular cucumber .
And there is no need for the cover of a greenhouse as long as there is n't a risk of frost .
The cucamelon , which has the Latin name Melothria scabra , is a vine grown for its edible fruit which originated in Mexico and Central America .
Other common names include sandiita or little watermelon , mouse melon , Mexican sour gherkin , Mexican miniature watermelon and Mexican sour cucumber .
They are pest and drought resistant and , in theory , the slow-growing vines can eventually grow up to ten feet under proper conditions .
Range-creator James Wong said : ‘ The cucamelons can be eaten straight off the plant , or tossed with olives , slivers of pepper and a dousing of olive oil for a quirky snack - or even popped in a martini . '
Victoria Mason , Waitrose outdoor plant buyer , said : ‘ We know that , after cooking , gardening is our customers ' favourite hobby , so we wanted to introduce something a little bit out of the ordinary that they can grow and enjoy .
‘ This fun fruit is easy to grow so is the perfect plant for all ages to try their hand at gardening .
'The new James Wong range shows you do n't have to stick with the traditional when growing your own vegetables and offers some exciting new additions for our customers ' gardens . '
The plants will be available from wednesday and will be in the majority of Waitrose branches by the end of April .
Bitcoin BitUnit Foundation to Host Bitcoin Conference in Ghana
The BitUnit Foundation is holding a Bitcoin blockchain conference in Accra , Ghana , in the region of Dansoman , on November 28 , 2015 . The group will introduce to attendees the importance of the digital currency and its underlying technology . Founder Richmond Asumin , also known as “ Colours , ” teamed up with local friends to create entrepreneurs in the African market , and gravitated to cryptocurrency education . Promoting Bitcoin was the natural choice for the young group , who wishes to eradicate disease and poverty within their countryside through Bitcoin 's use cases .
Also read : Marijuana Industry Could Still Use Bitcoin
“ Our Foundation 's short-term goal is to create greater adoption of Bitcoin by educating the masses on its potentials especially for Africans. ” — Richmond Asumin , BitUnit Foundation
The event will feature introductions with the newly formed BitUnit Foundation and a preface about the basics of Bitcoin including wallet creation , and daily use . Asumin tells us that after the discussions of the currency itself , the narration will start getting into the blockchain environment and surrounding industry . The group feels the currency aspect is “ just the beginning , ” and that the group will talk about the applications of blockchain technology to smart contracts and other disruptive tools of finance .
Vice President Sika Boateng believes that BitUnit is a grassroots organization that has been relentless when it comes to teaching Bitcoin to locals in Ghana . The group is advised by Peter Stelzhammer , who has a keen interest in promoting Bitcoin as a tool for a true laissez-faire market . Martin Albert speak at the conference about his experience with the digital currency when he started mining in 2011 . Albert is a strong supporter of Voluntaryism and is looking for ways to create decentralized services and exciting new technologies that give individuals control over their wealth .
“ Bitcoin will reduce the unbanking rate in Ghana , — Moreover , Bitcoin will improve businesses here by its acceptance as its transactions take a blind eye to receive payment without any intermediary . There is a low charge on bitcoin transactions and with bitcoin you are your own bank. ” — Richmond Asumin , BitUnit Foundation
Robert David McLeod will also present at the conference in Dansoman . The founder of the blockchain startup Monetsu.com has experience in technology , finance , and activism . McLeod is a former prize winner of the 2014 Global Bitcoin 2.0 Hackathon , and also organized the Vancouver meetups in his area .
From West Des Moines Iowa , Brock Hager will speak at the event about his experience in IT and the digital currency space . Hager has been associated with the Bitcoin ecosystem since 2013 and is an avid trainer .
Another passionate guest will be Timothy ( TimTayshun ) Curry , who believes the promotion of disruptive technologies “ reduce cost , streamline productivity , improve connectivity , promote commerce and inspire unity . ”
Andrew Wagner , who founded CoinFest the “ world 's first decentralized and open source convention about cryptocurrency ” will be discussing his involvement with adoption when he helped local businesses in Vancouver , accept the digital currency .
The group Omni Layer will be sponsoring the conference in Ghana . Liquid Ops Board Member of Omni , Patrick Dugan will also be speaking at the event . His team 's project involves building a protocol layer over the Bitcoin blockchain allowing users to generate , trade , and make bets with asset represented tokens .
“ BitUnit Foundation is for us to use our platform to educate the people of Africa . How bitcoin can help Africans to improve their businesses to the global world. ” — Richmond Asumin , BitUnit Foundation
Lastly , the chief architect and founder of Factom Paul Snow will be in attendance . Factom is a data layer for the blockchain that allows users to virtually timestamp documents and organizations . Snow has been an early advocate of the digital currency and founded the Texas Bitcoin Conference . The designer of Factom 's core technology will give insight to attendees during the conference about the many benefits of Bitcoin and blockchain technology and how it can reshape their countryside .
The event aims to teach the residents and visitors of Ghana the importance of Bitcoin . The team believes that conferences and events throughout the country will help “ ignite the markets of Africa ” through the digital currency 's advocacy . BitUnit says they have a motto they hold dear , and that this event will show the meaning of their slogan , “ To Unite Africans Through The Use Of Cryptocurrency . ”
What events will you be attending this year ? Let us know in the comments below !
Images courtesy of Redmemes , Pixbay , and BitUnit
The Chips are Bluetooth headphones that fit inside your snow helmet . A rechargeable battery gives you 10 hours of playtime . That way you can listen to that heat playlist while you carve the pow pow . The built-in microphone let 's you make calls so you can lock in that après reservation .
Details
WARNING : This product can expose you to chemicals including Acrylonitrile , which is known to the State of California to cause cancer . For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov .
TBT to when you used to have to carry your MP3 + your ear buds + your smartphone + your walkie-talkie + heated mittens when you would go ride your local hill . Then remember that time when Outdoor Tech came out with a wireless helmet audio to make your snow trip stress free ? No wires , no need to take off them gloves and you can leave your phone in your pocket . Now , we 've taken the Chips 2.0 and dropped in some sweet new technology , and then slapped it with an app that transforms your Chips 2.0 into working push-to-talk communication dynamos . We 're working our way through the list to cross off stuff that you need to bring until it is just your skis , your poles , and your birthday suit going down the slopes ( … we 'll test in France first ) . There 's no limit to the range on the Chips 2.0 Walkie-Talkie feature ; so for now , stay light , wireless , and connected with this helmet audio system .
Wireless Audio for your Helmet
Works with nearly any audio compatible helmet , the Chips 2.0 stream music from your Bluetooth audio device , completely wirelessly . Each earpiece features a single oversized button that you can operate easily with your mittens still on . Simple button press combinations let you control every feature without ever removing your device from your pocket .
Clean Sound , Clear Highs , Big Bass
The Chips 2.0 come equipped with optimally tuned 40mm drivers to create incredible sound in your melon saver . You may not want to take your helmet off , ever . If this leads to people wearing lids on the street in the middle of summer , well , all we can say is : we set the trend .
Walkie Talkie Feature Built-In !
Grabbed the Chips 2.0 ? Great , now go set your phone up with our free ODT Walkie-Talkie app and get started creating some groups . Your 99 favorite snowboarding friends ? Check . Your bunny hill loving little brothers ? Sure , knock yourself out . Setup those favs and then use those Chips 2.0 to talk to each group using just the Chips 2.0 . And since it uses your cell network , the range is truly limitless ( provided you got bars ) .
Phone Calls
The Bluetooth connection , built-in microphone , and simple button interface of the Chips 2.0 mean you can answer your next call without removing your helmet or gloves . No more fishing in your pants or pulling off your lid to tell your Ma you 'll be home in time for dinner . Just make sure you hang up before you start hassling ski patrol or debating skate laws with the police .
Helmet Compatibility
The Chips 2.0 are compatible with helmets from the following manufacturers ( and possibly more ) , as long as they have slots for audio drop-ins : Bern , Giro , Smith , K2 , Anon , Pro-Tec , Bolle
//Features
40mm drivers deliver Hi-Fi sound to your lid , wirelessly . Yesssss
ODT Walkie-Talkie App provides push-to-talk communication with your crew with limitless range
Patented 2-button control system allows you to adjust volume , change tracks , play/pause music , answer calls , & engage the app from outside your helmet knit , without removing your gloves
Rechargeable lithium-ion battery
Built-in microphone for calls , chats with Siri & Walkie-Talkie Interface
Rugged , minimal design fits into virtually any helmet
3.5mm audio in jack for non-Bluetooth device compatibility
Included 3.5mm wire controls volume , pauses , plays , and takes calls
IP45 sweat- and water-resistant
Tested to work perfectly at -20°C/-4° F ( brrr , that 's cold )
PLAY TIME : 10 hours wireless on battery ; infinite playback when wired
STANDBY TIME : 280 hours
WIRELESS RANGE : 32 feet
INCLUDES : USB Charging Cable , 3.5 to Micro-USB Converter , 3.5mm Audio Control Cable , ODT Logo Carry Pouch , User Manual & Stickers
Patent No . US D704,676
Patent No . CHINA ZL 2013 3 0218220.8
Patent No . EUROPEAN 002230466-001
* Additional Global Patents Pending
The Daily Show 's Michelle Wolf went all-in on Ivanka Trump Wednesday night , tearing into her wholly-undeserved reputation as a moderating force on her father , who , in case you forgot , is currently the President of the United States . Ivanka 's hypocrisy is n't exactly breaking news—here are a few Slate articles on that very topic—but there 's never a bad time to drag the Trump family , and Wolf does a sharp job of it , particularly when she highlights this sickening passage from Ivanka 's 2009 book The Trump Card : Playing to Win in Work and Life :
Sexual harassment is never acceptable , and we must stand against it . At the same time … learn to figure out when a hoot or a holler is indeed a form of harassment and when it 's merely a good-natured tease that you can give back in kind .
Besides the inherent hilarity in referring to sexual harassment as “ a hoot or a holler , ” this does n't seem like very good advice from Ivanka , particularly when dealing with Donald Trump . But Wolf would object to Ivanka 's brand of feminism even if her father were n't the Grossest President in History . “ She 's not trying to change the patriarchy , she 's telling women how to silently slide into it , like a DM , ” Wolf observes , after showing how many of Ivanka 's tips boil down to “ Do n't be poor. ” That kind of fake feminism is not just an Ivanka Trump problem , and it will be worth hooting and hollering over long after these boneheads leave Washington for good .
D.Jaba Mathieu & Sozyone Gonzalez are two well known graffiti-artists from the European scene . They 've been painting and travelling around the world for more than 20 years before moving to LA to focus on this book ; A project they initiated when they first met in 1996 , but was impossible to conceive due to their constant on-the-road lifestyle . In 2007 , Jaba joined Industrial Light & Magic ( ILM ) , a division of Lucasfilm Ltd in Singapore , as a Concept Artist and Digi-Matte Painter , working on feature films like Transformers , Iron Man and Star Trek . While Sozyone kept focusing on his art , doing more than 20 solo exhibitions all around Europe ... just check his name on Google images ...
‘ What is unique about Dider Jaba Mathieu 's work is his background founded in urban culture . His concept art has real ideas , not just emulating what others are doing '
David Nakabayashi , I.L.M . Industrial Light & Magic
‘ Born in Brussels , Sozyone Gonzalez has lived through a decade saturated in culture : the break-dancing of the 80s , the graffiti of the 90s , the gallery crawl of the 00s . Somewhere in between forging Belgian franks in 1982 and recording albums , Sozyone has amassed a great oeuvre . Sozyone is the real deal '
Evan Pricco , Juxtapoz
Vince Argentine is a California native who has been working in the video game and movie industry in Los Angeles for the past 15 years ( Resident Evil Game Series , Rise of Planet of the Apes , ... ) His focus has been on 3d characters and animation , which led him to forming Springboard Productions and Mocap Militia , a 3d animation studio that offers Motion Capture services and 3D Character Animation .
Each hardcover book will be handcrafted and stitched with silk page markers and finished with embossed metallic red ink on black fabric . This volume comes with 200 full color pages on 200gsm paper , printed with love in Italy . In order to keep the look and feel of traditional art in a comic book , we decided to craft each panel on paper first , then scan and colorize it on a computer , before they are printed and re-drawn completing the last step of the creative process . This amazing comic
will contain 16 chapters from the first episode of ENEMIES .
If this Kickstarter succeeds , we will be able to dive head first into the world of ENEMIES without worrying about dividing our time amongst freelance work just to pay the bills . With this campaign , we can also begin production of all the rewards that are inspired by the Graffiti lifestyle . From offset CMYK wheatpaste posters and classic vinyl stickers to the very limited 100 % cotton crew neck T-shirts made in the USA , unique canvases and hand made sculptures ; Every item is exclusive to Kickstarter so every backer can have an extra special part of us .
If you help us reach our goal , we will upload our work in progress once a week and keep you posted on all the special items available . Most of our items are ready for production , so show us some love if you enjoy this project as much as we do !
Our limited edition T-shirts are up for grabs . We will have 10 t-shirts available for free to the top 10 people that share our kickstarter campain the most on thier facebook and Twitter pages .
Here 's a simulation preview of the t-shirts and one of six posters .
We will be painting fresh new canvases and making crazy new scupltures inspired by ENEMIES for our backers . Here 's a quick preview of two canvases from Sozyone 's ‘ Venganza ' exhibition at Celal Gallery in Paris , France and a sculpture from ‘ G.I.P.S.Y . Graffiti Is Probably Scaring You ' exhibition at Speerstra Gallery in Bursin , Switzerland .
Caught in the busy streets of Tokyo , Kimiko , Dustin and Jules are on a mission : to paint one of the most prominent buildings in Shibuya . Kimiko is a famous international artist , Dustin is a photographer from The RedSun Times while Jules is simply in love with Kimiko and will do anything to be close to her .
Without any rational explanation , the three were captured by an intense light from the night sky , only to find themselves trapped in Hantunopolis , the sole city on Planet Queen , the sixth planet of the Ort solar system .
On this planet reigns a global dictatorship governed with an iron fist by the Grand Vorzon , a terrifying and unscrupulous creature who holds the secret of immortality , an alchemy which calls for the extinction of the Vorris . Known for their gigantic height and Herculean strength , the Vorris are forced into labor by the Grand Vorzon and his Diktat . They are astonishingly gentle creatures who coexist peacefully with the Råds , second species on Planet Queen , who are smaller , lighter and faster than the Vorris . Both species are part of the Animachloroticavertibulis kingdom ( animated carnivorous vertebrate intelligent plants ) .
The Planet Queen is an Orichalcumfield , a precious metal found in its depths , one that is extremely rare and highly coveted by The 64 United Galaxies Kontinuum ( The Kogauni ) for its inter-dimensional properties . The Grand Vorzon was elected by The Cosmic Equation to exploit and manage the Red Orichalcumfield extraction . In light of the dictator 's oppression , The Kogauni has closed its eyes , with impunity , to terror and the abolition of writing on the planet for over three centuries . The dictator has other plans ; he longs for immortality and the power to rejuvenate himself .
All Vorris have a seed-heart , which upon death becomes the most majestic tree in the Universe : the Trom . The sap of the Trom , known as the Naleter , is `` The Vigour of Youth '' and the Grand Vorzon will use a ruse , pushing the Vorris to their limits and leaving them to die . However , his impatience , his greed and his unquenchable thirst will lead him to defy inter-galactic laws .
For millenia , the Human race has been considered the most dangerous virus in the Universe.Thousands of failed interventions have been led by the Kogauni to change the destructive mentality and nature of Man , and so remains the only species excluded from The Cosmic Equation .
The Grand Vorzon decides to use multi-scalar technology to place three Humans upon Planet Queen and by doing so , he believes they will contaminate and exterminate the Vorris . A noxious and deadly plan that will make Kimiko , Dustin and Jules team up with Shør , the only rebellious Vorri against the system in Hantunopolis . Together they will try to free Vorris and Råds from the Grand Vorzon 's obsession and above all , reinstall Cosmic Equilibrium by going back to Earth .
The only hope for the Vorris ' survival ... Is to annihilate the virus : Mankind
Just add as you want following the instructions in our Kickstarter page
or email us at enemiesthecomic @ gmail.com know if you have queries and we will do our best to accommodate to your special requests answering within 24 hours .
The Palestinian prisoner who appeared to be killed by a young boy on a video released by ISIS was definitely not an Israeli spy — but was instead lured into joining the terrorist organization by the extremists themselves , his father said .
Said Musalam claims his son , Mohamed Said Ismail Musalam , was tricked into joining the Islamic State in Syria after they promised him a lavish life filled with women , money and cars .
Speaking to the Associated Press on Wednesday from the family 's home in east Jerusalem , the distraught dad explained that the 19-year-old was in no way working with Israel as an informant , which ISIS claimed was the reason he was being executed .
In the 13-minute video , a boy dressed in camouflage , appearing to be no older than 10 , stands behind Ismail as he kneels on the ground . After making a brief statement in French accusing him of being a spy for the Mossad , the child steps forward and purportedly shoots Ismail in the head .
Musalam said that his son was on his way home to visit his sick mom before the ISIS savages captured and executed him .
“ He got worried when he knew that his mom was sick , ” he explained in Arabic . “ [ ISIS ] put him in jail and they hit him and made him make confessions . ”
“ Mohammad was told by them to say that he worked for the Israelis , ” Musalam added . “ Mohammed did n't say so about himself . Any honorable person would be ready to get executed and not say such words … but they pushed on Mohammed to say so . ”
Musalam also opened up to the AP about the moment he watched the chilling execution video for the first time .
He said that his wife and other family members had been too shaken up to view the footage .
“ I will leave it to God and what happened to my son Mohamed I hope God will do the same for you , your sons and your family , ” Musalam told the AP , addressing ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . “ God knows that one day we 'll meet , whether in paradise or in hell , and we 'll settle the accounts . ”
1 December 2013
Shown : Firefighters checking vehicle wreckage to absolutely confirm Walker 's death
Actor Paul Walker was killed Saturday in a fiery Southern California auto crash , which accident investigators are calling `` an apparent act of fatal typecasting '' . Walker , 40 , was a passenger in a red Porsche driven by his unrelated friend Johnnie Walker when the car left the roadway , hit a hidden ramp , flew thirty-five feet in the air , made three complete , then wrapped around a tree and exploded into flames . Both occupants were pronounced dead at the scene . According to eyewitness accounts , the accident occurred quickly , and was very `` intense '' , but was also `` a little bit awesome '' . Walker , the repeated victim of Twitter hoaxes claiming to report his death , confirmed his own death two hours later with the following post :
A local paper , the Santa Clarita Valley Signal , quoted Antonio Holmes , a friend of Walker 's , as saying `` Him and his buddy ... just decided to joyride , take a spin . '' Reports that Holmes then burst into a fit of giggles has not been confirmed .
Shortly after news of Walker 's death broke at around 3:30PM PST , the Internet momentarily became unusable due to millions of Twitter and Facebook users attempting to post the word `` FAKE '' simultaneously . However , when the news was officially confirmed , condolences flooded in from around the Internet , with Alyssa Milano tweeting `` No , @ RealPaulWalker . No . No . No . Rest with the angels . You . Sweet boy . # beauty # love # RIP '' , and Walker 's Furious co-star Vin Diesel adding , `` yo I just learned to use my thumbs but tough break @ RealPaulWalker well miss you '' . On a down note , film critic Leonard Maltin gave Walker 's death only two stars , citing his `` wooden performance '' .
Known for his stubbly good looks and for his ability to express various degrees of bemusement on command , Walker made a name for himself with multifaceted and complex star turns in such films as The Fast and the Furious , 2 Fast , 2 Furious , Fast & Furious , Fast and Furious Five , Faster and Furiouser 6 , Fast and Furious 7 : The Revenge of the Neverending Sequel , and Brokedown Palace .
Walker was preceded in death by his own career .
Sources
CLOSE IndyStar 's Gregg Doyel says the Indiana Pacers could n't take subtle hints about Paul George . WXIN/WTTV
Indiana Pacers forward Paul George ( 13 ) reacts after missing a three-point shot that would have ties the game in the final seconds in the second half of their NBA playoff basketball game Sunday , April 23 , 2017 , afternoon at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . The Pacers lost to the Cavaliers 106-102 . ( Photo : Matt Kryger/IndyStar )
INDIANAPOLIS — After the news broke Sunday about Paul George 's looming departure from the Indiana Pacers , fans of the team began to voice frustration , depression and anger on social media .
George intends to leave the Pacers as a free agent after next season with the expressed preference of joining his hometown Los Angeles Lakers . In conjunction with previous comments by Earvin `` Magic '' Johnson , the Lakers president of basketball operations , the news caused a large segment of those Pacers fans to wonder about tampering .
Did the Lakers entice George to leave the Pacers ? What about Johnson 's public comments about George and the Lakers ? Could the Lakers be fined or penalized by the NBA ?
MORE :
Doyel : Pacers will lose without Paul George , but need to lose the right way
Doyel : Pacers finally get the message -- Paul George is gone
Insider : Paul George 's desire to leave Pacers leaves Kevin Pritchard with impossible task
Apr 7 , 2017 ; Los Angeles , CA , USA ; Magic Johnson , Los Angeles Lakers president for basketball operations acknowledges the fans as he attends the game against the Sacramento Kings at Staples Center . Lakers won 98-94 . Mandatory Credit : Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Sports ( Photo : Jayne Kamin-Oncea , Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Sports )
That 's unlikely to happen , according to multiple league sources .
The Pacers , according to a source , are more concerned about finding a team or multiple teams to help facilitate a trade that would bring them the most compensation possible in exchange for George . Kevin Pritchard , the Pacers ' new president , engaged with several teams Monday about potential trades involving George , according to a source . Pritchard is hoping to have a trade agreement in place before Thursday 's draft .
As of Monday afternoon , the Pacers had not contacted the NBA about the possibility that the Lakers tampered with George , who has one year left on his contract with Indiana .
George , who is from Palmdale , Calif. , had his agent , Aaron Mintz , inform Pritchard on Saturday that he wants his next destination to be a homecoming with the Lakers , a franchise that has won 16 championships . George at several points has mentioned his friendship with Johnson and his admiration for Kobe Bryant , the former Laker who won five titles in Los Angeles .
Johnson went to his Twitter account within an hour of an initial report about George 's intentions on Sunday by Yahoo 's `` The Vertical . ''
“ God is so good ! ” Johnson wrote , which had fans , analysts and conspiracy theorists contemplating possible tampering .
God is so good ! — Earvin Magic Johnson ( @ MagicJohnson ) June 18 , 2017
More directly , Johnson had acknowledged in a late-night TV interview in April that he would love for George to be a Laker . He winked several times when answering a question about George and said that such a gesture would be understood after he said hello to George if the two see one another this summer in Los Angeles . After next season , George could sign a four-year deal with the Lakers worth as much as $ 130 million .
Johnson also said in the interview that he had to learn the NBA 's rules , as a new executive , when it came to discussing players not on the Lakers roster .
CLOSE Paul George has been with the Indiana Pacers for seven seasons . Here are his honors and averages Scott Horner/IndyStar
“ I had to go to CBA school , salary cap school and tampering school , ” Johnson said , laughing . “ You ca n't tamper with somebody else 's player . ”
The NBA has handed down punishments to several teams about tampering with players . The league , in a memo , shared its definition of tampering to teams in 2013 :
“ Article 35A of the NBA Constitution states that it 's a violation of the league 's anti-tampering rule for any person affiliated with an NBA team to directly or indirectly ( i ) entice , induce , or persuade , or attempt to entice , induce or persuade , any player , coach , GM or other person under contract to any other NBA team to enter into negotiations for or relating to that person 's services or to negotiate or contract for such services , or ( ii ) otherwise interfere with the employment relationship between that employee and the other NBA team . ”
The constitution states that penalties for tampering include suspension of the offending person , prohibition of the offending team from hiring the person being tampered with , forfeiture of draft picks and team fines of up to $ 5 million .
A source said the only action the NBA could take at this point is to issue a warning to Johnson and the Lakers .
Johnson 's comments , however , do n't seem much different from what then-Sacramento Kings coach Michael Malone said in a news conference about Los Angeles Clippers guard Chris Paul to earn a fine in 2013 . Malone said Paul would `` look pretty good in a Sacramento Kings uniform . '' The amount of the fine was not announced .
The Atlanta Hawks and Houston Rockets were also fined for tampering in 2013 .
A letter sent by a Hawks employee to season ticket holders mentioned Paul and Lakers ' center Dwight Howard as possible signees in free agency .
“ With massive cap space , 4 draft picks , and free agency rapidly approaching , we sit in the best position in the NBA , ” read the Hawks ' letter , sent via email . “ Player interest is skyrocketing as the possibilities of landing Chris Paul & Dwight Howard become more and more of a reality . ”
The Rockets reportedly were fined for articles that appeared on the team 's website previewing free agency .
Other infractions include the Toronto Raptors being fined $ 25,000 in 2014 for comments that hip-hop artist Drake made during his concert about Kevin Durant . As the Raptors ' global brand ambassador , Drake encouraged the audience to chant “ KD ! ” after he encouraged Durant to leave the Oklahoma City Thunder to join Toronto 's franchise .
“ My brother Kevin Durant was kind enough to come to the show tonight and watch us , ” Drake said then . “ I just want him to see what would happen if he came to play in Toronto . ”
When The Miami Heat were discovered to have tampered with Pat Riley in 1995 by negotiating with him when he was still the coach of the New York Knicks , the Heat agreed to compensate the Knicks with $ 1 million and their first-round draft pick in 1996 to avoid a penalty from the league .
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Call IndyStar reporter Nate Taylor at ( 317 ) 444-6484 . Follow him on Twitter : @ ByNateTaylor .
Oakland County Judge Lisa Gorcyca sent 3 children to juvenile detention in contentious custody case
Buy Photo Oakland County Judge Lisa Gorcyca is on trial Tuesday , May 31 , 2016 , in Plymouth at the 35th District Court , on two Judicial Tenure Commission misconduct charges for her handling of the fight between Omer Tsimhoni and Maya Eibschitz-Tsimhoni . Regina H. Boone/Detroit Free Press ( Photo : Regina H. Boone , Detroit Free Press ) Buy Photo
A special master appointed by the Michigan Judicial Tenure Commission says Oakland County Judge Lisa Gorcyca was guilty of misconduct when she held three children in contempt of court in a contentious custody case and sent them to juvenile detention after they refused to interact with their estranged father .
The ruling released this afternoon found Gorcyca `` failed to establish , maintain , enforce , and personally observe high standards of conduct so that the integrity and independence of the judiciary may be preserved . '' It also says she failed to take `` personal responsibility for her own behavior '' on the bench , an apparent reference to charges she lied in her initial response to the Judicial Commission 's investigation .
The ruling comes after a trial in late May before a judge over complaints filed by the Judicial Tenure Commission , accusing Gorcyca of inappropriate behavior during a June 24 , 2015 , hearing involving the three minor children of Omer Tsimhoni and Maya Eibschitz-Tsimhoni .
The case drew international media attention last summer when Gorcyca remanded the three children , now 14 , 11 and 10 , to Mandy 's Place , a facility within the Children 's Village juvenile detention center , for refusing to participate in parenting time with their father . The complaint accused Gorcyca of speaking to the children with anger and sarcasm and misrepresenting facts by telling the children they would be locked in jail cells and forced to use the bathroom in front of others , possibly until they turned 18 .
She also at one point accused at least one of the children of engaging in cult-like behavior similar to the followers of infamous mass murderer Charles Manson , while twirling her finger around the side of her head .
The findings next go to the full Judicial Tenure Commission , which will decide whether to accept the findings and submit them to the Michigan Supreme Court with a recommendation for discipline . Gorcyca can also challenge the findings at the Supreme Court level .
Wayne County Circuit Judge Daniel Ryan , the special master appointed to preside over the judicial trial , had a harsh rebuke for Gorcyca at the conclusion of his ruling .
`` Contrary to the chilling impact Judge Gorcyca contends this case will have on judges across the state , this is not a case that stands for the proposition that judges can not employ stern language or make difficult decisions from the bench in contentious cases . It is a disciplinary action which stands for the singular proposition that if a judge is going to use the inherent power of contempt , the ultimate 'tool in the toolbox ' after years of 'frustration , ' the judge may wish to consult the owner 's manual to make sure that she or he is using the tool properly before employing one of the 34 penultimate tools of inherent judicial power , a contempt finding , to deprive any individual , or children in this case , of their liberty . ''
Neither Gorcyca nor her attorney could be immediately reached for comment by the Free Press .
Come back to the Free Press for more on this breaking story .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/296fgnv
Joe Shely Answers Community Questions in Live Q & A Session
by Stephen Stewart - 2 years ago
On Thursday , December 15 , Senior Game Designer Joe Shely sat down to answer questions provided by the community via Facebook , the official forums , Twitter , and other locations . This event took place on the Facebook Live streaming platform for about 30 minutes and was moderated by Community Manager Nevalistis . Below , you can find a rough transcription/summary of the questions and Joe 's responses .
Update : If you missed the live session or want to watch it again , it is currently available on Diablo 's Facebook page .
Can you explain more in depth how the move to 64-bit will enhance our game experience ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely There will be faster load times and with the move to Direct X 11 , there should be some graphical improvements as well . This is coming in Patch 2.4.3 .
Are you happy with the current Paragon system or do you think it needs to be reworked ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely The Paragon system is an alternate progression track . It allows for a broad portion of the Diablo audience to keep gaining power and making progress . Ultra-competitive players should look forward to Challenge Rifts since everyone will have the same powers and Paragon level . Challenge Rifts will come from actual players and their runs . Players will likely be rewarded with bounty materials/caches just for beating the original player 's time and then there will be Leaderboards to compete on .
Do you have plans to rework the Barbarian 's Wrath of the Wastes set ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely This set is actually modified on the Patch Test Realm ( PTR ) right now . We want to increase the set 's overall power level and new changes ( in addition to the ones already there ) will be pushed to the PTR in a forthcoming patch . We also wanted to make sure to touch multiple sets for the different classes so that there was a bit more diversity and choice . Specific to Wrath of the Wastes , we do n't want the tornadoes to destroy performance of the game and we believe that we 've made changes to help with that . We also do n't want the tornadoes to dominate the damage output of the set . We want about 60 % of the damage to come directly from Whirlwind itself and about 40 % to come from the tornadoes .
At BlizzCon you mentioned that the Necromancer 's themes are Reanimation , Blood , and Bone , but what about Poison ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely Necromancer skills are still being developed . The Blood theme/the theme of decay is really strong . We 're able to build a lot of strong gameplay around these themes . Poison has n't come into the mix yet , but potentially you might see a few runes . The Witch Doctor is heavily themed in Poison though , so we do n't want to step on its toes . We want to play up the strongest themes possible for the Necromancer to give it individuality .
Will the PS4 and Xbox One players get the anniversary patch at the same time as PC players ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely Yes , console players will receive the patch at the same time as PC players . We are also excited to bring seasons to consoles soon and the feature is being developed from the ground up specifically for integration with console , just like how the console version was not a direct copy of the PC version .
Saffron Wrap : Most Legendaries need synergy to be incorporated into a set . Will Overpower receive that treatment ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We thought about putting Overpower in the Wrath of the Wastes set , but wanted to keep it tied to Rend and Whirlwind . We 're still thinking about what to do with Overpower and will re-evaluate after it and the Saffron Wrap see use in the next patch .
Group play is more rewarding than solo play . Can something be done to reduce the disparity between the two ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We want to make changes to make the solo experience more fun , particularly while doing bounties . We 're still working on it . It 's on our radar .
Are there plans to rework the Akkhan 's set ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We added the amulet for the set on the PTR to give players flexibility . We want to see what people do with that first and then we 'll see where we go from there .
Are there plans to add more achievements ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely Yes , once the Necromancer comes out , there will be tons of achievements associated with that .
How do the developers feel about sets that outperform others such as Firebird 's ? What kind of changes can we look forward to regarding set balancing , if any ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We are careful about making changes to things that are too strong because we do n't want players to log in and be weaker . We are buffing other sets instead to potentially provide playstyles that have fallen by the wayside with more power so that players can use them without feeling too far behind .
Are there any plans to overhaul and improve the character skill system ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely The skill system is a foundational element , so , as a live game , we would n't make changes to such an integral system . However , because of how the skill system works , that 's what allows us to create such wild powers on Legendary items . This is how we were able to produce something like the Legacy of Nightmares sets , for instance .
Can we get a new transmog set for seasonal rewards ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely New cosmetics are coming in Season 9 . New portrait frames , etc .
When is Season 8 ending and Season 9 starting ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely It will be announced very soon in a blog post . Season 9 will start shortly after Season 8 ends . You will see Season 9 go live somewhere around the launch of Patch 2.4.3 .
Will there be an alternative , true end game that can compete with Greater Rifts ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We see Seasons as a way to continue to engage with the game over a long period of time . We think that Seasons keeps the game fresh with the Season Journey and re-rolling new characters . We believe that this is an end game as well . To specifically adress the question , Greater Rifts are the place to make your characters as powerful as possible . There are also the Challenge Rifts to look forward to . There will be new builds and Challenge Rifts to check out on a frequent basis .
Are there any plans to lessen the dominance of the Archon skill for Wizards ?
Originally Posted by Joe Shely We do feel that it is a dominant Wizard skill . Del Sere 's Magnum Opus , however , is a set that does n't use Archon and it got a buff on PTR , so we hope people will check that out and potentially we will shake things up more in the future .
Why do n't community managers and developers interact more with the community ?
Originally Posted by Nevalistis We are experimenting with a few different ways of communicating , with this Facebook live stream as a prime example . When people respond positively , it helps us understand which modes of communication people like more . We use that information , among other things , to help consider which platforms we will use and what will reach the most people . We wo n't abandon certain avenues , but we do n't want to spread ourselves too thin either . We are always looking for ways to open the lines of communication .
Originally Posted by Joe Shely The developers read the forums . I was going through the PTR forums in particular last night to look for things that we might change . As an example , there will be tweaks to Greater Rifts due to direct feedback left by the community in the official forums , so we appreciate the feedback , especially in the directed PTR feedback posts .
Seeing as you work for Blizzard , and particularly work on the Diablo team , what kinds of things does the Diablo team want for Christmas ?
Migrants in a makeshift camp in Paris , Thursday , Dec. 21 , 2017 . The French government is scrambling to meet President Emmanuel Macron 's deadline to get migrants off France 's streets by year 's end . ( AP Photo/Thibault Camus )
PARIS ( AP ) — It 's getting colder , the clock is ticking and regional authorities are scrambling to meet President Emmanuel Macron 's deadline : get migrants off France 's streets and out of forest hideouts by year 's end .
That wo n't likely happen , and Macron 's government is now tightening the screws : ramping up expulsions , raising pressure on economic migrants and allowing divisive ID checks in emergency shelters .
Critics contend that Macron 's increasingly tough policy on migrants — though wrapped in a cloak of goodwill — contradicts his image as a humanist who defeated an anti-immigrant populist for the presidency , and has crossed a line passed by no other president in the land that prides itself as the cradle of human rights .
From snowy Alpine passes to the borders with Spain or Germany , migrants keep making their way to France . In Paris alone , police have evacuated around 30,000 people camping on sidewalks in the last two years .
No one doubts that France 's system of dealing with migrants needs fixing , with a perennial housing shortage and long wait times in applying for asylum .
“ Living in the street . Living in a tent . Sometimes you get food . Sometimes you not get food , ” said Samsoor Rasooli , a 25-year-old Afghan standing in line since 6 a.m. to apply for asylum at a Paris facility , where some spend the night on the sidewalk , strewn with filth , to keep their place . The door closed at mid-day , the 100 places allotted that day for applicants filled .
“ It 's winter . I ca n't sleep in the street , ” Rasooli said .
Asylum opens the way for temporary housing , but only one-third of the 95,000 applicants this year were accepted , government officials say .
The huge makeshift camp in the English Channel port city of Calais , dismantled last year , was emblematic of the problems . Its residents were dispersed around France , but others keep coming in hopes of reaching Britain , and are finding a rude welcome . France 's highest administrative body said the migrants have been subjected to inhuman and degrading conditions , and an investigation ordered by the interior minister found that it was “ plausible ” that police used excessive force against migrants , as Human Rights Watch maintained .
A bill overhauling asylum and immigration policy will be debated in the spring , notably expediting asylum demands but also doubling to 90 days the time a person without papers can be held in a holding center , the last step before expulsion — an approach the government says is “ balanced ” and “ efficient . ”
Macron said in a speech in July in Orleans before a group of new citizens that he wanted people “ off the streets , out of the woods ” by the end of 2017 . “ I want emergency lodgings everywhere . ”
While his words conveyed humanity , the underlying message bites .
Macron has made clear he would n't accept economic migrants in France , wants those who do n't qualify for asylum expelled and does n't want them even trying to come to France .
The French president has been rolling out a multi-pronged approach that stretches to Africa , with points set up in Chad and Niger to pre-select those certain of gaining asylum — and weed out potential economic migrants .
At home , Interior Minister Gerard Collomb has ordered prefects , regional representatives of the state , to crack down on illegal immigration , “ act quickly ” to expel those who fail to gain asylum and report results within weeks , according to a November order cited by the newspaper Le Monde .
A newer set of orders in December rang alarm bells . Collomb told regional authorities to set up “ mobile teams ” to run checks in emergency housing to ascertain the status of migrants . Emergency shelters are considered bedrocks of the French tradition of open arms to those in need and have long been considered untouchable , even by security authorities .
The accent on security in dealing with immigration has appalled even some who support the centrist Macron .
In a first , a lawmaker from Macron 's young party broke ranks last week with critical remarks about the direction the country is taking on the immigration issue .
“ All foreigners in France are not terrorists . All foreigners in France are not indelicate social aid fraudsters , ” said Sonia Krimi , to the applause of the opposition .
Far-right leader Marine Le Pen , defeated by Macron in the May presidential race , sees the direction the government is taking as a “ political victory ” for her anti-immigration National Front party .
“ What the government wants is more expulsions ” and “ more quickly , ” Jacques Toubon , the state-appointed national rights defender , told France-Inter radio . But “ the situation of vulnerable people is n't taken into account . ”
Feeling the heat , Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has announced consultations starting Jan. 11 with mayors , lawmakers and aid groups that play a major role in helping to feed and house migrants .
On the ground , authorities are scrambling to show they are following the president 's clear-the-streets orders .
A camp of about 40 Afghan migrants was dismantled last week in the Pas-de-Calais region in northern France , and another was taken down in Macon in the east . On Thursday , a camp on the banks of the Seine river was the latest in Paris to be bulldozed , with 131 migrants taken to shelters .
Police staked out a tollbooth north of Paris in an operation against the “ migrant flux , ” stopping car after car to check for migrants who do n't have residency documents .
Patrick Weil , among France 's leading immigration specialists , said Macron “ tweets about human rights and refugees during the day and at night gives the opposite orders . ”
Weil contended on BFM-TV that Macron 's approach is “ the most extreme we 've had since the war . ”
It 's coated “ with a smile , with bonbons , but in practice it 's a dagger , ” he said .
Buy Photo East High School in Rochester , N.Y. on Wednesday March 19 2014 . ( Photo : CARLOS ORTIZ , staff photographer ) Buy Photo
The last time I was at East High School , I watched a boy try to ask a question about a tornado . It was a Friday morning and there was blood on the floor , spit there by a student who 'd been punched in the mouth on the way from his previous class . Another girl walked in dripping water from an ice pack she held to her eye . They both looked down or out the window as two other boys got in an argument .
Eventually the biggest of them had to be escorted from the room . The smaller one shouted loudly after him that he ought to go perform a particular sex act .
This week : East High faces uncertain future
PDF : In letter to Vargas , options for East listed
The teacher told one girl to get off of her desk , stop talking and put away her phone . The girl stayed put , telling the teacher she was almost finished with whatever she was doing . The teacher told another boy to stop walking around the classroom and talking loudly . He ignored her .
Just a typical Friday morning , the teacher would say later .
She tried her best to get through her lesson about severe storms . At some point a quiet student who was sitting in the back asked a question about the tornado that had just happened in Oklahoma . The teacher barely heard it because the boy who had been escorted out was back , and walking around the classroom shouting . She started to answer , but then another kid was sitting on a desk , or walking around the room or swearing at somebody and that was that .
I thought about the boy with the tornado question when it was announced that East is likely to be reorganized , closed or turned into a charter school due to persistently poor graduation rates . Slightly more than forty percent of students graduate in four years and so the state has ordered Superintendent Bolgen Vargas to remake the high school . As one of that science teacher 's students once suggested , `` What they need to do is have a school for the kids who make As and Bs . ''
I think she meant that schools should offer a space for the kids who want to be respectful , to ask questions about the subject matter and do their work . Too many classrooms are hijacked by kids with behavioral problems . Teachers ca n't teach when they are always putting out fires . Students ca n't learn if they ca n't get their questions answered .
There is a trend away from suspending students . But there ought to be more programs strictly for students who follow the rules . Students who are respectful and follow directions ought to have their own classrooms in which there is zero tolerance for disobeying teachers , swearing and disrupting lessons . If you break the rules , you are out . Reentry could be gained by doing some community service or something like that .
I am sure there is some reason why some students in Rochester behave badly . Many are victims of trauma . Many have parents who do n't offer support and stability . They are victims of circumstances beyond their control and they should get counseling and other support to help them deal with adversity . But they should not be allowed to ruin the educational opportunities of kids who do n't have those problems .
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds : Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
The kids walking around the classroom swearing get the most attention . There are many more kids who have questions about tornadoes . They deserve better .
Twitter.com/Erica_Bryant_
Video : Students react to East High news
CLOSE East High : Reaction from students to a possible closing of East High School . Carlos Ortiz
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rocne.ws/1ga2h59
AUSTIN , Texas -- The good teams create their own good luck , and Texas was not good in 2016 .
There 's a stat that stands out when looking back on the Longhorns ' third consecutive seven-loss season , one that really never got brought up during the final season of the Charlie Strong era .
Tom Herman 's Houston teams ranked No . 5 in FBS in non-offensive touchdowns over the past two seasons . AP Photo/Eric Gay
Texas finished with zero defensive touchdowns and zero special teams touchdowns . The Longhorns never created those extra scores that can swing games . Considering they lost five games by one-score margins , a few non-offensive touchdowns could have gone a long way .
This was coach Tom Herman 's reaction upon hearing that stat after a practice last week : `` Wow . ''
His Houston teams were among the nation 's best on that front . Todd Orlando 's defenses scored seven touchdowns over the past two seasons . The Cougars ' play on special teams produced six more . When it came to non-offensive touchdowns , Houston ranked No . 5 in FBS during the Herman era .
So what 's the secret ? How do you coax that kind of playmaking out of players ?
`` Honestly , I think it 's a trusting in your training and the ability to go out and not think and just play . That puts you a step ahead rather than a step behind , '' Herman said . `` When you 've done something over and over and over 10,000 times and you 've been trained mentally over and over and over , and you 're out there and your body is in great peak condition , and you stick your foot in the ground and go execute your training , really good things happen .
`` When you 're out there thinking or tiptoeing or feeling around or evaluating , you 're going to be a step or two behind . ''
There was plenty of that going on with Texas ' defense last fall . Orlando noticed it frequently when he watched the tape : players getting fatigued , miscommunicating , getting lined up incorrectly and getting beat . Those errors are bound to happen when you put so many young players on the field . They 're guaranteed to happen when you change defensive play-callers after four games .
On special teams , Texas had just two punt returns of 20-plus yards and two kickoff returns of 30-plus yards . Safety Brandon Jones did block two punts ( one was a safety , the other set up a field goal ) , but the Longhorns ' return game was a relative nonfactor .
Texas was one of six FBS teams to score zero non-offensive touchdowns last season . The other five : Arizona , East Carolina , Fresno State , Louisiana-Monroe and UMass . These six teams went a combined 18-54 . None of them went bowling .
As you might expect , Alabama is the best of the best with 25 non-offensive touchdowns over the past two seasons . Nick Saban tried to be secretive last season when asked how the Tide got so good in this area , but the truth he shared is simple : `` These are all just fundamental things that we continue to emphasize . I think players make plays . ''
Texas might be close to turning the corner thanks to all the talent Strong stockpiled , but a dedication to detail can make a big difference . Herman 's success at Houston is a certain proof of that .
Everyone remembers Brandon Wilson 's 109-yard kick-six against Oklahoma , but several more defensive or special teams touchdowns helped swing games for the Cougars .
There was the fumble return touchdown in the final two minutes to beat Tulsa last season . There was a pair of pick-sixes to lock up a road win at Cincinnati in 2016 , and another pick-six in a 33-30 win against the Bearcats in 2015 . In Herman 's second game at Houston , Wilson delivered a 100-yard kick return touchdown in a comeback win at Louisville .
`` People make mistakes , '' Orlando said , `` and you 've got to make them pay for it . ''
Orlando sees a bunch of factors at play here . He acknowledged his defense creates pressure which creates opportunities . He 's quick to point out that pulling off these touchdowns requires excellent blocking and a dedication to finishing plays .
The 13 non-offensive scores at Houston were also a product of confidence , no doubt , and that 's something the Longhorns lacked too often last season . They will have to start creating their own big breaks in 2017 if they intend to take a serious step forward . Just do n't call them lucky breaks .
`` Those are n't breaks , '' Herman said . `` Those are earned and coached . ''
WASHINGTON -- Bryan Pagliano , the State Department IT staffer who helped set up and maintain Hillary Clinton 's private email server in her Chappaqua , N.Y. home in 2009 , has been granted immunity by the Justice Department , CBS News confirmed Tuesday . Pagliano is cooperating with the FBI in its investigation .
The FBI obtained Pagliano 's cooperation , the Washington Post first reported , citing a senior law enforcement official . The Post also suggested that granting immunity to Pagliano is a sign `` the FBI investigation into possible criminal wrongdoing is progressing . '' Pagliano was paid separately by the Clintons to set up the server before he was hired by the State Department .
FBI Director James Comey told a congressional hearing recently that he is `` closely involved '' in the investigation into Clinton 's use of a private email server while she was Secretary of State .
CBS News confirmed in August that the bureau was investigating whether Clinton or her aides mishandled classified information during her tenure as secretary of state , in relation to her use of the private server . Specifically , the FBI has been trying to figure out how many classified emails Clinton had on her server , and whether the system exposed classified information .
Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon told the Post in a statement that the campaign was `` pleased '' that Pagliano had decided to cooperate with the FBI , after he had previously invoked his Fifth Amendment privileges when subpoenaed by Congress .
Separate from the FBI investigation , the State Department had been clearing and releasing some 52,000 Clinton emails in monthly batches since last May and finally finished releasing the emails Monday . The campaign and the State Department have said repeatedly that none of the material was marked classified when it is was sent .
CBS News ' Pat Milton contributed to this report .
Today an attorney for Roy Moore held a press conference which mainly focused on the yearbook held up by Beverly Nelson––the woman who came forward this week accusing Moore of sexually assaulting her when she was 16––and questioning the authenticity of the signature she said was Moore 's .
Phillip Jauregui said last this afternoon they have reason to question its authenticity , noting how Moore was the judge in Nelson 's 1999 divorce proceedings , and said the yearbook should be reviewed .
Gloria Allred , who represents Nelson , told Wolf Blitzer tonight that she is formally requesting a Senate hearing where Moore can testify under oath . She said in that situation , they would agree to have independent experts analyze the yearbook .
She said Nelson 's willing to testify under oath and Moore should be willing to do the same .
Blitzer pressed Allred on whether she can “ say flatly ” that the signature is not a forgery . Allred reiterated she 's willing to have an independent expert look at it .
“ We 're not denying , we 're not admitting , we 're not addressing , ” she said . “ We will not be distracted . And we will pursue a just result for our client . ”
Watch above , via CNN .
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Guinea-Bissau captain Bocundji Ca insists there is no secret recipe behind the sudden success of the one-time African football whipping boys , just outstanding teamwork .
`` We attack and defend together , '' he told a radio station in the tiny , impoverished former Portuguese colony on the west African coast .
`` I realise that sounds very basic , but our national football squad did not work as a team until recently . Teamwork has transformed us .
`` Unwavering solidarity is the greatest factor in our successes and the fantastic support at the national stadium in Bissau has also proved crucial . ''
Roared on by a capacity 15,000-crowd in a stadium overlooking the Atlantic Ocean , the Djurtus ( wild dogs ) stunned 2012 champions Zambia 3-2 via a stoppage-time goal .
That triumph and an unexpected home win for Kenya over Congo Brazzaville a day later ensured Guinea-Bissau of a first appearance at the Africa Cup of Nations with a game to spare .
Grouped with 2017 hosts Gabon , who they face in the tournament opener this Saturday , Cameroon and Burkina Faso , Guinea-Bissau have been written off , again .
Ca says beating Zambia has given the team a belief that they can cause more shocks and emulate Cape Verde , who in 2013 reached the knockout stage at the first attempt .
`` Why should we feel inferior to our group opponents ? If Zambia were in Gabon , they probably would be rated among the title favourites .
`` We are determined to enjoy ourselves and the squad believes there is everything to gain and nothing to lose . Let our opponents do all the worrying . ''
Born in the western Biombo region of the west African nation , the 30-year-old has played all his club football in France , with Nantes , Tours , Nancy , Reims and Paris FC .
Ca is a holding midfielder , a role sure to keep him fully occupied as he seeks to cut the supply routes to stars like Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Gabon and Vincent Aboubakar of Cameroon .
Source : AFP
More women should be working in UK gaming , says one of the industry 's top bosses .
Craig Duncan , studio head of Rare , says the industry `` needs to do a better job at getting a mix of age and gender in our teams '' .
His 30-year-old firm made classics such as Banjo Kazooie , Perfect Dark and Viva Pinata .
`` The more diverse culture we have as a studio the better games we produce for everyone , '' he told Newsbeat .
In the past , gaming has been dominated by white men .
The role of women in the industry has been in the headlines over the past year since the GamerGate controversy .
Craig reckons schools are the place to start to rid gaming of its masculine reputation .
`` We know games are played by every gender , age , background and ethnicity and we know games teams do n't have that make up .
`` Wherever possible our job as an industry is to go into schools and speak to young people to inspire them .
`` I think when you get to university age a lot of people have already opted into what they want to study .
`` If you take a computer science degree or a game development degree , if there are a 100 people on that course and 90 are male then that influences our talent pool and who [ we 're ] going to hire . ''
Gaming is not the only industry that wants to broaden the diversity of people who work in it , some police forces and big companies have been trying to do something similar as well .
No-one in gaming is promising women-only recruitment drives just yet , as has been the case in other fields .
For now Craig is focusing on promoting the industry as a cool place to work for everyone , whatever gender or background .
`` Something like Minecraft , for example , does a phenomenal job of getting young gamers at 10 , 11 , 12 thinking about creating games and opens up possibilities .
`` We 're definitely doing a better job at promoting the games industry , but I still do n't think we do enough .
`` We need to continue to show it 's a fantastic industry to work in . ''
Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram , Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
Snowbird Tiki Bar got a mention in a Coming Soon preview a couple weeks ago , and last night it had its soft opening . The grand opening is n't coming until May 1 , and until then they 're serving only a limited version of their eventual menu , and some parts of the space are unfinished . Already , the word is very positive : it sounds like Montreal has a great tiki bar once again .
Montreal lost its grand dame of tiki in 2015 when the Jardin Tiki closed after thirty years in business . The Jardin Tiki had many pieces that were originally from the Kon-Tiki in Montreal , and some of those pieces , including tables and chairs , have made their way to Snowbird . Area tikiphiles are sure to be happy their tiki drought was relatively brief .
Without further ado , here is a first look at Snowbird Tiki Bar , thanks to photos from Critiki member John T. ( John T. just added his home tiki bar to Critiki , The Mauna Loa Lounge . He 's also responsible for dozens of beautiful photos documenting Jardin Tiki . ) You can see a gallery of 18 photos and learn more at the Critiki listing for Snowbird Tiki Bar .
Political sex scandals explode with numbing regularity . Sometimes , it 's a Democrat , sometimes a Republican . Sometimes it 's a congressman or mayor , sometimes it is a president or presidential contender .
Well , here we are again , faced with yet another politician sunk — or at least wounded — by his libido .
This time it is Robert Bentley , the pious Republican Governor of Alabama , who , notwithstanding weak half-denials , is widely believed to have carried on an affair with Rebekah Caldwell Mason , a powerful top aide , while both were married .
The Associated Press obtained recordings made by someone — perhaps within his own home — of the two on the phone .
“ When I stand behind you and put my arms around you and I put my hands on your breasts … , ” Bentley is heard saying on the tape . “ If we 're going to do what we did the other day , we 're going to have to start locking the door . ”
The Pious Perp
.
Let 's be frank , folks . Given Alabama 's history of racial violence , wrapping one 's hands around anything below someone 's neck is one of the more benign activities for that state .
Despite the comparative banality of the transgression , the revelation of gubernatorial shenanigans has caused a sensation . When I last checked in on this fast-evolving saga , Bentley 's fellow Republicans in the state legislature were turning on him . State Rep. Ed Henry , R-Hartselle , announced that he is preparing an impeachment process , because of “ incompetence and moral turpitude . ”
Yet the Bentley scandal is worth more than a snicker for one reason , and one reason only : He was elected , and popular , primarily because he looked and acted like the quintessential church deacon , which , in fact , he was .
Here 's the irony : if Bentley had not presented himself as sanctimonious and squeaky clean , he probably would never have become governor in the first place . Why ? Because voters tend to vote for people based on notions like “ Would I like to have them babysit my kid ? ” or “ Would I like to have a beer with the guy ? ”
Anything beyond that is apparently asking too much . All too many voters can not be bothered with paying attention , between football games and barbecues , to what the people they elect actually do — all that boring stuff like drafting and passing laws .
Which raises the question : What does it say about American democracy that so many people seem interested in politicians only when they do something sexually scandalous ?
Ultimately , this is less about the defects of politicians than about what we see when we look in the mirror . Are we simply too lazy to pay attention to anything more complex in our civic life than a cheap morality tale ?
Worse , we fall into a trap . Too often , political sex scandals are the engineered creation of those with House of Cards-like ulterior motives , because , well , sex captures clicks and eyeballs , and they 're the surest way to get rid of someone who is making trouble . ( For a review of some populists who angered the wealthy and powerful and ended up ousted over their private behavior , see this and this — and this . )
Politicians understand this , which is why most live in fear of being caught doing anything that even hints of salaciousness , much less getting caught in the act . It 's a syndrome that fundamentally damages our political system .
* * *
I have an idea to fix the problem :
Why do n't we all grow up ?
First , let 's admit that not everyone is in a model marriage and inclined to remain faithful to one person , “ for better or worse , ” throughout their life . Consider the statistics : nearly 40 % of American men and nearly 25 % of women admit to pollsters that they have had affairs — totals that many believe to be lowballed by those not inclined to level with strangers .
We could also acknowledge that if committing adultery ( even with all of the obvious repercussions and harm to family ) was absolutely our politicians ' greatest failing , we would be living in a much better country . For whatever reason , we seem the last people in the Western world to come to this realization .
And , instead of wringing our hands and knocking down politicians over their private behavior , why not seek to impeach politicians who do monstrous things to the entire society — like making it possible for their corporate campaign donors to poison our children , or sending America 's young to their deaths in avoidable wars , or doing nothing about planetary survival issues such as global warming ? Why does this kind of thing rouse less widespread indignation ? Is wrapping oneself in a Victorian cloak enough to ward off all substantive criticism ?
At the same time , we could show the media that we 're really not all that desperate for such pathetic entertainment , and that we would n't mind if they did real reporting on the big issues instead .
Finally , should Governor Bentley be forced out over this matter , it would be fitting — and perhaps even make a difference — if he were to choose to lead a movement to focus on what really matters .
Related front page panorama photo credit : Larry Craig ( US Senate / Wikimedia ) , Mark Foley ( US Congress / Wikimedia ) , Robert Bentley ( Alabama Governor 's Office ) , Dennis Hastert ( US Congress / Wikimedia ) and Newt Gingrich ( Gage Skidmore / Wikimedia – CC BY-SA 3.0 )
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value ? Please help us do more . Make a tax-deductible contribution now .
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized , keep it relevant , keep it clear , keep it short . Please do not post links or promotional material . We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary . Related print
This was my first time participating in an exchange ( same for my Secret Santa ) , and I am so thrilled with this gift . It was packaged beautifully - brown paper packages tied up with string , my favorite ! Every detail of this gift was done with such care . It made me so happy . Not only did my SS send me a personalized Hogwarts acceptance letter , ( and a very nice handwritten letter ! ) , I received a wand , a personally handmade Ravenclaw bookmark , a Deathly Hallows necklace , and a very cool Harry Potter mug . Each item included a handwritten note to read after each gift was opened . I want to thank my SS for all of the time and effort he or she put into this . I am so appreciative and grateful for this lovely gift .
WASHINGTON — New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg slammed pro-gun advocates while encouraging America 's other mayors to pressure Congress to pass President Barack Obama 's gun-control proposals , during a lunch gathering of the U.S. Conference of Mayors on Friday .
“ Most people I know do n't even have a gun , ” Bloomberg said , claiming America is “ the only industrialized country in the world ” that has a gun “ problem ” where there are more guns than people .
Bloomberg spoke highly of the proposals Obama laid out Wednesday and called the current enforcement of gun laws a “ tragic joke . ”
“ This is not a Constitutional question , but it is a political courage question and it is an issue for Washington — we ca n't do it alone , ” Bloomberg said .
“ This week President Obama and Vice President Biden did step up and put forward a comprehensive plan for attacking gun violence , and I give them both a lot of credit for listening to the voices of everyday Americans and putting public safety ahead of special interests . ”
Bloomberg said his Mayors Against Illegal Guns organization was in close communication with Biden and helped develop the slate of goals Obama announced Wednesday .
“ We were encouraged to see it include virtually everyone of the major elements we sought , but as the president himself has said , the most important parts of his plan require action from Congress . ”
Bloomberg said mayors must push Congress to pass the president 's proposals , and encouraged them to join his coalition .
Like the National Rifle Association , he said , Mayors Against Illegal Guns will “ stand up ” for those legislators who support gun control and support candidates challenging legislators who do not .
More gun control measures will mean less crime and fewer suicides , Bloomberg claimed , saying that in the absence of congressional action , 48,000 more Americans will be murdered with guns during President Obama 's next term .
New Yorkers , he added , can expect to live three years longer than the U.S. average and one significant reason is the city 's gun restrictions .
Citing MSNBC host Joe Scarborough as an example , Bloomberg noted that Americans ' views on guns are evolving and many supporters of gun rights view some gun-control measures as reasonable .
“ The public in this country has changed their views when you see Joe Scarborough on ‘ Morning Joe ' —a big gun advocate — all of a sudden come out and say , ‘ You know , enough is enough . ' That tells you something , ” Bloomberg said . “ I think the public is ready for a change . ”
And recalling NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre 's claim that “ the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , ” Bloomberg said ammunition that can penetrate bullet-proof vests is only sold to kill police officers — good guys with guns .
Mayors Against Illegal Guns has over 800 members .
“ We need every mayor to go to their congressman and their congresswoman and their senators and say , ‘ We 've got a problem in our city and you are the one that is responsible if that problem continues , ' ” he said .
Follow Caroline on Twitter
The most wonderful time of the year
Anyone who has had to live in a climate with four seasons understands that fall is a blissful respite between the harsh heat of summer and the -40F with wind chill that is sure to come in the winter . ( Editor 's note : Author grew up in the frozen tundra that is Canada . Individual experiences may vary . ) Fall is not only perfect in terms of temperature , but the rowdy kids next door head back to school and the video games that youve been waiting for all year finally come out .
Weve already looked at some of the spring/summer activities , but at a recent visit to Electronic Arts in Redwood City , we saw exactly what the Sims will be enjoying when the leaves start to change color in The Sims 3 : Seasons . Were sure that once youve had a look at some of the festivities , you may also find that theres a lot to love about this season .
Colorful landscapes
As the seasons change , so do your Sims and the world that they happily live in . In Sunset Valley ( and any other world that comes with Sims 3 and its many expansions , including the recently released Supernatural ) , youll witness the surrounding foliage begin to turn into a lovely reddish and orange hue . As the temperature drops , your Sims will bundle up in their outer gear to avoid catching a cold .
Each season lasts about seven sims days , but that can be toggled anywhere from 3 to 28 days , depending on your preference . If you like fall as much as we do , you can keep it set permanently so that it will feel like October , year round . Weather effects can also be toggled , so if you want , it can snow at your command .
Autumn festivals
Halloween is just one of the main festivities that happen in the fall , and even though we didnt get a chance to see what kind of shenanigans take place during this holiday , we did get to take part in the fall festival downtown .
As the temperature and landscape changes , the activities will as well . You can help prepare your Sim for a pie-eating contest by consuming an unnatural amount of pie each day . But just being able to wander through town and browse the concession stands is a treat , because youll find items that wouldnt be available in your build/buy mode , like anapple bobbing tank !
Bobbing for apples
When is the last time you went bobbing for apples ? Sure , you can do this stuff all year round , but It 's primarily been a fall thing to do because along with apples , there is an overabundance of pumpkins !
Pumpkin patch
Finding the perfect pumpkin is just one of the many family-friendly activities you can do in the fall . Theres nothing like running through rows upon rows of slightly distorted pumpkins to find that one with the flawless side to carve . In the Sims 3 Seasons , youll be able to bring a bright orange melon home and put a knife to it , creating a perfect ( or not-so-perfect if you fail ) jack-o-lantern for your front porch .
Just be aware that if you were to go around smashing lit pumpkins , theres a chance that your butt may catch on fire . We 're not kidding .
Season of eating
As we approach the holidays there 's this whole notion of the `` season of giving , '' but what it really means is that its the season of eating . While we like to believe that pumpkin pie is more or less available year round , when you get closer to Thanksgiving , It 's just about the only pie that is available . Nothing smells more heavenly than a freshly baked pumpkin pie , and you can bake your own with the pumpkin that your Sim brings home . Bake a pie and host a feast party , a new potluck-style gala where guests will come by and bring their own dishes . If youre lucky and have Sim neighbors with some culinary skills , they may even bring a turkey to the table .
WooHoo !
And just before the snow begins the fall , there are some chores that need to be done . Raking dead foliage may not be the most pleasant of activities , but being able to jump and play in a pile of freshly raked leaves can be fun -- much to the dismay of the person who just raked it . And to make things even more interesting , that fresh pile of leaves is now a new woohoo spot .
Just wait until the winter we hear igloos are another location where you can get cozy .
Winter is coming
We may love the cool temperature of the fall , but it looks like winter is packed with exciting activities as well . Did we mention that you can now swim in the ocean ? Probably best reserved for the summer . The changes are n't just limited to weather effects and seasons . Another new addition that the Seasons expansion will introduce is blueprint mode , where pre-made furnished rooms will be available for you to piece together so that you can start playing right away . Building may be a huge part of playing the Sims , but if you just want to shell out the simoleons to slap something respectable together quickly , the option is there .
Stay tuned as well get more info about winter in the coming months . The Sims 3 : Seasons is set to be released on November 13 .
If you want more Sims related articles , heres 10 reasons why the Sims world is better than the real world and read our Sims WooHoo guide .
Next Picture : Previous Picture : Remember when I thought I could be finished with all the Shire pictures by mid-August ? HAH ! So much for that ! Well , anyways , here you are . I 'll be continuing this scene in the next picture with a visit from the Sackville Baggins.Oh , right , Bilbo . He 's Spike . I know he 's not a filly , but if I ever did The Hobbit , I 'd want Spike playing Bilbo . Obviously , this rules Spike out for Gollum , so if you were hoping he would get the part , sorry about that . As always , I 'm happy to go into more detail about my choice of character if you want to ask or have something to say about it.That 's about it for now . Thanks for sticking with me and if you 're mad about a panel depicting their laughter being left out for the second time in a row , I 'm sorry.Oh , one last thing ... how do I get that ridiculously out-of-place-looking `` knock knock '' to fit in better ?
Even the White House 's unclassified computer system is susceptible to phishing . Photo by Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Perhaps the most surprising thing about this week 's reports of Russian hackers infiltrating an unclassified White House computer system is that for all their efforts the hackers appear to have been unable to retrieve anything more interesting than the unclassified details of the president 's schedule . That is probably due in no small part to the White House 's refreshingly realistic security strategy , as articulated by deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes in an interview with CNN : “ You have to act as if information could be compromised if it 's not on the classified system . ”
If the end result of the breach was unexpected , its early stages were anything but—the incident apparently started with a phishing email . So did the ransomware infection at the Tewksbury Police Department earlier this week , which led to the officers paying a $ 500 ransom ( in bitcoin , naturally ) to decrypt their data . And that 's just this week—the high-profile examples of security incidents that are launched by phishing emails go back years and include the 2012 breach of the South Carolina Department of Revenue and the espionage efforts of China 's People 's Liberation Army Unit 61398 , which were reported in 2013 by security firm Mandiant . Even last year 's Sony breach appears to have been initiated using spear-phishing emails .
Phishing emails appear to come from someone you know , trust , or would want to hear from but are , in fact , sent by someone else entirely ( for instance , Russian hackers ) to trick you into downloading malware or sharing login credentials or other sensitive information . Phishers can cast a broad net ( “ Dear Sir , I am a Nigerian prince please send me the details of your bank account … ” ) or a slightly smaller , more targeted one tailored to a particular organization or group of people ( “ Dear MIT user , your email is full , please click here to increase your quota … ” ) . They can “ spear phish ” by sending even more targeted messages directed at particular individuals ( “ Dear Josephine , please complete the attached form prior to your dissertation defense … ” ) . In general , the more targeted the message—and the falsified sender information—the more likely we are to fall for it . ( I 've never fallen for messages of the first two varieties , but you could fool me in a heartbeat with the third—and no , that 's not an invitation . )
When you scan the cybersecurity headlines , it quickly starts to seem like email is almost always the way in to a protected system—is there any other Internet application so consistently exploited in so many different types of security breaches ? The only thing surprising about a successful phishing attack at the White House is that it does n't happen more frequently .
In its 2013 Data Breach Investigations Report , Verizon found that phishing was used in 95 percent of state-affiliated espionage incidents . In the 2014 version of that same report , the exasperated authors write :
[ W ] hile the array of tools [ used for cyberespionage ] is diverse , the basic methods of gaining access to a victim 's environment are not . The most prolific is the old faithful : spear phishing . We ( and others ) have covered this ad nauseam in prior reports , but for both of you who have somehow missed it , here goes : A well-crafted and personally/professionally-relevant email is sent to a targeted user ( s ) , prompting them to open an attachment or click a link within the message . Inevitably , they take the bait , at which point malware installs on the system , a backdoor or command channel opens , and the attacker begins a chain of actions moving toward their objective .
It 's no wonder they sound a little weary of the topic : We 've been using email for decades now . How can we still be so bad at it ?
Part of the security problem is that , well , email is getting old . The first ARPANET email was sent in 1971 , and the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol standard , which is still widely used today , was originally defined in 1982 . And while the stereotype of the older person bumbling with technology is n't fair , technologies themselves do n't always age well as we find new uses for them . Unlike more recent applications , email was developed in an era before online security was really a concern , when Internet users were so few and so close-knit that impersonation and phishing would have seemed almost impossible to imagine . But over the years , we 've seen all the things that can go wrong when anyone can spoof an email 's “ from ” address . People have tried time and again to make email more secure—and made surprisingly little headway .
Email security is challenging for several reasons . For one thing , many of us want to be able to receive emails from total strangers—so unlike applications that limit our communications to the people whom we preapprove or “ friend , ” email intentionally provides access to the outside world , making it an attractive initial means of contact for spies and thieves . Also unlike many of the other online applications we use , email is federated—there 's no single company with centralized control over or visibility into all of the different users and accounts . That makes it hard for any individual actor to strengthen email security unilaterally .
Traditional models for email security tend to rely on digital signatures , an encryption mechanism that enables individual users to prove their identity to their email recipients . To be clear , I 'm not talking about the email signatures that appear automatically at the end of people 's messages featuring inspirational quotations or long lists of distinguished titles . ( Those serve no earthly purpose , security or otherwise . ) I 'm talking about the kind of digital signature in which you use your private encryption key to “ sign ” a message so that recipients of the message can verify you really sent it , using your public encryption key .
This is helpful because , remember , that “ from ” address is all but meaningless if someone is trying to fool you . But this system only works if we all get encryption keys and use them to sign our emails , and if the people we send those emails to bother to verify those signatures—and most of us do n't . ( The inspirational quotation signatures , on the other hand , we 've been all too eager to adopt . )
As the challenges of changing behavior one email user at a time have become clearer , some email providers have tried to find more centralized ways to tackle phishing that do n't require them to teach their users about digital signatures ( or store those users ' encryption keys ) . For instance , in 2012 , Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo announced that they would filter phishing emails that purported to be sent from the domains of companies including PayPal , Facebook , and LinkedIn . Essentially , those senders issued a list of the servers that they use to send email and any messages with a “ from address ” ending in one of those domains ( i.e. , @ paypal.com or @ facebook.com or @ linkedin.com ) that were not sent from those pre-approved servers could then be filtered .
So there 's been some small progress—catching some common phishing templates on popular email platforms—but overall , email has been surprisingly resistant to security interventions , despite its prominent role in launching so many successful security breaches .
These days , when we talk about addressing phishing , we tend to focus on user education and awareness as the solution . With more people turning to popular webmail services like Gmail that do n't support digital signing by default , signatures are rarely even part of the conversation anymore . Even when it comes to the kinds of email that are most often exploited by attackers—messages containing attachments or website links—we 've been content to live in a world where we know very little about who is sending us emails .
Education and awareness efforts may help people distinguish the less sophisticated and targeted of these phishing messages , but they ca n't change the fact that often opening attachments or clicking on links—even those sent from addresses you recognize—is fundamentally an act of faith . Yes , many of us could get better at recognizing the indicators of suspicious emails—but email could also give us some stronger indicators to rely on . Email remains a way that the Internet opens us up to the world with all its dangers , and yes , we have to learn some new kinds of cleverness , but it 's also helpful to have some technical protections .
So if , someday , we really do succeed at teaching everyone about how easy it is to impersonate other people using email , perhaps we 'll all finally be ready to acknowledge that some technical interventions are long overdue . Perhaps we 'd even be willing to accept stricter authentication requirements for the messages we receive with attachment and links , whether that authentication is enforced via digital signatures or verification of the servers associated with the sending domain . Total strangers and unauthenticated users could still email you , but they 'd be restricted to text , and they 'd have a much harder time pretending to be your father or boss or buddy at the State Department .
This article is part of Future Tense , a collaboration among Arizona State University , New America , and Slate . Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society , policy , and culture . To read more , visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page . You can also follow us on Twitter .
CrossFire is an online tactical first-person shooter for Microsoft Windows developed by Smilegate Entertainment . The game was released in China by Tencent Games , with the company also acting as the exclusive agent service company . The tests for its software bugs were started publicly on April 2008 .
Due to its popularity in Asia , especially China and South Korea , it became the most played game in the world by player count of all time , [ 1 ] with 660 million players worldwide . [ 2 ] It was the world 's top-grossing online game as of 2014 , [ 3 ] and went on to become one of the highest-grossing video games of all time , [ 4 ] having grossed grossed $ 10.8 billion in lifetime revenue , as of 2018 .
A film adaptation of the game was announced in October 2015 . [ 5 ] A remake and a sequel , CrossFire HD and CrossFire 2 , respectively , are in development at Smilegate , with Remedy Entertainment working on both games ' single-player portions . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Gameplay [ edit ]
A mission success screen on a team deathmatch mode , the player holding a M16
CrossFire is a free-to-play first-person shooter that features two mercenary corporations named the `` Black List '' and `` Global Risk , '' fighting each other in an epic global conflict . Players assume the role of either a Black List or Global Risk mercenary , joining an online team that must work together to complete objective-based scenarios . With the exception of the Zombie mode and Wave mode , each mode can support a maximum of 16 players , each divided into an 8-man team .
Players will progress and be promoted through various Military Ranks , beginning at trainee , with the highest being Marshall . Players also have the ability to customize their character 's equipment and appearance through in-game items .
CrossFire has a free currency which is called Game Points ( GP ) , which are earned through playing and completing matches , buying premium items that grant bonus GP , or fulfilling certain missions . Premium and special items like modified weapons can only be bought using monetary currencies . The content tends to vary from version to version .
Modes [ edit ]
CrossFire features several game modes , each with unique maps and rules . [ 8 ]
Weapons [ edit ]
CrossFire features weapons based on real life models , with each weapon belonging to a category . Categories include machine guns , assault rifles , sniper rifles , etc . Each category is functionally similar to their real world counterparts ( Ex . Machine guns are heavy , powerful , lay down heavy fire and have long reloaded times , Submachine guns are lighter and fire faster but deal less damage , Shotguns are effective in close range but ineffective at long distance , etc . ) Weapons often have many variations , including different skins which give them different attributes . In addition , the re-skinned versions are often rarer . There are also some weapons which are different from other weapons like the VIP weapons , which has more powerful functions like faster reload , among others . Certain modes have mode-exclusive weapons .
Characters [ edit ]
Characters are the avatar of players and is what they will look like while playing in the game . A note is that while all characters are visually unique from each other , they are all functionally the same with no real advantages or disadvantages from each other in terms of stats , apart from a few limited-edition characters who are , for example ; able to see better through smoke or reduces the visual incapacitating effects of flash bang grenades .
The characters featured in CrossFire is a combination of both real and fictional Special Forces groups . The real groups featured are : The Russian OMOH , the LAPD SWAT , the British SAS , the Brazilian BOPE , the German GSG9 , the Korean 707th Special Mission Unit , the United Nations Special Forces , and the American Navy SEALs . Each character also has both a Black List and Global Risk variant . Some characters are bought with GP , while some are bought with premium currency . There are special characters found in some modes like the knight .
There are also mutant characters for the Mutation/Hero modes , which unlike regular game characters , each have unique abilities
Different versions of CrossFire [ edit ]
Server Status Open Server Status Closed Server Status Unknown
CrossFire was released by different publishers worldwide . These are the countries that CrossFire was released in :
Commercial performance [ edit ]
CrossFire is the most played online FPS game worldwide , with over 8 million concurrent users and 650 million registered players by 2017 , according to developer Smilegate , [ 12 ] with the majority of players in Asia , especially China and South Korea . [ 13 ] As of 2018 , the game has 660 million players worldwide . [ 2 ]
In 2013 , the game was one of the three most popular video games in China , with a revenue of almost $ 1 billion . [ 14 ] It was the world 's top-grossing game of 2014 at ₩1.5 trillion ( $ 1.3 billion ) . [ 3 ] By 2015 , CrossFire had grossed $ 6.8 billion , [ 15 ] making it one of the top five highest-grossing video games of all time , along with Space Invaders , Pac-Man , Street Fighter II and World of Warcraft . [ 4 ] CrossFire grossed $ 1.1 billion in 2016 and $ 1.4 billion in 2017 , making it one of the three top-grossing PC games for both years , along with League of Legends and Dungeon Fighter Online ( DFO ) . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] In 2018 , CrossFire grossed $ 1.5 billion , making it one of the year 's five top-grossing video games , along with Fortnite , DFO , League of Legends and Pokémon Go . [ 18 ] In total , CrossFire has grossed $ 10.8 billion in lifetime revenue , as of 2018 .
Film adaptation [ edit ]
In October 2015 , it was announced that Neal Moritz would be producing a film version of CrossFire , after spending a year weighing up proposals from Hollywood producers and studios . [ 19 ]
The MoPac toll lane 's first full-fledged work day produced some bobbles , based on reports from commuters who found themselves stalled to stop-and-go for awhile in the toll lane north of U.S. 183 .
The culprits : human nature , tollway officials theorize , and a balky computer algorithm that for about an hour was lowering the toll rate when it needed to be raising it to discourage drivers from entering the toll lane .
`` People slow down in curves , '' said Mike Heiligenstein , executive director of the Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority , referring to the wide right-hand swing in northbound MoPac Boulevard near the Domain . `` And we did n't raise the rates fast enough .
`` It 's going to take some of these heavy-traffic days to really figure it out . ''
RELATED : What you need to know about MoPac 's new toll lane
The backup in the toll lane occurred between 6 and 6:30 p.m. Tuesday , while drivers in the free lanes whizzed along at high speed , according to drivers caught in the toll lane slowdown .
The front of the backup in that northbound toll lane was somewhere north of the Duval Road overpass and extended south to near U.S. 183 , Heiligenstein said .
During the peak hour of 4:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. , the toll rate for the north section of the toll lane , directed by the mobility authority 's computer software , ebbed from 83 cents to 64 cents . Under the theory of how the toll lane and driver psychology is supposed to work , that had the effect of feeding more traffic into the toll lane and setting the stage for the backup near 6 p.m .
RELATED : How will MoPac toll lanes work ? We 've got answers for Austin commuters
At that point , Heiligenstein said , agency officials observing all this from a control center in Cedar Park stepped in and overrode the computer . The toll rate for the north section was raised to $ 1 at 6:09 p.m. and then $ 1.12 five minutes later . By 6:47 p.m. the crunch had ended and the toll rate returned to its minimum 25 cents .
The mobility authority said that it saw 14,312 toll transactions on Tuesday , close to its opening-year prediction of 14,900 transactions per day .
Quick Links :
Find and Contanct your Representative in the US House by Zip Code :
http : //www.house.gov/representatives/find/
Contact Your Senators :
http : //www.senate.gov/
There is an old adage , “ Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me. ” This week the media is trying to convince us that support for Senator Feinstein 's anti-gun legislation is weak , but if we are not PRO-ACTIVE , the legislation will pass as written . You will wake up just in time for SHOT Show with new laws that make your AR-15 a Class 3 weapon . This means that if you want to keep your tactical rifles , you will have to register them , pay a $ 5- $ 200 tax , and notify the government if you intend to take them out of state . You will also completely waive your 4th Amendment rights to reasonable search and seizure . ATF will have the right to knock on your door and inspect the weapons anytime they want . You will also see an end to standard capacity magazines . This is n't a threat . It is n't political posturing . Diane Feinstein and the anti-gun machine have already introduced the legislation , and it will be rammed through Congress and signed by the President if we do not Stand As One and act today .
Please contact your legislators immediately , and post the links above to your discussion boards . Also please contact all of the gun companies you do business with and ask them to take action now and do n't sit on their resources in reaching out to the gunowners of America . All of them have mailing lists , and all of them are sitting on them pretending that they do n't have any responsibility , while doing record business in the stuff that is going to be banned or regulated . This 2nd Amendment crisis is not about KA-CHING . We call out to Midway USA , Gunbroker , Brownells , Sportsmen 's Guide , Cabelas and all the firearms and accessory manufacturers . If you have a list , use it . We must Stand As One if we are to defeat this threat to our freedom . Aside from one NRA-ILA email notifying us about the legislation , even the NRA has been silent . Facebook is n't enough . Our testing has shown that the effectiveness of Facebook is very small . You MUST EMAIL YOUR LISTS THIS WEEK before the legislation gains public support . We are about to enter a dark time in 2nd Amendment freedom and political wrangling from the NRA is n't going to cut it this far out from an election . The legislators need to hear from us , that we will work to defeat them in their next election bid .
This is not an alarmist position . The anti-gun machine was prepared for this opportunity , and they are very well organized . Senator Feinstein herself admitted that she has been working since last year to investigate all of the loopholes from the last “ Assault Weapons Ban ” and eliminate them . That means that this time there will be no thumbhole stocks , no sawed off flashhiders , no California “ bullet buttons. ” It is almost as though the anti-gunners allowed the old ban to end in hopes of making a better one this time . This legislation is extremely comprehensive and if it passes , every tactical rifle in America will instantly become a Class 3 weapon . No new guns will be produced at all , effectively shuttering every AR-15 manufacturer in the country .
Do n't be fooled by the pollsters this time , for or against . They key point in this legislation is that we are more than a year from the start of the next campaigns for the mid-term elections . The anti-gun lobbyists , as you read this , are contacting the House and Senate members trying to convince them that American voters are not going to punish them for voting for new and sweeping gun control . Few politicians actually stand for anything , so how we react is paramount to defeating this legislation . Your must notify your legislators that you are watching their vote and that you will work to defeat them in their next election bid if they vote for any new gun legislation that comes out of the Sandy Hook shootings . Over 500 people have been killed in Chicago this year , the most gun restrictive city in the USA . We will not sacrifice our 2nd Amendment rights because the media is up in arms about the slaughter of 20 white kids by a mentally disturbed individual who stole his mommie 's guns .
Also do n't think that the Supreme Court is going to help us on this one . The legislation clearly identifies the approach to grandfathered weapons as a tax , and the Supreme Court has recently dealt with this issue on Obamacare , and refused to strike it down . Our swing vote , the George W. appointed Justice Roberts , has already demonstrated that he will not strike down major legislation from the bench if he can find a way to avoid it , and this tax approach to our guns wo n't even make the Supreme Court . You may think that the original 2nd Amendment guaranteed us the right to the same guns at the government ( muskets at the time ) , but there is plenty of Federal case law from the 1986 machinegun ban that has laid the groundwork for this Feinstein bill . It will pass , and it will stand .
If we Stand As One this week , the legislation will be stopped . Please contact your reps in the House and your Senators today . Mobilize your friends and family . Email everyone in your contact list . And most importantly post the direct links above ( not to GunsAmerica ) to every single discussion board , blog or forum to which you frequent .
As we have tried to explain already , GunsAmerica is all alone out here in this fight . Please encourage the gun websites you do business with to join our Stand As One campaign and email their mailing lists to fight this game changing legislation . We are all NRA Life and Endowment members here at GunsAmerica , yet nothing has come from NRA . Our competitors Gunbroker have sent nothing , apparently content with the spike in business . Midway USA has a huge list , yet nothing has come from them . Brownells is in the news for selling 3 1/2 years of magazines in one day , yet nothing has come from their email list . And worst of all , Cheaper Than Dirt actually announced that they would stop selling guns online , supporting the public opinion against our guns . Sportsman 's Guide even had the nerve to send a happy go lucky “ After Christmas ” sale email on AR-15 accessories . Do n't boycott these companies . Contact these companies ! We have to stand together or we are going to lose . Now is not the time to argue and sit on our resources of huge email lists to America 's gun enthusiasts . We Stand As One !
Some of you got upset at us calling Alex Jones a turd in the punchbowl of 2nd Amendment freedom , but it is the truth . The conspiracy theory websites do not stand with us on this one , though they claim that they do . A lot of young people are caught up in a conspiracy theory mindset that is preventing them from seeing the forest through the trees . 2nd Amendment rights were never about hunting , and there has always been an out in the open “ conspiracy ” against them . if you espouse big government control and oversight of all Americans , you obviously do n't want free thinkers to be armed . It does n't take a conspiracy theorist to figure out that Diane Feinstein wants to watch and control all Americans , and disarming us is an important step for her and her ilk . Alex Jones and his gang may seem well intentioned , but what they really want is internet traffic . They want to sell you the movies and the water purifiers and the survival food and the male enhancement pills , PERIOD . Guns are just the latest thing on the conspiracy theory bandwagon because it “ gets the buzz going. ” They may be gun loving Americans at heart , but what is driving them today is the almighty but ever weakening $ $ $ dollar .
Diane Feinstein does n't care how much survival food you have in your bunker . But what she does have is the actual power to halt the production of an entire class of firearms and magazines , and she plans to do that , this week . Get out of your armchair and get into action .
This quote from a recent article in the Russian newspaper Pravda urging us to not give up our 2nd Amendment freedom says a great deal :
Do not be fooled by a belief that progressives , leftists hate guns . Oh , no , they do not . What they hate is guns in the hands of those who are not marching in lock step of their ideology . They hate guns in the hands of those who think for themselves and do not obey without question . They hate guns in those whom they have slated for a barrel to the back of the ear .
We must Stand As One !
The cruise ship Carnival Liberty , which is homeported in Galveston , Texas , is experiencing a technical issue which is affecting the ship 's maximum cruising speed . The issue is only affecting the ship 's speed and all other systems are operating normally . The ship is capable of operating cruises at reduced maximum speeds while Carnival 's technical team , together with outside experts , continues to work to fully resolve the problem .
In light of the above , the remainder of Carnival Liberty 's cruises through the month of November will have modified itineraries ( detailed below ) . Following these voyages , the ship will go into a previously scheduled drydock then reposition to Port Canaveral , Florida to operate cruises from that port beginning December 15 .
This change is being made since Carnival Valor is better suited to operate at the higher speeds required for the four and five-day Mexico itineraries from Galveston while Carnival Liberty is well equipped to handle shorter duration cruises from Central Florida .
Built only one year apart , Carnival Valor and Carnival Liberty are sister ships with similar accommodations , public venues and Fun Ship 2.0 features including Guy 's Burger Joint , BlueIguana Cantina , the RedFrog Rum Bar and BlueIguana Tequila Bar .
Carnival Liberty 's modified cruises from Galveston for the balance of November are as follows :
14 CRUISE – The Nov. 14 five-day departure will include an overnight call in Cozumel ( the call at Progreso has been cancelled ) . The ship 's arrival back into Galveston on Nov. 19 will be delayed until later in the day . Guests sailing on this voyage will receive a $ 50 per person credit to their shipboard accounts and a 25 percent discount on a future Carnival cruise . Guests also have the option of cancelling and receiving a full refund .
19 Cruises : The Nov. 19 seven-day cruise will include stops in Cozumel and Costa Maya ( the calls in Falmouth , Jamaica and Grand Cayman have been cancelled ) . The ship 's departure time will be 10:00pm for this cruise . Guests sailing on this voyage will receive a $ 50 per person credit to their shipboard accounts and a 25 percent discount on a future Carnival cruise . Guests also have the option of cancelling and receiving a full refund .
26 CRUISE – The Nov. 26 five-day departure will include an overnight call in Cozumel ( the call at Progreso has been cancelled ) . The ship 's arrival back into Galveston on Dec. 1 will be delayed until later in the day . Guests sailing on this voyage will receive a $ 50 per person credit to their shipboard accounts and a 25 percent discount on a future Carnival cruise . Guests also have the option of cancelling and receiving a full refund .
In addition , one Carnival Valor voyage , the four-day cruise from Port Canaveral departing Dec. 11 , will need to be shortened to allow sufficient time for the ship to transit to Galveston :
The scheduled December 11 four-day cruise from Port Canaveral on Carnival Valor will be shortened to a three-day cruise departing on December 11 . The cruise will visit Freeport and Nassau which were the scheduled ports on the four-day cruise . Guests sailing on this voyage will receive a one day pro-rated refund of cruise fare and a $ 25 per person credit to their shipboard account . Guests also have the option of cancelling and receiving a full refund .
For guests on Carnival Liberty being transferred to Carnival Valor and vice versa , the cruise line will automatically transfer the reservations . Affected sailings are now temporarily closed in the system as the reservations team prepares to make the necessary changes . This work is expected to be completed by the end of November at which point new confirmations will be sent to all guests and they will again be able to access their reservations . Fly2Fun flights , transfers and other vacation components such as dining choices , pre-paid gratuities , shore excursions , Fun Shop items and Spa reservations will be maintained as originally booked .
We sincerely apologize to our guests for this disruption to their vacation plans .
Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox took to Twitter on Friday to question the legitimacy of President-elect Donald Trump 's election win .
Sr Trump , the intelligence report is devastating.Losing election by more than 3M votes and in addition this.Are you a legitimate president ? — Vicente Fox Quesada ( @ VicenteFoxQue ) January 6 , 2017
The Tweet comes after a declassified report on Russian interference into the U.S. election was made public .
According to officials , Russia did try to influence the election , but there was no tampering with voting machines and the outcome of the election was not impacted .
Fox , who has blasted Trump 's campaign for months , took to Twitter on both Thursday and Friday to criticize the wall that Trump plans to build along the southern border to curb illegal immigration .
Trump may ask whoever he wants , but still neither myself nor Mexico are going to pay for his racist monument .
Another promise he ca n't keep . — Vicente Fox Quesada ( @ VicenteFoxQue ) January 6 , 2017
TRUMP , when will you understand that I am not paying for that fucken wall . Be clear with US tax payers . They will pay for it . — Vicente Fox Quesada ( @ VicenteFoxQue ) January 6 , 2017
Fox 's Tweets about the wall also come as news reports surface about the Trump administration requesting funds from Congress to build the wall .
Story highlights State Department spokeswoman condemned what she called a `` kidnapping ''
Anton Skiba was seized Tuesday in Donetsk
Skiba was taken to a waiting car by gunmen after working at the MH17 crash site
CNN chose not to report it while working for his release
A Ukrainian journalist working as a freelancer for CNN remains in detention two days after he was detained by pro-Russian separatists .
Armed men from the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic seized Anton Skiba outside a hotel in the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk after he had worked for one day with a CNN television crew .
Since his detention , CNN has attempted through a number of different separatist officials , including the office of the separatist Prime Minister Alexander Borodai , to secure Skiba 's freedom .
CNN chose not to report his detention at the time while making efforts to obtain his release .
That has not happened to date , so CNN is now publicly asking those who are holding Skiba to release him immediately .
Anton Skiba was working for CNN when he was abducted in Ukraine on Tuesday night .
Armed fighters led by a senior official from the rebel region were waiting outside the Donbass Palace Hotel when CNN 's crew returned from a day 's work at the MH17 crash site on Tuesday evening .
The official , who later introduced himself as Alexandr Kalyussky , the deputy prime minister in charge of industry in the Donetsk People 's Republic , initially accused Skiba of `` terrorism '' and of posting cash rewards for the killing of separatist fighters on his Facebook page . Kalyussky showed a folder of printed documents that he claimed was evidence , including an apparent printout of Skiba 's Facebook page .
Gunmen escorted Skiba to a waiting car . The young man did not resist as he was led away .
Kalyussky seized a cell phone from CNN cameraman Jeff Kehl , who tried to film the detention . Later , Kalyussky apologized and returned the cell phone to Kehl on condition that Kehl delete the video .
In subsequent conversations with CNN , Kalyussky dropped the accusation that Skiba was offering cash rewards for assassinations . Late Tuesday night , Kalyussky said Skiba was being questioned for having multiple forms of identification with different surnames . On Wednesday , another high-ranking separatist official told CNN that Skiba admitted to being a `` Ukrainian agent . ''
The U.S. ambassador to Ukraine said he was `` very alarmed '' by the incident . Geoffrey Pyatt , the envoy , laid the blame at Moscow 's door .
He told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour the Kremlin was trying `` to use information and fear as part of its strategy to sow chaos in Ukraine . That 's a strategy that leads to a dead end for Russia . ''
State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf strongly condemned what she called Skiba 's `` kidnapping '' by Russian-backed separatists .
`` We demand his immediate release along with the other hostage I believe they hold , '' she said .
Several international human rights and press freedom organizations have called for Skiba 's immediate release .
`` I strongly condemn this incident . Journalists must not become targets just for fulfilling their professional duties , '' said Dunja Mijatovic , the representative for media freedom at the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .
The Committee to Protect Journalists , Reporters Without Borders , and the United Nations Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine have also expressed concern about Skiba and urged his release .
`` The climate for press freedom in the volatile eastern Ukraine has deteriorated further , '' the CPJ warned . The group reported that separatists have detained up to 10 foreign correspondents in the last week who came to the region to report on the plane crash .
On Tuesday , a British reporter working for the television network Russia Today and a cameraman for the Abkhazian Network News Agency went missing while reporting on clashes on the outskirts of Donetsk , the CPJ said .
RT freelancer Graham Phillips and an ANNA cameraman identified only as Vadim have been missing since Tuesday , the CPJ said . They were last seen near Donetsk airport .
On Wednesday , Skiba made a short phone call to CNN .
He said he was being questioned at the headquarters of the Donetsk security services and added that he would `` not be available '' before the call was abruptly cut off . It was unclear whether the call was made under duress .
On Thursday , separatist officials did not respond to additional requests from CNN about Skiba 's welfare .
On July 11 , Kalyussky -- the separatist official who detained Skiba -- was added to the growing list of DPR officials to face sanctions from the European Union .
Anton Skiba had previously also worked as a fixer for the BBC for two days in the wake of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash . A journalist at the weekly Moscow-based newsmagazine Russian Reporter told CNN that Skiba also worked for several months in 2013 as a photographer for the publication .
He was working as a fixer for CNN -- a freelance position that combines journalism , translating and providing local knowledge .
THE FIRST STEALTH GAME SET IN THE MERCILESS AND FRENETIC WORLD OF WORK ! “ Hilarious , addicting , and unique , Level 22 is a terrific game no self-respecting stealth junkie should be without . “ SUPERGAMEDROID.COM “ Level 22 is a delightful re-creation of some of the best parts of the retro stealth action games. ” TOUCHARCADE.COM “ A stealth game with a unique difference , Level 22 is a funny , smart , and enjoyable experience… ” 148APPS.COM “ The quirky design and sound , comedic dialogue , and challenging gameplay creates a fulfilling title. ” GAMEMOB.COM “ Level 22 is a clever take on the stealth genre… ” CULTOFMAC.COM “ Level 22 is a refreshingly unique stealth-'em-up… ” APPSPY.COM “ This one 's got style , folks. ” IGN.COM Are you late for work ? Start panicking ! Gary is an office worker who oversleeps after a drunken night out on the town . Here 's where it gets tricky , because this is n't the first time Gary 's been late for work , and he could be fired if he 's spotted arriving at his desk after everyone else yet again . So he 'll have to prove he 's smart and sneaky enough to make his way up all the 22 floors between him and his office without being seen . - Hide in closets , crawl through air vents , slink along the walls… nobody must spot you ! - Use everything in your reach to get to the end of the level : hide behind a newspaper , smash a vending machine with a well-aimed kick , or use donuts to lure the security guards away . - Want to drive your colleagues crazy , knock them out , poison them or even expose them to harmful radiation ? - Want to booby-trap photocopiers , creep around under a cardboard box or give laxatives to your co-workers ? - Want to settle the score with your bosses ? From the basement to the boss 's office via the research and development labs , explore the zany little universe of LEVEL 22 , Gary 's Misadventures . Game trailer : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=X0K9i0KilBs Follow us on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/NoegoGames Like us on Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/NOEGO.GAMES
Buy Photo Bass anglers like Sandy Geertman , who caught these heavyweights at Lake Kissimmee , rely upon the John Alden Knight 's Solunar Tables for the best times of the day to find bass in a feeding mode . The theory originated at Bob Wall 's Camp , now Camp Holly , on the St. Johns River west of Melbourne . ( Photo : For FLORIDA TODAY ) Buy Photo
As the Solunar Theory story is told in John Alden Knight 's 1942 book “ Moon Up , Moon Down , ” it was just before noon on a hot July day in the early 1930s . The place was Lake Hell'n Blazes at the headwaters of the St. Johns River , south of U.S. 192 west of Melbourne .
Knight , a New York stockbroker on a fishing vacation , was being guided by Bob Wall , who moved to Melbourne from his native Georgia to build a fishing camp where the river crossed 192 , in those years known to people in Melbourne as the Kissimmee Highway , a bumpy two-lane road to Kissimmee .
They had been plugging with top-water baits since dawn and had little to show for it . There was n't a sign of activity anywhere under the boiling sun and Knight was losing his patience . He suggested they pull their small cypress boat up on a floating island for lunch .
Wall kept glancing at his watch , followed by a look out across the thousands of lily pads that matted the Hell'n Blazes surface .
Then , Wall said : “ Come on , Jack . Hurry up with that lunch . We 'll miss the good fishin ' if we sit here much longer . ”
“ What makes you think they 'll rise in all this heat ? ” Knight questions in the book .
“ They 'll rise all right . Moon 's down about noon , ” Wall said .
“ What 's that got to do with it ? ” Knight asked .
“ Never mind about that . Just take my word for it . These fish are goin ' on a feed pretty quick now , ” Wall explained .
It was from that conversation more than 80 years ago that the idea for the Solunar Theory , often called the Solunar Tables , was developed , copyrighted and marketed by Knight and his family
To this day , countless anglers and hunters use the Major and Minor solunar periods as prime activity and feeding times for fish and game . The original John Alden Knight Solunar Tables appear in hundreds of newspapers and magazines .
It was an old back woods Georgia Cracker idea that had been handed down to Wall by his grandfather , a South Georgia market hunter who had observed fish and game all his life , coming to believe that fish and wildlife became more active when the moon was in its “ up ” position — at its zenith — and again when it was “ down ” at its nadir .
Wall 's success with the theory earned him a reputation as one of the finest bass guides in Florida , and people , like Knight , came from all over to fish with him .
According to Knight 's book , he and Wall caught more bass following their lunch break than Knight had ever seen . They brought nine bass back to camp that totaled 78 pounds . Just as Wall had predicted , the good fishing started about noon and lasted for two hours .
Knight became so intrigued with Wall 's theory that he moved to Orlando so he could fish with Wall often . For several years , Knight studied and researched the effects of the moon and sun on the activities and feeding habits of fish and game , using Wall 's “ moon up , moon down ” theory as his basis .
Knight coined the word Solunar from “ solar ” and “ lunar. ” The tables usually list four Solunar periods each day , two “ major ” and two “ minor ” times . Each major lasts about two hours , with the peak occurring at the time listed , and the minor lasts about 45 minutes . Each is followed by about a six-hour activity lull .
The active periods occur about one hour later each day because a so-called moon day is about an hour longer than the 24-hour earth day , according to Knight . For the same reason , occasionally a day will show only three periods .
Knight found that barometric fluctuations , frontal conditions or changing air temperatures could alter the times .
Anglers — particularly freshwater types — are the primary users of the tables . Most saltwater anglers are more tide-conscious , believing that feeding increases during certain tide phases . Deer hunters use them and some squirrel hunters swear by the tables .
Similar tables also have surfaced but most sportsmen feel the Knight tables are accurate more of the time .
Bob Wall sold his camp and moved back to Georgia in the early 1950s . His camp always was known simply as Bob Wall 's Camp . Owners that followed kept the name until years later , when Henry Hollingsworth bought the business and renamed it Camp Holly , a name it retains .
Today , Camp Holly is best known for its laid-back atmosphere , airboat rides , good hamburgers , and more recently an alligator exhibit . Few know it as the home of the worldwide original Solunar Tables .
Contact Bill Sargent at sargentwb @ gmail.com .
Good news on the local job market : Central Ohio has plenty of IT and high tech jobs right now .
The bad news ? There are n't enough workers to fill those jobs .
I talked to executives at Tek Systems which is the largest placement firm in America for high tech jobs .
Tek has offices worldwide and its Columbus office is the biggest one in Ohio .
They help staff positions in a wide range of jobs from call center employees , software engineers , project managers and consultants .
These are good paying jobs too ; Tek Systems told some bump up beyond $ 100,000 a year and the company also said 95 percent of the available jobs are full time .
So why ca n't we fill all of them ? Evidently , the field of high tech is changing so fast , the training of workers is n't keeping up with the pace of expanding technology .
Still , it 's good to know Columbus is an exploding market for high tech with few to no signs of slowing down .
One of the greatest joys of owning your own home is the yard that comes with it . It 's your land to enjoy however you see fit -- growing a garden , putting in a pool , mowing crop circles to communicate with alien races to let them know that anal probing wo n't answer their questions…
But unfortunately for you and your yard , not everyone respects the boundaries of your property . From the rude dog walker to kids using your front lawn as a flag-football end zone , your lawn can take an unfair beating…but with a few bucks , patience , and old-fashioned vengeful spirit , you can stop these intrusions with the help of a remote control sprinkler system . There 's no better – or wetter – way to get your point across .
PART ONE - BUYING AND INSTALLING YOUR REMOTE CONTROL SYSTEM .
You can do it , they can help . Obviously , you need a sprinkler system . If your yard 's already got one , digging up the existing system simply to replace it with a remote control version is probably more trouble than it 's worth , especially for the money . But if you do n't , then head to your local Home Depot , Lowe 's , or other home & garden store , where you 'll find several sprinkler brands that can serve your needs . Most of these systems start at $ 150 or higher . Do n't pinch your pennies here by getting the cheapest brand you can find – remember that you 're ultimately investing in the health of your yard , so you do n't want to go through the trouble of installing a system that will croak within a couple months of use . Dig it . You 've bought your system… now how the heck do you put it in ? Unless you ply your trade in such work , you 'll want to hire a landscaper or general contractor for this portion of the job . Prices can vary depending on how skilled or busy your contractor is , but you definitely want someone who knows what he 's doing on the job here , and who can do it in a matter of days . And it will be so worth it the first time you press the “ on ” button on your remote and watch the pre-pubescent Peyton Mannings go running for dry land .
PART TWO – BEWARE , YE WHO ENTER HERE…
What 's good for the pooch .... You 've got your sprinkler system , your remote 's in hand , you 've found a comfortable spot to watch out your window and wait for violators to come-a-creepin'… gee , do n't you have anything better to do ? Seriously , you 're ready to rock . And as sure as sunshine , the first trespasser is sure to have four legs , fur , and a tail . If you can only douse the four-legged critters , that 's fine . But if you get a chance to go for the two-legged ones , then do . After all , dogs and cats are only doing what comes naturally to them . The owners , on the other hand , are just plain rude . Equal opportunity douser . Among your yard 's trespassers , there are sure to be people in your neighborhood whom you actually like . But even friends and neighbors can sometimes take advantage of your goodwill . If you happen to catch people like this hanging on your lawn without your approval , there 's only one solution : Irrigate their rudeness away . They 'll learn to enjoy themselves back on their own property , or that public parks are lovely spots for outdoor , grass-related activities . Guessing game . So you 've excelled at giving unannounced showers to all comers . Now make sure they do n't get hip to your watering schedule . Make out a schedule only you know and run your system at irregular intervals to keep the passer-bys on their toes and always thinking twice about loafing on your property . Front row seat . Maybe your victims think they simply have bad luck : They 're getting sprayed simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time when your sprinklers come on . That 's not the lesson you want them learning , as history has a tendency to repeat itself . For maximum emphasis , to show how truly committed you are to drowning out this problem for good , plant yourself on your front porch in a lawn chair with your remote in hand . When “ Mr . Unlucky ” allows his dog to go sniffing your lawn , hit the switch and watch them both do a rain dance . The look on Mr . Unlucky 's face when he realizes you 're doing this on purpose will be worth the cost of your sprinkler system alone . Solicit this . Hey , solicitors are trespassing on your property , too , are n't they ? Well , give them a taste of sprinkler justice and after a few lawn baths , the Jehovah 's Witnesses , real estate agents , and candy-selling teenagers will be spreading the word of your evil ways… and they 'll all think twice about knocking on your door . Rinse , repeat ..... You 're going to have repeat offenders . Like all lessons in life , some people have to be taught a few times before their education sticks . So be prepared to play Lawn God as much as it takes for anyone brazen enough to keep trying you to get the message . Tough love . There may even come an occasion where you need to use your remote control sprinkler as a form of tough love ( say for the neighborhood drunk ) . So be it .
You did n't buy your house to watch your yard get tramped on , run over , and urinated into dead-patch oblivion . If you 're like me , you put a lot of hard work , time , and money into keeping your lawn beautiful , so if it takes getting a reputation as the neighborhood 's biggest jerk-off to keep it looking that way , so be it . Short of building a wall around your property , a remote control sprinkler system is a sure-fire way to keep trespassers off the grass . Besides , how else can you have so much fun and keep your lawn green and gorgeous at the same time ?
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mob has been criticised for encouraging a homeless man to jump off a bridge and then jeering him after he climbed back over the railing .
The crowd taunted Nicolae Iordache as he stood on the edge and threatened to jump in the water as he protested his housing situation and ' a lack of help ' from police .
As the 50-year-old Romanian man began taking off his clothes , spectators repeatedly chanted `` jump '' and shouted at him to `` get the f * * * on '' with it .
A group of men started a football-style song calling on Mr Iordache to 'prove he was a man ' and get in the water .
He was booed as he put his clothes back on and was met by emergency services , with police telling the Bristol Post that they were disappointed by the spectators who displayed a lack of compassion .
( Image : Bristol Post )
( Image : Bristol Post )
Several people made calls to the emergency services to express concern for Mr Iordache as he stood on the edge of Pero 's Bridge in Bristol 's Harbourside on Saturday at 5pm .
Throughout the incident - witnessed by a reporter - he maintained that he had no intention to hurt himself and he was trying to bring attention to his situation .
The police did not treat the incident as a suicide attempt .
( Image : Bristol Post )
By the time the police , ambulance and fire crews arrived on the scene two large crowds had formed at either end of the bridge – which was swiftly closed to pedestrians .
Some spectators began to goad him as he shouted about his cause and spoke to police officers standing under him .
The crowd had swelled to about 200 as a lone drunken shout of ‘ hurry up and jump in ' was heard , with others soon joining in .
The football-style chant followed , leading others to repeatedly chant `` jump '' .
( Image : Bristol Post )
Shortly after Avon Fire and Rescue 's water unit turned up one man jumped in to the water .
He was met by a rousing cheer from onlookers , with one woman screaming “ look he 's done it so now you can get the f * * * on and do it ” .
Spectators complained about public resources and taxpayers ' money being `` wasted '' on the incident .
People snapped photos and recorded footage as Mr Iordache started to undress , with a reporter witnessing one woman speaking to her family on the video call service FaceTime to show them “ the idiot on the bridge ” .
( Image : Bristol Post )
The cheers grew louder every time the homeless man took off another item of clothing , and by the time he got down to his boxer shorts people had started shouting a countdown .
Mr Iordache seemed to play up to the crowd , and was met with a chorus of boos when he refused to jump and put his clothes back on .
He then climbed back over the barrier and was greeted by police , fire and ambulance crews .
Some spectators cursed at him and one shouted : `` Are you happy now , you w * * * * * ? ''
( Image : Bristol Post )
Avon and Somersey Police said they did n't disperse the crowd because their priority was to `` ensure the safety '' of Mr Iordache .
A spokesperson added : `` Balancing a finite number of officers to deal with multiple incidents across the force area is always a challenge and dispersing a crowd would have required additional resources , while also not necessarily being the best tactic for the man 's safety .
“ It 's disappointing that a small minority of people watching this incident shouted unhelpful comments while officers were focusing on engaging with the man during this incident . ”
Drivers plan 24-hour walkout in dispute over pay on same day England takes on Slovenia in World Cup qualifier at Wembley
A strike by tube drivers on Thursday 5 October will cause substantial disruption across the London Underground network , passengers have been warned .
Members of the Aslef union plan to walk out for 24 hours in a dispute over working conditions .
The strike will hit football fans travelling to Wembley for England 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia .
Transport for London ( TfL ) warned that other transport services would be busier than usual as passengers seek alternative routes .
Bus services were likely to be exceptionally busy across the capital , it said , and urged people to walk if possible . Road journeys could also take significantly longer than normal , so people were advised to drive through central London only if necessary .
Extra buses and Santander cycle hubs will be provided should the strike go ahead , and TfL is exploring options to help get supporters to Wembley stadium .
The dispute is about the progress of joint initiatives set up last year between TfL and the unions to improve the work/life balance of tube drivers .
A four-day , 36-hour working week was trialled on the Jubilee line for drivers , which is now being analysed .
TfL said it had met its commitments and had been in “ constructive ” discussions with Aslef at the conciliatory service Acas to try to resolve the dispute . Further talks are scheduled early next week .
Nigel Holness , director of network operations for London Underground , said : “ Should the planned strike action go ahead , there will be substantial disruption . We will do everything possible to ensure customers can get around on alternative transport services and have the right information to help them do this .
“ We are committed to ensuring that our employees are able to maintain a good balance between their work and personal lives , and we have been working closely with the unions on new ways to achieve this .
“ I encourage the Aslef leadership to continue working with us constructively rather than moving towards unnecessary strike action . ”
The strike will take place as four rail companies around the UK face action by RMT members in the escalating dispute over the role of guards on trains .
Conductors or guards from the union will walk out on Tuesday and Thursday next week on Southern , Northern , Merseyrail and , for the first time , Greater Anglia services . Southern and Greater Anglia have said they will run a near-normal service despite the action , although Northern and Merseyrail will operate only a limited service , mostly from the morning to evening peaks .
However , the prospect of the dispute spreading outside England has receded . Unions welcomed a commitment from the Welsh government that it would retain a second staff member on all train services during the next Wales and Borders franchise , which is due to be renewed next year . The government said the commitment was built on a clear public response in a consultation that guards were important or essential in the region
Cabinet secretary for economy and infrastructure , Ken Skates , said : “ We want to hold up the Welsh rail network as an example of where a government can work in effective social partnership with trade unions to deliver a world class railway for commuters , our economy and our communities . ”
China Miéville is the author of The City & The City , Embassytown , and several other novels — and he 's written academic treatises about Marxism . Sometimes , he mixes the two up . He writes about supernatural labor movements ( in Kraken , the spirits of the dead go on strike ) and interplanetary industrial revolutions . That 's partly because Miéville has been inspired by over a century of science fiction that includes socialist themes .
A couple of years ago , Miéville compiled a list of 50 works of science fiction `` that every socialist should read . '' It 's a fascinating collection that goes back to the early twentieth century with Alexander Bogdanov , Charlotte Perkins Gilman , and Claude Farrère — and continues up to the present with Iain M. Banks , Octavia Butler , and Mary Gentle . Oh , and Gregory MacGuire is there , along with Jonathan Swift . It 's a really interesting list , and reflects a strong tradition in speculative fiction that people rarely discuss today . Go check it out !
German Made , Speidel Fermenters are available in a range of sizes 3.2 gallons all the way up to… 132 gallons . Check out the full lineup including accessories and replacement gaskets .
I 've owned a 5.3 gallon Speidel fermenter since October of 2011 . I use it for small batch BIAB beers . I 've been very impressed with that fermenter . More recently , I picked up the 7.9 gallon version so that I can ferment full 5 gallon batches with all the same advantages . This is a hands-on review of both fermenters .
Here 's the 7.9 gallon fermenter with lid and storage cap on . It 's made of heavy duty HDPE that can handle up to 140 deg F. HDPE is not… glass . The benefits of that are… no dropping a glass fermenter down a couple steps and having it shatter and getting glass shards in your feet and spending the day cleaning up the beer you just made and never getting to drink any of it . Ask me how I know : ( . Do n't get me wrong , I still have glass fermenters , there are pros and cons . A pro of this design is safety .
The lid disassembled . There are two parts . An outer ring and the inner lid . Notice the O-ring on the lid portion . Every connection ( lid or cap ) has an O-ring . I like that a lot . I 've used other plastic fermenters that are leaky . The net result of that , for me at least , was no airlock activity because CO2 is leaking out other places . Because the Speidel is well built and has airtight O-Ring connections , that has never happened when I 've used the Speidel . As a bonus , replacement lid gaskets are available .
The center portion of the lid with the storage cap installed . The storage cap and spigot are the same size and threading .
Storage cap installed on the spigot port
The spigot ( top ) and storage cap ( bottom ) .
The stopper , airlock and spigot . If you look closely at the front of the spigot , you 'll notice that there is a small hole in it . That is designed to allow any beer left in the tubing to finish draining after the spigot is turned off .
The airlock installed
Speidel logo on the front of the fermenter
Heavy-duty handles . Per the product specifications , each handle is rated for up to 66 lbs or 132 lbs in all . That fact shows up in the product description starting at the 15.9 Gallon size . I 'm assuming it 's true of all sizes .
A look at the inside of the fermenter
Assembled
Side by side . The 7.9 gallon/30 Liter next to the 5.3 gallon/20 Liter .
This is how I 've been storing the 5.3 gallon . Assembled with the spigot on bottom and the storage cap on top . I leave everything threaded but loose . That keeps out most of the dust , but still provides a little airflow .
Here is the 7.9 gallon Speidel with a batch ready to be kegged . As you can see I continue to keep the spigot oriented sideways during fermentation . The O-Ring provides a good enough seal that you can carefully loosen the spigot slightly and rotate without leaks . I flush it with Star San and then drain a bit of beer to clear up anything that might have settled in the spigot or in the area just beyond the spigot inside the fermenter .
Slip some sanitized tubing over the spigot and make sure the tubing goes all the way to the bottom of the keg and you 're transferring .
A look at the keg
Clear beer transferring to my keg . No siphoning required .
Here 's the trub . This was an IPA with a good amount of hops both in the boil and some dry hops . The recipe had quite a few late addition hops . I transferred most of that over from the boil kettle . It 's worth noting that if you use lots and lots of hops it 's possible that the trub layer will go up to or over of the spigot . I 've had that happen on a couple of occasions . Some ideas to help with that for beers with lots and lots of hops – use hop bags in the boil or fementer or work on a cleaner transfer from your kettle to the fermenter . If it happen 's it 's easy enough to siphon out of the fermenter . This has n't been a big problem for me , but it 's worth mentioning .
20.15 Seconds . One thing I have been impressed with from day 1 ( with my 5.3 gallon ) is how easy these are to clean out . There 's something about size and height of the spigot hole that just seems to make it easy . To illustrate this , I had my son run a timer . That timer started after I removed the spigot and got the hose and got the hose turned on . I did not wait for trub to drain out of the fermenter . I quickly took off the spigot , grabbed the hose and turned it on . It took 20.15 seconds to go from the picture above to…
You can see that it is nearly clean . There is some stuff sticking to the walls toward the top of the fermenter . It 's not completely ready for PBW and it 's not what I would normally do . I was going for speed . I would have taken another 30 or 45 seconds and sprayed the rest out . My point is that it 's easy .
Side by side
After rinsing out the Speidel , I put the solid cap on the spigot hole and fill with hot water and PBW .
The 7.9 Gallon Speidel with hot PBW solution soaking in it . I 'll let this sit for anywhere from 30 minutes to overnight . A quick drain and rinse and the fermenter is good to go . I 've never scrubbed the inside of these with anything .
If you 're a Marks Keg and Carboy Washer owner or prospective owner and wonder if this fits on that , the answer is… yes . It 's not like cleaning a bucket , standard fermenter or keg in that I would feel comfortable walking away . The openings ( both 5.3 and 7.9 gallon versions ) are large enough to sit on top , but not so large that I would trust them to be stable on their own . So , plan on staying close . As illustrated , it 's a breeze to clean this thing without the Keg and Carboy Washer , but the two do work together .
Some Benefits of Speidel Fermentation Tanks ( via product description ) :
High quality , German manufactured .
Made of High Density Polyethylene ( HDPE )
Heavy duty and much thicker than traditional plastic carboys
Oversized top opening makes for easy cleaning .
Integrated spigot
All connections have o-rings to insure you have no liquid or gas leaks .
Integrated handles for easily moving these around .
Unlike traditional carboys , these will not shatter .
High density construction is highly resistant to oxygen ingress , making these suitable for longer term ( up to 12 months ) use .
Up to 31.7 gallons
I have bought my 5.3 gallon Speidel back in October of 2011 . It 's a great fermenter ! Quality construction and a great set of features that make easy work of the job of fermentation , transfer and clean up . The 7.9 gallon version is nearly identical , with the exception of capacity .
Check out the Full Lineup of Speidel Fermenters and Accessories
From HBF Readers :
W hether you 're a believer in the tenets of a faith tradition or not , Brookland and the nearby area are surprisingly rich in spots for contemplation . From an intimate indoor chapel to a portico inscribed with prayers in dozens of languages , this tour in Northeast Washington provides quiet escapes from the urban buzz , arguably louder than ever as the holidays wind up and a tumultuous 2015 winds down .
Caldwell Chapel
Catholic University , 620 Michigan Ave. NE
Catholic University 's original chapel , named for the institution 's first donor , Mary Gwendolyn Caldwell , is in Caldwell Hall , whose cornerstone was laid in 1888 and where the School of Theology and Religious Studies is housed . The five windows encircling the east end of the chapel , which were installed about the time the building opened , underwent a significant renovation by Adams Morgan Stained Glass from 2005 to 2008 , says Rick Ricker , director of facilities maintenance and operations at the university ; their luster is best appreciated on a sunny day . Chapel architect Adolph Cluss also designed Eastern Market .
( Note : You are a short walk from the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception , which is open daily and receives about a million visitors a year . )
Franciscan Monastery of the Holy Land in America
1400 Quincy St. NE
The monastery 's pathways , gardens , water features and a portico are open year-round for exploration ; you 're apt to encounter one of the monks who live and work here as you wander . “ We happened upon the monastery years ago , ” says Woodridge resident Ginta Carlson . As a new mom , she pushed her infant son in his stroller here ; now he and his sister join Carlson and her husband each year for a sunrise Easter Mass in the lower garden , a standing-room-only event . On most other days , “ it is very serene , very much an oasis. ” Do n't miss the beautifully ornate church dating to 1899 and its small adjacent gift shop .
Notre Dame Chapel
Trinity Washington University , 125 Michigan Ave. NE
“ I love to show off this place , ” says Trinity Washington University 's vice president for advancement , Ann Pauley , gesturing toward the 1924 building 's ceiling 60 feet up . Upon it are terra-cotta tiles created by Spanish architect Rafael Guastavino ( 1842-1908 ) . The tiles — which also can be seen at Georgetown University , the National Archives and the Russell Senate Office Building , among other D.C. sites — are renowned for their strength and beauty . Trinity 's 2,200 students ( the school educates more D.C. residents than any other private university in the country ) visit to admire the stunning mosaics as well as the tiles . So can you ; be sure to call ahead so staff can unlock the doors ( or email pr @ trinitydc.edu for tour inquiries ) . Tiles atop the Trinity Academic Center , under construction and scheduled to open in fall 2016 , will be matched to those on the chapel 's red roof .
Refuel during your excursion with a stop at Monroe Street Market , where Brookland Pint ( 716 Monroe St. NE ) offers numerous gluten-free options and Hälsa 's ( 655 Michigan Ave. NE ) nutrient-rich bone broth is generating legions of fans . There are numerous places to grab a bite along Monroe , as well as on 12th Street , where Brookland 's Finest ( 3126 12th St. NE ) serves American fare and those who love pizza are already aware of Menomale ( 2711 12th St. NE ) , with its 5,500-pound oven from Italy .
A fake report spread on the eve of President Donald Trump 's 100th day in office said former Alaska Gov . Sarah Palin was in a coma after a car accident .
`` Sarah Palin in a coma after hit and run , '' read the headline on an April 28 , 2017 , post . We first saw it on FreedomCrossroads.us , a website registered in Maine . But the post appeared on several other websites across the Internet without being attributed to an original source .
Facebook users reported the story as being potentially fabricated , as part of the site 's efforts to clear out fake news from user news feeds .
The fake story said that Palin had been driving on the Pacific Coast Highway ( with no state given ) that morning when she was run off the road by another , unspecified vehicle . The post said her SUV rolled several times and stopped in a drainage ditch .
The image used to illustrate the rollover was actually of a fatal 2015 accident in Mississippi .
Palin was `` currently in a coma with 2 broken vertebrae and a broken thigh , '' according to the post . Authorities were searching for the other vehicle , which was caught on camera , the article said . The FBI had reportedly been dispatched , too .
Palin had been tweeting right before noon and even later in the day , and posts kept appearing both on her Twitter and Facebook accounts through the weekend . We attempted to reach her office through her website , SarahPalin.com , and by email , but received no response .
There was no coverage by any legitimate media outlet of an accident involving Palin , which you 'd figure would be spotlighted on cable news . The sensational nature of the story , misappropriated photo and lack of specifics made it obvious this was fake news .
But the Internet was n't done , because a follow-up post appeared on April 30 . That story again was shared on multiple websites , including FreedomCrossroads.us . It said Palin had woken up and was able to identify who ran her off the road .
That story said the California Highway Patrol traced a license plate back to a car rented with a fake ID , with video from a security camera at rental company in Silicon Valley . The post described a white man in his 30s .
Several websites used the same image , but it was actually of a robbery suspect at an Oklahoma hotel in 2012 .
But since the first story did n't happen , the second one did n't , either . The only wide coverage Palin had received as of late was a well-publicized visit to the White House on April 19 .
There 's zero proof this happened , despite what fake news websites said . We rate this statement Pants On Fire !
Chechen refugee Movsar Eskarkhanov , the man who spoke to Time magazine 's Simon Shuster this September about being gay in Chechnya , has apologized to the Chechen people and government for “ shaming them , ” according to the BBC 's Russian-language service . On November 13 , the state-run television network Grozny reportedly published a video of Eskarkhanov 's apology .
Presented as a “ front-page investigation , ” the TV station describes Eskarkhanov as a “ mentally ill person ” who “ invented ” a story about being gay , which the Western press later “ sensationalized. ” “ What aims did [ these media outlets ] actually pursue ? Who profited from exposing him in an unfavorable light , blackening his honor and the honor of the entire Chechen people ? ” Grozny 's correspondent asks viewers .
According to the BBC , Grozny 's report accuses Western journalists of “ framing ” Eskarkhanov and “ disgracing him before the Chechen people and Chechnya 's ruler . ”
“ Therefore I ask the forgiveness of Chechnya 's people , Chechnya 's leadership , and the Chechens living in the North Caucasus and in Europe , ” Eskarkhanov told Grozny television , according to the BBC .
Time magazine 's report on Movsar Eskarkhanov , titled “ They Tell Me a Demon Lives Inside Me , ” was published in September 2017 . In that text , he discusses being gay and said that he fears for his life . This was the first known case of a Chechen native openly calling himself gay .
In the Time story , Eskarkhanov said he 'd been threatened and blackmailed in Chechnya . He sought asylum in Germany , but German authorities rejected his request . In a refugee camp in Germany , Eskarkhanov said he encountered other Chechens who at one point attacked him . Even in the camp , he told Time that he still receives regular threats .
According to the BBC , Chechen television aired a report about Eskarkhanov 's family in early November , saying that his mother “ is ashamed to look people in the eyes. ” That report accused Eskarkhanov of being “ a psychopath . ”
In April 2017 , the newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported on a mass crackdown in Chechnya by police against gay men . According to the newspaper , dozens of men have been beaten and tortured in “ secret prisons , ” where the authorities force detainees to name other suspected gay men . This fall , Omsk resident Maxim Lapunov was the first victim to come forward publicly , saying he spent 12 days in one of Chechnya 's secret prisons for gay men . Chechen officials have denied Novaya Gazeta 's allegations , insisting that gay people do not exist in Chechnya .
The fallout from the Bitfinex hack , which cost the digital exchange $ 72 million , has customers losing 36 percent of the assets that they held on the digital platform . Bitfinex has attempted to appease those affected by offering tokens of credit that can be redeemed by Bitfinex or its parent company , iFinex .
Consumer confidence will not be bolstered by the news that no one seems to have any idea of the techniques used by the hackers or , at least , Bitfinex and other experts are not admitting that there is a weak spot in blockchain and the decentralized ledger approach .
Toil And Trouble With Bitcoin Price
The Bitfinex hack saw the price of bitcoin fall to $ 480 , but optimism has brought the price back up to close to $ 580 , according to Coin Desk USD Bitcoin Price Index . Trading on Bitfinex resumed on Aug. 10 , and theories abounded concerning the 20 percent price drop following the hack and the subsequent rebound . Analysts were drawing comparisons with the Bitfinex price drop and one that occurred when Mike Hearn , a key bitcoin developer , abandoned the project .
The chairman of EAM , Tim Enneking , optimistically stated that the Bitfinex hack did not change the perceived value of the currency among traders and that he expects the price to approach $ 800 in the recovery period . Petar Zivkovski , director of operations for Whaleclub , cited “ mean reversion , ” meaning that the price plunge was caused by margin calls for long positions held by those who were surprised by the hack and had little time to react .
Bitfinex 's decision not to file for bankruptcy and its expected reopening seems to be supporting bitcoin prices . The CEO of bitcoin leverage trading platform BitMEX , Arthur Hayes predicted , “ Once they ( Bitfinex ) allow trading , many traders will attempt to purchase bitcoin with any dollars they have on the platform and withdraw , ” which he expected to push up the price on Bitfinex and in the rest of the market .
According to a Bitfinex statement , “ We have added additional platform and infrastructure security checks ; regenerated all encrypted services , including wallets , security tokens , and passwords ; moved funds to multisig cold storage ; re-evaluated all third-party integrations ; performed a comprehensive system audit in order to identify vulnerabilities and rebuilt our entire platform on new infrastructure . ”
When trading resumed , the value of the tokens distributed to Bitfinex traders rose in value from $ 0.10 to $ 0.40 , exciting analysts and confounding others such as Hayes . He told CoinDesk , “ Bitfinex explicitly said it has no obligations to ever pay back a dime to BFX token holders. ” The exchange had announced on Aug. 6 that the tokens would be available for trade until Bitfinex either paid back its accountholders or provided them with shares of iFinex .
Some accused Bitfinex of distributing the first debt-based cryptocurrency , and others suggested that Bitfinex was driving up the market by in order to buy back the equity at a lower value .
Bitcoin ‘ Hacker ' Program To Attract Developers
Other news for bitcoin includes a “ hacker residency ” program run by Chaincode Labs that is to begin in the fall in New York City . The program will last for four weeks , and participants will explore bitcoin software interactively rather than learning online . The goal is to increase the number of low-level protocol developers and attract potential developers .
US Government To Auction Off Seized Bitcoin
The U.S. government is about to auction off 2,700 bitcoins that it acquired following the shutdown of Silk Road back in October 2013 . It will be interesting to see what the coins go for on Aug. 22 bearing in mind that the government is valuing them at around $ 593 . This is the fifth auction conducted by the U.S . Marshals Service of seized bitcoin since June 2014 .
Apple Tainting Bitcoin 's ‘ Stellar ' ( ? ) Reputation
Bitcoin ca n't escape its notoriety and nefarious connections , which were highlighted by Apple . Apple is cracking down on counterfeit bitcoin wallets that are appearing in the App Store . In the last week , at least 10 instances of fake coins were reported by Apple Insider . Fake coins can steal thousands of dollars in bitcoins from other users .
The apps pose as legitimate bitcoin wallets such as BitGo and Coinbase using copycat source code . One of the illegitimate apps reportedly stole $ 20,000 from customers and around $ 10,000 from just one victim . Apple could be partly at fault for not screening out the apps , but bitcoin developers have been in the habit of making source code public to increase transparency making it easier for hackers to copy the apps .
Now we know the reason for the New York hacker residency program . Bitcoin needs to up come with new source code .
Bitcoin To Be Worth $ 2,000 By 2017
Kim Dotcom , who is responsible for the file-sharing services MegaUpload and MEGA.co.nz and rumored to host pirated content , has predicted a value of $ 2,000 per bitcoin by 2017 . This implies great things for his planned Bitcache service , which merges bitcoin with MegaUpload .
Oh – so it 's 2017 now ? It was supposed to hit $ 2,000 by the end of Feb 2014 . Then in 2015 , it was reported that each bitcoin would be worth $ 12 million by the end of 2019 , and in 2015 , it was projected to reach $ 1 million in a few years .
According to The Merkle , the proposed platform could have a major impact on bitcoin value , as could the upcoming government auctions . But if bitcoin continues to suffer from cyberattacks , it might be better deploying its New York hacker graduates to security coding rather than finding ways to integrate digital currency transactions with a file-sharing service .
Thats it guys , Amon is alive ! Now seriously , This felt more like afor Urie than anything else , that thing of `` preserving '' the new generation [ nooooo ... ] I can see Urie sacrificing himself for Hige in a critical situation but damn , it would feel too early for Cookie to die now and even more if It 's for Hige ... I mean I still dont feel any kind of conection with the second generation Qs ( just saying , I would feel sadder if Itou or Takeomi died ) If the new Qs get some development I will care for them but for now they are just underlings of Urie and some guys Saiko knows ( cmon , even Ishida hinted that Hsiao is the main course of fanservice right now ) .Nishiki looking a lot like Arima in that panel with Naki/Shuu and Kaneki looking badass with his kagune.I think Furuta knows another group is going to attack the lab ( Aogiri style ) and he is prepared for that , what I think he doesn ` t know is that Kaneki will go there too leaving the other three behind as OEK decoys so everybody believes the OEK is still in the 22nd ward , or something similar I guess.I dont see Suzuya being defeated now , Furuta is supposed to win in this fight so he gets enough credit to become chairman . Death of Donato would feel really wrong too so I see him playing with Urie and Hige until Saiko comes to their aid.The arc just started and it feels as tense as the previous one in Rue Island , I dont know if I want this path or not yet but Im enjoying it so far.No more chapters until 2017 , Berserk vibe just now ... ( sob )
TokyoGirls'Update
YEAH ! ! ! Chiptune Duo Spica no Yoru Release Preview for 2nd Single and Announce 1st Live ! ! !
Sponsored Links
Spica no Yoru , the chiptune duo of Raura Iida ( ex-Sakura Gakuin ) and Yuika Shima ( ex-Karen Girls ) have unveiled a short preview of “ YEAH ! ! ! ” and “ Grasshopper ” , which are the songs on their 2nd digital single which will be on iTunes and A ! MUSIC starting on November 11 , 2015 !
Contributor Wanted ! !
The preview features black and white footage taken from the recording sessions for the songs . The good news does not end there though ! Spica no Yoru will be holding their first live performance at 2.5D Studio on November 14 , 2015 in celebration of their 2nd digital single ! In the case that you will not be able to attend this historic event , it has been announced that the program will be broadcast on USTREAM so stay tuned for more details !
If you need to see more Raura Iida , she is currently starring in the drama “ Cheer☆dol ” , which is available to watch on Nico Nico ! Check out our special video interview with her and the rest of the cast in the link below !
Get Out of a Hopeless Situation and Start to Shine ! Interview Video With the Cast of New TV Drama “ Cheer☆dol ”
Spica no Yoru 2nd Single “ YEAH ! ! ! ” Release Party
November 14 , 2015 ( Saturday )
2.5D Studio – Shibuya PARCO
Related Links
Raura Iida Official Twitter : https : //twitter.com/iidaraura
Yuika Shima Official Twitter : https : //twitter.com/chanyui_s
Yuika Shima Instagram : https : //instagram.com/chanyui_s/
Spica no Yoru Instagram : https : //instagram.com/spicanoyoru/
Spica no Yoru YouTube channel : https : //www.youtube.com/c/spicanoyoru
Sponsored Links
Share This Article
Author Kai Okudara Writer , researcher , photographer , foodie , KSDD
You may also like
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
In the early hours on this day , the 28th of June , 1969 , police raided the Stonewall Inn on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village , on Manhattan . Such things were a familiar occurrence . The Inn had a reputation of first , being owned by the Mafia , and secondly for catering to the most marginal of the Lesbian and Gay community .
The Wikipedia article on this event stated the clientele were mostly “ drag queens , transgender people , effeminate young men , butch lesbians , male prostitutes , and homeless youth. ” It was the only bar where same gender people could dance .
The raid began as the raids often did . But then things began to shift . First , people who were cross dressing refused to be examined for their gender . Then others refused to show identification . The police responded with force . There are allegations women were groped by some of the officers . Some were detained . Those who were released did not flee , but stayed in among a growing crowd . As people were being escorted to the paddy wagons , someone shouted “ Gay power ! ” Someone began singing “ We shall overcome. ” An officer shoved a transvestite , who hit him with her purse .
At Wikipedia we 're told “ A scuffle broke out when a woman in handcuffs was escorted from the door of the bar to the waiting police wagon several times . She escaped repeatedly and fought with four of the police , swearing and shouting , for about ten minutes . Described as ‘ a typical New York butch ' and ‘ a dyke–stone butch ' , she had been hit on the head by an officer with a baton for , as one witness claimed , complaining that her handcuffs were too tight . Bystanders recalled that the woman , whose identity remains unknown ( Stormé DeLarverie has been identified by some , including herself , as the woman , but accounts vary , sparked the crowd to fight when she looked at bystanders and shouted , ‘ Why do n't you guys do something ? ' After an officer picked her up and heaved her into the back of the wagon , the crowd became a mob and went ‘ berserk ' : ‘ It was at that moment that the scene became explosive . ' ”
Of what followed , one of the patrons , Michael Fader writes :
“ We all had a collective feeling like we 'd had enough of this kind of shit . It was n't anything tangible anybody said to anyone else , it was just kind of like everything over the years had come to a head on that one particular night in the one particular place , and it was not an organized demonstration… Everyone in the crowd felt that we were never going to go back . It was like the last straw . It was time to reclaim something that had always been taken from us… . All kinds of people , all different reasons , but mostly it was total outrage , anger , sorrow , everything combined , and everything just kind of ran its course . It was the police who were doing most of the destruction . We were really trying to get back in and break free . And we felt that we had freedom at last , or freedom to at least show that we demanded freedom . We were n't going to be walking meekly in the night and letting them shove us around—it 's like standing your ground for the first time and in a really strong way , and that 's what caught the police by surprise . There was something in the air , freedom a long time overdue , and we 're going to fight for it . It took different forms , but the bottom line was , we were n't going to go away . And we did n't . ”
The world would never be the same…
Breadpig , stylized as breadpig , is a company that produces a variety of items that appeal to geeks , most notably publishing the book xkcd : volume 0 . [ 1 ]
Details [ edit ]
Breadpig was founded by Alexis Ohanian , a co-founder of the social news site reddit . Alexis and Steve Huffman , reddit 's other co-founder , were searching for expired domains for their yet unnamed website that had the word `` read '' in them . A search returned `` breadpig.com '' and the pair bought it purely out of comic value . Steve imagined the `` breadpig '' as a `` pig with bread wings '' , and Alexis doodled the first version . [ 2 ]
breadpig teamed up with Randall Munroe , the author of xkcd , to publish xkcd : volume 0 , which contains selected xkcd comics . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
breadpig calls itself an `` uncorporation , '' which means `` in practice '' it gives a lot of its profits away to charity . `` Rather than following the typical corporate directive of maximizing shareholder wealth , breadpig aims to do interesting ( good ) things with its profits . `` [ 5 ]
In 2008 , breadpig raised over $ 30,000 from creating and selling LOLmagnetz - magnetic poetry for lolspeak . [ 6 ] In February 2009 , breadpig donated $ 15,000 to the San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals [ 7 ] and in October 2009 , raised $ 32,000 for Room to Read to construct a primary school in Laos . [ 8 ] breadpig went on to raise $ 52,700 , via the sale of xkcd : volume 0 . This money was used for the development of a schoolroom , a reading room , and a local language publishing room , also via Room to Read . [ 9 ] As of December 2010 , breadpig has raised over $ 150,000 for charity ( including both funds raised , and profits donated ) . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
References [ edit ]
On `` it 's all a dream '' : If Erfworld ended tomorrow with a final page showing Parson waking from a coma , Erfworld a complete fabrication of a half-destroyed brain , would it really ruin the whole thing ? We 've gotten over 10 years of entertainment from the story , with countless more fan-written fiction to boot , and enjoyed every minute of it . Would an ending where Erfworld was less `` real '' for its main ( fictional ) character make it any less real to us , the readers ? Will it change what we 've felt for the past 10 years ? Will it really change our perception of what we felt ? Erfworld is already fictional - what would another layer of fiction be detracting from ? I guess I never understood the complaints about long-running fictional series ' being , in the end , a dream or some autistic kid 's fantasy or whatever . Does it feel like a cop-out or something ? Like the author ( s ) did n't do their due diligence for a proper ending that 's satisfying to the audience ? Can an ending not be both a dream and satisfying ? What happened to all the satisfaction through the whole dang thing ? At this point I can understand about that kind of ending being a trope , and not a very good one , but I do n't get why it affects people so strongly from a story perspective . ... that said please do n't be all a dream
On `` it 's all a dream '' : If Erfworld ended tomorrow with a final page showing Parson waking from a coma , Erfworld a complete fabrication of a half-destroyed brain , would it really ruin the whole thing ? We 've gotten over 10 years of entertainment from the story , with countless more fan-written fiction to boot , and enjoyed every minute of it . Would an ending where Erfworld was less `` real '' for its main ( fictional ) character make it any less real to us , the readers ? Will it change what we 've felt for the past 10 years ? Will it really change our perception of what we felt ? Erfworld is already fictional - what would another layer of fiction be detracting from ? I guess I never understood the complaints about long-running fictional series ' being , in the end , a dream or some autistic kid 's fantasy or whatever . Does it feel like a cop-out or something ? Like the author ( s ) did n't do their due diligence for a proper ending that 's satisfying to the audience ? Can an ending not be both a dream and satisfying ? What happened to all the satisfaction through the whole dang thing ? At this point I can understand about that kind of ending being a trope , and not a very good one , but I do n't get why it affects people so strongly from a story perspective . ... that said please do n't be all a dream
It really depends .
I think that there is a lot of room for interesting metaphysics in `` it could have all been a dream . '' That 's how Wizard of Oz ( book and movie ) both sorta end ( book is more `` do n't have any real proof it was n't a dream '' and movie is more `` ca n't absolutely exclude the possibility that it was n't just a dream '' ) . As a conclusion , it loses to an ongoing dramatic tension about what is real ( for me ) .
There 's the famous `` dream before dying '' there the story turns out to be a delusion in denial of a non-survivable event early in the story . These vary a lot in value , the conceit alone was sufficient to carry some classic early examples , but now there needs to be more to the story , a contemplation of the nature of life and death , perhaps ideas about the afterlife , and the initial 'escape ' should be significant to the story ( so Erfworld ca n't be `` Parson is in a coma after crashing on the way home '' but it totally could turn out that his gaming group really did spike his drink with acid ) .
If you actually have something to say ( or just questions to raise ) about what makes reality different from dreams , or whether it even matters , then the `` it was all a dream '' ending can make for powerful literature . But if it 's a cheap way of escaping from plot issues and internal consistency , then obviously it comes across as a cheat .
Deus Ex Machina was a stage technique to demonstrate divine intervention to rectify difficulties beyond the heroes capacity to fix . We receive the term as a synonym for lazy writing , but sometimes the entire point of a story ( certainly for the ancient Greeks ) is that things work out in the end because of divine intervention , not human efforts . Basically , if the gods approve of your virtuous conduct , they arrange things for the best , despite the lack of any obvious causal mechanism other than some deity saying `` hey . this guy tried hard to do the right thing , he deserves a good ending '' ( the Greek gods mostly only ever did this for guys , because they were giant sexists , I guess ) . More modern miracle literature usually works with a string of small miracles rather than having a god or divine messenger pop out and fix everything at the last moment , but you still see the `` faith rewarded in the final scene '' ending . The key is that there has to be an in-character , in-story reason for the divine intervention , we have to see in the story why it is that a particular god would care to fix things for this person but not everyone else .
It does n't have to be a `` good '' reason either . On the other hand , even with a `` good '' reason , it can still make for a dumb story .
Like they say , tropes are n't bad , it 's a matter of how they 're used . Yes , these are things that happen in stories disproportionately often to how often they happen in life . But that 's because we tell stories about the exceptional cases that we believe to reveal something important about life .
Including exceptional cases we just made up .
I do still think that it is more likely that Erfworld will go in the opposite direction , that eventually Parson will pull his gaming group in with him . Or that he 'll learn magic in Erfworld and then go back to Stupidworld and still be able to do some . Or something like that .
But if Parson goes back to Stupidworld without any proof , and it 's only a few minutes or months after he left ... well , what real difference does it make whether it was real or a dream ? The difference is himself . And I think Parson is a different enough person now to care more about how to life his life going forward than whether certain critical experiences really happened or not if he does n't have proof on hand .
Video games show us lots of fantastic things . Among them are some pretty fantastic injuries . My dad is a doctor of internal medicine so I decided to show him some horrific bodily injuries from video games and get his professional medical opinion . I picked five clips and we 'll discuss each one in turn . I do n't really feel like I should have to say this but what follows is definitely not chill if you are at work , have a medical phobia , or both . Now , let 's get the doctor 's diagnosis .
Case 1 : Alien : Isolation
Patient : Amanda Ripley
Injury : Impaled by alien tail
Alex : Dad , thanks for taking the time to be here .
The Doctor : My pleasure , what are we looking at here ?
Alex : She 's getting impaled from behind and I guess that hand at the end is maybe the Alien saying “ in your face ” .
The Doctor : Well the aorta is ruptured so massive internal bleeding . The colon is perforated…
Alex : Does that mean she would go to the bathroom in her pants ?
The Doctor : Absolutely .
Alex : Please continue .
The Doctor : and finally the spinal cord is transected .
Alex : Could she survive this ?
The Doctor : If she were immediately rushed to a hospital she could survive but would definitely be a paraplegic . If not she would live for another 20 minutes at most .
Alex : Bleeding to death with a load in your pants , what a way to go .
Case 2 : Red Dead : Redemption
Patient : John Marston
Injury : Being on fire
Alex : this is a good general question because you come across fire in a lot of video games . Here we see a cowboy totally engulfed in flames for a solid seven seconds , what kind of damage are we looking at here ?
The Doctor : How does he put the fire out ?
Alex : Never mind that , your diagnosis , please .
The Doctor : Well there are generalized 3rd degree burns which cause a loss in fluids in the burned areas and infection sets in .
Alex : How painful is being on fire ?
The Doctor : Extremely .
Alex : Though our cowpoke here walks away as if everything is all good , what would actually happen were you go to burning man literally ?
The Doctor : If he did n't go to a hospital he 'll have a slow death , up to ten days , eventually succumbing to infection . If he got to a hospital he 'd need fluids , pain medicine , antibiotics , dressings and then skin grafts once he 's stabilized .
Alex : I 've always wondered , where do skin grafts come from ?
The Doctor : Any unaffected area .
Alex : By the look of it the folks at the hospital would n't have much to work with here .
Case 3 : Mortal Kombat
Patient : Johnny Cage
Injury : Massive testicular trauma , spine and rib injuries
Alex : All the men reading this have just made the same exact face . Dad , give us the play by play on what 's happening to Mr. Cage 's nuts .
The Doctor : A direct hit to the testicles causes bleeding within the testicular capsule , rapidly compressing the testicular tissue resulting in necrosis . A lack of circulation caused by the compression will raise blood pressure , and as blood flow is cut off necrosis sets in .
Alex : Are his testicles destroyed here ?
The Doctor : Of course . But what 's more serious are his spine and rib injuries . Multiple rib fractures , flail chest and pneumothorax . Multiple lumbar spinal fractures with spinal cord injuries would cause paralysis of the lower extremities . Death would be swift , within five minutes , as a result of suffocation .
Alex : Wow , so he would suffocate before he died from his testicles rotting off ? The whole health-bar system is very misleading .
The Doctor : Correct . You see your lungs are like a bellows , they ca n't open and close without the ribs . As they 're all shattered here the lungs have nothing to support them .
Alex : Is there any chance he 'll survive ?
The Doctor : Only if he sustained this injury in a fully equipped , fully staffed operating room .
Case 4 : Dead Space II
Patient : Issac Clarke
Injury : Needle to the eye
Alex : Eye-yi-yi .
The Doctor : Rupture of the eyeball , basal skull fracture , disruption of the circle of Willis leading to massive intracerebral hemorrhage . He would be dead in three minutes .
Alex : Is there no chance he could survive this ?
The Doctor : Not even if this happened in a fully equipped , fully staffed operating room .
Case 5 : Tomb Raider
Patient : Lara Croft
Injury : Penetrating abdominal injury , spine and rib injuries
Alex : I 'm not sure how far that fall is , maybe 30 feet ?
The Doctor : A few inches to the right and this would be much more serious .
Alex : It looks pretty bad .
The Doctor : Oh it is , Laceration of the spleen , perforation of the colon as well as multiple rib , spinal and pelvic fractures as a result of that fall . There 's also high infection risk from introduction of multiple pathologic organisms through the open abdominal wounds .
Alex : I should point out this is only one of many serious injuries she sustains over the course of the game ; this is the very first one . Would she be able to just walk this off ?
The Doctor : Absolutely not . With urgent medical and surgical treatment she 'd have a 70 % chance of survival . Without it I 'd put her chances at 2 %
Alex : There ya have it folks , Tomb Raider would be about five minutes long were it to reflect reality . Good thing it does not .
Thank you for joining us for this educational and disgusting foray into the world of video game injuries . Post in the comments below your favorite video game injuries and maybe the doctor will make another house call .
Representatives Devin Nunez ( R-CA ) and Louie Gohmert ( R-TX ) disagreed on Fox News Sunday afternoon over the wisdom of shutting down the government over ObamaCare , with Nunez arguing that some GOP members had misled the conservative base into thinking ObamaCare could be repealed through funding maneuvers , when such a strategy was never viable .
“ When we first started out on this strategy , I thought it was a big mistake to say that we were going to get rid of ObamaCare , ” Nunez said .
“ I thought we had the moral high ground on the individual mandate , because President Obama put in the employer exemption delay . I think we should have fought on that for three months . Instead , I think we 're giving our base—and I 'm a conservative Republican , just like Louie—the false interpretation that somehow by not funding the government , we 're going to get rid of ObamaCare , and we simply do n't have the votes to do that . ”
“ I do n't think that anybody is mistaken and thinks that we 're going to completely get rid of ObamaCare , ” Gohmert said . “ The second thing we sent down was nothing but a delay for a year…The third thing we sent down was simply to delay for one year the individual mandate , give everybody in America what big business got…But [ Democrats ] are so invested in shutting things down . ”
“ The perception out there is Republicans , even though as Louie said we have sent over small funding appropriation bills , and they wo n't take anything up , ” Nunez said . “ As foolish as I think as some in our party has been on this strategy to shut down the government on the day ObamaCare opens , now we 're getting up to the debt limit . The president is being more foolish , and this could be a situation in which two fools meet and we all get hurt . ”
“ I think it 's tragic you have a United States president who says when a bill is voted by both houses and I sign it and it bears my name , and the Supreme Court does n't overturn it , then it 's the law and we 're not changing it , ” Gohmert said . “ I 've never heard a president say that before . And that 's exactly where the debt ceiling is . Both houses passed it , he signed it into law , it bears his name . So if he 's going to be so recalcitrant , he 's going to find the debt ceiling is exactly as he described it : it 's not going to move if he 's not willing to help us deal with the debt . ”
Watch the full clip below , via Fox News :
[ Image via screengrab ]
——
> > Follow Evan McMurry ( @ evanmcmurry ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Stanford researchers have invented the first lithium-ion battery that shuts itself down upon overheating and restarts when it cools down , according to a Stanford News report . The new development greatly reduces risk due to overheating .
Several techniques have been previously used to address battery overheating , such as adding flame retardants to the electrolyte used in the battery . However , these techniques are all irreversible , so the battery is not functional after reaching a certain temperature .
In order to address this problem , Stanford professor of engineering Zhenan Bao , Stanford engineer Yi Cui and postdoctoral scholar Zheng Chen used tiny nickel particles coated with graphene and embedded in a film of elastic polyethylene . When in contact with one another , these particles conduct electricity . However , upon thermal expansion of the film , the particles spread apart , halting the flow of current .
The threshold for this battery was found to be 160 degrees Fahrenheit ( 70 degrees Celsius ) . Above this temperature , the polyethylene film expanded , causing the nickel particles to separate . When the temperature fell back to 160 degrees Fahrenheit ( 70 degrees Celsius ) , the film shrunk back , causing the battery to generate electricity again .
Furthermore , according to Bao , “ We can even tune the temperature higher or lower depending on how many particles we put in or what type of polymer materials we choose . ”
The material was tested several times by repeatedly applying heat , and it quickly resumed generating electricity when it cooled .
“ Compared with previous approaches , our design provides a reliable , fast , reversible strategy that can achieve both high battery performance and improved safety , ” Cui said . This technology is expected to be highly useful in place of traditional batteries .
Contact Dhaval Gajiwala at gajiwala ‘ at ' stanford.edu .
On April 29 , 2012 , Janet Mock delivered the Lavender Commencement keynote speech at the University of Southern California . The Lavender Commencement ceremony , which has been in place since 1995 , celebrates LGBT students at the university , but has primarily featured lesbian , gay , and bisexual people . This year , for the first time , a trans woman of color was featured as the keynote speaker .
Janet Mock is a transgender woman , advocate , and writer for People.com . In a piece in the May 2011 issue of Marie Claire , Mock discussed her life journey as a trans woman , from her childhood longings to play with dolls and wear women 's clothing , to her sex change operation in Bangkok . But Mock 's focus in her speech was not primarily on her own life , but on the lives of Paige Clay and CeCe McDonald , two trans women of color who suffered for living openly .
Paige Clay 's story is one that has been told all too many times ; the 23-year-old was found murdered in a Chicago alley on April 16th of this year . Though the details behind Clay 's murder remain unclear , many have reason to believe that Clay 's was murdered because she was trans . According to the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs , 44 % of reported hate murders in 2010 were committed against trans women .
CeCe McDonald , on the other hand , did not die for living openly as a trans woman , but , it seems , will be punished for surviving a near hate crime . On June 5 , 2011 , McDonald was verbally and physically attacked by group of racist and transphobic people , including Dean Schmitz . While defending herself , she stabbed and killed Schmitz , which authorities unjustly pursued as a murder trial rather than self-defense .
McDonald recently pled guilty to the charge of second degree manslaughter , which some transgender advocates suggest may have been the better decision for her given the racial bias black transgender people face within the legal system . She will face 41 months in prison . However , McDonald continues to receive support from her community in part due to social media campaigns like # FreeCeCe and Janet Mock 's # GirlsLikeUs on Twitter ,
At her blog , Mock condemns the lack of media coverage of McDonald 's and Clay 's stories , citing race and trans bias as reasons for not covering these stories . Mock writes that “ sadly , the reality is that a black trans woman is not society 's ideal subject. ” The motivation for her Twitter campaign , # GirlsLikeUs , is clear . Girls like McDonald and Clay , girls like Mock , are simply not valued in the prejudiced eye of the media and society .
But Mock does not accept society 's rejection of trans women , emphatically stating in the same post that “ I will never depart from my core belief that CeCe and Paige and thousands of other girls like us matter. ” Her message , in her blog post and in her speech , is that the lives of girls like herself have inherent value that can not be taken away , whether girls like her are harassed , imprisoned , or killed .
In her speech , Mock says that she would never have expected , one year ago , that she 'd be speaking in front of a crowd about her life as a trans woman . But by speaking her experience and living visibly as a trans woman , Mock challenges concepts of womanhood and makes a space in society for herself and girls like her .
Watch Janet Mock deliver her powerful speech to the students at USC :
You can follow Janet Mock by reading her blog at www.janetmock.com and following her @ janetmock and # girlslikeus on Twitter .
True democracy relies on the reliability of the democratic process . The “ Help America Vote Act ” , passed in 2002 , ushered in an era of uncertainty by proliferating the use of electronic voting systems vulnerable to cyber , technical and physical attack . More often than not , electronic voting systems are nothing but bare-bone , decade old computer systems that lack even rudimentary endpoint security . Despite the recurring discussion on electronic voting vulnerabilities that occur every four years , only limited attention is given to the systemic problem undermining American democracy . It 's time for a complete overhaul in the electoral process ' cyber , technical and physical security .
In this analysis , entitled , “ Hacking Elections is Easy ! Part One : Tactics , Techniques , and Procedures ” , the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology provides a detailed analysis of the risks that voting machines and the digital age have introduced into our democratic process which have the potential to impact the integrity of election results . The report discusses :
The shocking ease of hacking all aspects of virtually any voting machine 's “ black box ” technology
The cyber , technical and physical attack methods that could be enlisted by Nation States , Hacktivists and black hat hackers
Social Engineering attack vectors and methods that are so easy , even a novice script kiddie can do it
A few simple tactics that can “ fix ” any local , state or national campaign in just days or even hours
This paper was authored by :
James Scott ( Senior Fellow – Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology )
Drew Spaniel ( Researcher – Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology )
The following experts contributed to this report :
Rob Roy ( Fellow – Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology & Federal CTO , HPE )
Download this paper here : https : //icitech.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/ICIT-Analysis-Hacking-Elections-is-Easy-Part-One.pdf
Underwritten by :
Until now , Dodge has led us to think the upcoming Challenger SRT Demon will be some sort of ultimate street-legal drag racer . Turns out , that was all a ruse . A ploy . A classic Dodge mess-around .
Yep , the latest teaser video and press release explains that the Demon wo n't be exclusively focused on the drag strip . Apparently , it can be good at anything you want it to be . According to the release , the Demon is `` not intended for a road course ; rather , each customer can decide at the time of order , or once they own the car , or even on a moment 's notice that they want their car to favor street performance , drag strip performance or something in between . ''
Literally called the Demon Crate , the box in the teaser below comes with 18 extra parts ( like a Lego set ? ) , including `` Direct Connection Demon Performance Parts , '' your own Demon-badged tool set , spare wheels , and a `` Demon Track Pack System . ''
So there you have it . We 've been bamboozled ! All those hints that the Demon would be a drag racer were only sort of accurate . It 'll be a great drag racer if you want it to be , but it does n't have to be . And it 'll even come with a box of spare parts to help you change things up .
Within five days of announcing its Kickstarter campaign 's first stretch goal , British distributor Anime Limited met its US $ 60,000 target for an English dub of Mai Mai Miracle . As of 11:00 a.m . ET , the campaign has raised over US $ 62,000 , and it will continue to run until March 7 . The company plans to produce an English dub of Sunao Katabuchi and Madhouse 's anime film `` with friends in the USA . '' Anime Limited is soliciting suggestions for who should produce the dub .
The campaign for an English-subtitled release met its original US $ 30,000 goal within a day of opening on Thursday .
Anime Limited describes the story in this 2009 film :
Shinko , is a third grade elementary school student with a magically active imagination . She spends a lot of her time listening to her grandfather 's history lessons , imagining what her town was like 1,000 years earlier . One day , a sad and sombre girl called Kiiko transfers to Shinko 's school from Tokyo . A strong friendship soon grows between the two girls as Shinko helps Kiiko come out of her shell and deal with her loss - all thanks to their adventures , both imagined and real .
Image © 2009 Nobuko Takagi/MAGAZINE HOUSE/ '' MAIMAISHINKO '' film committee
Another day , another peek at season 7 of Mad Men . Like the first images we saw of Don Draper stepping off a plane , or the subsequent shots thoroughly analyzed by EW 's Darren Franich , this photo keeps with the aviation theme . It also indicates that as the '60s are closing out , the gang is getting into the groovy , and they appear to be taking their show on the road . ( To Los Angeles , home of their satellite office ? )
Enough speculating . Behold Stan ( Jay R. Ferguson ) in his fringe jacket ! Michael ( Ben Feldman ) in a bolo tie , which accessorizes nicely with his ‘ stache ! Peggy ( Elisabeth Moss ) giving us the white-glove treatment ! Harry Crane ( Rich Sommer ) putting the ass in ascot ! And Ken ( Aaron Staton ) with seemingly functional eyes and limbs ! It 's all happening !
The first half of Mad Men ‘ s final season debuts April 13 at 10 p.m. on AMC .
Social Register Cover of the 2018 edition Country United States Language English Published May and November Website socialregisteronline.com
The Social Register is a semi-annual publication in the United States that indexes the members of American high society . First published in the 1880s by newspaper columnist Louis Keller , it was later acquired by Malcolm Forbes . Since 2014 , it has been owned by Christopher Wolf .
Long a directory of well-connected , patrician families from the northeast United States , it has , in recent years , diversified both in the geography and ethnicity of those it lists . At the same time , however , its importance as an arbiter of class has waned .
History [ edit ]
Social Register was born out of the Gilded Age . Pictured is the Gilded Age mansion , Thewas born out of the Gilded Age . Pictured is the Gilded Age mansion , Biltmore , in Asheville , North Carolina
In antebellum New York City , the social elite was still a small enough group that no formal method of tracking individuals was necessary . [ 1 ] With the advent of the Gilded Age , however , fashionable ladies began the practice of leaving calling cards at the homes of other notable women whom they visited ; these cards would be cataloged into `` visiting lists '' . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] In 1887 , Louis Keller , a newspaper society columnist and golf promoter , compiled the names of those on the visiting lists of the most prominent New York women into a published volume titled the Social Register . [ 3 ] [ a ] Inclusion in the registry was done under the supervision of an anonymous advisory committee composed of some of those listed . [ 3 ] This first edition of the Social Register listed more than 5,000 people , most of whom were descended from early American settler families . Joseph Pulitzer was the only Jew to be listed , and people from new money were generally not included . [ 3 ] The register , it has been noted , was very much a product of Gilded Age excess . [ 4 ]
By World War I , the Social Register had expanded into a multi-volume annual which included listings of Society members in 26 U.S . cities . [ 3 ] [ 2 ] Following Keller 's death in 1924 , the Social Register passed to several of his heirs . [ 4 ]
A 1973 column in The New York Times about that year 's Social Register observed that – unlike males listed – the volume did not list the universities attended by females , unless they were students : `` The fact that Mazie Cox is a 1967 graduate of Smith is not mentioned , although pains are taken to indicate that she is a member of the Colony Club , the Daughters of the Cincinnati and the Colonial Dames of America . `` [ 5 ] It also noted that married women who chose to retain their maiden names would be listed under the surname of their husband regardless . [ 5 ]
In 1976 , ownership of the Social Register was acquired by Malcolm Forbes and , the following year , he re-consolidated the various city books back into a single volume for the whole of the United States . [ 3 ] A study of the 1988 Social Register found that approximately 10 percent of those listed resided in Manhattan with the Upper East Side zip code of 10021 hosting the greatest concentration of listed persons . [ 6 ]
The Forbes family retained ownership of the Social Register until 2014 , when it was sold to Christopher Wolf , a `` longtime , listed member '' . [ 2 ] [ 7 ]
Significance [ edit ]
Inclusion in the Social Register has historically been limited to members of polite society , members of the American upper class and The Establishment , and/or those of `` old money '' or White Anglo-Saxon Protestant ( WASP ) families , within the Social Register cities . According to McNamee and Miller : `` the acronym WASP ... is exemplified by the Social Register , a list of prominent upper-class families first compiled in 1887 ... There is great continuity across generations among the names included in these volumes . `` [ 8 ] The cities are Newport , Rhode Island , Baltimore , Boston , Chicago , Cleveland , New York , New Jersey , Philadelphia , [ 9 ] Pittsburgh , Portland , Providence , San Francisco , Seattle , St. Louis , and Washington , D.C. , as well as ones for `` Southern Cities '' . [ 10 ] In European countries , similar directories for the perceived upper class , such as Burke 's Peerage and Landed Gentry in the United Kingdom , have been published for centuries .
According to the Robb Report , inclusion in the Social Register `` bespeaks old money , Ivy League , trust funds , privileges of birth , fox hunting , debutante balls , yachting , polo , distinguished forebears , family compounds in the Adirondacks , and a pedigree studded with 19th-century robber barons '' . [ 2 ]
However , while inclusion in the Social Register was once so important for members of Society that , according to Brooke Astor , `` if someone was n't listed , you just did n't know them '' , by the late 1990s its influence had seriously waned . [ 11 ] In 2002 , novelist Tom Wolfe said that he no longer heard regular reference to the Social Register and opined that the `` world of social luster has been so overshadowed by celebrities that it does n't have any kick anymore '' . [ 12 ]
Format [ edit ]
Social Register A page from the 1920 edition of the
Printed editions of the Social Register have traditionally been bound in black with pumpkin lettering . [ 3 ] Each edition includes , in epigram , a quote by Thomas Jefferson :
“ Let us in education dream of an aristocracy of achievement arising out of a democracy of opportunity . [ 2 ] ”
An individual 's listing in the Social Register has generally included contact information , schools attended , and the social and country clubs to which they belong . [ 11 ] Because many of the institutions cited are done so repeatedly , an extensive system of abbreviations is used ; for instance `` P '' stands for Princeton University while `` BtP '' represents the Bath and Tennis Club of Palm Beach , Florida . [ 11 ]
Inclusion and exclusion [ edit ]
Inclusion [ edit ]
Wealth or fame has , traditionally , been insufficient for inclusion in the Social Register ; Kim Kardashian and Gloria Vanderbilt were never listed and Donald Trump , prior to his election as President of the United States , was also not included . [ 7 ] [ 13 ] A 1985 article reported that `` enrollees need plenty of green ( money ) , blue ( blood ) , and lily white '' . [ 13 ]
Listing in the Social Register has typically been through birth ; children born to a person listed in the Social Register are themselves added . Persons have also been permitted to apply for inclusion in the Social Register . Such applications require letters of sponsorship from five persons already listed , followed by vetting from the advisory committee . A spokesman for the Social Register 's then 25-member advisory committee , in 1997 , described the criteria by which a person might be added to the directory . [ 11 ] The committee , he said , asked themselves `` would one want to have dinner with this person on a regular basis '' ? [ 11 ]
The President of the United States and Vice-President of the United States are , by custom , always added . [ 14 ]
Exclusion [ edit ]
Reasons for removal from the Social Register have traditionally been opaque . [ 15 ] In the early 20th century , historian Dixon Wecter observed that those excluded tended to be persons unfavorably reported upon in the press and that , as long as one 's private life `` keeps out of the [ newspaper 's ] columns '' the risk of exclusion was low . [ 16 ]
A Social Register spokesman reported , in 1985 , that elderly persons who failed to remit the questionnaire sent to listed persons by the register for eleven consecutive years were removed . In addition , someone who married a person who was not , themselves , listed in the Social Register might have been dropped . [ 17 ]
As of 1988 , about 35,000 individuals were included in the Social Register . [ 3 ] By 2014 , this number was reported to be approximately 25,000 . [ 2 ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The 1934 film Social Register presented a fictitious look at the lives of persons on the Social Register .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Social Register , published by Keller for [ 4 ] , published by Keller for Newport , Rhode Island , preceded the New York edition by one year .
References [ edit ]
Primary sources [ edit ]
This week , The New Yorker is announcing the longlists for the National Book Awards . Previously , we presented the contenders in the categories of Young People 's Literature , Poetry , and Nonfiction .
Two of the novels on this year 's fiction longlist are débuts : “ The Turner House , ” by Angela Flournoy , follows a black family living in Detroit during the city 's economic collapse , and “ Did You Ever Have a Family , ” by the literary agent and memoirist Bill Clegg , is about a peripatetic woman who has suffered a terrible personal tragedy . Three of the books are second novels : T. Geronimo Johnson 's “ Welcome to Braggsville , ” a comic tale about four U.C . Berkeley students who plot a protest against a Civil War reënactment in a segregated Southern town ; Nell Zink 's “ Mislaid , ” the follow-up to her acclaimed “ The Wallcreeper ” ( Kathryn Schulz wrote about Zink 's improbable literary fame for The New Yorker in May ) ; and Hanya Yanagihara 's “ A Little Life , ” which Jon Michaud described as a “ big-city bildungsroman ” that becomes “ an unsettling meditation on sexual abuse , suffering , and the difficulties of recovery . ”
There are also three collections of short stories : “ Refund , ” by Karen E. Bender , which is organized around the subject of money ; “ Fortune Smiles , ” by Adam Johnson , author of the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel “ The Orphan Master 's Son , ” which was reviewed in the magazine in 2012 ; and “ Honeydew , ” by the “ fabulist in realist 's clothing ” Edith Pearlman , a book that James Wood reviewed in February . Also on the list is Jesse Ball 's new novel “ A Cure for Suicide. ” ( You can read Wood 's review of Ball 's metafictional thriller “ Silence Once Begun , ” which he praised for its haunting use of silence . ) Finally , “ Fates and Furies ” is a portrait of a marriage by Lauren Groff , who has contributed fiction to the The New Yorker since 2011 .
The full list is below .
* * Jesse Ball , “ A Cure for Suicide ”
* * Pantheon Books/Penguin Random House
* * Bill Clegg , “ Did You Ever Have a Family ”
* * Scout Press/Simon & Schuster
* * Karen E. Bender , “ Refund ”
* * Soft Skull/Counterpoint Press
* * Angela Flournoy , “ The Turner House ”
* * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
* * Lauren Groff , “ Fates and Furies ”
* * Riverhead Books/Penguin Random House
* * Adam Johnson , “ Fortune Smiles ”
* * Random House/Penguin Random House
* * T. Geronimo Johnson , “ Welcome to Braggsville ”
* * William Morrow/HarperCollins
* * Edith Pearlman , “ Honeydew ”
* * Little , Brown/Hachette Book Group
* * Hanya Yanagihara , “ A Little Life ”
* * Doubleday/Penguin Random House
* * Nell Zink , “ Mislaid ”
* * The Ecco Press/HarperCollins
The judges for this year 's Fiction category are the novelist and journalist Daniel Alarcón ; the author and English professor Jeffery Renard Allen ; Sarah Bagby , the owner of Watermark Books & Café , in Wichita , Kansas ; Laura Lippman , the author of more than twenty works of crime fiction ; and David L. Ulin , the book critic of the Los Angeles Times .
National Book Awards finalists will be announced on October 14th , and winners will be announced at a ceremony in New York on November 18th .
VANCOUVER – Travis Lane has been growing marijuana since high school , when his first pot plant swiftly withered and died in his bedroom closet . By the time he was 20 , he had cultivated a small basement grow-operation .
Now in his mid-thirties , Lane owns an online dispensary and runs two 390-plant operations on Vancouver Island . He employs two growers and raises his plants without pesticides or liquid fertilizer .
“ I do n't want to hide what I do . I 'm good at what I do . I 'm proud of being good at what I do , ” he said . “ I 've been proactive my whole life in trying to move towards a time where I can openly be a cannabis professional . ”
Lane holds two Health Canada licences for the growth sites , making his pot production legal for medical purposes . But with the federal Liberals committed to legalizing cannabis for recreational use , Lane is among the smaller-scale growers fighting for a seat at the table .
Legalized marijuana : Capitalizing on cannabis or profiting from potheads ?
The government is still in the early stages of developing the legislation it plans to introduce next spring . Those behind a budding “ craft cannabis ” movement warn , however , that if the law favours large-scale commercial producers , then jobs and potential tourism revenues will be lost and the black market will continue to thrive .
“ It 's going to be the National Energy Program all over again , but instead of Alberta and oil , it 's going to be B.C . and cannabis , ” said Ian Dawkins of the Cannabis Growers of Canada , referring to the 1980 policy that infuriated Albertans when the federal government tried to gain more control over the oil industry .
“ You 're talking about economic activity that has sustained communities that have been devastated by the loss of primary industries . ”
His group , a national trade association representing small and medium-sized pot growers and vendors , recently commissioned a report on B.C . 's cannabis industry . Economist Larissa Flister used Colorado , a similarly-sized state with legal pot , as a proxy to estimate that about 13,700 people have marijuana-related jobs in B.C .
City of Vancouver taking pot shops to court
It 's a rough figure that 's impossible to verify due to the illegality of the jobs , but several estimates have pegged the value of B.C . 's pot industry at between $ 2 billion and $ 7 billion .
Advocates say they are fighting to ensure that legalization actually recognizes those workers , rather than pushing them further underground .
Dawkins pointed to the federal Liberals ' cautious tone , and intense lobbying by large licensed producers , pharmacies and liquor stores , as signs the government could be headed towards a strict regime without space for smaller growers or dispensaries .
“ If you 're selling cannabis in a liquor store , in this tightly-controlled regulatory environment , you 're not creating tourism . There was no winery tourism in B.C . until they began to de-regulate the winery sector and allow for all these wineries to pop up in the Okanagan , ” he said .
“ Cannabis is no different . No one is going to fly to Vancouver to go to a pharmacy and buy the Budweiser of joints . ”
The Southern Interior community of Nelson has put forward a resolution asking the Union of B.C . Municipalities to lobby the federal government to share tax revenue from legal marijuana with provinces and cities .
Teresa Taylor , a founding director of the Craft Cannabis Association of B.C. , warned that if an “ elitist ” legal system is created , the black market will flourish . She said craft cannabis growers are “ ma and pa ” farmers who care about producing a high-quality product .
“ In order for us to continue to have strong local economies , the legislative model needs to include that level of production . I think it would be akin to losing something like the forestry industry or mining or fisheries , ” she said .
“ We depend on this . We need it to stay in place , and not only that , but we need it to be recognized as a valuable and noble agricultural profession . ”
Vancouver lawyer John Conroy said he believes the Liberals are open to allowing craft growers .
Does there need to be a potency limit for legal pot ?
He said Canadians have already proven they dislike a system that limits marijuana sales to big companies . In February , Conroy won a constitutional challenge of 2013 legislation that required medical cannabis patients to buy from large licensed producers .
Before the 2013 law , patients could obtain Health Canada licences to grow their own marijuana . A court injunction has kept the old program alive for about 28,000 people , including Lane .
The Liberals are expected to amend the law to allow for both systems to co-exist by late August .
“ People have already shown that the licensed-producer process is not working , and voted with their feet , creating the demand for the dispensaries , ” said Conroy . “ That 'll happen again , if the government does n't provide reasonable access . ”
It 's a project that has been in the works for over a decade , but work on the TTC 's Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension ( TYSSE ) is entering the final-year countdown as the transit agency aims to finish the $ 3.18-billion project by the end of 2017 .
Global News recently got a tour of Pioneer Village station , one of six new stations to open on Line 1 . We got an inside look at the TYSSE 's progress with Joanna Kervin , the project 's director of third party , planning and property , before subways start going to Vaughan from Downsview station ( to be renamed Sheppard West station once the extension opens ) .
“ One of the things passengers will notice when they 're using this extension is how seamlessly the connections between different transit services are provided , ” Kervin said .
READ MORE : $ 150M needed to finish delayed Spadina subway extension by end of 2017
But the journey to opening the subway extension and creating those new , seamless transit connections has n't been an easy one .
TTC staff and contractors have been working in overdrive since a project reset back in March 2015 . The TYSSE was two years behind schedule at that point and it needed an extra $ 150 million to get the job done .
The board approved recommendations from TTC CEO Andy Byford and since then , staff have been working feverishly to identify critical milestones and shuffle contractors ' work schedules around in order to meet the revised goal of opening the subway extension by Dec. 31 , 2017 .
Kervin said substantial progress has been made over the past few years with the assistance of hundreds of construction staff . Two stations are 95 and 98 per cent complete and the remaining stations are 87 to 95 per cent complete .
Downsview Park station is the closest to being finished , while York University station still has the most work to be done . She said tunneling and track installation has been completed , electrical power has been mostly installed and signalling , communication and utility cable work is continuing .
The next critical milestone for the project comes is scheduled for the end of March . That 's when crews turn on traction power to the rails , which will allow trains to enter the tunnels and for staff to test all of the systems .
READ MORE : Track work complete on Yonge-Spadina subway extension
In addition to intensive testing , Kervin said thousands of equipment safety certificates need to be issued and emergency personnel crews in York Region need to be trained on how to respond to incidents in the subway system .
Meanwhile at Pioneer Village station , located on Steeles Avenue West near Jane Street on the north side of York University , commuters will notice the rust-coloured weathering steel metal panels on the station 's façades – a colour theme that carries through the terrazzo flooring , TTC bus terminal ceiling panels and landscaping .
Each of the stations has its own unique design , but high ceilings , large windows and natural light are prevalent at Pioneer Village station and other TYSSE stations .
WATCH : TTC previews new Downsview Park subway station ( Jan. 23 , 2017 )
There are classic TTC features , as well .
“ At the end of the day though , a lot of the elements that are in the stations like the terrazzo flooring , the cladding for escalators , the ceilings and the finishes at the platform level , those are actually standard TTC features , ” Kervin said , adding commuters will see natural sunlight on the concourse level .
Some of the other amenities include 2,900 combined parking spaces at Finch West , Pioneer Village and Highway 407 stations , as well as bicycle facilities .
Once completed , she said 80 million people will ride on the 8.6-kilometre subway extension annually . Kervin said it should take around 17 minutes to travel the length of the extension and 42 minutes to travel between Union Station and Vaughan Metropolitan Centre .
WATCH : Yonge-York-Spadina subway extension makes progress ( June 6 )
Black Mirror is a British television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker that features speculative fiction with dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies . The show was first broadcast on the British Channel 4 , in 2011 . In September 2015 , Netflix commissioned a third season of 12 episodes . The commissioned episodes were later divided into two seasons of six episodes ; the third season was released on Netflix worldwide on 21 October 2016 .
You need to see it .
The third episode from the first season depicts in a perfect way how vile and manipulative women really are . How they lie and – when caught on lying on the spot – lie even more . Every MGTOW/The Red Pill aware man NEEDS to see this episode . RIGHT NOW .
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Entire_History_of_You Text version
https : //www.rottentomatoes.com/tv/black_mirror/s01 Black Mirror on Rotten Tomatoes
Here is the full episode .
Well done goes to the screenwriters for capturing how a woman brain works . I was watching this episode with my female friend and she literally went mad . Her mood just plummeted down . For no reason . Ha ! I feel pity for them . To have this huge pussy leverage over us , lie and manipulate all the fucking time and still be always unhappy… it must be really sad . Or maybe unhappiness is the result of living like that ? With no empathy , no morals and being unable to really love the opposite gender… plus being undeveloped ? They mature faster than men , yes . But then , when they are around 20yo , they stop maturing at all . Men mature through their entire life . Women feel bigger spectrum of emotions , but they feel them with less intensity and deepness than men .
Advertisements
Squad stands to attention with lowly “ green shirts ” sent to the back of the line
Steve Watson ,
Prisonplanet.com
Wednesday , Dec 8 , 2009
In the wake of reports that Explorer Scouts are being “ trained in post-9/11 law enforcement methods “ , a group of youngsters has been captured on video working in tandem with police in St. Petersburg , Florida , at a christmas fair .
We Are Change activists spotted the group roaming the streets during the parade , clearly wearing clothing adorned with police insignia .
When the group were asked what they were doing at the parade , the lead scout became extremely secretive about their association with the local police department and attempted to hide their badges and jackets .
The group described themselves as “ very similar ” to academy police , and told the activists that they were “ looking for lost kids ” .
“ We are affiliated with them but we do not have the powers of police… we are a part of the department I guess. ” the leader of the group told We Are Change , adding that they routinely ride along with officers on active duty .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The young girl seemed to back track after continued questioning , later stating “ it is a volunteer organisation , it has nothing to do with the police . ”
However , the squad of 14-19 year olds stood to attention , military style , when a police officer arrived on the scene , with lowly “ green shirts ” ordered to take the back of the line .
“ If we went into Martial law or a state of emergency , they 're here to protect everyone else. ” one of the other members of the group said when asked why he wanted to be affiliated with the police .
When asked if they had heard of the Hitler Youth , the at-first voluntary but later mandatory youth corps brigade that succeeded the Boy Scout movement In Nazi Germany , the scouts replied that they had .
Police officers in St. Petersburg refused to answer questions regarding the squad of scouts .
Watch the video :
This activity dovetails with several recent reports detailing how the Department of Homeland Security is actively enlisting both the Explorer Scouts and the Girl Scouts .
Programs being run by the DHS are training Scouts how to conduct armed raids on discontented American citizens , described as “ terrorists ” and “ drug dealers ” by Homeland Security .
One of the “ terrorists ” that the Boy Scouts were trained to kill in one scenario , according to the New York Times report on the story , was actually a disgruntled U.S. war veteran .
In the mock training scenario , the Boy Scouts were ordered to , “ Put him on his face and put a knee in his back , ” by a Border Patrol agent , who added “ I guarantee that he 'll shut up . ”
We have also received reports detailing how the police and even the military are engaging with Scouts at jamboree events where they demonstrate “ chase and takedown ” scenarios along with mock SWAT raids .
At one event in Wisconsin , the National Guard unveiled a combat simulator and invited Scouts to ride through the streets of Baghdad and try to differentiate citizens from terrorists , saving the former and executing the latter .
Seeing the Scouts in tandem with police will also increase concerns that President Barack Obama 's promised “ national civilian security force ” is gradually being formed from such groups .
This article was posted : Tuesday , December 8 , 2009 at 11:02 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The Intercept is reporting that , on Trump 's orders , Mike Pompeo met with Bill Binney on October 24 to understand his theory arguing that the DNC hack was in fact a leak .
In an interview with The Intercept , Binney said Pompeo told him that President Donald Trump had urged the CIA director to meet with Binney to discuss his assessment that the DNC data theft was an inside job . During their hour-long meeting at CIA headquarters , Pompeo said Trump told him that if Pompeo “ want [ ed ] to know the facts , he should talk to me , ” Binney said . [ snip ] Binney said that Pompeo asked whether he would be willing to meet with NSA and FBI officials to further discuss his analysis of the DNC data theft . Binney agreed and said Pompeo said he would contact him when he had arranged the meetings .
I 've got a few comments about this .
First , I 'm particularly intrigued in the timing . on Twitter , Jim Sciutto said Trump had been pushing for Pompeo to meet with Binney for several weeks .
Pompeo took the meeting at the urging of President Trump over weeks . Pompeo told Binney : “ The president told me I should talk to you ”
I 've been told the meeting was set up by October 14 , which means Trump has been pushing for this meeting for over a month . That dates it to around the same time as reports that Chief of Staff John Kelly was preventing Dana Rohrabacher from meeting Trump to pass on Julian Assange 's claims explaining how the emails he received did n't come from Russia , though that scheme went back further , to mid-August .
Effectively , though , that means Trump has been trying to find some way to magnify theories that argue culprits besides Russia did the hack . The guy who begged Russia to hack Hillary 's emails in the middle of last summer is looking for some alternative narrative to push , and it 's not clear whether he cares what that narrative is .
Though , as I noted in my post on these theories , now that we know the files Guccifer 2.0 leaked were from Podesta and as-yet unidentified sources , it makes all the arguments focusing on Guccifer beside the point ( and disrupts Craig Murray 's claims ) .
On top of a lot of other implications of this , it shifts the entire debate about whether Guccifer 2.0 was WikiLeaks ' source , which has always focused on whether the documents leaked on July 22 came from Guccifer 2.0 . Regardless of what you might conclude about that , it shifts the question to whether the Podesta emails WikiLeaks posted came from Guccifer 2.0 , because those are the ones where there 's clear overlap . Russia 's role in hacking Podesta has always been easier to show than its role in hacking the DNC . It also shifts the focus away from whether FBI obtained enough details from the DNC server via the forensic image it received from Crowdstrike to adequately assess the culprit . Both the DNC and Hillary ( as well as the DCCC ) servers are important . Though those that squawk about this always seem to miss that FBI , via FireEye , disagreed with Crowdstrike on a key point : the degree to which the two separate sets of hackers coordinated in targeted servers ; I 've been told by someone with independent knowledge that the FBI read is the correct one , so FBI certainly did their own assessment of the forensics and may have obtained more accurate results than Crowdstrike ( I 've noted elsewhere that public IC statements make it clear that not all public reports on the Russian hacks are correct ) . In other words , given that the files that Guccifer 2.0 first leaked actually preempted WikiLeaks ' release of those files by four months , what you 'd need to show about the DNC file leaks is something entirely different than what has been shown .
Binney and the other skeptics are n't even arguing the right issue anymore .
Moreover , there 's a newly public detail that may moot two key strands of the argument . Last week the WSJ ( here 's the Reuters version ) reported that DOJ is thinking of charging 6 Russian officials in the hack of the DNC . I get it . People are skeptical that the FBI has any better data than the NSA ( though I know others , outside of the FBI , believe they 've pinpointed hackers by name ) . But as part of that story , they described the four districts where the investigation into the hack ( as distinct from Mueller 's investigation into the election tampering ) live .
The U.S. Justice Department has gathered enough evidence to charge six members of the Russian government in the hacking of Democratic National Committee computers before the 2016 U.S. presidential election , the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday , citing people familiar with the investigation . Federal agents and prosecutors in Washington , Philadelphia , Pittsburgh and San Francisco have been cooperating on the DNC investigation and prosecutors could bring the case to court next year , it said . [ snip ] The hacking investigation , conducted by cybersecurity experts , predates the appointment in May of federal special counsel Robert Mueller to oversee the probe of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion with President Donald Trump 's campaign . Mueller and the Justice Department agreed to allow the technical cyber investigation to continue under the original team of agents and prosecutors , the Journal said .
I 'm not sure the report is 100 % accurate ; for example , I know of a non-political witness in the election-related hack being interviewed by Mueller 's people .
But it includes a little-noticed detail that I know to be accurate — and important to rebut the claim that the copying speed claimed by Forensicator requires a conclusion incompatible with Russia carrying out the hack . Part of the investigation is in Philadelphia .
When Reuters first reported a tripartite structure of the investigation in February , it included San Francisco ( the Guccifer 2.0 investigation ) , Pittsburgh ( the Russian side , probably focused on known APTs ) , and DC ( the counterintelligence side — though that would significantly be Mueller 's investigation ) .
Philadelphia was not included . I only know a bit about the Philadelphia side of the investigation , but I do know that part of the investigation is located there because of a server in the district . So one way or another , we know that the FBI is conducting an investigation in an Eastern city as part of the hacking investigation based on the use of a server in the district . That does n't necessarily mean they 're investigating Russians . But it means even if you account for a server in the eastern time zone , you still have FBI preparing to charge Russians for the hack .
Which brings us to the last line of the Intercept article .
Binney said that since their meeting , he has not heard from Pompeo about scheduling follow-up meetings with the NSA and FBI .
Granted , it has only been two weeks . But in that time , not even Pompeo 's prodding has made the FBI ( more likely ) or the NSA ( which still has bad blood with Binney ) remotely curious about these theories .
Biden praises plan to revamp 'Third World ' LaGuardia Airport
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Two years after likening LaGuardia Airport to a `` Third World country , '' Vice President Joe Biden commended a $ 4 billion redevelopment project for it at a groundbreaking ceremony on Tuesday .
Biden joined Gov . Andrew Cuomo to announce the overhaul of the aging and cramped facility .
The plan calls for the remaking of the airport 's footprint and a new 1.3 million-square-foot , 35-gate central terminal , which officials said should be completed by the end of 2021 . There are also plans for ferry access and rail service that would connect to the Long Island Rail Road , the nation 's busiest commuter rail system . More than two-thirds of the overall cost will be paid by private financing and passenger fees , officials said .
`` This is not going to just be a rebuilding of what it was , this is going to be a whole new airport , '' Cuomo said . `` We 're not just building an airport , we 're building an airport that 's part of a new vision that revitalizes New York . ''
Since Biden 's unflattering remarks about LaGuardia in 2014 , he and Cuomo have provided numerous updates on improvements being planned there .
`` When he said , and we kid him about it , that if you landed in LGA and you were blindfolded and they took off the blindfold you 'd think you 'd be in a Third World country , it was his way of saying the king has no clothes , and he was right , '' Cuomo said of his fellow Democratic politician . `` I 'm proud to be the governor who heeded his words and stepped up to the plate , because he was right . ''
Biden said he `` was n't so sure when I said that that people would be clapping . '' He commended Cuomo for taking action and said other governors should be following suit to improve infrastructure .
`` The greatest city in the world — and New York is , it 's not hyperbole — needs and deserves the greatest infrastructure in the world , '' he said , noting that the United States ranks only 26th in the world in its infrastructure .
Cuomo and state officials also held a ceremonial groundbreaking Tuesday afternoon .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1tqsPZ3
Infowars
A man based in Scotland has revealed to BuzzFeed News how he tricked the right-wing conspiracy site Infowars into publishing a completely fake report about president-elect Donald Trump . Markus Muir , a 27-year-old marketing professional from Glasgow , sent direct messages on Twitter to Infowars editor-at-large Paul Joseph Watson claiming BuzzFeed News and CNN were due to release harmful footage of Trump . The report , which has now been shared over 15,000 times on Facebook , directly quoted the messages , which claimed the footage of Trump showed him using the n-word in a previously unseen outtake of The Apprentice . Muir , who claimed in the messages to work for NBC , has revealed he was the single source for the report in the form of an account which he set up solely for the prank . He said Watson did not ask for any evidence that he worked for NBC or about how he gained the information . It was not until after the Infowars report was published that Muir contacted BuzzFeed News in New York and revealed his role in it . To verify his claims and view his messages with Watson , a reporter then met Muir in person in Scotland . `` I said I worked at NBC and could n't say any more , '' said Muir . `` It was only two direct messages and I thought he might ask for more confirmation . I went to bed , forgot about it , then I checked his feed on the train to work and it was just him saying there was huge news about to come out .
`` I could n't believe it . It was a cut-and-paste job of what I said to him and it was all bullshit – I made it all up . ''
Twitter / BuzzFeed News
Infowars are created by right-wing radio host Alex Jones , who has been described as `` America 's leading conspiracy theorist '' . Jones believes the US government was behind the 9/11 attacks and the Oklahoma City bombing , and described the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting , in which 20 children and six staff members were killed , as `` completely fake '' . The site was strongly pro-Trump during the US election and frequently denounced Hillary Clinton . In the message exchange with Muir , Watson pledged that Jones would pass on the information to `` Steve B '' or Steve Bannon , the former executive of Breitbart News who has been appointed Trump 's chief of strategy .
Muir said he watched in astonishment as the news spread on right-wing news outlets and social media profiles , sometimes with other false information – such as that it proves CNN owns BuzzFeed – added to his original lie . The 27-year-old is a former journalism student who became interested in fake news during the US election and wanted to see how it was generated , and he spotted that Watson was directly contactable via Twitter . `` I was watching a CNN discussion on fake news and I got interested in it . That guy [ Watson ] was retweeted into my timeline , some horrible thing he posted about mental health , and I saw his profile had direct messages open , '' Muir told BuzzFeed News . `` I wondered how fake news starts so I quickly set up a fake account , did n't bother following anyone , used a stupid picture of a bad guy from a film ... and sent him a message . I did n't think he 'd get back to me , because it was ludicrous . ''
Twitter / BuzzFeed News
Protest held as investigation continues into deputy 's deadly shooting of Harnett County dad Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved 33-year-old John Livingston ( right ) in a photo with family members . Photo supplied by family to WNCN [ + - ] Video
WNCN - LILLINGTON , N.C. ( WNCN ) -- Almost three months later , there is still no answer if a Harnett County Sheriff 's deputy will be charged after killing a father of three .
Supporters of John David Livingston , who was shot several times , rallied outside the Harnett County Courthouse on Tuesday demanding justice .
The 33-year-old carpenter was shot and killed by Harnett County Sheriff Deputy Nicholas Kehagais in the early morning hours of November 15 .
Livingston was unarmed when the shooting happened - after two deputies showed up at his home looking for an assault suspect who did not live there .
Harnett County District Attorney Vernon Stewart says he 's awaiting information from the Medical Examiner to determine if Kehagais will be charged .
`` Vernon ( Stewart ) refers me back to SBI , the SBI nothing , they have n't called my client , they have n't called me , they have n't done anything , the only thing they did was my client got a EMT bill and hospital bill , '' said Jesse Jones , the Livingston family attorney .
During the rally on Tuesday , at least one sign held by protesters said : `` Why wait for autopsy report ? We know how he died ! ''
An affidavit said Livingston made contact early Nov. 15 with deputy Kehagais in front of the residence near the intersection of Stage Road and W. Everett Drive as deputy John Werbelow went around back .
Kehagais asked Livingston for permission to search the residence for the suspects .
Livingston tried to slam the door shut while the deputy was still in the doorway , hitting Kehagais ' foot , according to documents .
Kehagais attempted to arrest Livingston but he became `` combative '' and a struggle ensued , documents showed .
Kehagais took Livingston to the ground and used a stun gun on him but it was ineffective .
An affidavit shows Livingston then used Kehagais ' stun gun against the deputy in the abdomen .
Livingston was then shot and died on the porch of his home around 4 a.m .
The SBI has been investigating the incident and will submit their report to Stewart in the coming weeks .
Related stories
More than 150 celebrate life of Harnett Co. dad killed by deputy
Son of NC man shot by Harnett Co. deputy calls dad his 'best friend '
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Oct. 17 , 2013 , 9:12 PM GMT By Mike Wall
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope took this photo of Comet ISON on Oct. 9 , when the comet was inside Mars ' orbit and about 177 million miles from Earth . The nucleus of ISON appears to be intact . NASA / ESA / STScI / AURA
Skywatchers take heart : The potentially brilliant Comet ISON appears to be holding together thus far on its perilous journey around the sun .
Some astronomers have predicted that Comet ISON will break apart before its Nov. 28 close solar approach , when the icy wanderer will skim just 730,000 miles ( 1.2 million kilometers ) above the surface of the sun . But a new photo from NASA 's iconic Hubble Space Telescope suggests that ISON remains intact for now .
`` In this NASA Hubble Space Telescope image taken on Oct. 9 , the comet 's solid nucleus is unresolved because it is so small . If the nucleus broke apart then Hubble would have likely seen evidence for multiples fragments , '' officials with the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , which operates Hubble , wrote in a statement Thursday . [ Comet ISON : 8 Things to Know ]
`` Moreover , the coma or head surrounding the comet 's nucleus is symmetric and smooth , '' they added . `` This would probably not be the case if clusters of smaller fragments were flying along . What 's more , a polar jet of dust first seen in Hubble images taken in April is no longer visible and may have turned off . ''
Comet ISON was within the orbit of Mars and about 177 million miles ( 285 million km ) from Earth when the new photograph was taken , officials said .
ISON , which was discovered by two Russian amateur astronomers in September 2012 , apparently is making its first trip to the inner solar system from the distant , frigid comet repository known as the Oort Cloud .
If the comet survives its close solar encounter next month , it could put on a great show for skywatchers in early December , experts say . Astronomers are also rooting for the comet 's survival . They hope to learn a great deal about its composition by noting which gases boil off ISON as it gets closer and closer to the sun .
In fact , researchers have organized a global Comet ISON observation campaign , enlisting a number of instruments on the ground and in space to track the icy body 's progress . Many of these observations are planned for after the comet 's close solar approach , when it will be easier to see from Earth .
Nobody knows how Comet ISON will fare , of course . It 's difficult to predict the behavior of any comet , and especially tough to do so for `` dynamically new '' objects such as ISON that have never approached the sun closely before .
Nonetheless , some scientists have expressed optimism about ISON 's chances . With a nucleus estimated to be between 0.12 miles and 1.2 miles across ( 0.2 to 2 km ) , the comet appears to be big enough to avoid destruction by the sun 's heat , a recent study reported . And as long as ISON is a `` typical '' comet in terms of density and spin characteristics , it should resist breakup by our star 's gravitational pull as well , some researchers say .
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @ michaeldwall and Google+ . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com .
The first conference of the Society of Catholic Scientists will focus on beginnings : The origin of consciousness , the origin of human language , the origin of the cosmos , and the origin of living things .
“ Might there be other planets that harbor life – perhaps one of the recently discovered earth-like ‘ exoplanets ' ? Might there even be other universes ? ” reads an April 18 announcement of the event .
Almost 100 attendees are expected at the society 's inaugural conference to be held April 21-23 at Chicago 's Knickerbocker Hotel .
The society , founded in mid-2016 , aims “ to witness to the harmony between the vocation of the scientist and the life of faith. ” It works to help foster fellowship among Catholic scientists and to provide a resource and discussion forum for those with questions about science and faith , while also adhering to Catholic teaching .
RELATED : Could Catholicism handle the discovery of extraterrestrial life ?
Marissa March , a physicist and researcher from the University of Pennsylvania , will speak to the conference on the topic “ The Catholic Scientist in the Secular World : What is the meaning of our vocation and how does it distinguish us ? ”
For his part , Father Joachim Ostermann , O.F.M. , a Canadian Franciscan who has served as a biochemistry professor , will speak about science in light of the Christian view of the human person .
Other conference speakers include Catholics like Vatican Observatory director Brother Guy Consolmagno , S.J . ; Karin Öberg , an astronomy professor at Harvard University ; and Kenneth R. Miller , a biology professor at Brown University .
Non-Catholic speakers include Robert C. Berwick , a computer science professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; and John D. Barrow , a theoretical physicist at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom .
Barrow will discuss his views on the origin and evolution of universes , while Berwick will speak on the ideas he and Prof. Noam Chomsky have developed on the beginnings of human language and why they think no other animals have anything like human language .
Besides lectures , there will be meals , social occasions , and a membership meeting at the conference .
The Society of Catholic Scientists has several hundred members . These include top researchers in such fields as astrobiology , evolutionary theory , and super-string theory .
Members include American Catholic scientists as well as undergraduate , graduate , and postdoctoral students pursuing research in a natural science . The society 's president is Stephen M. Barr , a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Delaware . Its episcopal adviser is Archbishop Charles Chaput of Philadelphia .
The society held its first-ever Gold Mass at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's chapel on November 15 . It chose the term “ Gold Mass ” because it is the color of the hoods worn by those graduating with a doctorate in science and because St. Albert the Great , a medieval philosopher with a strong interest in natural sciences , was an alchemist who worked to turn base metals into gold .
That Mass followed the tradition of Masses for other professions , such as Red Masses for lawyers , White Masses for medical professionals , and Blue Masses for police officers .
Marcus Messer , the lead character of Indignation , the new film adaptation of the Philip Roth novel from writer/director James Schamus , is a young man out of time . Polite , charming in his own way and a dedicated straight A student coddled by his overprotective Jewish parents , Marcus is sent to college in Ohio as a means to avoid being drafted into the Korean War , a conflict that has claimed the lives of many of his peers and cousins in his neighborhood . Marcus is too good a boy to go to war , too bright with too much potential to risk dying before he reaches his twenties . His life in Newark , New Jersey in 1951 is one defined by obedience and repression , with Marcus working alongside his father in a kosher butcherie , counting the days until he escapes the influence of his increasingly paranoid and overbearing father , a man deeply wounded by watching the sons of friends and acquaintances buried by their grieving parents . It is a cancerous environment for Marcus , making his move to the secluded Winesburg College an opportunity to start his life anew .
Things should be taking a turn for the better for young Mr. Messer ( Logan Lerman ) , but the realities of Winesburg prove just as challenging as his deflating home life . Assigned to a triple with two upperclassmen ( Ben Rosenfeld and Philip Ettinger ) , the only other Jews living on campus not part of the Jewish fraternity , Marcus bristles as the expectation for all students to attend chapel services overseen by Dean Caudwell ( Tracy Letts ) in order to graduate . Beneath the surface of this sheltered boy beats the heart of a fierce intellectual , an atheist living in a time fearful of Godless Communists liberated by his newfound freedom away from home and unafraid to speak his mind inside the classroom and out . He is , however , still warring with the social repression instilled in him his whole life of valuing studies over all else , and when a brash and alluring young woman named Olivia ( Sarah Gadon ) catches his eye and shows an interest in him far exceeding the levels of decorum to which he is accustomed , his life is thrown into further turmoil . Marcus simply can not find a foothold in the early 1950s .
It is clearly a frustrating experience for Marcus , a society seemingly designed to stymie him at every turn , his only escape from dying alone in Korea lying in an oppressive higher learning institution far more interested in controlling the impropriety of its students than teaching them . Thus the title of the film is brought into sharp relief . Marcus has spent his life beset upon by authority , and a person can only take so much before he breaks or fights back . This tendency plays out in a show stopping confrontation with Dean Caudwell in the second act , a argument as chess game between two decidedly stubborn belligerents with the conviction of belief on their sides . Lerman and Letts are a delight to watch here , with Lerman embracing the titular indignation expertly to counteract Letts ' pitch perfect insidious puritanical moral superiority . It crackles with potential energy , Lerman 's seething anger pitched against Letts ' holier-than-thou smarm . The script takes the spotlight here , wasting nary a word , using their opinions on mathematician/philosopher Bertrand Russell underwrite how they see the world ( Marcus focuses on his beliefs , the Dean on his multiple spouses ) . The acidity with which Marcus calls him sir is icing on the cake .
And just as well as Marcus ' arguments with Dean Caudwell serve to inform the whole of his battles with societal oppression in the face of burgeoning intellectualism , his relationship with Olivia sets up a glass to his fractured family life . The way he blusters at the forward nature of her advances seems so counter to his progressive religious and academic ideals , an ambivalence that clearly weighs on him despite his best efforts . This aspect of Marcus ' life leans heavily on Olivia , and by extension Sarah Gadon , to delicately mine its complexity . Gadon has a difficult task , faced with slowly revealing her tragic background in a way that can not feel manipulative or manufactured , internalizing it into her character 's personality . Too much tragedy and she would become a caricature , too little and the revelations about her past would feel hollow . Gadon is equal to her assignment ; her character arc feels natural and not purely plot motivated . Their romance is thorny and multifaceted , a deep well of intrigue and a wonderful facet of Marcus ' story . Some might consider his romance with Olivia the dominant half of the film . Others could look to his clashes with the establishment and Dean Caudwell . The beauty of Indignation is they 're both right .
There are times Schamus ' script feels a bit too accelerated , with some of Marcus ' traits seeming to appear out of thin air . His relationship with his father gets a bit of a short shrift ( an aspect of the story that gets more of a spotlight in the novel ) ; the content is there , but it might not have the emotional heft it could have given more time . But these are sacrifices that must be made to keep the running time on the happy side of two hours and the pacing from lagging . James Schamus has crafted an engrossing adaptation of Philip Roth 's explosive novel with remarkable performances from Logan Lerman , Sarah Gadon and Tracy Letts , a haunting piano and string score from Jay Wadley ( evoking Carter Burwell 's score from another recent 1950 's tale of societal repression , Carol ) and cinematography from Christopher Blauvelt that is equal parts striking and subtle . Indignation may be Schamus ' first feature behind the director 's chair , but his years as a producer , screenwriter and co-President of Focus Features has made him more than prepared for the task . Indignation is the sort of film with virtues that creep into the brain without announcing themselves actively . It 's only days later when it 's still there , still at the forefront of the mind , that its true quality sinks in .
While this might surprise you , there are many folks who suffer allergies or intolerance to traditional protein supplements . Heck , you might be one of them and not even know it !
This week I 'm out in Calgary working with Canada 's top bobsleigh and skeleton athletes . And right now , the athletes are in the midst of a testing camp , meaning that they 're all here competing for a position on this year 's upcoming World Cup and Europa Cup squads .
As nutritional support for their hard training is a must , I spend a lot of time with these athletes making sure everything is in place for success – food amount , food type , food timing , and appropriate supplement intake .
Interestingly , as most of the athletes use some type of protein supplement to help meet their high protein needs , every time I 'm out here I 'm reminded of how many folks are hypersensitive to protein powders – especially whey protein .
In fact , during this trip alone , I 've had to take 5 athletes off whey protein because of their negative reactions to the stuff – even the so-called “ high quality ” whey isolates .
One athlete , for example , had extreme bloating and gas from their whey protein supplement . Within 30 minutes of drinking their shake , a big , smelly cloud would fill the room and their belly would bloat up to about 125 % of its normal size .
Another athlete , who has used whey protein during training sessions for the last year , thought – FOR THE ENTIRE TIME – that he had a low-grade , chronic head cold due to the extreme stuffiness he 'd experienced during every workout .
Another athlete , after every serving of whey protein , would build up a thick coating of mucous in their throat as a result of their protein supplement .
And the list goes on…
These symptoms , of course , are commonly associated with food allergies and/or food intolerances . And unfortunately , they are symptoms many of them , and likely many of you , have either failed to recognize , ignored , or just simply learned to live with . But , as I told my athletes , these symptoms are not normal and should not be brushed aside . Rather , they should be dealt with and eliminated .
4 questions
So , at this point , let me pose these 4 questions :
How often do you feel gassy and bloated ?
How often do you suffer from flatulence ?
How often do you have a stuffy nose ?
How often do you feel excess mucous production in your head and throat ?
If these symptoms above are part of your normal day , it 's time to look to your food intake to see what might be causing the problem or problems . Specific to protein problems , the symptoms above are typically the result of one or both of the following :
Lactose Intolerance
In certain individuals ( those without enough lactase enzyme activity ) , undigested lactose passes through the stomach into the intestines where it must be fermented . Through this process , lots of gas is formed , causing stomach cramps , bloating , flatulence , and diarrhea .
Protein Allergy/Intolerance
In addition to the above , symptoms can be a result of milk protein allergy/intolerance . While casein protein has been implicated in more cases of milk protein problems than whey , both milk proteins can cause similar issues . This is due to the fact that in some individuals , casein and whey can cause an excessive inflammatory immune response . This leads to mucous production . And high mucous means blocked airways , stuffy noses , and thick throats .
Now , I know . Your supplement manufacturer swears that the protein they 're selling you is a “ high quality ” isolate . And yes , true high-quality isolates contain very little lactose . But again , it may or may not be the lactose that 's the problem . It could be the protein isolate itself that 's causing the issue .
But , consider this as well…any protein powder that contains “ whey protein concentrates ” still contains lactose – even if the manufacturer claims it 's a high quality isolate . Therefore if it 's got concentrates , it 's got lactose .
In addition , many protein industry insiders believe that some companies are lying about the quality of their product to increase profit margins . They claim that since it 's much cheaper to use lower quality whey protein concentrate than it is to use a high quality whey protein isolate , some companies are adding concentrate without listing it on the label .
Sneaky , sneaky .
Of course , I 'm not trying to kick off a conspiracy theory – rather , I 'm just trying to help you look and feel better by avoiding potential dietary problems . And , like I said above , even if you 've got high quality protein product that is lactose free , you could actually have a protein allergy/intolerance . Therefore the protein type itself would have to go .
Practical suggestions
Now , without making things too complicated here , let 's get practical with a few suggestions for those of you who think you 're having problems with your protein supplements .
1 ) Switch Protein Brands
If you consistently get gassy and bloated or stuffy and mucousy after having a supplemental milk protein product , it may be time to switch brands . Your brand might have too much lactose or too high a concentration of certain protein products and either of these could be detrimental .
Indeed , this week one of my athletes switched protein powders from a whey protein isolate to a milk protein blend and within 1 day all of their complaints disappeared . Heck , I 've even seen athletes switch from one brand of whey isolate to another and have an improvement in function and a removal of symptoms .
2 ) Switch Protein Types
If you switch protein brands and that does n't help , you may legitimately have an intolerance to the milk protein itself . In such case , you might try switching to rice protein isolates . Rice protein isolates are hypoallergenic and are nowadays fortified to contain a complete compliment of amino acids .
3 ) Think About Your Dairy
One other thing to also consider if you 're suffering the symptoms above is your dairy intake . Maybe , instead of your protein being the problem , you 're having a problem with milk , cheese , yogurt , etc . Again , the lactose or protein fractions in dairy products may be the culprit , so do n't rule either out . If it turns out that dairy is the problem , you could switch to non-cow 's milk dairy ( goat or sheep 's milk dairy ) , or you could switch to soy-based dairy like milk , yogurt , etc .
In the end , the point of this article is n't to make you a dairy or protein hypochondriac . Do n't invent symptoms that do n't exist . However , I do encourage you to think about your protein and dairy intake and consider whether your protein supplements and dairy are helping or hurting you .
If you 're aware of the link between what you eat and how you feel , it 's much easier to begin to change things up if a particular food is problematic .
Want to learn more ?
Most people know that regular movement , eating well , sleep , and stress management are important for looking and feeling better . Yet they need help applying that knowledge in the context of their busy , sometimes stressful lives .
That 's why we work closely with Precision Nutrition Coaching clients to help them lose fat , get stronger , and improve their health… no matter what challenges they 're dealing with .
It 's also why we work with health , fitness and wellness professionals ( through our Level 1 and Level 2 Certification programs ) to teach them how to coach their own clients and patients through the same challenges .
Interested in Precision Nutrition Coaching ? Join the presale list ; you 'll save up to 54 % and secure a spot 24 hours early .
We 'll be opening up spots in our next Precision Nutrition Coaching on Wednesday , July 17th , 2019 .
If you 're interested in coaching and want to find out more , I 'd encourage you to join our presale list below . Being on the list gives you two special advantages .
You 'll pay less than everyone else . At Precision Nutrition we like to reward the most interested and motivated people because they always make the best clients . Join the presale list and you 'll save up to 54 % off the general public price , which is the lowest price we 've ever offered .
You 're more likely to get a spot . To give clients the personal care and attention they deserve , we only open up the program twice a year . Last time we opened registration , we sold out within minutes . By joining the presale list you 'll get the opportunity to register 24 hours before everyone else , increasing your chances of getting in .
If you 're ready to change your body , and your life , with help from the world 's best coaches , this is your chance .
[ Note : If your health and fitness are already sorted out , but you 're interested in helping others , check out our Precision Nutrition Level 1 Certification program ] .
MP Dean Del Mastro is filing to reopen his defence against allegations he spent too much in the 2008 election and covered it up .
The Peterborough , Ont. , MP was found guilty last Friday , but says there is fresh evidence that Elections Canada did n't turn over in time for the trial .
The application to reopen the defence could delay his sentencing . That in turn delays his conviction , a technicality that in turn protects him from the measures that would ban him from taking his seat in the House of Commons and from running for another seat for five years .
While Del Mastro has been found guilty , his conviction wo n't be entered into the record until he is sentenced . The Canada Elections Act blocks those convicted of breaking election rules from sitting in the House or running for a federal seat for five years after conviction .
In a news release , Del Mastro says his lawyers will bring the application immediately .
Del Mastro was found guilty on three counts last week and is to be sentenced Nov. 21 in a Lindsay , Ont. , court .
There 's a four-part legal test to determine whether new evidence can be submitted , he said in the news release , including it 's believed the evidence `` could reasonably , when taken with the other evidence adduced at trial , be expected to have affected the result . ''
Del Mastro 's defence will also have to explain why he was n't able to make the motion until after the verdict had been delivered .
Committee to consider expulsion
Del Mastro , in an interview with Rosemary Barton on CBC News Network 's Power & Politics last Friday , said there was a debate until the last few days of the trial whether they should bring a motion to present additional evidence . In the end , however , he and his lawyers did not .
`` We were confident that the ruling was going our way . We felt that we had put forward a very strong case , we thought that we had not just Elections Canada precedent but actual statements and evidence provided by the chief auditor at Elections Canada that entirely supported our case , but ultimately we did n't hear that considered in the ruling . ''
Del Mastro is n't in Ottawa this week because his wife gave birth over the weekend to their first child .
Although he was n't in the House , MPs spent much of the afternoon debating his case .
NDP House leader Peter Julian asked House Speaker Andrew Scheer to find a prima facie breach of privilege — an initial case for breach of privilege . Should Scheer do so , Julian said he was prepared to move to suspend Del Mastro on the spot , without pay , and send the matter to the procedure and House affairs committee for further study .
Del Mastro 's sentencing hearing has n't yet taken place , Government House leader Peter Van Loan pointed out , and , he noted , could result in an absolute discharge that voids the conviction .
Van Loan proposed the Speaker refer the question to committee immediately , with sweeping terms of reference that would allow MPs to look at suspending Del Mastro without pay pending a final resolution , or even expel him .
The committee would also be charged with reporting back to the House on how it should deal with related matters , including Del Mastro 's pension , travel benefits , office budget and staff .
Scheer agreed to take the matter under advisement , but pledged to come back to the House `` as quickly as possible '' with his decision .
'Frequently obfuscated '
The prosecution had argued that Del Mastro ordered $ 21,000 in voter identification , voter contact and get-out-the-vote services from a now-defunct company called Holinshed , but reported only $ 1,575 in services because the campaign realized that reporting the full amount would put it over the limit .
Del Mastro , however , said the $ 21,000 he paid out of his personal chequing account was for a separate set of services that Frank Hall , Holinshed 's owner , never delivered .
In her decision , Judge Lisa Cameron said that in her view , from the timing of the contract and its language , it `` is plainly a contract for election services . '' She also said that she found Del Mastro was n't credible , `` frequently obfuscated '' during his testimony and that there were a number of inconsistencies .
The judge 's ruling `` was not a final decision , '' Del Mastro said . `` I 've in no way broken any of the laws governing elections . ''
He seemed unfazed by the judge 's finding that his testimony was n't credible .
`` I know what the truth is . That 's her opinion . My opinion is quite different . ''
NDP raises Del Mastro 's parliamentary status in the House
Del Mastro 's status as a sitting MP dominated the first round of question period today .
`` The prime minister 's former parliamentary secretary has been convicted of election fraud , '' Julian noted — the `` same individual '' who , he added , `` defended the Conservatives ' scheming and robocalls week after week in this place . ''
`` Will the Conservatives admit that when it comes to election fraud , they 're the champions ? ''
In response , the prime minister 's current parliamentary secretary , Paul Calandra , advised the House that `` any further measures '' would be considered by the procedure and House affairs committee .
Not surprisingly , that did n't stop the NDP from continuing to raise the issue , which prompted Scheer to rise twice to `` caution '' opposition members to limit their questions to the administration of government .
`` I did n't hear anything in the preamble that touched on the administrative responsibility of government , '' he told Julian .
`` I have had to remind members that they need to bring their questions back to that realm , issues about election activities or current individuals ' status . ''
São Paulo starlet Lucas Moura has spoken to both Manchester United and Chelsea over a summer move , according to the player 's agent .
Bright talent : Lucas Moura is being trailed by Chelsea and United ( Picture : Getty )
The 19-year-old box-to-box midfielder is widely regarded as one of the most exciting talents in South America , having enjoyed a break through campaign at São Paulo last term , scoring 13 goals in 43 games and picking up 11 caps for Brazil .
A move away has been touted ever since Lucas made his Brasileiro debut in 2010 , and nearly happened last January when Inter Milan opened talks over a big money transfer , only for São Paulo to pull the plug on a deal at the last minute .
However , the midfield maestro , who recently admitted he has been taking an extensive course of English lessons , looks like he may finally get his move this summer , with agent Wagner Ribeiro confirming contact with both United and Chelsea has already taken place .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ I have to say that Inter , Chelsea and Manchester United have already been in contact with me about him , ' Ribeiro told Globo Esporte .
‘ He has the perfect profile to play in Europe – he 's a good player , very rapid and he knows how to shoot . '
Lucas is currently settled in Brazil , but is weighing up the advantages a move to Europe might have on his international ambitions , with the player keen to become a regular for his country ahead of the 2014 World Cup .
The news has also alerted north London duo Arsenal and Tottenham , both of whom are long-term admirers of Lucas , but with São Paulo unlikely to do business for anything short of £20 million , they would struggle to compete .
Lucas is currently contracted to São Paulo until December 2015 , and boasts a whopping buy out clause of over £66 million .
Darren McGregor found the net just after the hour-mark
Two second-half goals were enough for Hibernian to knock a dogged Raith Rovers side out of the Scottish Cup at the fourth round stage .
The tie looked destined to end goalless for a long spell as the two Championship teams cancelled each other out .
Darren McGregor 's shot broke the deadlock after an hour , though .
Dominique Malonga added a second two minutes later with an excellent long-range strike .
This was the fourth meeting of these sides this season and the sense of familiarity dragged the game into a state of deadlock .
Hibs had won all three previous games , but found themselves up against determined hosts .
Containment was not the only purpose of Raith 's display , since they created the only meaningful chances of the opening half .
Malonga provided a rare bit of inspiration with Hibs ' second
There was a sluggishness to Hibs , even though new signing Chris Dagnall - who replaced the unwell Jason Cummings in the starting line-up - was always willing to run in behind defenders .
His problem was the quality of pass up to him . Rovers filled the midfield with industry and endeavour and , with James Craigen playing just off lone striker Jon Daly , little moments of creativity entered their play .
It was from a Craigen cross that Ross Callachan might have scored but Hibs goalkeeper Mark Oxley pounced on the ball on his goal-line .
Another Craigen delivery found Rory McKeown racing in at the back post but he blazed over .
Hibs head coach Alan Stubbs looked increasingly frustrated with his players as he stood on the sideline .
His team was certainly brighter and more proactive after the break , with Paul Hanlon providing the first meaningful effort on target with a shot from the edge of the area , but goalkeeper Kevin Cuthbert was more than equal to it .
The tie was more open as both sides sought a decisive outcome . Hibs had been refocused during the break , though , and their enterprise brought reward .
James Keatings had just seen a shot pushed over by an agile diving save from Cuthbert but the goalkeeper was culpable moments later .
When the ball broke to McGregor just outside the area from a Lewis Stevenson cross , the substitute hit it low and hard , with the ball somehow bundling underneath the body of Cuthbert and rolling into the net .
Quality and composure had been notable by their absence but Malonga suddenly intervened . Unchallenged 25 yards out , the striker swept a glorious shot into the top corner of the net .
And the brace of goals were enough to secure Hibs a place in Monday 's draw for the last 16 .
Sleater-Kinney rang in the New Year in style with a sold-out gig at San Francisco 's Masonic . As happens at any good NYE bash , they brought along some friends in openers The Thermals and the evening 's DJ , Britt Daniel of Spoon . During Sleater-Kinney 's set , all of these musicians joined together to pay tribute to those lost in 2016 with a pair of cover songs .
Carrie Brownstein and the band first welcomed out The Thermals for a rendition of George Michael 's classic “ Faith ” . Then Daniel , The Thermals ' Hutch Harris , and Corin Tucker traded off verses on David Bowie 's “ Rebel Rebel ” to close out the evening . Both songs ended up being the perfect message with which to steel oneself for the New Year , as Brownstein closed the show saying , “ We love you . Protect yourself . Protect each other . Resist ! ”
Watch the performance of “ Rebel Rebel ” above , with a different angle and “ Faith ” viewable below .
“ Rebel Rebel ” :
“ Faith ” :
One Sunday in November 20-year-old Alani Murrieta of Phoenix began to feel sick and left work early . She had no preexisting medical conditions but her health declined at a frighteningly rapid pace , as detailed by her family and friends in local media and on BuzzFeed News . The next day she went to an urgent care clinic , where she was diagnosed with the flu and prescribed the antiviral medication Tamiflu . But by Tuesday morning she was having trouble breathing and was spitting up blood . Her family took her to the hospital , where x-rays revealed pneumonia : inflammation in the lungs that can be caused by a viral or bacterial infection , or both . Doctors gave Murrieta intravenous antibiotics and were transferring her to the intensive care unit when her heart stopped ; they resuscitated her but her heart stopped again . At 3:25 P.M. on Tuesday , November 28—one day after being diagnosed with the flu—Murrieta was declared dead .
Worldwide , the flu results in three million to five million cases of severe illness and 291,000 to 646,000 deaths annually , according to the World Health Organization and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; the totals vary greatly from one year to the next . The CDC estimates that between 1976 and 2005 the annual number of flu-related deaths in the U.S. ranged from a low of 3,000 to a high of 49,000 . Between 2010 and 2016 yearly flu-related deaths in the U.S. ranged from 12,000 to 56,000 .
But what exactly is a “ flu-related death ” ? How does the flu kill ? The short and morbid answer is that in most cases the body kills itself by trying to heal itself . “ Dying from the flu is not like dying from a bullet or a black widow spider bite , ” says Amesh Adalja , an infectious disease physician at the Johns Hopkins University Center for Health Security . “ The presence of the virus itself is n't going to be what kills you . An infectious disease always has a complex interaction with its host . ”
After entering someone 's body—usually via the eyes , nose or mouth—the influenza virus begins hijacking human cells in the nose and throat to make copies of itself . The overwhelming viral hoard triggers a strong response from the immune system , which sends battalions of white blood cells , antibodies and inflammatory molecules to eliminate the threat . T cells attack and destroy tissue harboring the virus , particularly in the respiratory tract and lungs where the virus tends to take hold . In most healthy adults this process works , and they recover within days or weeks . But sometimes the immune system 's reaction is too strong , destroying so much tissue in the lungs that they can no longer deliver enough oxygen to the blood , resulting in hypoxia and death .
In other cases it is not the flu virus itself that triggers an overwhelming and potentially fatal immune response but rather a secondary infection that takes advantage of a taxed immune system . Typically , bacteria—often a species of Streptococcus or Staphylococcus—infect the lungs . A bacterial infection in the respiratory tract can potentially spread to other parts of the body and the blood , even leading to septic shock : a life-threatening , body-wide , aggressive inflammatory response that damages multiple organs . Based on autopsy studies , Kathleen Sullivan , chief of the Division of Allergy and Immunology at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , estimates about one third of people who die from flu-related causes expire because the virus overwhelms the immune system ; another third die from the immune response to secondary bacterial infections , usually in the lungs ; and the remaining third perish due to the failure of one or more other organs .
Apart from a bacterial pneumonia , the secondary complications of the flu are numerous and range from the relatively mild , such as sinus and ear infections , to the much more severe , such as inflammation of the heart ( myocarditis ) , brain ( encephalitis ) or muscles ( myositis and rhabdomyolysis ) . They can also include Reye 's syndrome , a mysterious brain illness that usually begins after a viral infection , and Guillain–Barr syndrome , another virus-triggered ailment in which the immune system attacks the peripheral nervous system . Sometimes Guillain–Barr leads to a period of partial or near-total paralysis , which in turn requires mechanical ventilation to keep a sufferer breathing . These complications are less common , but can be fatal .
The number of people who die from an immune response to the initial viral infection versus a secondary bacterial infection depends , in part , on the viral strain and the cleanliness of the spaces in which the sick are housed . Some studies suggest that during the infamous 1918 global flu pandemic , most people died from subsequent bacterial infections . But more virulent strains such as those that cause avian flu are more likely to overwhelm the immune system on their own . “ The hypothesis is that virulent strains trigger a stronger inflammatory response , ” Adalja says . “ It also depends on the age group getting attacked . During the H1N1 2009 pandemic , the age group mostly affected was young adults , and we saw a lot of primary viral pneumonia . ”
In a typical season most flu-related deaths occur among children and the elderly , both of whom are uniquely vulnerable . The immune system is an adaptive network of organs that learns how best to recognize and respond to threats over time . Because the immune systems of children are relatively naive , they may not respond optimally . In contrast the immune systems of the elderly are often weakened by a combination of age and underlying illness . Both the very young and very old may also be less able to tolerate and recover from the immune system 's self-attack . Apart from children between six and 59 months and individuals older than 65 years , those at the greatest risk of developing potentially fatal complications are pregnant women , health care workers and people with certain chronic medical conditions , such as HIV/AIDS , asthma , and heart or lung diseases , according to the World Health Organization .
So far this flu season more than 6,000 people in the U.S. have tested positive for influenza and 856 have been hospitalized for laboratory-confirmed flu-associated reasons , according to the CDC . The most effective way to prevent the flu and its many potentially lethal complications is to get vaccinated .
Adult Swim will treat viewers of this Friday 's Metalocalypse marathon not only to the adventures of half-Norwegian metal band Dethklok but also to a new animated short featuring the band 's meeting with Death , star of THQ 's Darksiders 2 .
Adult Swim will treat viewers of this Friday 's Metalocalypse marathon not only to the adventures of half-Norwegian metal band Dethklok but also to a new animated short featuring the band 's meeting with Death , star of THQ 's Darksiders 2 .
The two-minute spot ( created by Metalocalypse production house Titmouse Inc. ) will air on Cartoon Network at some point between 11 p.m. and 1 a.m. this Friday . If you 're not metal enough to stay up that late , it will presumably on YouTube literally minutes after it airs .
It 's not the first time Dethklok and gaming have crossed paths : In 2009 it was to star in a downloadable action game published by Konami . Though the project was scrapped , you can see some purported footage of the game here .
Racing-bred engineering , svelte aesthetic design and rarity in numbers ; the Alfa Romeo 1900C SS is one of the most alluring cars of all time .
Conceived in 1954 , Elio Zagato created the first Super Sport 1900C in a delicate and lightweight aluminium-alloy body to move faster and more nimbly than the original model . The new aerodynamic design elongated the bonnet of the car to create a longer , sleeker front to conceal the engine 's improved power . Approximately 39 Berlinetta 's were produced from 1954 through to 1956 , including this avorio painted Super Sprint , completed at Zagato on April 22nd 1955 .
Rolling up to auction via RM Sotheby 's Arizona auction series , alongside the 1958 Mercedes-Benz 300 SL Roadster previously featured on the OPUMO Magazine , the Alfa looks set to draw a host of attention from Italian design devotees worldwide .
One of the most dynamic post-war machines ever built , the lustrous Alfa Romeo 1900C boasts a rich racing pedigree to compliment the exquisite aesthetic . In 1955 , this 1900C SS was entered into a 225-mile race between Barranquilla and Cartagena , Colombia- finishing in 4th place overall . More recently , in 2010 , the model was updated with a full chassis restoration . Testing the new look , the 1900C SS was entered in to the Colorado Grand before undergoing an engine rebuild alongside a full restoration to be displayed at the 2011 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance .
As a result , this spectacular 1900C Super Sport Berlinetta exists as one of the finest models in existence . The most prized boutique sports car of all time .
President Barack Obama speaks at the North American Leaders Summit closing news conference in Toluca , Mexico , Wednesday , Feb. 19 , 2014 . Obama was in Toluca for a one-day summit with Mexican and Canadian leaders , meeting on issues of trade and other neighbor-to-neighbor interests , even as Congress is pushing back against some of his top cross-border agenda items . ( AP Photo/The Canadian Press , Sean Kilpatrick )
President Barack Obama denied late Wednesday that Russian-U.S. tensions over Syria and Ukraine were playing out on “ some Cold-War chessboard ” even as he acknowledged deep divisions between Moscow and Washington .
Obama , speaking at a joint press conference after a North American leaders ' summit , also flatly denied that the United States had played a role in stirring up the people against their government , saying that the uprisings “ arose organically from within those countries . ”
“ I do think it is worth noting that you have , in this situation , one country that has clearly been a client state of Russia , another whose government is currently being supported by Russia , ” he said .
But “ our approach in the United States is not to see these as some Cold-War chessboard in which we 're in competition with Russia , ” the president continued .
“ Our goal is to make sure that the people of Ukraine are able to make decisions for themselves about their future , that the people of Syria are able to make the decisions without having bombs going off and killing women and children , or chemical weapons , or towns being starved because a despot wants to cling to power , ” he said .
“ Mr . Putin has a different view on many of those issues , and I do n't think that there 's any secret on that , ” he said , referring to Russia 's president .
Russian-U.S. tensions have spiked partly as a consequence of both conflicts .
In Syria , Russia supports and arms strongman Bashar Assad and has joined China in blocking U.S.-backed U.N. Security Council measures meant to weaken him . The United States says Assad has no future leading his country and has provided aid to rebels seeking his removal .
In Ukraine , Russia has bluntly accused the West stirring up the political opposition , resulting in deadly clashes between protestors and government forces . The United States on Wednesday announced sanctions on about 20 senior civilian Ukrainian leaders deemed to have played a role in the bloody crackdown on protests against President Viktor Yanukovych .
“ My government and Vice President Biden and I personally have expressed to President Yanukovych the need for him to recognize the spirit of the Ukrainian people and work with that , as opposed to trying to repress it , ” Obama said . “ And so we 'll continue to stand on the side of the people . ”
“ There are times , I hope , where Russia will recognize that over the long term , they should be on board with those values and interests as well , ” Obama said . “ Right now , there are times where we have strong disagreements . And when I speak to Mr. Putin , I 'm very candid about those disagreements , even as we will continue to pursue cooperation with Russia on areas where we have shared concerns . ”
Representation learning is a hot area in machine learning . In natural language processing ( for example ) , learning long vectors for words has proven quite effective on several tasks . Often , these representations have several hundred dimensions . To perform a qualitative analysis of the learned representations , it helps to visualize them . Thus , we need a principled approach to drop from this high dimensional space to a lower dimensional space ( like $ \mathbb { R } ^2 $ for instance ) .
In this blog post , I will discuss the Multidimensional scaling ( MDS ) algorithm - a manifold learning algorithm that recovers ( or at least tries to recover ) the underlying manifold that contains the data .
MDS aims to find a configuration in a lower-dimension space that preserves distances between points in the data . In this post , I will provide intuition for this algorithm and an implementation for clojure ( incanter ) .
MDS works by preserving distances between points in the data . The end result of running this algorithm on a dataset is a spatial arrangement that preserves distances ( to the best of its ability ) .
For example , say you learn a representation for words - like word2vec . These representations are continuous vectors of 300 elements ( at least the default vectors are ) . These representations preserve ( or exhibit ) some striking linguistic phenomena . For instance , $ R ( man ) - R ( woman ) \approx R ( king ) - R ( queen ) $ . Words that are semantically similar tend to have similar representations .
So how does one go about visualizing phenomena like these ? Clearly , you want to be able to view these points in 2 dimensions ( on a plot say ) and also preserve some of the properties ( i.e . similarity of semantically similar words ) .
MDS operates on pairwise distances between data points . It retrieves an embedding of the data-points in a lower-dimensional space that preserves these distances . Thus , we can visualize the representations learned by using MDS to drop down to 2 dimensions . Ideally the distances should be preserved . Perfect .
Here is an implementation for clojure ( using core.matrix - I had to set the implementation to vectorz since svd seems to not be available by default ) :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 ( ns clojure-manifold.mds `` Implementation of MDS '' ( : refer-clojure : exclude [ * - + == / ] ) ( : require [ clojure.core.matrix : refer : all ] [ clojure.core.matrix.operators : refer : all ] [ clojure.core.matrix.linear : refer : all ] ) ) ( set-current-implementation : vectorz ) ( defn double-center `` Double centering : 0.5 * ( matrix - row-mean - col-mean + grand-mean ) '' [ a-matrix ] ( let [ row-sum ( apply + a-matrix ) col-sum ( - > > a-matrix transpose ( apply + ) ) [ num-rows num-cols ] ( shape a-matrix ) row-mean ( - > > ( / row-sum num-rows ) ( repeat num-rows ) matrix ) col-mean ( - > > ( / col-sum num-cols ) ( repeat num-cols ) matrix transpose ) grand-mean ( + ( / ( reduce + row-sum ) ( * num-rows num-cols ) ) ( new-matrix num-rows num-cols ) ) ] ( * -0.5 ( - > a-matrix ( - row-mean ) ( - col-mean ) ( + grand-mean ) ) ) ) ) ( defn proximity-matrix `` Construct a proximity matrix ( of euclidean distances ) '' [ a-matrix ] ( map ( fn [ x ] ( map ( fn [ y ] ( Math/pow ( distance x y ) 2 ) ) a-matrix ) ) a-matrix ) ) ( defn mds `` Take a matrix and find a configuration in n dimensions that preserves directions '' [ a-matrix n ] ( let [ D ( proximity-matrix a-matrix ) centered-D ( double-center D ) { U : U S : S } ( svd centered-D ) ] ( * ( submatrix U 1 [ 0 n ] ) ( submatrix S 0 n 0 n ) ) ) )
I will test these on a few word-vectors from word2vec . The words in question are :
river lake city town actor doctor dog cat animal home
The word vectors for these words are available in foo.csv .
I then ran MDS on this matrix like so :
user > ( use 'clojure-manifold.mds : reload ) nil user > ( def M ( load-data `` foo.csv '' ) ) # 'user/M user > ( save-csv ( mds M 2 ) `` foo-reduced.csv '' ) ; reduce to 2 dimensions
The plot looks like so :
Looking at this plot , we observe that the resulting configuration places semantically similar words close by . For instance { dog , cat , animal } , { home , actor , doctor } , { lake , river } and { city , town } are groups that are clustered together and the individual clusters are pretty far away from each other .
In a later blog post , I will work through the proof .
The source code for MDS is available in this repo : https : //github.com/shriphani/clojure-manifold
Should Kim Dotcom be allowed to see the evidence the U.S. government intends to use against him in his upcoming copyright infringement trial ? A New Zealand District Court said yes last year , as did the High Court , but the Court of Appeal decided otherwise so Dotcom 's legal team is challenging that ruling in the Supreme Court today . The outcome will be of great importance to the Internet entrepreneur .
Following the arrest of Kim Dotcom and his associates in New Zealand in January 2012 , it quickly became clear that the United States government would seek to extradite them to face copyright infringement , racketeering , money laundering and sundry other charges .
Understandably , Dotcom 's legal team wishes to contest the U.S. version of events so that Dotcom can remain a free man in New Zealand , but to do that they would need access to the evidence gathered by the United States during its Megaupload investigation . To this day the U.S. government insists that no such right of disclosure exists .
The battle to see those documents has already taken more than a year . In May 2012 , a judge in the North Shore District Court ordered disclosure of all documents relating to the alleged crimes of the so-called Mega Conspiracy .
That decision was subsequently challenged and in August 2012 a High Court judge dismissed an application for judicial review and upheld the earlier ruling of the District Court . But the celebrations for Dotcom and co-accused Finn Batato , Mathias Ortmann and Bram van der Kolk did n't last . The case went to the Court of Appeal where it was decided that all the U.S. had to do was show there is a prima facie case to answer .
An appeal of that ruling , this time by Dotcom , means that today the case is being heard at the Supreme Court in Wellington by a panel of five judges .
Paul Davison QC , counsel for Dotcom , told Chief Justice Dame Sian Elias and Justices Susan Glazebrook , William Young , John McGrath and Terence Arnold , that under the law Dotcom is entitled to a fair trial . That , he said , was being undermined by Dotcom not having access to the evidence against him .
The Crown says that Dotcom can hear that evidence as part of his trial in the United States , but Davison said if things go to plan , that stage will never be reached .
“ If matters proceed the way Mr Dotcom would have them , there will not be a US phase , ” Davison said .
Davison argued that the New Zealand/United States extradition treaty does n't prevent disclosure of evidence greater than the summary currently being provided and that since the documents are stored digitally , they could easily be sent . The current case summary runs to 109 pages but Davison says more crucial detail is required .
However , Crown lawyer Mike Heron , who is acting on behalf of the United States , said that any disclosure would only lead to further requests from Dotcom to see more and more of the evidence . Furthermore , Heron said that the argument that a fair trial would not be possible without further disclosure is one that had been tested many times during the past 20 years and had failed every time . Additional disclosure would only slow down the extradition , Heron said .
Dotcom 's legal team , on the other hand , feel that the level of disclosure so far falls short of that already allowed by the Extradition Act . Davison further argued that the U.S. case has a number of core problems , not least that it fails to show that Dotcom and his associates had criminal intent in their activities at Megaupload .
The Supreme Court will now have the final say on the issue . Dotcom 's extradition hearing is now expected to go ahead in November .
My journey to becoming a Web Developer involved lots of hard work , online courses , meetups and much advice from strangers online . Today I am a Full Stack Engineer working in London and love helping others reach their goal of learning to code .
In my day to day I mostly work with JavaScript ( Node.js ) , CSS , Sass , HTML and Python as well as helping make architectural decisions , helping decide which features to build , getting rid of `` bad '' code and generally helping build awesome websites/apps .
I have been teaching others to code for over 3 years now via workshops , talks , group projects , one-on-one mentoring and I absolutely love watching students get better every day and becoming Engineers themselves . Taking a decision to change your life , switch careers and learn to code is very brave and I hope I can help along the way and steer in the right direction .
During a Toro Rosso filming day , running for the STR12 was hampered by a persistent ERS problem . The car only managed six laps at the Misano circuit , and the mechanics of the development team of Red Bull were not able to get the car running again , sources inside the Italian team told F1Today.net .
Toro Rosso will present the STR12 on Sunday , February 26th . The Italian squad will race with engine supplier Renault after a year with old specification Ferrari engines . The French manufacturer has gone for a different approach in 2017 to the power unit . Motor boss Remi Taffin previously revealed that the new power unit would be 95 percent different than the previous spec .
The new V6 turbo would supposedly gain three tenths per lap . Renault director Cyril Abiteboul however also announced that the French brand 's first focus would be on the reliability . Reliability was not on the side of Toro Rosso during the filming day as the Red Bull junior team came nowhere near the allowed 100 kilometers .
Toro Rosso will drive in 2017 the same power unit as big brother Red Bull Racing , with both teams carrying Renault units . Spokeswoman Tabatha Valls responded to our editorial staff : `` Sorry , we never go into situations of film days . ''
Fergal Walsh
Public Defenders Continue To Fight Back Against California 's Broken Case Management Software
from the CRIMINAL-JUSTICE-SYSTEM-has-crashed.-Restore-from-backup ? dept
In California , the future of criminal case management is now . But the future appears to be broken , and `` now '' is looking much worse than the recent past . Odyssey is the state 's buggy new case management software -- one that 's been keeping people from being released , putting people with dismissed charges in jail , and otherwise making the criminal justice system even more horrible than usual . Tyler Technologies , the creator of the software , has called this transition `` challenging . '' ( It 's also called this rolling cockup a `` transition , '' so… )
Public defenders -- already overworked when things are normal -- are the ones being tasked with sorting out a long stream of erroneous computations and attempting to make things right for the human beings on the receiving end . This is an additional workload public defenders did n't need .
Since [ December 2016 ] , the public defender 's office has filed approximately 2,000 motions informing the court that , due to its reportedly imperfect software , many of its clients have been forced to serve unnecessary jail time , be improperly arrested , or even wrongly registered as sex offenders .
The court 's response to multiple pleas by public defenders to force someone in the Californian government to clean up this mess ? Shit happens . Deal with it .
Although the court recognizes that Odyssey has resulted in unlawful arrests and searches , clerical errors that affect a defendant 's Fourth Amendment right to privacy will occur regardless of the case management system used by the court .
Understandably , this non-redress of grievances failed to satisfy public defenders . Cyrus Farivar reports they 're headed back to court to appeal the court 's do-nothing order .
“ These delays and errors violate Government Code § 69844 's express requirement that Superior Court clerks enter judicial orders ‘ forthwith , ' as well as the constitutional right to a complete and accurate record on appeal and the Fourth Amendment prohibition upon unlawful arrests and illegal searches , ” Charles Denton , an assistant public defender , wrote in his April 10 brief .
The more significant point of the filing [ PDF ] is this : without pressure from the courts , the problems created ( and exacerbated ) by the new case management software 's rollout will continue to snowball .
For , as we have noted , respondent 's staff concedes that , without a change in software or staffing , it will never be able to “ provide a complete and fully accurate record of court proceedings ” ... The numbers bear this out . The bottleneck in processing commitment orders for the more than 100 state prisoners languishing in county jail is months long , and , seven months after Odyssey 's rollout , there is an ever-growing backlog of more than 12,000 “ paperless ” files that are missing minute orders , filings , and transcripts .
At this point , being booked in Alameda County is to be forcibly subjected to a malfunctioning criminal justice slot machine . Maybe it will pay off for a few people , but the odds are still on the house . A system that 's already largely broken does n't need assistance from outside vendors ' buggy software .
Filed Under : california , case management , criminal justice , public defenders
Companies : tyler technologies
AMONG the most contentious issues in negotiations over Brexit are the status of expatriates . Over 3m people from European Union ( EU ) countries outside the British Isles currently live in Britain , and around 1.2m Britons reside elsewhere in the EU . In theory , a “ hard Brexit ” , in which the EU 's free-movement guarantee is abruptly revoked , could force both groups to uproot their lives and move if they can not secure new visas .
Such an exodus would not only cause widespread disruption in the short term , but also inflict a heavy toll on Britain 's demographic profile . Foreigners of prime working age who live in Britain are far more likely to have jobs than their peers elsewhere in Europe are . Fully 78 % of immigrants to Britain aged 25-49 are employed , compared with 68 % in Germany ( whose ratio is the second-best in the EU ) and just 58 % in France . And in addition to luring other countries ' workers , Britain also excels at exporting its own pensioners . Nearly a quarter of a million Britons aged 65 and over live in other EU countries—120,000 in Spain alone—whereas only 85,000 of those aged 65 and over from elsewhere in the EU have settled in Britain .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
A deal allowing both groups to stay put could well be reached . Nonetheless , the threat of Brexit-related upheaval already seems to be influencing decisions . Since the British public voted to leave the EU last June , the country 's net annual migration rate from the rest of Europe has slumped from 189,000 to 127,000 . The biggest decline has come from the 12 countries , mostly in eastern Europe , that joined the EU in 2004-07 and have sent a total of 1.5m migrants to Britain since . Not only were inflows from that group—which includes Poland , Hungary , the Czech Republic , Romania and Bulgaria—20 % lower in the year to March than they were during the previous 12 months , but the number of nationals from those countries departing Britain rose by 70 % as well .
Moreover , even if all current expatriates are allowed to stay , Brexit may still take a bite out of their purchasing power . In the wake of the Brexit vote , the pound has slumped against the euro . As a result , the maximum British government pension is now worth barely more in euros than it was in 2012 . Such financial woes could still lead many sun-seeking British pensioners to abandon the Costa Brava and settle for merry Margate .
by
In this post I discuss a new paper that will appear at PETS 2018 , authored by myself , Jeffrey Han , and Arvind Narayanan .
What happens when you open an email and allow it to display embedded images and pixels ? You may expect the sender to learn that you 've read the email , and which device you used to read it . But in a new paper we find that privacy risks of email tracking extend far beyond senders knowing when emails are viewed . Opening an email can trigger requests to tens of third parties , and many of these requests contain your email address . This allows those third parties to track you across the web and connect your online activities to your email address , rather than just to a pseudonymous cookie .
Illustrative example . Consider an email from the deals website LivingSocial ( see details of the example email ) . When the email is opened , client will make requests to 24 third parties across 29 third-party domains . [ 1 ] A total of 10 third parties receive an MD5 hash of the user 's email address , including major data brokers Datalogix and Acxiom . Nearly all of the third parties ( 22 of the 24 ) set or receive cookies with their requests . In a webmail client the cookies are the same browser cookies used to track users on the web , and indeed many major web trackers ( including domains belonging to Google , comScore , Adobe , and AOL ) are loaded when the email is opened . While this example email has a large number of trackers relative to the average email in our corpus , the majority of emails ( 70 % ) embed at least one tracker .
How it works . Email tracking is possible because modern graphical email clients allow rendering a subset of HTML . JavaScript is invariably stripped , but embedded images and stylesheets are allowed . These are downloaded and rendered by the email client when the user views the email . [ 2 ] Crucially , many email clients , and almost all web browsers , in the case of webmail , send third-party cookies with these requests . The email address is leaked by being encoded as a parameter into these third-party URLs .
Measuring email tracking at scale . To understand the privacy implications of viewing and interacting with emails we assembled a collection of messages from mailing lists on the top sites . [ 3 ] Using OpenWPM , a web measurement platform developed at Princeton , we simulated a user opening each email and clicking links from within a webmail client that loads remote content . We found that 85 % of emails in our corpus contain embedded third-party content , and 70 % contain resources categorized as trackers by popular tracking-protection lists . Many of these third parties , including 7 of the top 10 , also have a large web presence .
When “ anonymous ” web tracking is n't . About 29 % of emails leak the user 's email address to at least one third party when the email is opened , and about 19 % of senders sent at least one email that had such a leak . The majority of these leaks ( 62 % ) are intentional . [ 4 ] If the leaked email address is associated with a tracking cookie , as it would be in many webmail clients , the privacy risk to users is greatly amplified . Since a tracking cookie can be shared with traditional web trackers , email address can allow those trackers to link tracking profiles from before and after a user clears their cookies . If a user reads their email on multiple devices , trackers can use that address as an identifier to link tracking data cross-device .
Most of the top leak recipients , including LiveIntent , Acxiom , Conversant Media , and Neustar , are involved in “ people-based ” marketing . These third parties receive leaked email addresses from between 24 to 68 of the 902 email senders studied . People-based marketing is defined by Acxiom as “ the ability to perform targeting and measurement at the level of real people , not just devices , by resolving identity across digital and offline channels. ” In other words , it is a term used to describe a set of services which allow marketers to use tracking data collected across any of a user 's devices , as well as offline data , to target that user on any of their devices . As discussed above , this could include offline data such as purchases made using a loyalty card at a grocery store , if that data is available associated with the purchaser 's email address ( or a hash of it ) .
While our data does not let us measure how the companies use leaked email addresses they receive when a user views an email , we can get some insight into potential uses by examining their product pages . The marketing materials and privacy policies of the four companies mentioned above detail their use of email addresses for cross-device targeting and/or data onboarding products . [ 5 ]
Are leaks of hashed email addresses less of a privacy concern ? In many cases the leaked email address is hashed ; in fact , 68 % of all leaks which occur while viewing emails are hashed , one-third of which also include the domain portion of the email address in plaintext . Hashed email is considered by some leak recipients to not be personally identifying information . [ 6 ]
From a computer science perspective , the claim that a hashed email address is not personally identifying is patently false . When user records in a database are keyed by hashed email address , looking up the record for a given email address is trivial : simply hash it first and look it up ( indeed , this is the whole point of storing hashed email addresses at all ) . What if you have data associated with a hash of an unknown email address and want to recover the original address ? It 's surprisingly easy : you can rent a multi-GPU virtual machine for $ 14.40 an hour [ 7 ] , which gives you 73 billion MD5 hash computations per second based on published benchmarks . Modern methods have gotten really good at enumerating plausible sequences of characters and numbers in passwords , and we believe these methods will extend to email addresses . If they do , it would mean that email address hashes can be broken much more efficiently than through brute forcing ( i.e. , trying all possible combinations of characters ) . We posit that with a trillion guesses — a cost of 6 US cents — it should be possible to enumerate the majority of email address in use .
Additional leaks occur when users click on links in emails . When an email link is clicked the URL is typically handed over to the user 's browser , or to a new tab in the user 's browser , in the case of webmail . Email addresses and other identifiers may be embedded in these links , and may ultimately cause the user 's email address to leak to third-parties on the web . We found that about 11 % of links contain requests that leak the user 's email address to a third-party and about 12 % of all emails contain such a link . The largest recipients of these leaks are Google , Facebook , and Twitter , and the top recipients overall are very similar to the top third-party trackers on the web .
Leaks in link clicks can also allow email trackers to work around privacy protections in emails clients that strip cookies from remote resources ( like Apple Mail ) or in those that proxy remote resources ( like Gmail ) . Since the clicked link is opened in the user 's browser , the tracker can make the explicit link between the user 's cookie and the leaked email address while the resulting page is loaded .
What can users do ? All of the privacy risks discussed in our paper stem from remote resources , so users can use mail clients which support blocking images by default to completely avoid the problem . However , that can often result in emails which are unreadable ; this is particularly true for marketing emails .
Blocking images by default provides complete protection from tracking when emails are viewed , but can often result in unreadable emails .
In Section 6.2 of the paper we survey 16 mail clients and find that a patchwork of privacy features are employed , but that no setup offers complete protection from the threats we identify . Mail clients that block cookies by default , like Apple Mail , offer some level of protection . In these clients it 's more difficult for a tracker to track users across mailing lists , since the mail client does n't provide a persistent identifier . The same is true for webmail clients which proxy images , like Gmail and Yandex . Content proxying has the added benefit of preventing a tracker from being able to link the browser 's cookies to any identifiers received when an email is opened .
Even with the defenses employed by the clients we studied , trackers which receive the user 's leaked email address will continue to be able to track and target users in these clients and on the web . As an example , LiveIntent 's marketing material reassures clients that it will continue to work in Gmail since “ targeting is primarily based around the e-mail address 's [ sic ] MD5 hash ” . Regardless of the defenses deployed by the client , control of tracking is handed off to the user 's browser when email links are clicked .
We found that the tracking protection lists EasyList and EasyPrivacy reduce the number of email leaks that occur when an email is viewed by 87 % . Perhaps the best option for privacy-conscious users today is to use webmail and install tracking protection tools , such as uBlock Origin or Ghostery . Users who want to use a standalone client must find one which supports privacy extensions ; of the clients we studied , the only one that supports such extensions is Thunderbird . Having tracking protection tools installed in the browser will also provide protection when email links are clicked . In Section 7 of the paper we prototyped a server-side filtering feature which uses the tracking protection lists to filter the HTML body of emails before they reach the user . We found it to be nearly as effective as a tracking blocker running in the user 's browser .
Data , code , and paper release
You can read the paper here . We are also releasing the code and data publicly , including the all of the raw and parsed email bodies and crawls of all HTML emails . We hope that this dataset will spur additional research in this area .
Interested in hearing more from me ? Follow me on Twitter @ s_englehardt .
Thanks to Arvind Narayanan and Gunes Acar for their helpful comments on this blog post .
[ 1 ] The full list of third parties embedded in the LivingSocial example email given above are as follows :
Parties receiving an MD5 hash of the user 's email address : American List Counsel ( alcmpn.com ) , LiveIntent ( liadm.com ) , Datalogix ( nexac.com ) , Acxiom ( rlcdn.com , pippio.com , acxiom-online.com ) , Criteo ( criteo.com , emailretargeting.com ) , Conversant Media ( dotomi.com ) , V12 Data ( v12group.com ) , VideoAmp ( videoamp.com ) , Neustar ( agkn.com ) , and alocdn.com . With the exception of emailretargeting.com and agkn.com all of the previous domains also set or receive cookies .
Additional parties setting or receiving cookies : MediaMath ( mathtag.com ) , TapAd ( tapad.com ) , IPONWEB ( bidswitch.net ) , AOL ( advertising.com ) , Centro ( sitescout.com ) , The Trade Desk ( adsrvr.org ) , Adobe ( demdex.net ) , OpenX ( openx.net ) , comScore ( scorecardresearch.com , voicefive.com ) , Oracle ( bluekai.com ) , Google ( doubleclick.net ) , Realtime Targeting Aps ( mojn.com ) .
Third-party domains requested without cookies or email hash : LiveIntent ( licasd.com ) , Google ( 2mdn.net ) , Akamai ( akamai.net ) .
[ 2 ] Unless they are proxied by the user 's email server ; of the providers we studied ( Section 6.2 in the paper ) , only Gmail and Yandex do so .
[ 3 ] Our email corpus was compiled by automatically signing up for mailing lists on the top 14,700 of the Alexa top 1 million sites , in addition to the Alexa top 500 shopping and top 500 news sites . In total , we received 12,618 emails from 902 senders .
[ 4 ] We classify the intentionality of leaks using the methodology detailed in Section 4.1 of the paper .
[ 5 ] LiveIntent 's marketing material touts the benefits of email-address-based tracking over cookies . In particular they highlight that email hash allows “ Communication with clients across all screens and devices : Unlike the cookie , which represents an anonymous user , the email address represents a known customer . It 's unique to that individual , and remains persistent across all devices , apps and browsers. ” Similarly , LiveIntent also explains how targeting users with hashed email addresses allows them to continue to serve targeted ads in Gmail despite Gmail 's image proxy .
Neustar 's privacy policy states : “ [ The onboarding process ] allows advertisers to use their offline information about customer preferences ( CRM data ) … in the online environment . … We use de-identified information such as a hashed email address provided by our advertising client , to create a link between that de-identified CRM data and a Cookie ID , Mobile Advertising ID , or other persistent identifier assigned to a unique but de-identified user . That information can then be used to deliver targeted advertising… ” . and “ We also create and store linkages between and among household or individual level identifiers such as Cookie IDs , Mobile Advertising IDs , hashed email addresses and/or other persistent IDs that have been assigned to a unique but de-identified user . This process is sometimes called ‘ cross device linking ' . ”
Acxiom 's Data Service API supports data queries on an MD5 or SHA1 hash of an email address .
Conversant Media 's marketing material implies that they use email address , in addition to purchase data , to match user data across devices .
[ 6 ] For example , LiveIntent 's privacy policy states : “ We may collect identifiers that are used by our advertising partners to identify a specific individual … To de-identify this information , either we or our business partners perform a mathematical process ( commonly known as hashing ) to convert the information into a code . ”
[ 7 ] A GPU is a type of processor optimized for highly parallel tasks , and is typically used for graphics processing . GPUs can also very efficiently compute hashes . In this post , we provide price quotes for Amazon 's ` p2.16xlarge ` EC2 cloud instance .
Image assets from the Noun Project used in this post : “ Browser ” by Designify.me , “ Database ” by Aybige , “ Image ” by Alfa Design , “ HTML File ” by Burak Kucukparmaksiz , “ Computer Tower ” by Melvin .
Univision 's Sunday talker Al Punto , hosted by Jorge Ramos , is a known disseminator of gun control tropes and talking points , which are clearly aimed at eroding the rights of lawful gun owners . A recent segment suggests that the show might be taking a new approach : anti-gun activism under the guise of comedy and song .
Here 's how comedian César Muñoz ( A.K.A.Tan Tan ) , whose segment occupies the last two or three minutes of any given Al Punto broadcast , misrepresented gun owners and smeared politicians who support the right to keep and bear arms :
CESAR MUNOZ : What would the problem be if a new law was made that finally regulated arms sales ? -The problem is obvious . It 's strange you do n't know . Without gun sales who pays for the campaigns ? -Well , do you think it 's ok for people to walk around armed ? -Of course , it 's a right , one of the most fundamental . -Even when someone has mental problems ? -Without the option it would be discrimination .
Tan Tan has occupied the final segment of Al Punto for some time now . His work serves a double role . First , the news of the day is reduced to satirical song . Second , Tan Tan relieves Ramos of the burden of having to do a full show .
In a matter of seconds , Al Punto manages to levy multiple smears against lawful gun owners : Namely , that gun manufacturers directly finance campaigns , and that gun owners support the sale of firearms to those who have been adjudicated mentally deficient . Both of those are patently false , and are the latest iteration of what Jon Stewart used to call “ clown nose on-clown nose off ” - the use of comedy as a means of shielding certain policy discussions from honest debate and criticism .
It is worth noting that this segment is a reaction to the church shooting in Southerland Springs , Texas . Ramos introduced the segment by saying ,
President Donald Trump said this week that the Texas massacre where 26 people died was n't a gun issue but a mental health issue . The White House sure does n't like to talk about gun control , but Cesar Muñoz sure likes to sing about it .
By the way , Al Punto does n't often book advocates for the right to keep and bear arms because they chew Ramos up in a matter of seconds- the latest instance being Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma , who answered a gun control question before talking about his immigration proposals ... in a prior segment !
What this segment proves , more than anything else , is that no one on Al Punto seems to be able to handle serious and honest debate on guns . In the alternative , we get comedy .
Cowards .
A bill that would make South Dakota the first state in the nation to ban transgender students from using public school bathrooms and locker rooms that align with their gender identities is on the brink of becoming law .
House Bill 1008 cleared the state Senate Education Committee Thursday on a 4-2 party line vote and could pass through the Republican-controlled state Senate as early as next week . Having already been approved by the state House of Representatives , the bill would then need only the signature of Republican Gov . Dennis Daugaard to take effect .
One of four anti-LGBT measures introduced in South Dakota this session and part of a raft of anti-LGBT legislation pending nationwide , HB 1008 would restrict access to public school restrooms and locker rooms based solely on a person 's “ biological sex , ” defined in this bill as “ the physical condition of being male or female as determined by a person 's chromosomes and anatomy as identified at birth. ” Transgender students , who identify with a gender that differs from the one assigned to them at birth , would be entitled to a “ reasonable accommodation ” under this legislation – which could include a single-stall , unisex , or faculty restroom , but not the restrooms “ designated for use by students of the opposite biological sex if students of the opposite biological sex are present or could be present . ”
LGBT advocates believe the bill to be discriminatory and potentially dangerous to children who suffer from gender dysphoria , a condition the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM-5 ) defines as “ clinically significant distress ” arising in people whose gender assigned at birth differs from the one with which they identify . As treatment , the DSM-5 recommends a broad set of options including social and legal transition to the desired gender . That process , they argue , would hit a wall without access to facilities that correspond to a person 's gender identity .
“ This outrageous legislation is a blatant attack on transgender children , ” said Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin in a statement . “ These vulnerable youth deserve support and solutions to the high rates of discrimination and harassment they already face , not a deplorable message of hatred from their lawmakers . ”
Proponents of the measure , however , question the underlying science in the DSM-5 . At a legislative coffee event last weekend , Republican state Sen. David Omdahl said he planned to vote for the bill because doctors were “ treating the wrong part of the anatomy . ”
“ I 'm sorry if you 're so twisted you do n't even know who you are , ” Omdahl said of transgender individuals . “ They 're treating the wrong part of the anatomy . They ought to be treating it up here , ” he added , pointing to his forehead .
As the transgender community continues to draw more visibility and acceptance , school boards throughout the country have had to grapple with their bathroom policies . In 2014 , the Department of Education released guidance stipulating that it considered discrimination based on gender identity to be a form of sex discrimination , which is prohibited under Title IX of the 1972 Education Amendments . But the strength of that interpretation is currently being tested in federal court .
If HB 1008 passes , the Mount Rushmore State will be the first to implement a statewide ban on transgender students from using public school bathrooms in line with their gender identities .
The belief in the leader 's office that all publicity is good means they might actually think yesterday went well , writes Paul Richards
Everything was prepared . Nothing left to chance . Jeremy Corbyn 's spin doctors had crafted the new messages , and set up a raft of high-profile interviews with major broadcasters . They had prepped their boss , roleplaying Humphrey Appleby and the rest , and Corbyn was ready . The reboot . The relaunch . Corbyn 2.0 . The answer to all those cynics with their ‘ Where is Jeremy ? ' memes and cruel jokes about nap-time . And what policy could be better than a shift on freedom of movement ? It speaks to wavering Labour voters . It piles pressure on the Tories . It shows Labour gets it . The papers were given ‘ trails ' of the speech , and the killer line that Labour was no longer ‘ wedded to free movement ' .
So Team Corbyn must be jubilant with today 's headlines all about capping high incomes . Wait , what ? High incomes ? Maximum wages ? Targeting footballers . And government contractors . Or something . That was n't on the grid . There was no pre-briefing to the media . No PLP brief . No experts lined up to support the idea . Nothing , in fact . You might almost think that Corbyn went into an interview with the Today programme at 8.10am to talk about the free movement idea in his speech later that day , and instead ended up saying the first thing that came into his head .
Journalists leapt on the story like piranha . Where would the cap be set ? Above Corbyn 's own salary ? Or even higher , around , say , the sort of money paid to newspaper columnists and news anchors ? Details emerged as the Millbank media round progressed . The policy was under active discussion . It would include Premier League footballers . Although the policy had not worked in any country anywhere in the world , it would make Britain fairer , somehow . Even the inventor of Corbynomics Richard Murphy said the idea ‘ made no economic sense ' and another ex-economic adviser Danny Blanchflower called it ‘ totally idiotic ' . One of Corbyn 's spinner claimed his boss had ‘ misspoke ' while another said he meant every word . By teatime , the nation knew that Labour was against money or something like that . And footballers .
Then came the big speech , delivered in what looked like a cowshed in Peterborough hastily repainted magnolia for the occasion . Time for some straight-talking , honest politics . We are not wedded to free movement … but we do not rule it out . The line , so carefully crafted and briefed out , had changed over night . Corbyn , after a lifetime of protest , was now protesting against himself . Jeremy Corbyn had read in the mainstream media what Jeremy Corbyn was going to say about freedom of movement , and Jeremy Corbyn was n't happy about it . Jeremy Corbyn wanted it to be known that Jeremy Corbyn should not be ruling out freedom of movement , and straight-talking , honest Jeremy Corbyn should be unafraid to say so . If he wanted to be more like Donald Trump , denying things he had said earlier the same day but we all heard him say , would do it .
It was a day when the Tories were on the back foot on the National Health Service . The winter crisis , entirely the product of Tory policy , it 's costing lives . The health secretary is about to abolish the four-hour waiting time target , sending queues round the block and making patients wait for a day or more in A & E . Every single one of the NHS 's 1.4 million staff , in every community in the land , look to Labour to defend the NHS . Instead they were told Labour would , or perhaps would not , be in favour of ending , or not , freedom of movement . You can question the wisdom , as Owen Jones has done , of shifting the focus from the NHS to Brexit at the very moment the government was at its most vulnerable . Instead , Jeremy Hunt was let off the hook , notwithstanding being chased down the road by Sky 's Beth Rigby . In a parallel universe , Hunt lost his job yesterday . Instead he was thanking his lucky stars .
But even if you agreed with Team Corbyn 's decision to drop the NHS in favour of Brexit , surely no-one can agree with the decision to announce the maximum wage policy ( or Labour 's 100 per cent top rate of tax , as the Tories will no doubt call it ) . That is because there was no plan to do it . Corbyn , when asked later if it was planned , claimed it was . I think his pants are on fire . If you can show me a grid with yesterday 's date and the entry ‘ launch maximum wage policy on the Today programme ' I will eat my words . Maybe those of us brought up on message discipline , and basic techniques of handling media interviews , are out of date . We are certainly out of fashion . But after yesterday , maybe some of those old skills , which made New Labour slippery yet effective , might be revived ?
I imagine Team Corbyn think yesterday went well . They dominated the news agenda . On the principle that all publicity is good publicity , they are right . Corbyn is splashed all over the press today . Mind you , so is Trump .
———————————
Paul Richards is author of How to Be A Spin Doctor . He tweets at @ Labourpaul
———————————
Photo
Remember Mike Mika , the man who modded Donkey Kong so his daughter could play as Pauline rescuing Mario ? Well , prior to that , Mika snuck a marriage proposal into a Game Boy Colour port of the Atari puzzler Klax .
Unlike the Donkey Kong mod , this was a commercial product . Hilariously , it took Mika 's then girlfriend years to uncover it .
Mika recalled his story in a video interview with Wired . `` She loves puzzle games , I 'm doing a puzzle game now , so let me just put that out there and she will find this thing in the game , '' he said of his thought process at the time .
`` I leave the Game Boy out , I urge her to play it , and she never picks it up , '' he laughed . `` This goes on for literally , I think , almost like years now . It was like three years . '' [ Editor 's note : Originally I misheard the video and thought Mika said `` eight years now , '' when upon relistening to it for the umpteenth time , it became clear that he said `` like years now . '' ]
`` So do I propose to her normal , or I have this thing here that 's really cool , but I ca n't get her to play it , ever ? ''
It would have been really embarrassing if she said no and he was stuck with this in the game . Thankfully this dark alternate reality was avoided .
Mika explained that one day Tips & Tricks magazine called and asked if he had any special codes that had never been revealed to the public . And boy did he ever ! Tips & Tricks published the piece , specifically calling Mika 's girlfriend out by name and telling her what code to put into the game .
`` I left that out one night with the magazine and the game , everything queued up , and I ca n't really be here or she 'll tell me to do it , so I get out of the house , '' Mika said . `` I just kinda drove around a little bit and she came home , checked it out , and it was a proposal .... she calls me up on the phone - like with 'yes ! ' The rest is kinda history after that . ''
Personally , I would have gone for hiding in the closet so I could be around to witness the momentous occasion , but it 's hard to argue with Mika 's dedication . Amazingly , this was n't the only hidden content Mika snuck into Klax . He noted that he also tossed in a a Snake-like mini-game as well as a little adventure game in the European version . `` It 's almost like this little Zelda , '' he joked .
RIGA/VILNIUS ( Reuters ) - Nervously eyeing Russian naval maneuvers and military flights near their borders , the three ex-Soviet Baltic states fear they may emerge as the next geopolitical flashpoint after Ukraine in a confrontation that could test their cherished Western ties .
With President Barack Obama heading to Estonia on Wednesday on a visit designed to underline U.S. solidarity with the Balts ahead of a NATO summit in Wales , the three tiny republics are renewing calls for troops on the ground and military help .
In their comments on the Ukraine crisis , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania are more hawkish than their Western partners . Anchored in NATO , unlike Ukraine , they have far less cause to fear a full-blown Russian military invasion , but they worry about cyber-attacks and other more stealthy forms of aggression .
“ Practically Russia is in a state of war against Europe , ” Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite said on Saturday , urging Europe to supply Kiev with arms to defeat pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine .
Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves called the Ukraine crisis “ an undeclared war ” .
The Baltic states , which only regained their independence from Moscow in 1991 , are acutely aware of their vulnerability to Russian pressure , not least because of their heavy reliance on Russian energy and their sizeable ethnic Russian minorities - both salient factors also in the Ukraine crisis .
“ The hardcore anti-Russians , mostly older generations , are generally afraid of tanks crossing the border like in the 1940s , ” said Catlyn Kirna , a lecturer in international relations at Tallinn University in Estonia , referring to Moscow 's forcible annexation of the three countries during World War Two .
“ More moderate people fear a loss of independence , falling under Russian influence , they are fearful of Russian money invading politics … and the Russian minority here also causes a lot of fear , ” she added .
JITTERS
Russia certainly seems to be testing the Balts ' vigilance .
Last week , NATO jets were scrambled several times to intercept Russian bombers and fighters approaching Baltic airspace . Latvia spotted Russian submarines 23 nautical miles away from its territorial waters .
And this is not a new pattern that has emerged only since the Ukraine crisis . Last year , NATO scrambled jets more than 40 times to check on Russian jets approaching Baltic borders , compared to once in 2004 when NATO first began patrolling here .
The jitters have extended to the Balts ' neutral Scandinavian neighbors , Finland and Sweden , which are in the EU but not NATO . Finland has accused Russia , its tsarist-era ruler , of violating its airspace three times in less than a week .
Sweden put its top military staff on higher alert last week after having moving quick-response fighter jets to the island of Gotland in the Baltic Sea .
The Balts ' deepest fear is that their NATO allies - with the notable exception of Poland - do not take seriously enough the threat they see from President Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
“ The Baltic countries are n't worried about immediate Russian actions themselves as much as they fear that their allies in the West do not seem to understand what is going on or ... do not want to take appropriate measures , ” said Lithuanian political scientist Vykintas Pugaciauskas .
Without a strong Western response , the Baltic states fear Russia could create permanent instability through the use of soft power from energy to cyberattacks .
“ The biggest threat at the moment is not an open invasion but so-called ‘ hybrid warfare ' , which encompasses informational warfare , cyberattacks , “ false flag ” attacks or attacks with ‘ plausible deniability ' , ” said Pugaciauskas .
Possible flashpoints include Kaliningrad , a Russian enclave tucked between Poland , Lithuania and the Baltic sea that is home to Russia 's Baltic fleet . Like Ukraine 's Crimea region in the Black Sea annexed by Moscow in March , Kaliningrad has no land border with Russia proper .
Lithuanian officials have said Russia could disrupt a new LNG terminal - named “ Independence ” - due to come online in December as the Balts ' first alternative supply to Gazprom , Russia 's giant state-run natural gas company .
Grybauskaite has urged “ informational warfare ” to counter Russian influence . Many of Lithuania 's ethnic Russians watch Russian TV and the president has proposed limiting broadcasts in “ languages other than the official languages of the European Union ” - a move which would exclude Russian .
“ Russia can not compete with the whole of Europe , ” said Artis Pabriks , Latvia 's former defense minister and now a member of the European Parliament . “ But Putin can focus on weaker spots like the Baltics , destabilizing countries economically and then adding to the mix cyberattacks and some ethnic sentiments . ”
The presidents of Latvia and Lithuania will join their Estonian counterpart in Tallinn to meet Obama on Wednesday . One Lithuanian government official said they would use their talks to “ kindle the fire ” of his resolve to defend their region .
At the NATO summit in Wales on Thursday and Friday , the Baltic states will press for some kind of deployment of NATO troops , building on increased air patrols already announced by the North Atlantic alliance this year .
But there is scepticism among the Balts about how much the summit can achieve , given that some key allies have opposed a permanent military base as too much of a provocation for Russia .
“ It is important that Obama is coming , ” said Pabriks . “ The risk is he gives a nice speech - but what actually do we do ? ”
American Idol producer 19 Entertainment and their parent company Core Media have inked a deal with Varsity Vocals to develop an unscripted series that chronicles the nation 's premiere , Pitch Perfect-inspiring a cappella tournament .
Amanda Newman , the executive director for Varsity Vocals — which she likens to “ the NCAA for a cappella ” — tells TVLine the series “ will follow the ICCA , which is the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella , through the whole tournament series , ” including local , regional and final rounds .
( Newman announced the partnership on Saturday night at the ICCA International finals in NYC , our sister site Deadline first reported . )
RELATED | American Idol : What Should the Top 4 Sing for One-Hit Wonders/Contestant 's Choice ?
“ The idea is to show what you saw in Pitch Perfect , ” the crowd-pleasing 2012 movie starring Anna Camp , Brittany Snow and Rebel Wilson and “ based on a true story about our tournament , ” Newman says . “ It 'd show the groups going through all the rounds of the tournament leading up to the finals , and also show a bit of the students ' backgrounds . ”
RELATED | NBC Renews The Sing-Off for Season 4
Newman stresses that the project is not scripted and “ not at all ” a soundstage-based singing competition à la NBC 's The Sing-Off , which was recently renewed for Season 4 in the wake of Pitch Perfect ‘ s big buzz . Instead , “ It will follow the real tournaments that already exist , ” she says .
No further details are available at this time ; Core Media/19 Entertainment did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Police are appealing for help after a woman was raped in a car park by a predator she met on a night out in Leeds .
CCTV images of a man detectives want to find have been released following the incident in the city centre .
The 30-year-old victim met the man in Milo bar , on Call Lane , in the early hours of Saturday .
They left at about 2.30am to go to another bar , but he then took her to a car park on Crown Street behind the Corn Exchange where he attacked her .
It is believed he fled when passers-by disturbed him .
The attacker was white , aged about 25 , with messy , spiked hair and broad shoulders .
He was described as wearing a shirt and jeans and smelled of Hugo Boss aftershave .
Detective Inspector Marc Bowes , of Leeds District CID , said : “ We urgently need to identify and trace the man involved in this incident . I would appeal for anyone who recognises him from the CCTV images to contact us immediately . “ I would also like to hear from anyone who was in Milo bar and saw the suspect with the victim and from anyone who thinks they could be the passers-by who disturbed him at the car park . ”
Call Leeds District CID on 101 .
Barcelona already have a shortlist for their next boss and are 'fans ' of Mauricio Pochettino
Barcelona have already started the search for Luis Enrique 's replacement and are `` big fans '' of Mauricio Pochettino 's work , says Guillem Balague .
Enrique made the shock announcement that he 's walking away from Barcelona in the wake of Wednesday night 's 6-1 La Liga victory over Sporting Gijon .
The 46-year-old confirmed that he has decided to step down when his contract expires this summer .
Who will be Luis Enrique 's replacement ?
Attention has already turned to who is set to replace Enrique and Balague has revealed that the club 's hierarchy have already drawn up a shortlist of candidates .
Sevilla manager Jorge Sampaoli is the early favourite with the bookmakers , but Balague thinks Barça will look to appoint someone who already has an association with the club or the city .
Everton 's Ronald Koeman , who was a key man in Johan Cruyff 's very successful Barcelona team as a player , is second favourite , while Pochettino is also among the market leaders .
Although he signed a five-year deal with Spurs in the summer , Pochettino spent over a decade in Barcelona as a player and manager with Barça 's city rivals Espanyol and he reportedly still owns a home there .
`` The club have got a shortlist , they 've spoken to people , '' Balague said .
`` They left out their impressions on coaches who are already in jobs and some that are at the end of their contracts . Some of them , I 'm sure , have already been given the call . It includes Ernesto Valverde and Laurent Blanc .
Highlights from Barcelona 's 6-1 win over Sporting Gijon from the Nou Camp in La Liga Highlights from Barcelona 's 6-1 win over Sporting Gijon from the Nou Camp in La Liga
`` I know that Pochettino has got a lot of fans at Barcelona .
`` Jorge Sampaoli is pushing himself but every time I ask the club they say he 's not the man because they want somebody who understands the club , either by being a player there or just being close to the club . There 's mention of Ronald Koeman of course , Eusebio Sacristan has just extended his contract at Real Sociedad .
`` Top of that list could be Laurent Blanc or Ernesto Valverde . ''
New customers : Grab a NOW TV Sky Sports Month Pass for £20pm for the first 2 months and catch a blockbuster period of live Sky Sports action . No contract .
The city of Lakewood is the `` most boring '' place in the state of California , according to a new report published on real estate company Movoto 's blog .
Randy Nelson from Movoto writes :
Lakewood is home to the first Denny 's , which should be reason enough for it to sit atop our list of California 's most boring locales ( although we do always chuckle a little when we think about “ Moons Over My Hammy ” ) . Knowing this fact , it should really come as little surprise that Lakewood is also the absolute worst in the state for fast food per capita ( which , despite its name , is terribly boring ) and as a percentage of total restaurants ( 24 percent ) .
Movoto 's `` boredom '' rankings were produced after compiling and studying a list of the 100 most populated places in California .
The six main criteria studied on a per capita basis were :
Nightlife ( bars , clubs , comedy , etc . )
Live music venues
Active life options ( parks , outdoor activities , etc . )
Fast food restaurants
Percentage of restaurants that are fast food
Percentage of young residents ages 20-34
Similar criteria was used in Movoto 's previous list of the `` 10 Best Places in California . '' ( The city of Orange took the number one spot ) .
Movoto explains how it was able to produce the results :
We ranked each of the 100 places on our list from 1 to 100 across the criteria , where a one was the most boring number . Then , we averaged these individual rankings into one Big Deal Score , and the lower that was , the more boring as well .
Here 's the list of the top 10 most boring places in California , including many Southern California locales :
1 . City of Lakewood
2 . City of Lancaster
3 . City of West Covina
4 . City of Victorville
5 . City of Merced
6 . City of Alhambra
7 . City of Ontario
8 . City of Modesto
9 . City of Hesperia
10 . City of Carson
Here 's a full list of the top 50 boring places in California .
Do you agree with the findings ? Do you think the city of Lakewood is the most boring place in California ? Drop us a line on social media @ KPCC .
Director Bryan Singer brought some of his X-Men Apocalypse cast members with him to Montreal Grand Prix and one of the photos he took of the event has provided us with our first look at a hat-less Alexandra Shipp .
Shipp , best known for playing KT Rush on the show House of Anubis , is playing Storm ( Ororo Munroe ) the mutant that can control the weather . Until today , we 've only seen her with a hat on covering up whatever hairstyle the X-Men stylist have chosen for her character .
Now we can see that Shipp is bald . Does that mean Storm will be bald in the film ? Maybe . Storm has featured a bald head in the comics before , like during Jim Lee 's 1990s run of Uncanny X-Men . Although , there is better shot that Shipp 's hair was removed to make a wig fit better . Perhaps , a mohawk wig ?
My girls ! @ sophiet @ alexandrashipppp @ gg_parker @ redbullracing F1 Montreal # Xmen # XmenApocalypse A photo posted by Bryan Singer ( @ bryanjaysinger ) on Jun 7 , 2015 at 12:12pm PDT
At the 2015 Grand Prix Montreal @ redbullracing with my friends # hutchparker # johndykstra # michaelfassbender # jamesmcavoy # nicholashoult A photo posted by Bryan Singer ( @ bryanjaysinger ) on Jun 7 , 2015 at 11:33am PDT
X-Men : Apocalypse will open in theaters May 27 , 2016
`` Rajendra Chola '' redirects here . For Rajendra Chola II , see Rajendra Chola II
Rajendra Chola I or Rajendra I was a Chola emperor of South India ( Present day Tamilnadu , Andhra pradesh , Kerala , Part of karnataka and Telangana ) who succeeded his father Rajaraja Chola I to the throne in 1014 CE . He is considered as one of the greatest emperors of India . During his reign , he extended the influence of the Chola empire to the banks of the river Ganga in North India and across the Indian ocean to the West and South East Asia , making the Chola Empire one of the most powerful empires of India . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Rajendra 's conquests included Sri Lanka , Maldives , and he successfully invaded the territories of Srivijaya in Malaysia , Southern Thailand and Indonesia in South East Asia . [ 5 ] [ 7 ] The Cholas exacted tribute from Thailand and the Khmer kingdom of Cambodia . He defeated Mahipala , the Pala king of Gauda in present day Bengal and Bihar , and to commemorate his victory he assumed the title of Gangaikondachola [ 8 ] literally the Chola who conquered the ( kingdoms near ) Ganga and built a new capital city called Gangaikonda Cholapuram . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Early life and ascension [ edit ]
Rajendra Chola I was the son of Rajaraja Chola and Thiripuvana Madeviyar , princess of Kodumbalur . He was born on Thiruvathirai in the Tamil month of Aadi . He was originally called Maduranthagan . He spent most of his childhood in Palayarai and was brought up by his aunt Kundavai and great-grandmother Sembian Madevi . He was made the co-regent in 1012 CE . Rajendra formally ascended the Chola throne in 1014 CE . In 1018 CE , he installed his eldest son Rajadhiraja Chola I as the crown prince . [ 11 ] [ dubious – discuss ]
Military conquests [ edit ]
Early campaigns [ edit ]
Rajendra led campaigns from 1002 CE . These include the conquest of the Rashtrakutas and the campaigns against the Western Chalukyas . He conquered the Chalukyan territories of Yedatore ( a large part of the Raichur district between the Krishna and the Tungabhadra ) , Banavasi in the north-west of Mysore and capital Manyakheta . Rajendra erected a Siva temple at Bhatkal . In 1004 CE , he captured Talakad and overthrew the Western Ganga dynasty which had ruled over Mysore for almost 1000 years . [ citation needed ] He also conquered Kollipakkai , located to the north of Hyderabad in present-day Telangana . An excerpt from an inscription in Tamil from Kolar states :
In the 8th year of the reign of Kopparakesarivanmar sri Rajendra Sola Deva , who , while the goddess of Fortune , having become constant , increased , and while the goddess of the great Earth , the goddess of victory in battle and the matchless goddess of Fame , having become his great queens , rejoiced-that in his extended lifetime , conquered with his great war-like army Idaiturai-nadu , Vanavasi shut in by a fence of continuous forests ; Kollipakkai , whose walls were surrounded by sulli trees ; Mannaikkadakkam whose fortification was unapproachable . [ 12 ]
Conquest of Sri Lanka [ edit ]
Raja Raja Chola I conquered the northern half of Sri Lanka during his reign . Rajendra invaded Ceylon in 1017 CE and annexed the entire island . [ 13 ] As a result of the campaign , Rajendra captured the regal jewels of the Pandyas , which Parantaka I tried to capture and the crown of the Sinhala king . The Sinhala king Mahinda V was taken prisoner and transported to the Chola country .
Pandyas and Cheras [ edit ]
In 1018 CE , Rajendra marched across the Pandya and Chera kingdoms referred in the Tamil Copper-plate inscriptions . The territories were already conquered during the reign of Raja Raja I . [ 11 ] Rajendra appointed one of his sons as viceroy with the title Jatavarman Sundara Chola-Pandya with Madurai as the headquarters .
Chalukyan conflict [ edit ]
In 1015 CE , Jayasimha II became the king of Western Chalukyas . He tried to recover the losses suffered by his predecessor Satyashraya , who fled his capital and was later restored to the throne by Raja Raja I as a tribute paying subordinate . Initially , Jayasimha II was successful as Rajendra was busy with his campaigns in Sri Lanka . [ 14 ] In 1021 CE , after the demise of the Eastern Chalukyan king Vimaladitya of Vengi , Jayasimha supported the claim of Vijayaditya VII to the throne against the claims of Rajaraja Narendra . Rajaraja Narendra was the son of Vimaladitya and Chola princess Kundavai . [ 14 ] Rajendra helped his nephew Rajaraja defeat Vijayaditya . [ 15 ] His armies defeated Vijayadiya in Vengi and Jayasimha in the battle of Maski . [ 14 ]
Gangaikonda Cholapuram was built by Rajendra Chola to celebrate his success in the Ganges Expedition
Brihadeeswarar temple inscription reading `` Gangaikondacholan ''
Expedition to the Ganges [ edit ]
In 1019 CE , Rajendra 's forces marched through Kalinga towards the river Ganga . In Kalinga the Chola forces defeated Indraratha the ruler of the Somavamsi Dynasty . [ 16 ] The Chola army eventually reached the Pala kingdom of Bengal where they defeated Mahipala . The Chola army also defeated the last ruler of the Kamboja Pala dynasty Dharmapala of Dandabhukti . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] The Chola army went on to raid East Bengal and defeated Govindachandra of the Chandra dynasty and invaded Bastar region . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] The territories held the status of tribute paying subordinates and trade partners with the Chola Kingdom , an arrangement that lasted till the times of Kulothunga III . [ 21 ] He constructed a new capital at Gangaikondacholapuram and built the Brihadeeswarar Temple similar to the Brihadeeswarar Temple at Thanjavur .
Rajendra Chola 's Territories c. 1030 CE
South East Asian expedition [ edit ]
Srivijaya was a kingdom centered on Palembang in Sumatra , ruled by the Sailendra dynasty . During the reign of Mara Vijayatungavarman , Srivijaya had cordial relations with the Chola Empire during the reign of Rajaraja Chola I ; Mara Vijayatungavarman built a Chudamani Vihara at Nagapattinam . Mara was succeeded by Sangrama Vijayatunggavarman .
Khmer Emperor Suryavarman I made war on the kingdom of Tambralinga ( in the Malay Peninsula ) . Suryavarman I requested aid from Rajendra . [ 22 ] [ 23 ] After learning of Suryavarman 's alliance with Rajendra Chola , Tambralinga requested aid from Srivijaya , which was granted by Sangrama . [ 22 ] [ 24 ] This eventually led to the Chola expedition against the Srivijiya Empire . This alliance somewhat also had a religious nuance , since both the Chola Empire and the Khmer Empire were Hindu Shivaist , while Tambralinga and Srivijaya were Mahayana Buddhist .
In 1025 CE , Rajendra led Chola forces across the Indian Ocean and invaded Srivijaya , attacking several places in Malaysia and Indonesia . [ 25 ] The Chola sacked Kadaram ( the capital ) and Pannai in Sumatra and Malaiyur in the Malay Peninsula . Rajendra also invaded Tambralinga and the Langkasuka Kingdom in modern Malaysia and south Thailand . [ 10 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] The Chola forces captured the last ruler of the Sailendra Dynasty Sangrama Vijayatunggavarman . [ 28 ] The Chola invasion was the end of Srivijaya . [ 29 ] [ 30 ] Srivijaya 's maritime power declined under Chola attack . [ 31 ] After this the Chola Empire conquered large portions of Srivijaya , including its ports of Ligor , Kedah , and Tumasik ( now Singapore ) . [ 31 ] [ 32 ] The Chola invasion furthered the expansion of Tamil merchant associations such as the Manigramam , Ayyavole , and Ainnurruvar into Southeast Asia . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ] For the next century , Tamil trading companies from southern India dominated Southeast Asia . [ 29 ] [ 30 ] The expedition of Rajendra Chola I is mentioned in the corrupted form as Raja Chulan in the medieval Malay chronicle Sejarah Melaya , and Malay princes have names ending with Cholan or Chulan , such as Raja Chulan of Perak . [ 37 ] [ 38 ] [ 39 ] [ 40 ] [ 41 ] One record of Rajendra Chola describes him as the King of Lamuri in north Sumatra . [ 42 ] The Chola invasion led to the fall of the Sailendra Dynasty of Srivijaya and the Chola invasion also coincides with the return voyage of the great Buddhist scholar Atiśa from Sumatra to India in 1025 . [ 43 ]
Work and legacy [ edit ]
Rajendra Chola built a vast artificial lake , sixteen miles long and three miles wide which was one of the largest man-made lakes in India . [ 45 ] The fortified capital of Rajendra Chola was of impressive grandeur and Ottakoothar states , On seeing Gangapuri , all fourteen worlds encircled by the billowing ocean are overwhelmed with joy . [ 45 ] [ 46 ] The extent of the empire was the widest in India and the military and naval prestige was at its highest . [ 47 ] The successful invasions of Rajendra Chola were applauded by several medieval Tamil poets like Jayamkondan in his text Kalingattupparani and Ottakkoothar in his text Ula . [ 48 ]
After his successful campaign to the Ganges river in north India he got the title Gangaikonda Chola ( The Chola who took the Ganges river ) . And after his successful Southeast Asian campaign he got the title `` Kadaram Kondan '' ( He who took Kedah in Malaysia ) . [ 48 ] He founded a new capital city called Gangaikonda Cholapuram and built a Shiva temple similar to the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple built by his father Rajaraja Chola . He expanded the Pathirakali Amman Temple and Koneswaram temple of Trincomalee . [ 45 ] He inherited the title Mummudi Cholan ( Chola with three crowns ) from his father with Mummudi , a title used by Tamil kings who ruled the three kingdoms of Cholas , Pandyas and Cheras . [ 49 ] To commemorate his conquests , Rajendra assumed other titles such as Mudigonda Cholan and Irattapadikonda Cholan .
The Malay-language Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain was written about Alexander the Great as Dhul-Qarnayn and from it the ancestry of several Southeast Asian royal families is traced to Iskandar Zulkarnain , [ 50 ] through Rajendra Chola ( Raja Suran , Raja Chola ) in the Malay Annals , such as the Sumatran Minangkabau royalty . [ 51 ] [ 52 ]
Personal life and family [ edit ]
Rajendra Chola had many consorts including Tribuvana or Vanavan Mahadeviar , Mukkokilan , Arindhavan Madevi and Viramadevi , last of whom committed sati upon Rajendra Chola 's death . This act is mentioned in an inscription dated in 26th year of the reign of Rajadhiraja Chola I . It is stated therein that the brother of Viramadevi , a general of Rajendra Chola set up a watershed to quench the thirst of his sister 's spirit . [ 53 ] The Siddanta Saravali of Trilochana Sivacharya who was a contemporary of Kulothunga III states that Rajendra was a poet and he composed hymns in praise of Shiva . Rajendra had three sons namely Rajadhiraja Chola , Rajendra Chola II and Virarajendra Chola , who followed him on the Chola throne in succession . He had two daughters Pranaar Arul Mozhi Nangai and Ammanga Devi . His campaigns were led by general Senapati Narakkan Sri Krishnan Raman . [ 54 ] [ 55 ]
Inscriptions [ edit ]
An inscription of the king from the Adhipuriswara temple in Chengalpattu district gives his natal star as Tiruvadarai . Donations were made to the temple to celebrate the king 's birthday in the month of Maargali [ 56 ] . Another inscription from the Umamahesvara temple in Konerirajapuram , Thanjavur district refers to the donations by Alvar Parantakan Kundavai-Pirattiyar during the third year of the king 's reign . [ 57 ]
Popular culture [ edit ]
India 's navy training ship TS Rajendra was named in his honour . [ 58 ]
Vengayin Maindhan by Akilan covers the life and achievements of Rajendra Chola
by Akilan covers the life and achievements of Rajendra Chola Gangapuri Kavalan by Vembu Vikiraman in which Rajendra Chola is the protagonist
by Vembu Vikiraman in which Rajendra Chola is the protagonist Mannan Magal by Sandilyan set in the period of Rajendra Chola
by Sandilyan set in the period of Rajendra Chola Gangai Konda Cholan by Balakumaran
by Balakumaran Ulagam Vendra Cholan by Bharathika which covers the War history and Life Achievements
by Bharathika which covers the War history and Life Achievements the state of Maharashtra proposed to dedicate Rajendra Chola 's portrait to Mazgaon Docks [ 59 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Schmidt , Karl Ludwig ( 1997 ) . An Atlas and Survey of South Asian History ( Sources and Studies in World History ) . Armonk , N.Y : M.E . Sharpe . ISBN 1-56324-334-2 .
R. Hall , Kenneth ( October 1975 ) . Khmer Commercial Development and Foreign Contacts under Sūryavarman I , Journal of the Economic and Social History of the Orient 18 ( 3 ) , pp . 318–336 . Brill Publishers
( 3 ) , pp . 318–336 . Brill Publishers Śrīnidhiḥ : perspectives in Indian archaeology , art , and culture by K. R. Srinivasan , K. V. Raman
I understand that the potato salad Kickstarter thing is supposed to be funny and reveal how silly people are and how any project can get funding ( despite the many projects that I 've seen created by people of colour not reach funding peak ) . But I do n't see this . I see privilege and people who already have resources getting more . I see myself creating ( while plagiarized and demanded to offer free labor ) and still struggling at times–and people can really save their breath about nonsensical meritocracy myths or anything similar because I have a long resume , skills , bla bla bla , so do n't even–but a potato salad fundraiser has raised almost the most that I have ever earned in an entire year .
But…my point is n't even about the aforementioned at the moment .
Why is this kinda hurtful to me and not even remotely funny to me ? Because when I tried to raise money for my brother who was brutally beaten last December ( he 's doing a lot better now but is still healing ) , I received rape threats , death threats and dealt with Whites who contacted GoFundMe itself to shut my campaign down , calling me a liar , without any evidence whatsoever , solely because a Black woman was raising funds for a Black man . For medical help . Not potato salad . Medical help . Surgeries and physical therapy . Even if people did n't donate to my campaign those months ago ( and it 's closed now and page deleted ; no need to reblog that campaign post ) , they did n't have to threaten me and try to shut it down either . They could 've ignored me .
Clearly this is not just about “ people can do whatever they want with their money ” or any similar rationale . And , I understand GoFundMe and Kickstarter are different ; I also know good and well that the same thing would have happened if I used Kickstarter or any other fundraising site . The abuse that I deal with online follows me to any space .
Yesterday on Twitter I mentioned that I need a new computer because my computer has been put to work hard for six years of extremely heavy use as a writer and photographer ( and for part of it I was in grad school ) , and it is regularly acting up and near death I suspect . Several awesome Twitter buddies mentioned that I should make a GoFundMe to raise money for one since people are in fact consuming my content and that content wo n't exist without a computer . But honestly , I got worried that even making that page might mean the same threats and people trying to get the campaign shut down would happen again . I mean , a Black face asking for a couple of thousand dollars ( because I need a certain level of computer as a photographer to mirror what I have now and a cheapo laptop wo n't cut it ; I am also trying to move , which is expensive as hell , and it is hard to get the computer at the same time as negotiating a move ) might mean more assaults on top of the hourly trolling and abuse that I experience online already . Thus , I really do n't know about a new computer fundraising page right now .
Meanwhile , ha ha potato salad . Whatever .
Today , chairman of the Federal Trade Communications Commission , Ajit Pai outlined his new plan to loosen the FCC 's oversight of internet service providers . As expected , his dream plan effectively kills off many of the ideas of net neutrality .
Advertisement
During a speech today , Pai outlined his plan , the full text of which we 'll see tomorrow . The plan attacks the 2015 ruling that treated internet providers like traditional utilities , like a telephone company , under what 's known as Title II of the Communications Act . This meant ISPs were subjected to tougher , utility-style regulations . While the Title II mandates had no effect on the price of services , they did require internet providers to follow a few rules , including : no blocking of sites , no paid “ fast ” lanes , and no throttling of speeds . Which is largely all beneficial for consumers .
For example , Title II meant that a company like Comcast could not throttle your speeds just because you watched too much Netflix , or in turn give Netflix a priority fast lane to provide higher quality streaming exclusively for Comcast users . The rules applied to wireless and wired providers . It also paved the way for regulations meant to protect your privacy , which Congress overturned before they could even take effect . As you 'd expect , ISPs were n't fans of Title II because it meant they were subject to countless rules and oversight .
Pai 's plan is still vague in details , but he gave us broad strokes . The new plan would reclassify internet providers as Title I information services again , moving most oversight from the FCC back to the FTC . This is n't necessarily true , because while the FTC is prohibited from regulating common carrier , removing the common carrier designation wo n't necessarily give the FTC authority . That would likely take another action by Congress .
Advertisement
Pai also argued that by rolling back the government oversight , the competition would encourage ISPs to spend more on their broadband networks and increase high-speed internet access across the United States . This in turn would theoretically create jobs for the workers who lay those data-filled pipelines . It 's unclear what the effect here would actually be though , since as the Consumerist points out , there is n't much evidence that ISPs have slowed down funding since the rules took hold . The truth is , we just do n't really know what , if any jobs were effected , so it 's hard to say what 'll happen in the future .
As for privacy , the return of authority to the FTC would supposedly lay the groundwork to allow the FTC to sue companies that violate privacy policies . ( But as we already mentioned , Congress already voted to let companies sell your data . ) Pai also tossed in an oddly subtext-filled rant suggesting that those who support free speech should n't support a measure that gives the government more control over the internet , saying , “ We see it when members of the Federal Election Commission seek to restrict political speech and regulate online platforms like the Drudge Report . ”
Advertisement
Generally speaking Pai 's view can be summed up pretty simply : the government did nothing to regulate the internet between 1995 and 2015 and everything was fine , therefore it will be fine if the government does nothing in the future ( though it 's worth pointing out that DSL and dial-up fell under Title II ) .
But there is a lot of opposition to the measure and widespread support for net neutrality from the likes of Google , Netflix , Facebook , and others . Most consumer-advocate groups support classifying ISPs as common carriers because it allows the government to ban awful practices , like blocking internet traffic . For their part , tech companies sent a letter to Pai on Wednesday , arguing that weakening net neutrality rules would “ impede traffic from our services to favor their own service or established competitors. ” In normal human speak , their worry is that a company like Time-Warner/Spectrum would provide faster , better access to their own services and throttle competitors .
Beyond that , consumer groups , like Fight for the Future , argue that Pai 's new rules could potentially allow for internet censorship , the exact opposite claim that Pai himself made . The suggestion here is that any ISP could block access to certain web sites or services because they 're competition , or because a government leans on them to do so . Net neutrality ensures that all sites , services , and apps are all treated equally and openly .
Advertisement
The final plan will be voted on by the FCC at a meeting on May 18th . If it 's approved , Pai will seek public feedback on the plan , and then months of debate are likely to follow .
The union for a former city employee , who allegedly cursed out and assaulted his supervisor , wanted the city to cough up money to compensate for his firing , according to evidence heard in an arbitration hearing where the city 's auditor general gave emotional testimony about this “ aggressive bully . ”
The arbitrator 's decision this month lays out the city 's case for turfing the employee for a pattern of disturbing behaviour while working for the City of Ottawa . The employee 's name is n't revealed in the decision .
Instead of the employee 's reinstatement , CUPE Local 503 wanted the arbitration panel to award a sum of money from the city .
The breaking point for the city was a confrontation between the employee , a 52-year-old water meter reader with 22 years experience working for the city , and his supervisor on Jan. 8 , 2010 . The employee apparently skipped 100 reads on his route on back-to-back days and snapped at his boss when confronted about it .
The termination letter , which is included in the arbitration decision , says the employee delivered a “ torrent of verbal abuse ” toward the supervisor before “ driving ” his elbow into the supervisor 's sternum .
At one point , the employee allegedly launched a profanity-laced barrage against his boss , calling him a “ fat f * * * * * * c * * * * * * * * * . ”
The city was so concerned about the employee 's behaviour , it asked him to be subjected to a psychological assessment , especially since there were already blemishes on his employment record .
It started in 2008 with a letter of reprimand for failure to perform duties , excess mileage claims , unauthorized leave and “ inappropriate confrontational behaviour . ”
In 2009 he was suspended for five days for a variety of reasons , including time theft , breach of trust and “ continued insubordination ” that included derogatory behaviour .
After that , there was a three-day suspension for aggressive and intimidating behaviour and failing to perform duties .
The employee was placed in the water meter reading job because he could n't work well with others in a previous position .
The January 2010 incident showed “ a very serious escalation of inappropriate behaviour and displays of anger in the workplace , ” the termination letter said . It was signed by Ken Hughes , who is currently the auditor general , but at the time was deputy treasurer in charge of revenue , which included the water meter work .
The arbitration decision says Hughes gave “ emotional testimony ” about the employee 's behaviour and it quoted Hughes , who testified , “ I worked very hard to build a respectful workplace ” and said he felt he had failed his staff , particularly the supervisors who had to deal with the difficult employee .
According to the arbitration decision , Hughes called the employee “ an aggressive bully ” during his testimony .
The decision says the employee saw a psychologist in February 2010 . The city wanted to know if the employee , who was just a few years away from retirement , had a condition that required special accommodation at work .
The psychologist found that the employee did n't have a condition , but instead some “ personality traits ” that made him compulsive , paranoid and narcissistic .
The arbitration panel chair wrote that the employee has shown no remorse . “ To the contrary , well after the events in question ( the employee ) was still declaring that his supervisor ‘ got what he deserved ' , ” the arbitrator wrote .
The firing was justified and there should n't be compensation , the arbitration panel concluded .
However , the panel ordered that the employee be compensated for a 9.5-week period in which he was placed on unpaid leave .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Gary J. Bass is professor of politics and international affairs at Princeton University and author of The Blood Telegram : Nixon , Kissinger , and a Forgotten Genocide .
Can we please stop already with the tributes to Henry Kissinger ? As more and more material gets declassified , there are periodic exposures of his uglier deeds . Walter Isaacson 's biography showed in detail how Kissinger had the FBI put wiretaps on journalists and government officials , including some of his own top staffers . A couple of years ago , it was revealed that back in 1975 , while discussing how the Khmer Rouge had killed tens of thousands , he told Thailand 's foreign minister , “ You should also tell the Cambodians ” —the Khmer Rouge— “ that we will be friends with them . They are murderous thugs , but we wo n't let that stand in our way. ” More recently , an Oval Office tape was released that captured Kissinger in 1973 saying , “ if they put Jews into gas chambers in the Soviet Union , it is not an American concern . Maybe a humanitarian concern . ”
And yet Kissinger continues to be publicly lionized in some circles . After his remarkably successful decades-long marketing campaign , he can still call upon an impressive array of friends and cronies to promote him , give him fancy awards or explicitly exonerate him in the press . Last June , at his gala black-tie 90th birthday party at the St. Regis Hotel in New York , the guests included Bill Clinton , Hillary Rodham Clinton , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , Condoleezza Rice , Donald Rumsfeld , Barbara Walters , Tina Brown and hundreds more . Secretary of State John Kerry hailed him as an “ indispensable statesman , ” while Senator John McCain told a reporter , “ I know of no individual who is more respected in the world than Henry Kissinger . ”
Story Continued Below
Just this week , Kissinger will be speaking at the Center for the National Interest ( CNI ) , a Washington think tank dedicated to realism and therefore regular encomiums to its most famous practitioner . Once again , he is more likely to be acclaimed than to face serious questions about , for instance , the 1972 “ Christmas bombing ” of Hanoi and Haiphong or the civilian death toll from the massive bombing of Cambodia .
* * *
Of all the incidents in Kissinger 's dark past , one of the least defensible must be his and President Richard Nixon 's staunch support of Pakistan 's military dictatorship while it carried out a bloody crackdown on its restive Bengali population in 1971 . As Nixon 's national security adviser , Kissinger stood behind Pakistan—a Cold War ally that prized its close military and diplomatic relationship with the United States—even as it swept away the results of a democratic election , killed horrific numbers of Bengalis and targeted the Hindu minority among Bengalis . He reserved his vitriol for India . And he trashed the career of Archer Blood , the brave U.S. consul general in Dhaka who , while witnessing and documenting the onslaught against the Bengalis , dissented from the White House 's pro-Pakistan policy . Here is a case where you 'd think that even Kissinger 's most ardent defenders might settle for an embarrassed silence .
Not so . Confronted with the facts in my new book , The Blood Telegram : Nixon , Kissinger , and a Forgotten Genocide , Robert D. Blackwill makes a plea for sympathy—not for the hundreds of thousands of Bengalis killed , nor for the 10 million refugees or the traumatized survivors , but for “ those at the top of the U.S. government who have to make momentous decisions. ” In an expanded essay in The National Interest ( which is published by CNI and whose honorary chairman is Kissinger ) , Blackwill goes further : “ We should be grateful ” to Nixon and Kissinger for their actions .
Dec. 8 , 1971 Executive Office Building In December 1971 , Pakistan and India fought a short but decisive war that would result in the creation of Bangladesh . With Pakistan on the brink of defeat , Kissinger proposed to help Pakistan by deploying a U.S. aircraft carrier group to threaten India , secretly asking China to mass its troops on the Indian border , and illegally allowing Iran and Jordan to send squadrons of U.S.-made warplanes to Pakistan . On Dec. 8—a day after receiving warnings from State Department and Pentagon lawyers that it would be illegal to allow the transfer of the Jordanian and Iranian planes—Nixon and Kissinger , joined by John Mitchell , the attorney general , met in the president 's hideaway office in the Executive Office Building and decided to go ahead . Nixon : ... What I mean is let 's do the carrier thing . Let 's get assurances to the Jordanians . Let 's send a message to the Chinese . Let 's send a message to the Russians . And I would tell the people in the State Department not a goddamn thing they do n't need to know . Right , John ? Mitchell : I would hope so . Kissinger : Except that they have to know of the movement of the Jordanian planes . And I would rather— Mitchell : Well , you 've got to give them the party line on that or all a sudden the secretary of state will say that 's illegal . Kissinger : I 'd rather just have— Nixon : All right . Kissinger : Let Johnson [ presumably U. Alexis Johnson , under secretary of state for political affairs ] in on it now . Nixon : All right . Kissinger : To say that if they move them against our law , they are not to have [ unclear—sanctions ? ] . Nixon : That 's right . Kissinger : I mean , I 've got to tell them that much . Nixon : All right , that 's an order . You 're goddamn right . Kissinger : OK. Nixon : Is it really so much against our law ? Kissinger : What 's against our law is not what they do , but our giving them permission . Nixon : Henry , we give the permission privately . Kissinger : That 's right . Nixon : Hell , we 've done worse .
These apologetics make a revealing case study in how Kissinger 's reputation stays afloat . Rather than grappling with Nixon 's racist contempt for Indians , or Kissinger 's ignorance about South Asia or emotional misjudgments , Blackwill 's ahistorical piece rests on the careful skewing of the record .
When Kissinger 's actions get too indefensible , Blackwill simply ignores them . Take Nixon and Kissinger 's illegal arms transfers to Pakistan during its December 1971 war against India , where Blackwill goes to considerable lengths to overlook what Nixon and Kissinger knew full well : that they were breaking U.S. law . “ Is it really so much against our law ? ” Nixon asked Kissinger , who admitted that it was . Blackwill ignores such evidence from the White House tapes , as well as the warnings of White House staffers and State Department and Pentagon lawyers that such arms transfers were violations of U.S. law . Instead , trying to change the subject , he writes , “ Bass expresses indignation at this proposal , suggesting that it was undertaken to assist in the repression of civilians in East Pakistan ” —even though these pages in my book actually concentrate on how Nixon and Kissinger broke the law . Blackwill ca n't defend Kissinger for breaking U.S. law , but he ca n't criticize Kissinger either , so he just pretends it never happened .
Blackwill 's method throughout is to avert his gaze from the most important evidence at the highest levels , particularly the White House tapes of Nixon and Kissinger 's most unguarded conversations , and stare selectively instead at a small portion of the less revealing stuff : Kissinger 's self-serving memoirs and books , public declarations , big interagency meetings , mid-level statements . This gives a systematic slant to Blackwill 's reading of events , which unsurprisingly validates his own ideological predilections . Anyone wanting the complete story can check out more than 2,600 footnotes in my book ( the product of almost four years of comprehensive research in U.S. and Indian archives , untold thousands of declassified pages , and unheard White House tapes ) , rather than Blackwill 's slipshod little sketch . His real problem is that The Blood Telegram painstakingly documents Nixon and Kissinger 's whole record and draws measured and reasoned conclusions that do n't flatter Kissinger .
While Blackwill—a former senior George W. Bush administration official who is now , aptly enough , the Henry A. Kissinger senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations—wants to believe that Nixon and Kissinger were masters of clear-eyed realpolitik , the White House tapes demonstrate that they were all too often driven by emotion and bias . Do n't take my word for it : At the time , Nixon called Kissinger “ emotional ” and wondered if he needed psychiatric care ; Nixon 's chief of staff H. R. Haldeman saw him as “ overexcited ” and “ overdepressed about his failures ” ; George H. W. Bush , then the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , found him “ very excitable , very emotional almost ” and “ paranoid . ”
Blackwill sidesteps my book 's abundant evidence of Oval Office passion and bigotry only by raising the non-issue of profanity , pretending that I am “ curiously offended that conversations in the Oval Office are often not the stuff of a church social. ” In fact , the candid quotes from Nixon and Kissinger are salient because they are cruel , racist or reckless , not because they are PG-13 . ( I even point out that Kissinger did n't swear much , tending toward “ balderdash ” or “ poppycock. ” ) Indeed , some of Nixon 's harshest utterances about Indians use perfectly printable language : “ I do n't know why the hell anybody would reproduce in that damn country but they do. ” Kissinger joked about the massacre of Bengali Hindus , and , his voice dripping with contempt , sneered at Americans who “ bleed ” for “ the dying Bengalis. ” Is Blackwill really untroubled by such statements ?
For this purpose we use special software named as `` MyUSBOnly '' . Let 's talk about features of this software firstly .
Features of MyUSBOnly :
By following this simple tutorial you will be able to protect your private and very confidential information from anyone because no one can get this information across the USB port.For this purpose we use special software named as `` MyUSBOnly '' . Let 's talk about features of this software firstly .
Prevent data loss while you are away from home or computer .
Stop information leakage such as documents , photos and videos .
Prevent un-trusted USB storage devices from various users .
Secretly log all USB connect and disconnect activity .
Get an email notification message when an unauthorized USB storage device is connected to your PC .
Then let 's see how to use it . First what you have install this software to your computer . For that just download this and install the below zipped file which includes a crack if you need to use it lifetime . Otherwise install the trial version . This has been tested by Avira that Crack has no viruses , trojans or malware . Then let 's see how to use it . First what you have install this software to your computer . For that just download this and install the below zipped file which includes a crack if you need to use it lifetime . Otherwise install the trial version . This has been tested by Avira that Crack has no viruses , trojans or malware .
( 0000 is a default password in this software and you can change this later if you want . )
After that you can customize your ports as your wish . For a step-by-step tutorial use the Manufacturers Detailed tutorial with this link .
Make sure you do this simple trick for protecting your private information from others .
Today 's topic is about how to set a password for your computer USB ports . Probably this might be one of the most important topics for most of you . There is a risk that people can take our data through a USB drive if our USB ports are not locked . But if we can put passwords to our USB ports , no one can transfer data from that USB without the correct password.After installing this software you will be able to see a USB icon on system tray of your computer . Double-click on it and select “ General Setup ” .Then type four zeros ( 0000 ) in the field called “ Required Password ” and click allow .
Ellen Tauscher ( D-BofA )
On Saturday I wrote a post about the efforts of former Wall Street investment banker Ellen Tauscher to gut legislation that would allow bankruptcy judges to write down mortgages , something that would stop 20 % of foreclosures at no cost to the taxpayers . But banks and banking lobbyists are holding out hope that they can unload their bad loans on taxpayers , and are working through people like Tauscher to oppose the legislation so they never have to take responsibility for their mistakes .
I promptly got a call from Jonathan Kaplan , Tauscher 's press secretary , who said that the Executive Director of the New Democrat Coalition , a former lobbyist for predatory lenders who worked to undermine regulation of subprime loans named Adam Pase , was not working on this issue , nor was Tauscher taking the lead . He claimed Tauscher was only trying to help homeowners before they got to bankruptcy court , and was n't trying to weaken anything .
Lo and behold , this morning we find not one but two articles where Tauscher brags about her leadership of an effort to `` limit the scope of the bankruptcy bill as much as possible , '' saying that `` it shows we have bench strength , and it shows we can flex . '' It says that Adam Pace was circulating memos on the bill , and an article in Roll Call this morning ( subscription ) states that he is `` widely credited with bringing a sharp organizational focus that has reinvigorated the group . ''
The upshot ? Nancy Pelosi `` buckled '' and suspended consideration of the housing bill at a time when it is desperately needed .
Lobbyist money is flowing into the coffers of Tauscher 's New Democrat Coalition , and it 's time to stop pretending that they are doing anything but representing corporate interests over those of their constituents . Kagro has a post on the congressional districts the hardest hit by the foreclosure crisis , and included are New Democrats Bill Foster , Gabby Giffords , Shelly Berkley , Brian Baird , Melissa Bean , Patrick Murphy , John Larson , Dennis Moore and Jim Moran . ( Caroline Maloney and Ed Perlmutter are not on the list , but they have been vocal in their support for Tauscher 's efforts . )
We 're asking you to do two things :
Write a letter to the editor of your local papers ( just enter your zip code ) saying you expect your Member of Congress to represent you , not the banks , and you 'll be watching to see if they oppose Tauscher and her bank lobbyist cronies .
Sign a petition to Nancy Pelosi telling her not to `` buckle '' to pressure from bank lobbyists working through greedy corporatist Members of Congress , and to act swiftly to give judges the authority they need to write down mortgages . The banks must take responsibility for their own bad judgment ; taxpayers should n't be expected to pick up the tab .
These same people killed efforts in 2007 to allow bankruptcy judges to write down mortgages at that time , which could have helped us from ever getting to this place . It 's time they stop pretending that they care about their constituents when they 're only being tools of the banking lobby .
Eleanor de Freitas died days before she had to go on trial accused of lying about rape claim , despite lack of evidence
A young woman who said she had been raped went on to kill herself after the Crown Prosecution Service put her on trial for making up the allegation in a case originally instigated by her alleged attacker .
The woman 's father is calling on the CPS to explain why they pursued a charge of perverting the course of justice against Eleanor de Freitas , 23 , despite being told by police that there was no evidence she had lied , [ see footnote regarding a later statement from the DPP ] and in the knowledge that she was suffering from a psychiatric illness .
De Freitas killed herself in April this year , three days before her trial was due to start at Southwark crown court . In notes left for her family she described her overwhelming fear of giving evidence as a motive for taking her life .
An inquest into the death of De Freitas , an A-grade student who suffered from bipolar disorder , is due to open in west London on Friday . Lawyers for her family are calling on the coroner to postpone the hearing in order to carry out a wider inquiry in front of a jury to examine whether the CPS decision to prosecute was a contributing factor in her death .
David de Freitas , her father , said : “ Eleanor was a vulnerable young woman , diagnosed with bipolar , who made a complaint of rape as a result of which she herself became the subject of legal proceedings . This was despite the fact the police did not believe there to be a case against her .
“ There are very serious implications for the reporting of rape cases if victims fear that they may themselves end up the subject of a prosecution if their evidence is in any way inconsistent . It is of the utmost importance that the CPS consider very carefully whether such cases are in the public interest . ”
He added : “ I feel that the system of fairness in this country has let me down terribly , and something needs to be done so that this can never happen again . ”
The CPS had pursued De Freitas for allegedly making up the rape allegation after the man at the centre of the claims spent £200,000 on a private prosecution , documents submitted to the inquest say .
Lawyers for the CPS were told by the detective who investigated the rape allegation that there was no evidence that she had lied , they would not be investigating her for perverting the course of justice and the crime had been recorded as rape .
De Freitas 's death has echoes of the suicide of Frances Andrade , who killed herself after being accused of lying in court about the abuse she suffered at the hands of Michael Brewer , the former director of music at Chetham 's school in Manchester .
Victim Support and Justice for Women have both written to the director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders expressing their concerns at the wider implications of the De Freitas case for rape complainants coming forward in future if alleged rapists are able to use the law to intimidate them .
In a statement , Saunders said she was concerned about the case and was investigating it personally . “ I have asked the team which dealt with this case for a full explanation which addresses all of the De Freitas family 's concerns . I appreciate the family 's unease which is why I am looking at this personally in order to satisfy myself of the detail surrounding all the stages of the case . ”
She added that she would welcome the opportunity then to meet her family and said the circumstances regarding the case were “ rare , extremely difficult and always complex and sensitive . This case was one of the most difficult I have seen . ”
Director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders . Photograph : David Levene/Guardian
De Freitas reported to police on 4 January 2013 that she had been allegedly drugged and raped by a male associate shortly before Christmas in 2012 . The police investigated the case , interviewed De Freitas and arrested the alleged perpetrator . But the police eventually told De Freitas they could not proceed further as there was not a realistic chance of a successful conviction , partly due to the fact she had reported the alleged rape some time after the event and as such no forensic evidence had been collected to support her claims . The alleged perpetrator was told there would be no further action and the case was closed .
De Freitas 's father said his daughter had accepted the police 's decision and tried to get on with her life . But the man at the centre of the rape claim began a private prosecution against her saying she had lied about the rape . Some months later lawyers for the CPS announced they were taking over the case against De Freitas . Her trial for perverting the course of justice was due to open on 7 April . On 4 April she took her own life .
On Friday Harriet Wistrich , of Birnberg Peirce and Partners , acting on behalf of the De Freitas family , will call for the West London coroner Chinyere Inyama to widen the inquest to consider whether the Crown Prosecution Service breached Article 2 of the Human Rights Act – the right to life – by failing to abide by their own code and consider whether there was a public interest in prosecuting De Freitas before going ahead with the prosecution .
Deborah Coles , co-director of the charity Inquest , said : “ This case raises serious issues of concern regarding the prosecution of rape complainants . In addition , Eleanor had severe mental health issues which do not appear to have been taken into account by the Crown Prosecution Service . There must be robust scrutiny at the inquest to explore how these issues of public interest impacted on her life . ”
Adam Pemberton , assistant chief executive of the charity Victim Support , said the “ tragic and troubling case ” raised broader concerns about the use of private prosecutions against rape complainants .
“ We are concerned in principle about someone who has been accused of rape being able to bring a private prosecution against the complainant because this allows that individual to use the law to do something guaranteed to intimidate their accuser , ” he said .
9 January 2015 . Since publication , it has been pointed out to us that on 9 December 2014 , the CPS issued a statement in which the DPP stated that the evidential and public interest tests were both met , and the evidence against Ms de Freitas was strong .
• In the UK , the Samaritans can be contacted on 08457 90 90 90 . In the US , the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255.In Australia , the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14 . Hotlines in other countries can be found here . The UK 's Rape Crisis helpline can be reached on 0808 802 9999 .
DONCASTER , United Kingdom – The UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) has selected its mayoral candidate for the London elections next year , choosing Breitbart London favourite Peter Whittle as the man for the job , as well as being number one on the UKIP Assembly Member list .
In August , Breitbart London ‘ s Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam wrote a “ runners and riders ” article , naming Whittle as the best placed candidate to represent the party at the elections in May next year .
He wrote :
Peter 's a thoughtful , small-c conservative based in London , and who has fought unwinnable London seats . He 's passionate about art and culture , and is known in Westminster for repeatedly taking the BBC and the establishment to task via his column in Standpoint magazine , and through his think tank , the New Culture Forum . I 've known Peter for a long time , and the man has few faults . He can sometimes come across as aloof , but that 's nothing that a bit of media training could n't fix . He 's also interested in problem-solving , and I reckon could mobilise the party base with a trendy , culturally focused campaign . He 's one of UKIP 's best , secret weapons – unafraid to say what often some frontline kippers are , about the media set , the idea of “ Britishness ” and he has led the charge for a memorial for Drummer Lee Rigby . He 's also an author . I 'm going to give Peter a 9/10 .
UKIP also announced the rest of its London assembly member list . The party hopes to have two assembly members elected , with optimists claiming the party can secure three .
The number two on the list is David Kurten , who Breitbart London tipped as an strong outsider 's tip , with the third being Suzanne Evans .
Speaking to Breitbart London , Mr Whittle said : “ It worries me that London is seen more and more now as a marketplace . The economic divisions in London are getting worse and worse . A city , like a country , is about more than just money . And I think that 's something that I really want to emphasize .
“ There 's always been a view that UKIP 's not London and vice versa . Nothing can be further from the truth and I think its even more so now , when Labour is moving to extremes .
“ There 's a huge number of people that need a voice and that agree with us . So I see next year as being a major breakthrough for us in the capital . ”
Nigel Farage said : “ Peter has been an asset to UKIP for many years , and I am delighted to learn that the party has elected him as our candidate in the battle to become London mayor . ”
The next on the Assembly list is :
Today I found out that dolphins do n't breathe automatically , rather it is always consciously done .
An interesting consequence of the fact that they need to be conscious to control their breathing is that they can never be truly unconscious , even when they sleep . However , being mammals , their brains do need to enter a type of unconscious state every now and again in order to continue to function properly .
How dolphins handle this is to put one half of their brain to sleep , while the other half is still conscious and functioning . They then alternate which side is sleeping periodically . They stay in this state for approximately eight hours a day . Doing this allows them to be conscious enough to control their breathing and periodically swim to the surface and get air , while still giving their brain the rest it needs .
Bonus Facts :
Dolphins use not only their eyesight , but also echolocation ( similar to sonar ) to avoid obstacles and find prey .
The name “ dolphin ” comes from the ancient Greek “ delphis ” , which means more or less “ fish with a womb ” .
Dolphins have been observed to teach their young to use tools . They also have been observed to display a variety of cultural characteristics such as holding a type of funeral ceremony for their dead .
Dolphins have no sense of smell due to lacking any olfactory nerve and lobes . They use their sense of taste much like we use our sense of smell though . Dolphins will often taste the water around them for this purpose .
The ancient Romans once used dolphins to help them fish . The dolphins were trained to drive fish towards fishermen . Once a large enough group of fish was near the fisherman , the dolphins would signal the fishermen to cast their nets . Today , this practice can still be observed in Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Amazon river dolphins swim upside down . It is thought that the humps on their backs help them feel around on the bottom of the river to locate food . This also may help them see what is below them better as below their eyes they have puffy cheeks that obstruct their vision .
Bottle nose dolphins and killer whales belong to the same family .
Dolphins are the only animal other than humans that develop a natural form of type 2 Diabetes .
Dolphins trained to kill by the Soviet Union were sold to Iran in the 1990s when the Russian military closed its marine mammal program . The United States Navy still has such a program , though dolphins are supposedly not trained to kill , but rather to perform other tasks .
Expand for References :
Anne Hare and her husband made a momentous decision three years ago : They would not have children . It 's not that they do n't like kids , she says . They simply do n't want to alter the lifestyle they enjoy .
`` With kids , especially young kids , infants and toddlers , you really ca n't do the active stuff we like to do , '' said Hare , 43 , a fitness program coordinator from Gainesville , Ga .
Hare is among 26.7 million women ages 15 to 44 who are childless , according to new Census Bureau data from a June 2002 survey . That 's 44 percent of all the women in that age group - a record number , and ten percent more than in 1990 , when roughly 24.3 million women that age had not given birth .
Direct comparisons before 1990 are not possible because the bureau did n't track women younger than 18 until then .
The Census Bureau report tells only which women have given birth to children , according to age , income , educational background , ethnic background , occupation , and geographic location , and does not report on whether women are childless by chance or by choice .
The women counted as childless are those who have never given birth - including those who may later give birth .
Martha Farnsworth Riche , a demographer and former head of the Census Bureau , says she believes the latest numbers reflect the well-established trend of more women going to college and entering the work force , then delaying motherhood or deciding not to have children . She notes that increasing numbers are are choosing adoption .
Hare said she and other childless friends often are incorrectly tagged as `` kid-haters . ''
`` It 's just difficult to explain to people that we do n't hate kids , it 's just that we do n't want our own , '' she said .
The percentage of women 40 to 44 — those at the end of their childbearing years — who have not given birth has hovered around 18 percent since 1994 , but that 's up from 10 percent in 1976 .
Women with higher incomes had the highest childless rates . David Popenoe , co-director of the National Marriage Project , a research group at Rutgers University , says he believes that reflects in part the increased professional options available to women .
Amy Caizza , study director for the Institute for Women 's Policy Research , a Washington think tank , said society 's attitudes about childless women have also changed .
`` Economic reasons are part of it , but it 's also the effect of the women 's movement , that you do n't have to be a mother to be a complete woman , '' she said .
Just over half of Asian women were childless , the highest rate among race and ethnic groups . It was 46 percent for non-Hispanic whites , 39 percent for blacks and 36 percent for Hispanics .
Last year about 33 percent of all births were to unmarried women , roughly the same rate since 1998 , said Census Bureau demographer Barbara Downs . Blacks were more likely than Hispanics or whites to have out-of-wedlock births .
Roughly 23 percent of the 25.8 million never-married women 15 to 44 were mothers in 2002 , about the same rate from 1998 but up from 18 percent of the 20.7 million never-married women in 1990 . There was a pronounced increase among never-married women in managerial or professional jobs who were mothers — the percentage has nearly doubled from 9 percent in 1990 to 16 percent in 2002 .
Many women in these occupations can earn salaries that enable them to raise a child on their own if they choose , Riche said .
`` In earlier days , you had stigma and economic reasons '' for these unmarried , professional women not to have kids , she said . `` It 's much less so now . ''
Also , about 8 percent of births were to women in unmarried partnerships , the first time the bureau had tracked such a category in the survey .
The report also showed a birth rate of 61 births per 1,000 women 15 to 44 in 2002 , down from 67 per 1,000 in 1990 . During the same period , it also found the birth rate for women 15 to 19 rose from 40 per 1,000 to 56 per 1,000 .
That 's far different from National Center for Health Statistics data , which in 2001 showed the birth rate for 15- to 19-year-olds at 45 per 1,000 , declining steadily since 1990 from 60 per 1,000 .
Government researchers , academics and the National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy , an advocacy group , said they considered NCHS birth data more accurate because it is based on official vital records from hospitals .
The census report - online at www.census.gov/population/www/socdemo/fertility.html - was based on a survey of 50,000 homes .
The maniac who doused an elderly woman with gasoline in a Brooklyn elevator and burned her alive did it because he believed she owed him money , police said .
Brooklyn handyman Jerome Isaac was still reeking of gas when he surrendered to police , cops said .
Isaac , 47 , was charged with killing Delores Gillespie , 73 , who had hired him to help clear clutter in her Prospect Heights apartment but axed him for stealing , cops and relatives said .
In August , Isaac put a typed invoice on Gillespie 's door demanding more than $ 300 in payment for work he said he 'd done for her , relatives said .
`` She had a bunch of locks on the door , '' said relative Dorinda Thomas , 56 . `` She was desperately scared of him . ''
All the locks in the world could n't save her .
Isaac was caught on video wearing an exterminator 's mask , gloves and backpack canister , waiting for the elevator to open in Gillespie 's Underhill Ave. apartment building as she returned from the grocery store Saturday afternoon .
He calmly sprayed her head-to-toe in gasoline as the old lady tried to shield her face . Then he used a long barbecue lighter to set her aflame .
He tossed in a firebomb and sprayed more gasoline on her as she died screaming .
It was one of the most appalling crimes in recent city history . Veteran cops said they 'd never seen anything like it .
After Isaac left the building , cops said he tried to burn down his brother 's apartment on nearby Lincoln Place .
Isaac had stayed with his brother until getting kicked out , police sources said . He sprayed his brother 's door with accelerant and left two firebombs behind . Nobody was hurt .
Isaac turned himself in at the NYPD 's Transit District 32 on Carroll St. in Crown Heights about 12:30 a.m .
`` He indicated that he was responsible for setting a fire - he did n't say anything about a homicide , '' said Paul Browne , the NYPD 's top spokesman .
`` Since then , he has made statements implicating himself in the attack . ''
He claimed Gillespie owed him a total of $ 2,000 for maintenance work , a police source said .
Helping hand of horror
Relatives said Gillespie , a postal worker , had paid Isaac to help clear out her apartment .
`` She trusted him , '' said Rickey Causey , 52 , Gillespie 's nephew , who lived with the victim .
`` She gave him a key to go in and out of the apartment . ''
Gillespie 's relatives claim Isaac began stealing expensive items , including cookware and a DVD player . She changed the locks and stopped dealing with Isaac earlier this year .
But he scared her .
`` She knew that something was going to happen to her in that building , '' Thomas said . `` She knew this , and everyone around here knew this . ''
Still , neighbors who knew the accused madman were shocked by the fiendish attack .
`` He did n't seem crazy , '' said neighbor Ramon Vargas , 65 .
`` He spoke to me about the Bible . He never spoke about violence or problems he was having . I 'm shocked . This is not something I thought he 'd do . ''
Gillespie 's relatives were reeling .
`` She was the mother of the community , '' said her son Maurice Gillespie , 37 , who lived with her . `` She helped feed the poor . She was a good person . ''
With Jennifer H. Cunningham , Trevor Kapp , Irving DeJohn and Michael J. Feeney
NEWARK , N.J. — When the Blue Jackets reached the dressing room after Sunday 's 4-1 win over the New Jersey Devils , coach John Tortorella delivered a speech that was mostly a reminder .
The Blue Jackets reached 100 points in the standings and clinched the third postseason appearance in franchise history with the victory , but it was celebrated as just the next step for an organization trying to raise its standards .
“ It 's a great feeling , and it 's well-deserved , ” said left wing Matt Calvert , the longest-tenured Blue Jackets player . “ Guys have worked hard all year .
“ Torts said it at the end of the game : It 's just the start of things for us , the start of our new road . We have to finish off the regular season hard and get ready for the playoffs . ”
Boone Jenner had two goals to lead the Blue Jackets , while Lukas Sedlak and Brandon Dubinsky each scored penalty-shot goals — only the third time in NHL history that a club has scored two penalty-shot goals in the same game .
Goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky had 35 saves for his league-leading 39th victory , leading the Blue Jackets to their fourth straight win , and seventh in eight games .
It kept them in a dead heat with Washington ( 100 points ) for first place in the Metropolitan Division and the overall NHL lead .
But the biggest issue Sunday was the Blue Jackets ' first playoff spot since the 2013-14 season .
Gentlemen , start your beards .
“ Right from the get-go , in the summertime , we set the tone and we worked our ( butts ) off in training camp and the start of the season to get where we 're at , ” Dubinsky said . “ It 's one steppingstone . We have a lot ahead of us , still here in the regular season and once we get into the playoffs .
“ We 're excited right now . We 're going to enjoy this tonight and tomorrow , then get back to work and continue to climb the ladder . ”
The Blue Jackets scored two short-handed goals in the first 10:23 of the first period to take a 2-0 lead against the Devils .
Jenner assisted on the first one , jarring the puck loose to spring Sedlak on a breakaway before he was hauled down and awarded a penalty shot , which Sedlak buried .
Jenner scored the second shorty on his own with a monster shift in the Devils ' zone . After taking a beating to pin the puck deep in New Jersey 's zone , Jenner pounced on a rebound off a Jack Johnson shot and fired it into the net off goaltender Cory Schneider .
“ Jens was tenacious , ” Tortorella said . “ He deserved to score that empty goal late , with the work he 's done . ”
The Blue Jackets were awarded another penalty shot early in the second when Josh Anderson was dragged down by Devils defenseman Dalton Prout .
Anderson came up gimpy on the play , heading to the dressing room for a check and allowing Tortorella to select another player on the ice to take the shot .
Dubinsky buried it , giving the Jackets a 3-1 lead at 6:28 of the second .
Jenner 's empty-net goal came with 1:57 remaining .
“ I saw Dubi and Jens just staring at me on the bench , ” Tortorella said . “ I had to pick one of them . Dubi gets the chances . It 's a big goal . ”
.
.
aportzline @ dispatch.com
@ Aportzline
RTÉ Radio has announced that it will broadcast the GAA All Ireland Hurling Final on Sunday 8 September and the Ireland Football Final on Sunday 22 September via multiple sources including shortwave radio ( frequencies and times below ) .
RTÉ Radio explains :
“ In Africa , where many Irish people live and work , often in relative isolation with poor communications , RTÉ is providing special transmissions on shortwave radio . [ … ] These services are part of RTÉ 's continued commitment to Irish people overseas and , over the years , has proven especially popular with those in geographically or technically isolated areas . ”
Of course , RTÉ will broadcast both finals via the Internet , local radio and television .
On shortwave , RTÉ will broadcast on multiple frequencies–attempting to target most regions of Africa–so there 's a very good chance you could hear one .
Shortwave frequencies for Africa–September 8 and 22 , 2013
Both Finals throw in at 3:30 pm Irish Time ( 14:30 UTC )
Southern Africa – 7405 kHz ( 2pm to 6pm )
East Africa – 17725 kHz ( 2pm to 5pm )
East Africa -11620 kHz ( 5pm to 6pm )
West Africa – 7505 kHz ( 2pm to 6pm )
Related
Last year , I posted on Temple Tourism . ( You could think of this post as Temple Tourism Part 2 . ) When my daughter turned 12 last year , she wanted to do baptisms for the dead on her birthday . She wanted to get a special temple recommend holder , basically a very expensive piece of plastic to hold your temple recommend . While in Seagull Book , I noticed a Utah Temple Passport where you could track all the Utah temples you 've been to . I thought it might be fun to get for her , and it has been fun to travel to all the temples in Utah . * We went to the Vernal Temple the day after her birthday , meaning we went to every Utah temple in 366 days , essentially a Leap Year . ( She did n't want to go on her birthday this year , so we went the day after . ) Here are some fun things we 've learned/discovered :
The Vernal Temple was the only temple we visited that had a doorbell ! And they had to unlock the door to let us out ! The Manti Temple had some really cool pioneer-era murals . Most temples do n't . The Draper Temple had the boiler go out so the water and showers were very cold ! Summer seems to be a good time to visit–much fewer crowds and easier to get in and out . We were in and out of the Monticello Temple in 20 minutes ! ( That was after a 4 hour drive , but my son was in Moab at scout camp , so it worked out . ) Salt Lake was easy to get in and out of too .
I decided to buy a passport for myself and discovered this week that there are other versions for the United States ( which I purchased for my kids and myself too . ) My sister said she has taken kids to Hawaii and Idaho temples , so I guess we 'll have to start exploring temples out of state . To be honest , we did n't have a goal to visit all the Utah temples in a year–it just happened to work out that way . My daughter still had the audacity to say we did n't go to the temple enough . Have you visited other temples ? Do you have any fun stories to share about temple visits ?
—-
* We have n't visited the Jordan River Temple because it has been closed for over a year for remodeling . It is supposed to open either late this year or early next year after extensive renovations . The brand new Cedar City Temple ( not in our passport ) is supposed to be dedicated December 10 , 2017 .
Makers of the Harry Potter spin-off adventure aim to fill the role of ‘ haunted young girl ' Modesty with an open casting for eight- to 12-year-olds
The stars of the Harry Potter series were cast at an open audition , and all three went on to worldwide fame . Now , in a move echoing the manner in which Emma Watson , Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint were discovered , Warner Brothers is holding an open casting for girls aged between eight and 12 , to play Modesty in the forthcoming Potter spin-off , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .
“ Modesty is a haunted young girl with an inner strength and stillness , ” the studio said in their casting call . “ She has an ability to see deep into people and understand them . ”
The audition will take place at ExCel , London , on 18 July . Whoever is selected will play alongside a starry cast , including Eddie Redmayne , Ezra Miller ( We Need to Talk About Kevin ) and Katherine Waterston ( Boardwalk Empire ) .
Became magic ... Emma Watson , Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Photograph : Allstar/WARNER BROS/Sportsphoto Ltd./Allstar
The screenplay , written by JK Rowling , is based on the 2001 book , set in the same universe as her bestselling series . The story follows “ magizoologist ” Newt Scamander ( played by Redmayne ) , who writes a Hogwarts textbook about the magical creatures he encounters on his travels .
“ Although it will be set in the worldwide community of witches and wizards where I was so happy for 17 years , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is neither a prequel nor a sequel to the Harry Potter series , but an extension of the wizarding world , ” said Rowling on her Facebook page .
“ The laws and customs of the hidden magical society will be familiar to anyone who has read the Harry Potter books or seen the films , but Newt 's story will start in New York , 70 years before Harry 's gets under way . ”
Open casting for notable parts in major movies is fairly rare . In 2014 , an open audition in Bristol for two parts in the forthcoming Star Wars sequel attracted 37,000 hopefuls . The two cast were Pip Andersen , a 23-year-old freerunner from Taunton , and American Crystal Clarke , who is studying at the Royal Conservatoire in Glasgow .
Fantastic Beasts is set to be released on 18 November , 2016 .
In the video below , soccer broadcaster Ross Fletcher reviewed this Sunday 's 2016 Euro Final between France and Portugal , Seattle Sounders FC 's playoff chances , head coach Jurgen Klinsmann 's future with the USMNT , and the intrigue surrounding the upcoming English Premier League campaign .
UEFA Euro 2016
“ Ronaldo can only drag a team so far on his own…As a team , France are far stronger . ”
The previous Seattle Sounders FC play-by-play man picked France to defeat Portugal and win the 2016 Euros . France has the home pitch advantage , and a stronger overall squad compared to their European counterparts .
Even with superstar Cristiano Ronaldo in the lineup , Portugal failed to win a single match against their Group F rivals before moving on the knockout stage . They managed three draws against Iceland ( 1-1 ) , Austria ( 0-0 ) and Hungary ( 3-3 ) .
Seattle Sounders FC 's playoff chances
“ Seven points between them and a playoff place…is not an insurmountable task…It 's a challenge unlike any other they 've faced . ”
Seattle 's 17 points in 16 games leaves the Sounders seven points shy of a playoff slot in the Western Conference . With a tough matchup against LA Galaxy on Saturday , his former team faces a difficult scheduling stretch with eight games in the month of July .
According to Fletcher , the Sounders have an uphill battle to extend their playoff streak .
Jurgen Klinsmann 's status
“ Jurgen Klinsmann took the USA as far as they could…It achieved expectations . ”
By taking the USMNT to the Copa America Centenario semifinals , Klinsmann managed to assuage his critics for now . The pressure 's on the German soccer icon , and will continue to mount as the USA returns to World Cup qualification .
Upcoming English Premier League season
“ A lot of people can not wait to see what will happen with the two Manchester clubs . ”
The upcoming EPL campaign main storyline focuses on two head coaches in Manchester . Former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho moves to Manchester United , while the previous Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola will make his English league debut with Manchester City .
Fletcher noted the contrasting styles between the two high-profile and successful soccer managers . Mourinho is considered to be cocky and abrasive . Guardiola is humbler in his demeanor and approach .
The two coaching legends will have a battle of wills and differ in their team 's playing styles . It shapes up to be an intriguing season for the EPL .
Laura Ingraham ( Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images )
An immigration backlash — and a huge win for the grassroots .
The high point of David Brat 's shoestring campaign came a week before Tuesday 's election , at the Dominion Club in Glen Allen , Va. House majority leader Eric Cantor is a member of the club — a place , its website says , where “ you and your family can experience a vacation every day of the year. ” It is located just blocks away from Cantor 's home . Brat had arrived to campaign against the House majority leader , and he had a high-profile rabble-rouser in tow .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ I thought , I 'm just going to do one more push for him at the end , ” says Laura Ingraham , the conservative radio-talk-show host who for months now has used her nationally syndicated program , The Laura Ingraham Show , to promote the economics professor . “ We just decided we were going to be really bold . ”
Bold they were . At the country-club rally near Cantor 's home , Ingraham floated a proposal . “ I was thinking about this prisoner swap , ” she told the crowd of over 600 . “ I kind of wish that President Obama would have thought this through a little bit more . Instead of sending five Taliban MVPs over there , he could have just traded one Eric Cantor . ”
Cantor wo n't wind up in Afghanistan , but Brat 's shocking upset on Tuesday will send him packing come January . Brat himself is now among a small group who , like former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura and former Massachusetts senator Scott Brown , who have managed to pull off historic political upsets .
Advertisement
It is as much a victory for conservative media — voices like Ingraham , her fellow radio-talk-show host Mark Levin , columnist Ann Coulter , and Internet provocateur Matt Drudge — as it is for Brat . Although national tea-party groups were quick to claim credit for the turn of events ( Tea Party Patriots president Jenny Beth Martin congratulated the “ local tea-party activists who helped propel him over the top ” ) , they did little to boost his candidacy . It was conservative-media figures , Ingraham chief among them , who helped amplify his message beyond what his limited campaign budget allowed .
Advertisement
“ National tea-party groups were either not present or silent , ” Ingraham says . Having supported Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell against attacks from the right , Ingraham is not your typical tea partier . In this case , she credits grassroots activists for doing the campaign 's heavy lifting without an organized infusion of outside tea-party funds .
After hearing about Brat through friends in Richmond — she is a graduate of the University of Virginia law school — Ingraham spoke with him by phone several months ago . Though his campaign had attracted little support and even less media attention , she found him , she says , “ really smart , really dedicated , and really courageous. ” She began putting him on the air . “ I thought to myself , ‘ Wow , somebody without any political experience trying to take on Cantor and he 's just completely unafraid . ' It was something to see . ”
Advertisement
“ I decided , ‘ Look , if we 're ever going to get any good people to challenge the failed establishment , we 're going to at least need to give them a platform and a fair hearing , ' ” she says , “ so I helped give him a platform and a bigger microphone . ”
Advertisement
It was the issue of immigration in particular that drew her into the race against Cantor . Ingraham was a vocal opponent of the 2007 immigration-reform proposal supported by President George W. Bush and , since Mitt Romney 's defeat in 2012 , she has again used her radio show to rally conservatives against any legislation that includes a pathway to citizenship for those here illegally .
She railed against the Gang of Eight 's comprehensive bill , which passed the Senate in April of last year , and then sought to prevent the House from taking it up by extracting concessions from the lawmakers who appeared on her show . “ Will you go to conference on immigration , yes or no ? ” she routinely asked Republican congressmen who joined her on the air .
Advertisement
With the midterm elections in sight , she has pushed GOP candidates to sign a pledge circulated by the Federation for American Immigration Reform , a group devoted to opposing illegal immigration and limiting legal immigration to the U.S .
The vast majority of Republicans are treating Obamacare as the dominant issue of the midterm election , but Ingraham has framed matters differently , arguing that immigration is the most important issue facing Americans today . “ If conservatives go the wrong way on this issue , ” she says , “ all the other issues that we care about are academic . ”
Brat 's surprise victory suggests that it can also be a potent political weapon . On the campaign trail , he told voters that a vote for Cantor was a vote for amnesty and open borders . Ingraham and Levin used their microphones to promote his candidacy and to blast Cantor , who since February of last year has openly supported an unspecified version of the DREAM Act , which would legalize those who entered the country illegally as children . “ It is time to provide an opportunity for legal residence and citizenship for those who were brought to this country as children and who know no other home , ” Cantor said in a speech at the American Enterprise Institute . In her endorsement of Brat , Ann Coulter denounced Cantor as a “ maniacal amnesty supporter. ” Levin celebrated Brat 's “ ass-kicking ” victory and denounced members of the Republican leadership as “ paper tigers . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ingraham 's focus on immigration is a part of a larger attempt to push the party toward an embrace of economic populism . She refers to immigration as a “ vessel ” that has an impact on other issues like wages and health care , and says that proponents of immigration reform from the business-friendly Chamber of Commerce to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg simply do n't grasp the needs and interests of working-class Republicans . “ The GOP has to be known as the party of the working people , ” she says . “ Black , white , Asian , single women . We care about their standard of living going down . And if it means throwing a House majority leader out of office , then we 'll do that . ”
It worked : Though rumors were circulating as recently as yesterday that House Republicans were preparing to take up immigration reform once again , Brat 's victory has political analysts on both left and right declaring it dead on arrival .
Advertisement
Now Ingraham is setting her sights on 2016 : In particular , she wants to ensure that the Republican nominee is not cut from Cantor 's cloth . Brat 's victory , she says , is a step in the right direction : “ Everybody that 's hoping and praying for a Jeb Bush run , they should spend a lot of time focusing on what just happened in Virginia . ”
— Eliana Johnson is a political reporter for National Review Online .
The Hawk guys are at Camerimage introducing an eye-popping set of new spherical T1 prime lenses called Vantage One . T1 !
There are nine Vantage One lens in the set : 17.5 , 21 , 25 , 32 , 40 , 50 , 65 , 90 and 120 mm , all T1 , and all close-focusing .
“ It 's the result of our experience over the past 20 years building Hawk anamorphics , and we 've been learning every day , ” Peter Märtin told me . “ Now that a lot of other companies are joining us in their appreciation of the anamorphic format , what do we do ? We build a new set of Spherical Prime Lenses . ”
Most cinematographers are familiar with the company 's two brands . Vantage is the mother ship , the rental house headquartered in Weiden , Germany—about 90 minutes northeast of Munich—with offices in Paris , Prague and Berlin . Vantage builds Hawk anamorphic lenses . And now , Vantage is building Vantage One T1 spherical lenses . Summary : most Hawks are anamorphic . Vantage lenses are spherical . As the engraving on the back of the lens says , “ Vantage One — Made in Germany by the Hawk Guys . ”
As Butch Cassidy once asked , “ Who are those guys ? ”
Managing Directors Peter Märtin and Wolfgang Bäumler , optical engineer Anatoly B. Agourok , and the team at Vantage took a fresh look at lens design today . What could they build for the new generation of digital cameras that have higher sensitivity than ever before , and provide cinematographers with a totally different look ?
As Alexander Schwarz , Vantage Director of Digital Systems & Key Accounts said , “ With Vantage Ones , when you open wide , you open up a whole new world . ”
At T stops from T2 to T11 , Vantage One lens provide a look similar to most modern lenses , with total image illumination ( no shading or fall-off at the edges . ) At T1.4 , the look is “ more forgiving , ” but still extremely good . Wide open , at T1 , Vantage One lens open up a new world of extremely shallow depth of field , with a beautiful , subtle , silky creaminess , great for skin tones . The bokehs have an interesting kind of donut or bubble effect . Maybe a good way to describe the look is to remember the original Leica Noctilux 50 mm T1 still lens circa 1976 .
These observations come from looking at , through , and with a prototype during Cinec , with an ironclad promise not to discuss until today .
The Vantage One T1.o lenses are among the smallest cine lenses out there . They are lightweight , close-focusing and have familiar Vantage mechanics , witness marks on the same plane as the scales for parallax-free setting , and durable construction .
The Vantage One lens are almost telecentric . There 's a long distance from the rear element to the sensor , so light rays are almost parallel . This results in less color fringing and even illumination to the corners of the frame : 100 % at T2 , and 85 % illumination at T1 .
Vantage One lens will come in two versions : with anti-reflective coating , and ( marked with a distinctive red ring ) with some optical elements uncoated . Uncoated elements produce additional flares and lower contrast . www.vantagefilm.com
The Most Dangerous Footpath In The World
The photographs below are taken on a mountain in China called Mt . Hua Shan . At the base of the mountain there are some stone stairs called “ the Heavenly Stairs. ” . When you start to walk up the stairs they take you high into the mountainside at which point the dramatic journey commences .
After scaling the stone stairs , you then join one of the world 's most dangerous trails . A patch known as Hua Shan plank path . In turn this trail leads even higher up the mountain which is just outside the city of Xi'an .
Although wearing any kind of safety gear is not mandatory , it really is recommended . You are about the see why .
The journey starts on the ‘ Heavenly Stairs ' .
Believe it or not , this is the easy bit .
You really would be in trouble if you were afraid of heights .
Even though it is so dangerous , the trail is incredibly popular with tourists .
When you reach the top of the stairs , you get a gondola ride to the next stage .
Yes you are thinking right . You walk on that plank and hold those chains . Thats it !
It all must lead somewhere pretty special for these people to risk their lives .
As you can see , the planks are very narrow and the walls are terrifyingly steep .
Oh yes and some parts do n't even have the planks . You need to climb these bits using holes in the rock .
It makes me dizzy just looking at these photos .
But if you stick with it , you get your ‘ reward ' .
At the very top of the southern peak is a Taoist temple that was converted into a teahouse .
All those thousands of people make the treacherous journey just for a cup of tea .
It must be some pretty darn good tea to go through all that to get there .
Source : Go Social
Share your Thoughts
Rethinking The Stress Mindset : Can You Find The Upside of Pressure ?
Is it true that what does n't kill you makes you stronger , or is stress always debilitating ?
It 's striking how much of our emotional experience is down to interpretation .
Take the physical feelings you get when you 're about to talk in public : the sweaty palms , the churning stomach and the spinning room . Is n't that much the same physical experience you get when you 've fallen in love ?
Yet one experience most would run a mile from and the other we enjoy . The difference is partly down to the meaning we give these events .
But how far does this go ? What about the hassles of everyday life and stress in general ? Is stress really a killer or can it be reinterpreted away ?
Well , there 's certainly such a thing as the way that we habitually think about stress . One of the most common , which is frequently reinforced by the media , is the ‘ stress-is-debilitating ' mindset .
What Crum et al . ( 2013 ) wonder in a new paper is : can we change this mindset and does thinking about stress in a positive way have any effect on how we react to it ?
To conduct some preliminary tests , they recruited a group of investment bankers , who were split into three groups , each of which were shown a different 10-minute video . Some of them watched a video that suggested stress can be good for you .
The ‘ stress-is-enhancing ' video suggested that some people do their best work under pressure : for example , Captain “ Sully ” Sullenberger landed his stricken airliner on the Hudson River and Winston Churchill successfully led Britain through WWII .
A second group watched a video reinforcing the idea that stress is debilitating , while a third acted as a control .
The bankers reported back over a few weeks on their stress mindset , how they were doing at work and their levels of stress . The results showed that those who 'd seen the ‘ stress-is-enhancing ' video did develop a more positive stress mindset . This led to them reporting better performance at work and fewer psychological problems over the subsequent two weeks .
This suggests something as simple as a short video can start to change how you think about stress , at least in the short-term .
Another study by Crum et al . examined one possible mechanism for how a changed mindset might be beneficial . This found that people who tended to think stress was enhancing were more likely to want feedback . So , people who think positively about stress are likely to use that to help them solve problems .
In addition , thinking that stress is enhancing was associated with lower levels of cortisol , a hormone closely associated with the stress response . In other words , people 's physiological reaction to stress was better when they endorsed the idea that stress is enhancing .
So , is stress good or bad for you ? This evidence underlines the fact that , as so often , what you believe influences how both mind and body reacts .
Image credit : Truthout.org
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — “ Professor Udo smoked meat from the University of Basel ” says the Google translation of the original German Taz article from which the few English news report have based their stories on . Other translation engines have not produced much better results .
While this story is making the rounds on the internet , I 'm looking to find something a little bit more solid . This may be a case of ‘ lost in translation ' — or perhaps there is more to the story than we 're being told . Then there 's the source itself — is Taz.de a tabloid of sort , exploiting a family squabble over trans issues and twisting the truthfulness of it into an international story ? I would not source a story from The National Enquirer or FOX News — if Taz belongs in their company , it would be nice to know .
We need a liberal , who knows German , knows transgender issues and knows a bit of German government and law to set us straight .
That said , it 's perfectly prudent for the international trans community to raise concerns about the German trans girl Alex in the event the story , badly translated or not , is factual .
Original article “ Transsexualism in childhood , Who wanted the pink unicorn ? ” : http : //www.taz.de/Transsexualitaet-im-Kindesalter/ ! 85899/
Translated version : Google Translate
———-
You 're welcome to share this entire article !
Follow this topic and others on Lexie Cannes ' Facebook page : http : //www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Get the transgender-themed feature film “ Lexie Cannes “ here :
http : //www.LexieCannes.com
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : Transgender , Transsexual , Trans
After the United States presidential election , there was a reported surge in the production of President Donald Trump paraphernalia in Russia . Weird ? Not so much . Celebration in the form of Trump-themed products is expected : Right now , Russia likes Trump , and the country promotes whomever they love politically , in every sense . Like his wife Melania , who has been celebrated in her native Slovenia in the form of soap and cake , Trump has made some buyable cameos in Russia : Want a cute matryoshka , a Russian nesting doll , with a portrait of the 45th President ? Just come to Moscow and throw down a handful of rubles . The same sort of merchandising power lies with Russia 's President Vladimir Putin . While souvenir shopping last year , I saw a buff , half-in-the-buff Putin everywhere : He was shirtless on a horse in Matrix-like sunglasses , beaming on posters , magnets , plates , and vodka glasses . If someone wanted , they could decorate their house with all things Putin .
Fast forward a year later ; I 'm back in Moscow on a press trip . With Trump in office , the mood here is n't necessarily pro-America , but it 's quite a change from when former President Barack Obama was in power : Back then—just a few months ago—there were T-shirts showing him and Angela Merkel being chastised by Putin . Now , the majority of people seem relatively happy and optimistic about Trump 's win . “ He 's a man , ” one of my cab drivers tells me . This conversation seems to always be the same among cab drivers ( even in Ukraine , Russia 's political nemesis ! ) : According to most of them , Trump knows and does what he wants . ( I 've heard similar statements before : The conservative , working-class members of my family talk about Trump with the same degree of disregard for facts in favor for a strong emphasis on attractive-sounding “ truthiness. ” The women specifically are enamored with the idea that Trump “ waits for no one ” and is “ a do-er ! ” ) In Russia , people channel that optimism for Trump—as they do with Putin—with celebrity-style adulation : At a mall in the outskirts of Moscow , there is supposedly a Hollywood Walk of Fame–style Trump star—but so far , unlike here stateside , no one has taken a pickax to the president 's sidewalk plaque .
Of course , Trump 's election has provoked a different response from alternative-minded young people in metropolitan cities . The fashion label Narvskayadostava by Olya Shapovalova and Lolja Nordic , a feminist designer duo who live in St. Petersburg , has had some things to say : Their latest shirt says “ Menstruation ” in a rock 'n ' roll font . For International Women 's Day on March 8th—a holiday in Russia known for the gifting of candy and flowers and , as Putin himself recently demonstrated , praising women 's beauty—Shapovalova and Nordic spent their time protesting for women 's rights in the center of Saint Petersburg , an event which prompted mass arrests and unruly police behavior .
This comes on the heels of Putin 's recent decriminalization of domestic abuse for first-time offenders . Nonetheless , the majority of women in Russia seem to still like and respect Putin—and , it follows , Trump . I ask Shapovalova and Nordic why that might be the case . “ Many somehow think that Putin and Trump share their views on politics ; I can hardly explain that point of view . But it seems to me that for many people in Russia , Trump is a symbol of some unattainable success . They see him as strong man who earned millions and built his own corporation and now also became a president , ” Nordic writes . “ Such a perfect embodiment of traditional patriarchal male ambitions . ”
The women of Narvskayadostava are among the few who are vocal about their support for feminism—a principle in direct opposition to Putin . Here , it 's not easy to be outspoken politically : Journalists and activists disappear or are poisoned ( there 's even a Wikipedia page dedicated to journalists killed in Russia ) and more recently , a number of Putin 's critics have been “ randomly ” killed from blunt force trauma or bullets . As for gay rights ? Forget about it . Russia is a country notorious for violence against homosexuals—especially after Putin made it illegal to promote homosexual propaganda in 2013 .
Though the current political scene casts a dark shadow , a survey of Trump souvenirs on Moscow 's famous tourist-trap street Arbat still provokes a few laughs . One Trump nesting doll houses increasingly smaller former United States presidents within : Obama , Bush , Clinton , and so on . Trump-Putin T-shirts share shelves with coffee cups glazed with Trump 's face . I have no idea who would buy these pieces of warped memorabilia but the shopkeeper insists that there are plenty of people : Americans and Russians alike . Whether or not he is telling the truth , the sight is dumb , funny , and hilarious . But more importantly , it all boils down to one thing : “ It 's all about propaganda . Russia , USA , ” Shapovalova writes . “ All the same. ” A few days later , when I am leaving Moscow , I end up at the airport gift shop . I am torn between two choices : A Russian translation of Nicholas Sparks 's Safe Haven for some light reading and one of those Trump-Putin T-shirts I saw on Arbat street—a gag gift for one of my Russophile friends . I go with Safe Haven—there 's enough Trump garbage back home already .
WASHINGTON , July 10 ( Reuters ) - The United States must respond more aggressively to China 's territorial claims in Asia , an influential U.S. Republican said on Thursday , warning that failure to do so would bring “ death by a thousand cuts . ”
Mike Rogers , chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives ' intelligence committee , said Washington should be less concerned with Chinese sensibilities when dealing with Beijing .
The congressman 's comments came as China and the United States concluded two days of talks in Beijing aimed at managing an increasingly complex and at times testy relationship .
“ We need to be more direct ; we need to be more aggressive , ” he told a conference at Washington 's Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank .
“ We need to empower our friends and our allies in the region to be more direct and more aggressive , ” he added in comments reflecting Republican frustration with Democratic President Barack Obama 's cautious approach to China , a country that is both a strategic rival and major economic partner for the United States .
Rogers said China was taking advantage of security distractions elsewhere in the world to pursue its territorial claims incrementally , at the expense of weaker neighbors .
“ It 's really death by a thousand cuts ... when you start adding the totality of it and looking at those brewing clouds of conflict , this is as serious as it gets . ”
Rogers accused China of “ gluttonous , naked aggression ” in pursuit of its territorial claims and said he expected to see as a response , “ a serious escalation of our ability to expand cooperation ” with U.S. allies and partners in Asia .
“ This is our chance to push back , to change the calculus , to change the outcome ... this is our chance to let China understand that they should not question American resolve when it comes to the freedom of navigation , the freedom of trade and commerce , in the South China Sea , ” he said .
Ways to do this included increased sharing of intelligence and expanded military cooperation with China 's neighbors , Rogers said .
The Strategic and Economic Dialogue between the United States and china , now in its fifth year , ended on Thursday with little immediate sign of progress on Asian maritime issues or the thorny issue of cyber-spying . The two sides did agree to strengthen cooperation in counter-terrorism , law enforcement and military-to-military relations .
Washington says it has not taken sides on China 's territorial disputes , but it has been increasingly forceful in recent months in its criticism of China 's behavior . ( Reporting by David Brunnstrom ; editing by Andrew Hay )
As President Barack Obama prepares to go to Congress tonight to speak to lawmakers about his plans for the economy , some Republican lawmakers are making preparations of their own — to be elsewhere .
For example :
• Tea Party favorite Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina said he did n't think he would attend because , as he told Fox News , he is “ sick and tired of ( the president 's ) speeches . ”
• Sen. David Vitter said he would listen to the president 's speech from his home in Louisiana , where he was going to watch football . “ Family and friends coming over for big game , ” he wrote on Facebook , referring to the NFL 's opener between the New Orleans Saints and the Green Bay Packers . Kickoff is after the president 's speech .
• Rep. Paul Broun of Georgia plans to be in his office during the speech and hold a “ Twitter town hall ” so he can “ interact with his constituents , ” a spokeswoman said . She told CBS News that Broun is a “ multitasker ” and would watch the speech at the same time .
• Rep. Joe Walsh told MSNBC that he 'll be back in his home state , Illinois . He went so far as to claim that the president is “ abusing ” his position by asking to speak before a joint session of Congress . He said such sessions were reserved “ for heads of states ... and presidents in moments in crisis , and monumental moments. ” He tried to dismiss the president 's speech by calling it “ political theater . ”
Have Walsh and his colleagues forgotten that the nation is in the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression ? Americans need help , and it is disgraceful that any Republicans would boycott the president 's speech , much less try to dismiss it out of hand .
But this is typical for the Republicans , who have tried to block many key policy proposals in Congress as part of their effort to tear down the president and help their own party in next year 's election . And yet they have the audacity to call the president 's actions political .
In the meantime , the nation 's economy is sagging .
Republicans should be in Washington working with the president to find ways to stimulate the economy . But we do n't expect the Republicans to change , much less embrace anything in the speech — if they even listen . They may be too busy tweeting , watching the pregame show or just complaining about the president .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia said on Thursday it was dissatisfied with talks held with U.S. officials to address concerns that Moscow had violated a Cold War-era arms control agreement by testing a ground-launched cruise missile .
Relations between the two countries are at their lowest since the Cold War because of Russia 's role in the crisis in Ukraine , and both Moscow and Washington question the other 's commitment to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty .
Russia argues that Washington 's use of drones and other intermediate-range arms amounts to a violation of the treaty and has said that planned U.S. weapons tests in Romania and Poland may also breach the agreement .
The talks in Moscow were attended by U.S . Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Rose Gottemoeller . The U.S. side had no immediate comment , said a spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Moscow .
“ We were not satisfied with their answers , ” said the Russian Foreign Ministry 's arms control chief Mikhail Ulyanov , who represented the Russian side at the talks .
“ We would have liked our American colleagues to have formed their concerns more clearly and understandably , not in general , but concretely , ” he told Russian news agency Itar-Tass .
The INF treaty eliminated nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km ( 300-3,400 miles ) near the end of the Cold War .
Russian Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov said last month Moscow was committed to the treaty but President Vladimir Putin has questioned whether it meets Russia 's interests .
Ulyanov said no further meetings were planned but that he hoped the dialogue on the treaty would continue .
“ We have many channels through which it is possible to carry out a conversation and exchange information , ” he said .
He said Russia had voiced concerns over planned U.S. ground-launched arms tests next year in Romania and in 2018 in Poland , which he said the U.S. side assured him would only use anti-rocket defenses and would not fall foul of the treaty .
Strava has unveiled a new Global Heatmap based on more than 1 billion activities uploaded to the social network , with six times as much data as was in the original version , released in 2015 .
The Global Heatmap , which you can access here , allows you to zoom into an area in minute detail , and to filter by type of activity – for example , ride , run , water activity or winter activity . Here 's London , filtered by 'Ride . '
According to Strava , it is “ the biggest and richest publicly available dataset of its kind , ” and comprises :
Over 1 billion activities from over 10 million athletes 3 trillion latitude/longitude points 10 terabytes of raw input data A total distance of 27 billion km ( 17 billion miles ) A total duration of 200 thousand years 12 trillion pixels rasterized 5 % of all land on Earth covered .
Strava CEO James Quarles said : “ A global community can seem very abstract until you see its activities visually represented in your immediate location and across the world .
“ It 's not just runners and cyclists , either – skiers , hikers , kiteboarders and even mountaineers on Everest are all counted in the more than 1 billion uploads of the Strava community . ”
The Global Heatmap has been developed in partnership with Strava Metro , which works alongside cities around the world to improve facilities for people on foot and on bikes .
Jorge G. Coelho , who is Mobility Project Manager at AMAL , an association of local councils in Portugal 's Algarve region , said : `` The Strava Heatmap is enlightening because it lets us connect the bike riders we spot on the streets with a broader perspective of our territory , over space and time .
“ Strava Metro then gives us the possibility to dive much deeper , breaking down data minute-by-minute and segment-by-segment for the entire road network .
It 's a bit like our Pasteis de Belém : they 're good to smell , but you have to really sink your teeth into them to fully take advantage , '' he added .
TD Paul Murphy has called for anti-water charge campaigners to breach a court ordered injunction preventing them from interfering with the installation of water meters .
TD Paul Murphy has called for anti-water charge campaigners to breach a court ordered injunction preventing them from interfering with the installation of water meters .
Mr Murphy said he would breach such an injunction himself , and encouraged others to do the same .
Speaking to Newstalk , he said :
“ There was an injunction given to a private company , to prevent people going within 20 metres of water meters .
“ There was no finding of criminal acts by the judge .
“ The court should never have given such an order . People have an absolute right to protest , and to protest peacefully . ”
He called for widespread defiance of any injunctions ordered by the courts .
“ There should now be widespread defiance of any injunction relating to water meter installation , People can not be intimidated from protesting .
“ I would be happy to breach such an injunction , I would encourage others to breach such an injunction .
“ How many people are they willing to jail to get these water meters in ? ”
Mr Murphy made his comments after several anti-water charge protesters were jailed yesterday for breaching a court order to stay 20 metres away from water meter installations .
The protesters can purge their contempt at any time , by agreeing to obey the court order .
Online Editors
Last year saw no shortage of releases from the budding record label Pentimento Music Company , and 2012 is looking to be even better . In addition to new records by Dan P. and Rodeo Ruby Love , the company has revealed that Toh Kay ( Tomas Kalnoky ) is preparing a 2012 release , in addition to the upcoming Streetlight Manifesto original follow-up to 2010 's 99 Songs Of Revolution .
The update reads as follows :
“ They are happening – records , that is . It seems like almost everyone is working a new one , Streetlight Manifesto , Dan P , Rodeo Ruby Love , and Toh Kay are all at different stages of preparing new records . With that said , it is safe to say that the coming months will be full of exciting announcements . ”
A new album by Toh Kay would be his third release , following 2010 's You By Me Vol . 1 ( DS review here ) and 2011 's Streetlight Lullabies ( DS review here ) . The upcoming Streetlight release will be the band 's first original work since 2007 's Somewhere In The Between ( DS review here ) .
Stay tuned for a flurry of updates over the next few weeks as we learn more about these projects .
A RARE 50-year-old bottle of Glenfiddich whisky is expected to fetch up to £15,000 at auction in the Capital next month – the equivalent of nearly £750 per nip .
The whisky was bottled in 1991 from casks filled in 1937 and 1939 and is numbered 448 of an edition of a limited edition .
Interest is expected from around the world . Picture : Bonhams
It has been described as having a “ complex nose with floral notes , tobacco leaf and a hint of smoke ” .
The bottle comes in its original fitted wooden presentation case and is accompanied by a certificate of authenticity provided by The Glenfiddich distillery .
SEE ALSO : £3m fund created in China to buy rare Scotch whiskies
Bonhams Whisky Specialist Martin Green commented : “ The Glenfiddich 50-year-old is one of the most sought-after whiskies at auction and always excites much interest when it appears .
“ Whisky collecting is very much an international pursuit and I would not be surprised to see bidding for this bottle from the USA and countries in the Far East as well as closer to home . ”
SEE ALSO : Rare Macallan M whisky sold for £380,000
The sale also features three bottles of Black Bowmore 1964 to be sold separately with estimates of £4,000-4,500 per lot . Bottled in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 respectively , they represent the three editions of 1964 whisky distilled by Morrison 's Bowmore Distillery in casks previously used to age Oloroso Sherry .
As usual , the sale also offers some rarely seen bottles including The Glenrothes-Glenlivet 20-year-old distilled in 1946 and bottled in 1966 by Hepburn & Ross Ltd , Glasgow . It is estimated at £1,500-1,800 .
DOWNLOAD THE EDINBURGH EVENING NEWS APP ON ITUNES OR GOOGLE PLAY
The company was founded in 1920 by two former First World War soldiers with experience of the whisky trade , Charles Hepburn and Herbert Ross , and had a policy of employing almost exclusively demobilised servicemen .
Although the firm passed out of the founders ' hands in 1959 , its name persists and it is still remembered as the original producers of a blended whisky called Red Hackle after the decoration worn in the Tam O'Shanters of the Black Watch Regiment in place of a cap badge .
The Fine Whisky Sale takes place at Bonhams , 22 Queen Street , Edinburgh EH2 on 2 March starting at 11.00 .
The Academy has officially revealed the films nominated for Best Visual Effects , Best Animated Feature and Best Animated Short Film .
Kubo and the Two Strings is the first feature to be nominated for both Best Visual Effects and Best Animated Feature categories , while Walt Disney Animation Studios scores two Best Animated Feature nods for Moana and Zootopia respectively .
Pixar employees Andrew Coats and Lou Hamou-Lhadj received a nomination for Best Animated Short Film for Borrowed Time , a CG short they created in their spare time using Pixar in-house tech .
Also nominated for Best Animated Short Film is Pearl , the first VR animated short to receive an Oscar nomination .
Check out the full nominations below :
Best Visual Effects
Best Animated Feature
Kubo and the Two Strings
Moana
My Life as a Zucchini
The Red Turtle
Zootopia
Best Animated Short Film
Blind Vaysha , Theodore Ushev
Borrowed Time , Andrew Coats and Lou Hamou-Lhadj
Pear Cider and Cigarettes , Robert Valley and Cara Speller
Pearl , Patrick Osborne
Piper , Alan Barillaro and Marc Sondheimer
The 89th Academy Awards will be held on 26 February 2017 .
Bombardier is seeking an injunction against Metrolinx after the regional transit authority declared the Canadian transportation giant ineligible to bid on an upcoming contract , which Bombardier estimates will be worth more than $ 2 billion .
Metrolinx announced a Request for Qualification ( RFQ ) on July 21 , which is a search for a new , experienced operator to help them through their next phase of system upgrades .
In a statement , the transit authority said it needs an experienced operator with the skills to help it move towards its goals , including the implementation of the GO Regional Express Rail ( RER ) plan and the addition of four times the amount of train trips per week , from 1,500 to 6,000 . The RFQ process allows Metrolinx to identify those interested and qualified .
Metrolinx spokesperson Anne Marie Aikins said Bombardier was excluded because the first half of the awarded contract will involve the operator conducting a full review of the operations , maintenance and services provided by the transit authority .
`` Our current operations and service providers , like Bombardier ... could n't oversee this function objectively . So that 's why Bombardier will not be eligible to fulfil that role , '' she said .
All companies involved with Metrolinx maintenance , operations excluded
CBC Toronto has learned CN , CP and PNR Railworks are also excluded from the bidding process . Those companies are also currently involved in the maintenance of trains or tracks for Metrolinx , so they would have a conflict of interest when putting together a review , Aikins said .
Bombardier filed an application Tuesday for the decision to be reviewed by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice .
`` Bombardier believes this decision to be improper , arbitrary , unfair , unreasonable , and contrary to Metrolinx 's legal obligations and public duties , as a procurement agency , to provide fair and equal access , '' the transit company said in a statement .
Bombardier is asking for its designation as an ineligible bidder to be removed , and for the court to extend the timeline for the contract bidding process so the company will be able to prepare its own submission .
The original timeline to bid on the contract gave companies a month , until Aug. 28 , to have their submissions ready , but after concerns over a tight timeline from potential bidders , Metrolinx extended that deadline to Sept. 12 .
Bombardier 's current contract does not include oversight of operations , which is what will be awarded in this contract .
The current contract does include maintenance roles and driving Metrolinx trains , but it expires in 2023 . Those specific roles could still be renewed , Aikins said .
`` Bombardier could work with this operator to be the drivers of the trains , '' she said . `` We would n't want to lose that experience that they have . ''
As for Bombardier 's accusation that Metrolinx unfairly excluded them , Aikins said she 'd leave those arguments for the court .
Second injunction this year
It 's not the first time Bombardier has taken Metrolinx to court .
A judge ruled in April that the transit agency could not get out of a $ 770-million contract with Bombardier for light rail vehicles .
Metrolinx wanted to get out of the contract because of repeated delays from Bombardier in living up to its end of the bargain to supply 182 vehicles for a planned transit expansion .
Bombardier filed the lawsuit in February after Metrolinx accused the company last summer of being in breach of the contract it signed in 2010 .
An injunction was granted , preventing Metrolinx from cancelling the deal .
Ron Paul , the candidate for the Republican nomination for the presidential elections is the potential saviour of America ; a country that is now deep in the grip of the Zionists and the fascists in the Congress .
He is a libertarian , he believes in the constitution and no more wars . He wants to close down useless departments in the US government and take a trillion a year out of the deficit .
He is not owned by the Jews like the others candidates Gingrich , Romney , Perry and Bachmann , but Ron Paul is leading in the Iowa primary , he is attacked right and left by the Jewish owned and dominated media in the US , they are going nuts ; some media outlets are pretending he 's not in the race .
If he wins , America can be saved , if he looses or he 's rubbed out , then the fascists take over . But there is another force that is anti the Jews and their New World Order , and that is the red neck vigilante-militia units in Idaho and elsewhere .
In the end it will become a civil war between the goons of control and the redneck militias . From visions I can see the vigilantes win in the end . Especially in the west , California and so forth .
Here 's why : The goons are fine when beating up women , or pepper spraying people that are sitting on the ground , but they will never enter a fair fight , and that was proved at the time of Katrina in New Orleans when citizens opened fire on the police and the fuzz almost all ran away and abandoned their posts .
And secondly , as the system collapses the cops wo n't get paid , and a few will feel remorse and anger as their family and friends are rounded up and beaten up and imprisoned without trial , and then some of the cops and some of the military will join the anti-Jewish , anti-NWO forces , and they will side with the militia forces in the woods .
I said many years ago , the last battle of Armageddon is against the ghouls in the inner world and the Jewish control in our world . And America is waking up to the control exercised by these people , that is why people are protesting against the Federal Reserve and the scammers on Wall Street .
The eventual collapse of Wall Street will weaken the Jews a lot . ( Israel is rubbed out eventually , I was shown that very clearly in a series of immense vision in 2001 and then again in 2008 ) .
My prediction is the Zionist controlled fascists in America will reign for a while , even if it is after the Ron Paul presidency , and that the vigilantes win in the end .
Real estate is cheap in Idaho . I went to a lake there once it was very pretty . Stuart Wilde
to make a donation to Ron Paul go to https : //secure.ronpaul2012.com/
© Stuart Wilde . All rights reserved .
Silent Power by Stuart Wilde
“ Here in this tiny book , I 'll tell you about the power , its mystery , and how to get it . There 's a simple trick you have to learn . Once you 've got that , silent power becomes your unspoken credential . It 's a charisma that gradually grows and develops around you… ” Order Silent Power by Stuart Wilde
Please Feel Free to Share This Article on Other Sites to Help People Wake Up . Thank You .
Angered by employees of two news channels who were protesting being blacked out in the state , Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has threatened to bury those who insult Telangana `` 10 feet under the earth '' .
`` Those who insult Telangana , its existence and prestige , will be buried 10 feet under the earth , '' Rao said at a function in Nakkalagutta in Warangal district .
“ If you demean our culture , you have no place here . I am saying this as Chief Minister , ” Rao was quoted as saying in The Hindu .
`` You insult public representatives branding them as drunken monkeys , you describe them as lumpens and you call every name you like . What sort of freedom is it and what sort of culture is it ? '' Rao reportedly said .
The chief minister 's statement came after employees of two news channels protested at the event he was attending to commemorate the birth centenary of Kaloji Narayana Rao , a poet and literary critic .
The media persons were from the TV channels ABN Andhra Jyothi and TV 9 were protesting the decision by the body of cable TV providers in the state blocking the transmission of their channels since 16 June .
The association of the service providers had stopped the service alleging the channels aired programmes `` denigrating the Telangana dialect , sentiment and feelings '' of the people of the state .
The Chief Minister , however , also indicated which side he was backing .
`` I salute multiple system operators who stopped transmission of the two television channels . If they ( TV channels ) do not mend their attitude , I will teach them a lesson , '' the Chief Minister said .
The police detained about 25 journalists and took them to Subedari police station , from where they were released .
The Telangana Assembly had earlier passed a resolution earlier , authorising the Speaker to initiate any action as he deemed fit against TV9 for airing an alleged `` objectionable programmes '' and `` belittling comments '' about MLAs .
The Telangana Chief Minister is known for his colourful statements and in the past has said he is willing to be 'Hitler 's grandfather ' .
`` One says KCR is Hitler , another says KCR is dictator ; KCR is definitely Hitler for thieves . I want to be Hitler for the corrupt . I do n't feel shy . KCR is Hitler to stop injustice . I can even be Hitler 's grandfather , '' Rao had said on 17 August .
with PTI inputs
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe expressed support for US “ resolve ” against chemical weapons Friday after Washington attacked an air base in Syria . “ The Japanese government supports the US government 's resolve that it will never tolerate the spread and use of chemical weapons , ” Abe told reporters .
Advertising
“ We highly value President ( Donald ) Trump 's strong commitment to the maintenance of international order and the peace and safety of allies and the world , ” Abe added . Trump ordered a massive military strike on the Syrian base in retaliation for what he said was a “ very barbaric attack ” that is suspected to have contained a nerve agent .
“ The international community has received a great shock in the face of a terrible situation in which even young children became victims , ” Abe said , referring to Tuesday 's suspected chemical attack . “ This is extremely inhumane and violates UN resolutions . ”
( Newser ) – Michael Hunter stood quietly as a judge sentenced the former New Orleans police officer today to eight years in federal prison for his role in the cover-up and deadly shooting of unarmed civilians who were searching for food after Hurricane Katrina . The sentence by US District Judge Sarah Vance was the maximum allowed and nine months more than the sentencing guidelines recommended . Vance called the police shooting on the Danziger Bridge that killed two and wounded four civilians `` sickeningly brutal . ''
Hunter admitted firing at the people on the bridge , although he knew they were unarmed and posed no threat , but said he did not hit anyone . But Vance pointed out that he did nothing to stop his fellow officers from firing , in fact watching an officer shoot one mentally disabled man `` in the back at close range . '' Hunter , who pleaded guilty as part of a deal with prosecutors , is one of five former officers who have pleaded guilty in the shootings . Six other current or former officers also have been indicted on charges related to the shooting and cover-up . ( Read more Michael Hunter stories . )
For nearly 30 years , the St. Mary the Virgin Anglican Church has sat empty and unused behind a chain link fence on the side of the New Maryland highway .
The door of the church has a large florescent yellow 'No Trespassing ' sign , next to a plaque that states the church is a provincial heritage site .
It 's shame the distinctive wooden church is n't valued as the treasure it is , says well-known Fredericton architect John Leroux .
The door to the church warns trespassers to stay away . ( Sarah Petz/CBC )
A committee formed by the Anglican Parish of New Maryland to determine what to do with the church asked Leroux to evaluate what condition the church was in , and report back to them .
While the building will need some work , Leroux says it 's an `` absolute stunner '' inside .
Pre-Confederation building
Its history also makes it one of the most important churches in the province , he said .
The church was built between 1863 and 1864 , making it a pre-Confederation building .
It was designed by Edward Medley , who was the son of Bishop John Medley , the man responsible for the Christ Church Cathedral in Fredericton .
Edward Medley designed five or six churches in New Brunswick after being trained by one of the most important architects in England . He was also an Anglican priest .
The church was built between 1863 and 1864 , making it a pre-Confederation building . ( Sarah Petz/CBC )
`` It 's a spectacular gothic revival building . It 's one of the most important churches in New Brunswick and it 's been kind of abandoned or forsaken for the last 30 years , '' Leroux said .
`` I alway say , we should n't ignore our treasures , we should embrace them , and I think we have a chance to do that now . ''
Parish mulls options
Leroux presented his findings to the parish committee at a public meeting last week .
New Maryland Mayor Judy Wilson-Shee , who is the chairperson of the committee , said since the meeting she 's heard from several people who are interesting developing some options for the use of the church .
`` I think what stuck with a lot of people , they 've never seen the inside of that church , '' she said .
`` The inside is in excellent condition , it 's really being . ''
New Maryland Mayor Judy Wilson-Shee is the chair of the parish committee looking into whether the church can be saved . ( Sarah Petz/CBC )
The next step in the new year will be to come up with a business plan for the redevelopment of the church , she said .
But as both the mayor and chair of the committee , Wilson-Shee says she 's trying to stay neutral about the best option for the building .
In any case , a solid business plan will be necessary if the church is to be re-purposed , she said .
`` Anyone can have an idea , but you have to have a business plan . You have to know how you are going to accomplish , what you 're setting out to do , '' she said .
A community project
Ultimately , it will be up to the parish , who still own the church , to decide what happens with the church .
Leroux said he thinks the building could be used as a community centre where concerts or lectures are held .
`` We want to make this a community project . This is n't about an Anglican church , this is about a beautiful piece of architecture and about returning it back to the community , '' he said .
The Smith & Wesson 6904 is the third generation of the 69 series 9mm compact semi-automatic pistols . This pistol was designed to be small enough to carry concealed , yet powerful enough to earn Law Enforcement and even some military uses . With a 3.5 '' barrel and 12 round capacity magazines , this Single Action/Double Action pistol has a blued carbon slide and a blackened aluminum alloy frame which makes it easy to handle and extremely accurate . This safe action pistol comes with an ambidextrous safety and de-cocker , which enables both left and right hand shooters to safely operate and enjoy this weapon . The 6904 was issued to Law Enforcement Agencies from coast to coast as well as other governments around the world , and is still on the `` approved '' list for off-duty officers to carry . Most agencies have traded-in their 6904 's for the newer , polymer guns . These agencies have reported that the Smith & Wesson 6904 was durable , dependable and accurate and many of the officers purchased their 6904 from the department after switching to other guns .
GRADE GUIDE :
A - For a show-caliber collection
Light holster wear on edges of the slide and/or frame
Mild corrosion in slide serrations
Near-perfect grips
Clean bore
B - For collectors who want to occasionally shoot their gun without greatly affecting its value
Moderate holster wear on slide , forward frame and/or trigger guard
Superficial corrosion in slide serrations and grip details
Negligible scratches in the grips
Minor bore wear
C - For a reliable side arm
Significant holster wear on slide , frame , backstrap marking and/or trigger guard
Mild corrosion around edges and details
Worn and/or lightly scratched grips
Slight scoring and/or corrosion of the bore
D - For shooting enjoyment
It 's 5:30 p.m. on a Wednesday when Method Man calls , almost completely out of nowhere . With a well-documented and acrimonious history with the media—as well as Wu-Tang 's overall reputation for playing hard to get with journalists over the years—it was unexpected , particularly when Meth started going in against the online media . `` Honestly , I do n't do interviews anymore , '' he says over the phone . `` But I do feel respect—you guys still have some type of cred as far as I go , and I respect what you guys do , forreal . I just do n't like the website at all , I do n't like any websites at all . ''
As the interview goes on , Meth opens up about a number of topics that have bugged him over the years : his image as a stoner , his contentious relationship with critics , his relationship with Def Jam that caused him to rush his lyric writing in the late-1990s and early-2000s , and his continued work with Redman . But it 's the music he 's working on now , specifically his next ( and last ) album , The Crystal Meth and the upcoming Wu-Tang 20th Anniversary album , set to be titled A Better Tomorrow , that really gets him talking .
`` I 'm tellin ' you , I 'm hard-bodied , dawg ... I 'm back to cadence , '' he says animatedly . `` My flows are gon na be switchin ' all over the place—dudes will not be able to keep up . '' —Dan Rys ( @ danrys )
I caught your new track with Doctor P and Adam F. It definitely seemed like something very different than some of the other music you 've rapped over in the past .
Yeah . I do n't rap though . I 'm serious , I do n't , I do n't rap . I flow , I 'm a flow-er . You 've got rappers , you got MCs , and then you got flow-ers , I 'm a flow-er . How can I describe it ? Busta—he 's a flow-er . He 's wrapped up in his cadence , you know what I mean ? Yeah , I fall into that category , I do n't rap , G. I 'm an MC and I 'm a flow-er .
Have you been working on The Crystal Meth recently ?
No comment . 'Cause when my shit does come , it 's gon na come—and I 'm not letting anybody know shit based on the fact that I was dogged down on my last two albums , or really my last one , and my last one was pretty good . It was pret-ty good , and I got dogged down on it . So , yeah .
`` My motto is mean people suck . I hate mean people . I believe that there are n't enough train wrecks that people are forcing them now , trying to get under people 's skin and shit like that . ''
What do you mean ?
I 'm not getting into the details of all of those bloggers trying to assassinate me and shit .
I do n't go out trying to assassinate anybody , man .
No , not you , not you , it 's never really the interviewers , it 's the people that have their little two cents they put in in the comments and that . I 'm so cool on that . Because you ca n't beat everybody up , and I am wanting to . So I do n't give them anything to feed off anymore .
I know you were out with Redman again . How did that go ?
It never stops . See , when we 're not on y'all radar , you guys have no idea what we 're doing . We 've been touring since we 've been touring , it never stops . We are always going out and doing shit , it 's just not always on your guys ' radar . That 's why I 'm surprised by this interview really , because I do n't know . I check in every now and then . I 'll check out certain blog sites and shit like that , I 'll check out XXL . They never really have anything nice to say anymore and shit . It 's like everybody wants to one-up on everybody in being mean and shit , and honestly , my motto is mean * people suck . I hate mean people . People who just pick at you and try to force you into a train wreck . I believe that there are n't enough train wrecks that people are forcing them now , trying to get under people 's skin and shit like that .
`` You just got ta understand , I 've been doing this shit for a long time , and in the past few years , I 've seen this change with the media , and it 's ugly as hell . ''
Even with Chris Brown , so to speak . If he was a regular dude , and dude photobombed him like that , jumped up in his photo , it 's like , `` What are you doing , motherfucker ? I 'm taking a picture here . '' I woulda whooped his ass , too . But based off the fact that it 's Chris Brown , they 're making a big deal about it . I feel bad for the dude . And the bloggers , all these other sideline people with their opinions are n't making it any better .
My thing is , if you were in that same situation , how would you have handled it ? Maybe you would n't have handled it in the same way Chris did , but you would have been just as angry . Do n't fuckin ' act like he 's some kind of animal and shit—that 's human nature , he got angry , he just took it a little bit further . But I know , I 'm going off topic and shit . You just got ta understand , I 've been doing this shit for a long time , and in the past few years , I 've seen this change with the media , and it 's ugly as hell . I do n't believe in kissing an artist 's ass , I believe in going right for the story , but when you 're trying to make a fuckin ' story ? How tacky is that ? How tactless ? And that 's what it feels like now .
It seems like a race to opinion—everybody wants to have the first opinion rather than think about it more .
Yeah , and if it 's too popular of an opinion , there 's always somebody who has to go against it . Honestly , I do n't do interviews anymore . I did this , because in a funny way I still do respect XXL and what they do , because The Source ... well , I 'm not gon na get into all that . [ Laughs ] But I do feel respect—you guys still have some type of cred as far as I go , and I respect what you guys do , forreal . I just do n't like the website at all , I do n't like any websites at all .
* Ed . Note : An earlier version of this story quoted Method Man as saying `` meeting people '' due to a transcription error . The text has been updated .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - An Islamist group in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula bordering Israel said on Tuesday it will take revenge against the Jewish state for the killing of Palestinian militants in Gaza at the weekend .
Islamist militants have stepped up attacks on security forces in Sinai and the Israeli border since the ouster last year of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , who had worked closely with Israel to secure the border region .
Egypt 's new president , Mohamed Mursi , has vowed to restore order , but efforts to impose central authority in the desert region are complicated by the indigenous Bedouin population 's ingrained hostility to the government in Cairo .
“ We , Ansar Bayt al-Maqdes group tell the Jews that the blood of our brothers in Palestine is ours and their revenge is ours ... So wait for our painful reply and revenge , ” the group said in a statement posted on Islamist websites .
An Israeli airstrike killed two Palestinian militants , including the leader of an al Qaeda-affiliated group in the Gaza Strip , on Saturday . Three other militants were killed on Sunday .
The Ansar Bayt al-Maqdes ( Supporters Of Jerusalem ) group had claimed responsibility for several attacks on Israel from Sinai .
KIBBUTZ NIRIM — Israeli communities in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip are enjoying a surge in growth thanks to the ongoing construction of an underground barrier along the border , with families now feeling safer to live in the area , a local council head said .
Israel is pressing ahead with construction of the barrier , in an ambitious project meant to halt the threat of attack tunnels built by Hamas .
Gadi Yarkoni , head of the local Eshkol regional council , said the project is a key reason that the area is now attracting young families , after a devastating war with Hamas three years ago .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ I believe building the barrier is the right thing to do , to build in order to stop and to give an answer to the issue of the tunnels , and to the issue of the communities in the area , ” he said . “ The surge in development in this area is unbelievable . ”
Cranes and work crews are digging holes and installing sensors and other equipment for the structure , which is expected to stretch along the entire 60-kilometer ( 40-mile ) border when it is complete .
During the 2014 war , Hamas terrorists on several occasions made their way into Israel through a tunnel network dug below the border . Although they did not manage to reach civilian areas , the infiltrations terrified the local population . Israel destroyed 32 tunnels during that conflict , and since then has made neutralizing the tunnel threat a top priority .
Israeli defense officials have said little about the new barrier project or how much of it has been completed . At one construction zone , a sign said “ military zone — no passage , ” and Associated Press reporters could not approach as cranes and bulldozers were at work .
Last week , Maj. Gen. Eyal Zamir , head of the army 's Southern Command , which is responsible for Gaza , told reporters the project would take about two years to complete .
He said the barrier would stretch several meters above and below ground and be equipped with sophisticated sensors . It 's being built entirely on the Israeli side of the border , to avoid friction with Hamas .
Atai Shelach , a retired colonel and former commander of the Israeli military 's “ Yahalom ” unit in charge of dismantling the terror tunnels , said the new barrier would be a game-changer , but would not solve the problem on its own .
“ It is part of a cocktail , or a combination of many other solutions , ” he said . Neutralizing the tunnel threat will also require good intelligence and operational decisions by the army , he said . Otherwise , terrorists will eventually figure out how to get through .
“ That barrier can prevent war , ” he said , because it will be harder for Hamas and other terror groups to “ create surprises ” that frighten Israeli residents .
Israel and Hamas have fought three wars since the Islamist terror group seized control of Gaza from Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in 2007 .
While Hamas has largely respected a ceasefire that ended the last round of fighting in 2014 , it is believed to be building new tunnels and re-arming in preparation for future conflict .
Hamas seeks Israel 's destruction .
“ All the measures by the occupation on the border will not provide security for them , ” said Hazem Qasem , a spokesman for the group . “ As long as they occupy the Palestinian land and put a siege on our people in the Gaza Strip , the resistance will continue to possess all the means of force that enable it to defend the people against Israeli aggression , ” he said .
Israeli residents expressed mixed feelings about the new structure .
Miriam Diener , a resident of Kibbutz Nirim , a communal farm near the Gaza border , said Israel must seek peace with its neighbors , and not just build new barriers .
“ No fence will solve the problems , ” she said . “ Only peace will bring the possibility of a good economy , good education , good hospitals , good health . That is what is needed . ”
But Shimon Avraham , another kibbutz resident , said the project will put people at ease after the terrifying experience of tunnel attacks .
“ Now it makes things feel calmer , ” he said .
Ca n't find what you want ?
Search this site !
Can chickens fly ?
Ever wondered how it is that you put your flock in their run in the morning and by the time you 've finished breakfast they 're all over your back yard ?
You 're standing there asking yourself `` how in the world did that happen ? ''
Well , there 's a simple explanation . Chickens can fly !
Why chickens fly in the wild .
It 's a survival thing .
Our domesticated birds are descended from the wild jungle fowl of Asia . In the wild , it 's completely natural for them to fly .
They use their wings to escape predators and to roost in trees at night . Staying on the ground would be far too dangerous .
If you 've ever had light-bodied hens who have not got into the roost in time at night , you 'll often find them sitting quite happily in a tree nearby . It 's the remains of that inherited instinct to roost up high .
Can they fly far ?
No . Naturally speaking domestic chickens are n't good flyers - their body weight is too heavy for their wings to carry them any distance . They tend to do a kind of hop and flap motion .
It 's not terribly elegant !
Left to themselves , they 'll generally stay on the ground where they can forage for food . But they 'll fly if they have to - to escape predators , to roost , to get out of their run onto open land and occasionally , in my experience , just to prove who 's boss .
Trust me - it 's not easy getting a chicken down from a 60 foot high roof .
Have you ever seen a look on a rooster 's face that says `` I 'm the boss , lady '' ? ! Well , now you have !
Are fences chicken-proof when it comes to flying ?
Nope . Very high fences are more difficult for heavier breeds , but lighter breeds and bantams will fly over fences with no problem .
In fact , some of my own girls flew over our six foot high fence even after they 'd had one wing clipped . Everything I 'd read said they should n't be able to fly with one wing clipped .
I did n't know how they were doing it until I sat and watched them .
They hopped onto a branch which took them about halfway up the fence - and then they flapped their wings long enough to get over to the other side .
They were lopsided and they were n't terribly elegant in the way they landed . But they did it .
A low fence is no barriers for a determined rooster !
Which brings us to the question of how high chickens can fly .
My Red Stars are very sociable . They love to come to the kitchen door for their breakfast every morning . And they will do anything to get there .
So I have personal experience of them flying between ten and fourteen feet off the ground when they really want to get somewhere .
Not all are that energetic , though , and the heavier breeds wo n't be able to get anything like that high . My Light and Speckled Sussexes , Marans and Wyandottes do n't bother trying to fly at all - but my bantams love to roost as high as possible .
My Polish just watch with disdain . They think that flying is something less cultured birds do .
But for those breeds that like to fly , four feet is easy for them . Six is getting more difficult but still very possible , even for the medium sized birds .
At what age can chicken fly ?
From when they 're just a couple of days old chicks develop wing feathers and as little chicks , their body weight is light enough to start experiment with using them . This little Wyandotte was flying around the room like an expert at just over one week old !
This is one of my Wyandotte chicks at just 4 days old . See how well her wings are already growing ?
Depending on the breed the flight feathers - the long feathers on the leading edge of the wing - start growing at day three or four after hatching and are fully developed by the age of between five and ten weeks .
Can all breeds fly ?
Technically most can , but not all choose to . Some prefer it more than others and some are just too heavy ever to get their bodies off the ground .
Bantams are the best flyers - their small body makes it easier for them to take off ! My Sablepoots are always roosting in trees rather than join others in the hen house at night .
Lighter bodied breeds like Araucanas are good flyers , and some just seem to enjoy flying - my own hybrid Red Stars just love to fly .
Heavier birds such as Orpingtons , Barred Rock , Leghorn and Australorp ca n't usually get the energy together and 'fancy ' breeds like Polish and Silkies definitely do n't want to get their feathers ruffled in flight !
My Polish chickens never wanted to fly even when they were very young .
Can chickens fly ? What the answer means for you .
If you live in a town and have a few hens in your back yard , your neighbours might not be terribly pleased that their lovely green lawn is being raked over by your marauding flock .
Hens are ruthless when it comes to grass - they can clear a patch in minutes ! And neighbours definitely wo n't be pleased that your girls have chomped down on their veggie patch , or used their lovely summer flower pots as dust-baths .
My chickens love my summer flower displays - to turn them into a chicken spa !
More importantly for your flock , though , is that flying can actually put them in danger .
Here 's a story to explain why .
Lulu 's story .
I had a problem . Our Red Stars love to free range - we have a lot of land - but our neighbour 's dogs were constantly roaming onto our property and our flock was not safe .
I thought I could manage it by supervising them - and then , one day , the dogs got little Lulu .
Two of my Red Stars . Lulu is the chicken on the right . She lost her tail feathers in a dog attack when she flew out of the run .
We were lucky - I got to her in time and although she was badly bitten ( and as you can see she lost a lot of tail feathers ) , she survived .
So I began to keep the flock in their run .
But the girls were n't happy . You know what they say - the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence .
They liked their run , but they liked to free range more .
So they flew . Red Stars are well known for it .
They flew over a six foot high fence . They flew in the morning and they flew in the afternoon .
I clipped one wing and they learned to fly with the other . I clipped both , and they hopped . Chickens can hop a long way , it seems .
I put them back in their run and they flew out again .
I tried to catch them and they flew into trees . I got them down and they perched on the roof .
Which proved to me beyond all doubt that not only can they fly - many chickens will do so at any given opportunity . It 's in their nature .
And that 's all fine except for ... well , you get the picture .
This is a pic of Claudia , who managed to get over the six foot fence with one wing clipped and landed safely on the compost heap .
There was only one solution ...
What are the possible solutions for chickens who fly ?
Flying hens can be fun to watch - but they can cause problems , too . Unhappy neighbours , plants and vegetable gardens destroyed , and worst of all , putting themselves at risk of attack from the waiting mouths of predators .
What can you do ?
There are different options available .
One is to put a cover - netting , for example - over the top of your run . That 's entirely possible , depending on its size .
Another option is to clip their wings . Personally , I do n't like taking any part of the body away from a living creature , but I decided - given that a six foot fence did n't stop them and my run is much too big to cover with netting - it was the only option to prevent my girls from flying into danger .
It 's not the answer for everyone , but it worked for me .
Clicking on the pic below will take you to a page showing you exactly how easy it is to clip chickens ' wings - and it does n't hurt them a bit . And if you 're interested to know more about the Famous Flying Red Stars , here 's a link to that page too . Enjoy !
If you 've found this page helpful , I 'd really appreciate it if you could let me know by clicking this little Facebook button . Thank you !
Have you had problems with flying chickens ?
If you enjoyed this article and found it helpful , I 'd love you to let me know by clicking this button - thank you !
Thank you for sharing the chicken love !
Top
Recently , Lightbend CTO and co-founder Jonas Bonér , whom I highly respect , was talking a bit about how synchronous HTTP is a bad choice , even an anti-pattern , for communication between microservices :
Synchronous RESTful communication between Microservices is an anti-pattern Jonas Bonér CTO Typesafe # vdz16 — openwms ( @ openwms ) March 3 , 2016
According to Bonér , synchronous REST is acceptable for public APIs , but internal communication between microservices should be based on asynchronous message-passing :
Sync REST could be ok in external client- > microservice comm , internal microservice- > microservice comm should rely on async message-passing — Jonas Bonér ( @ jboner ) March 4 , 2016
In a recent article on Lightbend 's new Lagom framework , this thinking is summarized even more briefly than in the aforementioned tweets :
Bonér cites the example of REST in microservices in particular as an example of this snafu [ … ]
Statements such as these are problematic , because they are confounding the protocol used for communication with the mode of integration between services .
In this blog post , I want to clarify how the terms used should be understood and show that HTTP and REST for internal service communication can be perfectly fine , as choosing to do so has nothing to do with whether your services integrate synchronously or asynchronously – and the latter question is what you should really be concerned with .
Let 's begin with the different levels at which we can talk about sync versus async :
Async IO
This simply means that when you communicate over the network ( e.g . with another service ) , your current thread is not blocked until the remote service has responded , but is free to do other things in between . Usually , it means it will serve other requests to your service until the service you have called has come back to you with a reply . The mechanisms for working with non-blocking IO are callbacks , futures , or streams . Async IO can help you to be able to serve more requests by keeping your CPUs busy , but as you will see , this is not the kind of asynchronicity you should be worried about when it comes to communication between your ( micro ) -services .
Asynchronous protocols
HTTP is a synchronous protocol : the client issues a request and waits for a response . If you are using non-blocking ( aka async ) IO , the current thread of the client does not really have to wait , but can do other things ( see above ) . Still , it can only continue doing whatever it wanted to do until it has received the server 's response .
In contrast to HTTP , message passing ( e.g . over AMQP , or between Akka actors ) is asynchronous . As a sender , you usually do n't wait for a response . This can be implemented with non-blocking IO , as it happens to be done in Akka , or with blocking IO , as it is done in JMS .
It is also perfectly possible to use a request-reply pattern using asynchronous message passing protocols .
Again , though , this is not the kind of asynchronicity we should be concerned with when thinking about communication between services .
Asynchronous service integration
In an ideal world , no communication whatsoever between your microservices should be necessary . And if it has to happen , it should be asynchronous .
What does this mean ? It is really quite simple : Do not communicate with other services during your own service 's request/response cycle . Ultimately , the goal is for your service to be available to the end-user even if other services that are part of the whole system are offline or unhealthy .
If you have to call other services in order to be able to serve a response to a request from a public client , this is really an architectural problem . Do n't blame the protocol ! It does n't matter whether you are using HTTP or asynchronous message passing ( with a request-reply pattern ) , the overall response time for the public client will be bad , and your service will not be as resilient as it could be , because it is coupled in time to the service it depends on .
If your service needs to trigger some action in another service , do that outside of the request/response cycle . You can use message passing or HTTP for this , it does n't really matter . If you really want to , I wo n't even prevent you from using blocking IO for this stuff . Actors are pretty nice for handling the communication with other services outside of your own request/response cycle , but any other mechanism using some kind of buffer or queue should work as well .
If your service relies on data that is located in another service , replicate that data into your own service 's data store , using eventual consistency . This also has the advantage that you can translate that data into the language of your own Bounded Context . You can either update your version of the data by receiving domain events via message passing , or by polling a RESTful notification resource , which can , for instance , be implemented using Atom . It is easy to dismiss the RESTful approach to service integration , but it can have some advantages that should n't be easily carelessly ignored : You can make use of the standard infrastructure of the web , e.g . HTTP caches , instead of having to reinvent the wheel . Also , your teams remain free in their choice of technology for the services each of them are responsible for . This is possible with message passing for integration as well , if you choose an open standardized protocol , but not if you , say , use Akka or Erlang message passing for communication between your services .
Self-contained systems
Unfortunately , it is not always possible to avoid synchronous integration completely : At least the communication with the database will usually have to be synchronous in the sense that it happens within the request-response cycle . You should strive to apply such necessary synchronous communication only in narrowly defined boundaries .
Such a boundary can , for example , be what we call a self-contained system ( SCS ) – an autonomous , isolated unit that includes its own data , logic , and UI . A system of self-contained systems is depicted below :
A system of decoupled systems
Whenever feasible , “ integration ” between two self-contained systems should happen in the UI , using good old hypertext links and/or transclusion . Where this is not possible , integration with other services should happen asynchronously using the techniques for asynchronous integration described above .
Summary
I hope this blog post helped to shed some light on what you should really care about when designing your services : decoupling in time , which can be achieved or violated with both REST and message passing .
If you want to learn more about the kind of decoupled , self-contained systems I mentioned above , please have a look at the SCS architecture website and feel free to participate in the discussion . Also , I would be happy to discuss my take on the asynchronous communication debate on Twitter .
Dwyer 's View : Rugby , the best game
We 've all known for a long long time that when Rugby is played this way it 's the best game .
After the match I was talking to the son of a friend of mine and his friend . He referred to his rugby league supporting friend and said
“ Michael says that the best game of football he 's ever seen . ”
Michael then piped up , “ No , that 's not right . That was the best sporting event I 've ever seen . ”
That 's saying something .
I 've been extremely lucky in my rugby life and have spent well over 50 years associated with a rugby club who believes ( but does n't always succeed ) that this is the way the game should always be played . So during my time there I was exposed to a club who thought this was the way the game should be played every week and every grade . I 've also been privileged to see some extremely talented individuals play that way .
( Something we used to talk about in practise was the ‘ hot potato ' . If someone shouted ‘ hot potato ' the ball would have to ping around non-stop . That 's what I saw again on Saturday night , with players moving forward and the ball being moved away from trouble and into space . )
So we can be hugely thankful to Michael Cheika that he has n't forgotten all that was instilled in him in his playing and early coaching days , and that he has the courage of his convictions .
To play this way means you have to risk failure to achieve success and this requires courage . To play this way and help your players to develop the fundamentals that enable you to play that way requires determination . He 's clearly got both . Full marks to Cheik , Grey and Gibson .
If we 're looking for a shot in the arm to a sporting code in the world 's most intensely competitive environment , then we got it .
It was never going to be an easy game , but the Waratahs never stopped trying to play the way they 've wanted to for two years . Eventually it gave them success .
They would have been dreadfully unlucky to have lost given they produced 65-75 % of the rugby during the game . The Crusaders are an excellent side but on the night the Waratahs were able to snuff out a lot of the Crusaders ' endeavour and so deny them the continuity they needed to score .
We would have to think Nadolo 's try was more than suspect . If the ball is propelled forward from your arms and you do not regain control of the ball , that is a knock on . The law does not say if the ball goes forward and you keep your hand on it , it 's ok. On top of that it seemed almost certain that his foot was on the touchline before he supposedly “ touched down ” .
It was certainly a great fightback by the Crusaders though and for them to get to the front showed how resilient and resourceful they are .
If we 're also looking for an indication that Rugby is a great team game , one of my old mates and Wallaby legend Gary Pearse said to his players – Rugby is the only game you ca n't play without your mates , as Rugby physically stops you from doing that for any amount of time .
All the 21 players used on Saturday made a contribution . If you could single out some I thought that Kurtley Beale 's performance was something else . I often refer to players as honest ( they keep presenting themselves for work ) and you could n't have had a more honest player than Kurtley Beale . He was constantly either realigning or running the ball .
The number of times Wycliff Palu presented himself was the best of his career . Adam Ashley-Cooper clearly had an outstanding game – when he gets in that channel with his fending arm free he 's a difficult customer .
It 's been a fantastic season , they 've been consistently the best team too .
A couple of things we were worried about did n't end up so bad . The scrum was n't too bad and one of the penalties against us was tough . The line out did struggle a couple of times but we pinched one of theirs too .
There were some wonderful moments that made up the game , but for me as I always look at any play as the sum total of the components . In Adam Ashley-Cooper 's first try , the intuitive ability of Stephen Hoiles to realise the ball needed to be shifted from the tackle instantaneously showed his intrinsic rugby understanding and ability to do it . People have doubted his size over time but never his ability . Hoilesy 's effort there was straight out of John Maxwell 's best .
I guess looking forward we 've got to think about how the Waratahs replace Kane Douglas and indeed how they produce another quality winger . At the moment we 're down to zero genuine high level wingers and we need another lineout second rower .
I think that the Waratahs have got more in them too . It 's interesting that Michael Cheika has been coach of Shute Shield , Celtic League , two Heineken Cup premierships and now a Super Rugby one . That 's some record .
As one of the Waratahs senior players said to me 18 months ago “ I love Michael Cheika , he 's straight forward and honest. ” I said that was quite a strong statement , but that surely these qualities are pretty fundamental . He said “ They are , but you rarely see them together ” .
Herein lies a good lesson for all aspiring coaches .
Guest Article by Peter “ Zoap ” Dill
Hi everyone , as we approach the tail end of 2015 there are still a good number of majors , Paragon and The Big House 5 being the closest , that many will be flying to . I 've been asked to give a brief guide on how to book cheap flights and when is the best time to do so .
I 've broken my process into several steps below with notes in each section .
Timing and Pricing
First let 's talk about the timing and pricing . When booking a flight there is a certain degree of “ right place , right time ” . Prices fluctuate daily and it 's often hard to predict . However with using price alerts and following the below you can optimize and minimize missing the best prices :
Prices tend to be lowest 6-8 weeks before the date of travel ( this means if you 're going to The Big House 5 , right now is the time to be booking your flight if you have n't already ) .
if you have n't already ) . Sales tend to happen near holidays , Southwest announces their weekly deals on Tuesday .
Price Alerts can be set to email you every day or even every time a certain search drops in price .
Finding a cheap flight means nothing if you have to pay baggage fees . Before booking check the airlines policies regarding bags . Some airlines * cough * Spirit * cough * charge an exuberant amount for bags .
Know your layovers and stops . Do you think it 's smarter to fly in the middle of winter through Minneapolis , or Phoenix ? Doing a little bit of forward thinking can prevent you from getting stuck and missing out on a tournament you just spent hundreds to attend .
Helpful Resources
Now let 's go over some of the resources available that make your life easier . You have plethora of sites that will search multiple airline simultaneously as well as allowing you to put up price alerts . Below are the 4 sites I use and the steps I take with each :
Kayak ( kayak.com ) : I start on Kayak and do a simple search with the airports in my area and the airports provided . Kayak also allows you to put a price alert on any search with notifications available daily .
: I start on Kayak and do a simple search with the airports in my area and the airports provided . Kayak also allows you to put a price alert on any search with notifications available daily .
Skiplagged ( skiplagged.com ) : My second step is to visit skip lagged . Skip lagged searches like Kayak with airports provided however it also is searching flights that have layovers in your destination with cheaper prices . I was able to book my going flight from San Francisco to Detroit for TBH5 for $ 112 simply because I chose a flight that was going to Dallas with a layover in Detroit .
: My second step is to visit skip lagged . Skip lagged searches like Kayak with airports provided however it also is searching flights that have layovers in your destination with cheaper prices . I was able to book my going flight from San Francisco to Detroit for TBH5 for $ 112 simply because I chose a flight that was going to Dallas with a layover in Detroit .
Southwest ( southwest.com ) : Southwest is a great place to start even before the other two sites mentioned . You get low fares , 2 free checked bags and get to pick your seat . I will always check Southwest for flights as they are often the same or lower , and even if you have to cancel your flight you do n't lose the money ( they will credit you for another future flight for the amount of the ticket purchased ) .
: Southwest is a great place to start even before the other two sites mentioned . You get low fares , 2 free checked bags and get to pick your seat . I will always check Southwest for flights as they are often the same or lower , and even if you have to cancel your flight you do n't lose the money ( they will credit you for another future flight for the amount of the ticket purchased ) .
Priceline ( priceline.com ) : Priceline is a great site to use and is very similar to Kayak , but it is known more for the “ Name your price ” than its ability to compare standard prices . Name your price allows you to get highly discounted flights with a few catches . First you are not booked into a set time for your flight , you simply pick a day , your price , and airports . Then if accepted they email you what flight you ended up on . Additionally you can have up to one 2 hour layover . If you 're okay with these minor inconveniences you can save a ton of money ( 10-40 % ) .
Using the above sites I found the following in roughly 5 minutes of searching for each area :
West Coast flights to The Big House 5 :
Region Day Leaving 9/30 Wednesday Day Leaving 10/1 Thursday Washington- Seattle to Detroit $ 261 R/T $ 286 R/T Norcal- SFO to Detroit $ 314 R/T ( 115 one way ) $ 340 R/T Socal- LAX to Detroit $ 274 R/T ( 111 one way ) $ 301 R/T ( 290 w/Southwest return ) Arizona- Phoenix to Detroit $ 232 R/T ( return trip is 131 ) $ 280 R/T
Midwest flights to The Big House 5 :
Region Day Leaving 9/30 Wednesday Day Leaving 10/1 Thursday Denver to Detroit $ 157 R/T $ 157 R/T Dallas to Detroit $ 106 R/T $ 106 R/T Chicago to Detroit $ 180 R/T $ 180 R/T
East Coast and South flights to The Big House 5 :
Region Day Leaving 9/30 Wednesday Day Leaving 10/1 Thursday New York to Detroit $ 101 R/T $ 101 R/T Boston to Detroit $ 156 R/T $ 156 R/T Baltimore to Detroit $ 182 R/T $ 182 R/T Philadelphia to Detroit $ 143 R/T $ 143 R/T Atlanta to Detroit $ 164 R/T $ 164 R/T Orlando to Detroit $ 188 R/T $ 188 R/T
Happy flying ! Or as Fox would say , Mission Complete .
An Antifa group based in New York called the Revolutionary Abolitionist Movement has declared October 9th as ‘ Deface Columbus Day ' . They put out a call to action on far-left websites , claiming it 's ‘ going down ' and comrades should ‘ decorate ' their parks and neighborhoods , damaging statues .
The group defines themselves as anarcho-communists . According to their Twitter page , they are a ' political movement dedicated to freeing people from bondage and building resistance ' .
They have a promotional video for their ‘ Deface Columbus Day ' .
While the media pretends the radical KKK and Neo-Nazis are the extremists we need to worry about , violent leftists like the Revolutionary Abolitionist Movement are talking about destroying the “ American plantation ” and killing people . They have a presence on social media and the mainstream media protects them .
Antifa is serious about burning down the plantation but they are ignored by Democrats .
Since it was leaked last week , news of the Gran Turismo feature film has spread far and wide among the video game , automotive , and entertainment industries , but the project had n't yet been publicly confirmed by anyone associated with Sony .
That changed last Thursday , when a Sony representative from the UK confirmed to AOL 's gaming website , Joystiq , that the movie is “ being made ” .
The movie , however , is likely quite a ways off . The two producers involved , Mike De Luca and David Brunetti , have only just started work on their current high-profile project , the movie adaptation of Fifty Shades of Grey , which has just received a confirmed release date of August 1 , 2014 .
Assuming production on Fifty Shades takes up most of their time through that date , it would be unlikely to see Gran Turismo hit the big screen until 2015 – a potential date which could tie in nicely with the series ' debut on the PlayStation 4 console .
GT5 Photomode image by anthalicious .
More Posts On ...
Air traffic controller Military air traffic controllers in a control tower Occupation Occupation type Profession Activity sectors Aviation
Military Description Competencies Excellent short-term memory and situational awareness , excellent communication skills , good mathematical skills , quick and assertive decision making abilities , ability to perform under stress Education required Certification by aviation authority ( e.g . FAA ) under ICAO rules and regulations . Majority from military and/or four-year degree CTI schools Fields of
employment Public and Private sectors , both military and civil . Varies by country
Air traffic controllers often abbreviated ATC are personnel responsible for the safe , orderly , and expeditious flow of air traffic in the global air traffic control system . Usually stationed in air traffic control centers and control towers on the ground , they monitor the position , speed , and altitude of aircraft in their assigned airspace visually and by radar , and give directions to the pilots by radio . The position of air traffic controller is one that requires highly specialized knowledge , skills , and abilities . Controllers apply separation rules to keep aircraft at a safe distance from each other in their area of responsibility and move all aircraft safely and efficiently through their assigned sector of airspace , as well as on the ground . Because controllers have an incredibly large responsibility while on duty ( often in aviation , `` on position '' ) and make countless real-time decisions on a daily basis , the ATC profession is consistently regarded around the world as one of the most mentally challenging careers , and can be notoriously stressful depending on many variables ( equipment , configurations , weather , traffic volume , traffic type , human factors , etc. ) . Many controllers , however , would cite high salaries , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] and a very large , unique , and privileged degree of autonomy as major advantages of their jobs .
Although the media in the United States frequently refers to them as air controllers , or flight controllers , most air traffic professionals use the term air traffic controllers . They are also called air traffic control officers ( ATCOs ) , air traffic control specialists , or simply controllers . For a more detailed article on the job itself , please see air traffic control .
Features of the job [ edit ]
Core skills of a controller [ edit ]
Air traffic controllers are generally individuals who are well organized , are quick with numeric computations and mathematics , have assertive and firm decision-making skills , are able to maintain their composure under pressure , and possess an excellent short-term memory . Through numerous studies throughout the decades , it has been demonstrated that traffic controllers usually have a superior visual memory , and in addition , studies have shown that air traffic controllers generally have a degree of situational awareness that is significantly better than the population average . In 'games ' involving short-term memory , peer-induced stresses , and real-time risk analysis , air traffic control specialists scored better than the control group in every experiment . Excellent hearing and speaking skills are a requirement , and trainees undergo rigorous physical and psychological testing .
Moreover , the position of the air traffic controller requires some of the strictest medical and mental requirements for any profession in the world ; conditions such as diabetes , epilepsy , heart disease , and many mental disorders ( e.g. , clinical depression , ADHD , bipolar disorder , a history of drug abuse ) almost always disqualify people from obtaining medical certification from the overseeing aviation authority . Almost universally , controllers are subjected to rigid medical and mental exams to ensure safety in the air traffic system . In the United States , for example , all air traffic controllers are required to take and pass a Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory before being hired by the Federal Aviation Administration . Conditions such as hypertension , while not disqualifying , are taken seriously and must be monitored with medical examinations by certified doctors . Controllers must take precautions to remain healthy and avoid certain medications that are banned for them . Many drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) such as SSRI antidepressants and benzodiazepines , are banned . Almost universally , trainee controllers begin work in their twenties and retire in their fifties . This is due to an FAA requirement that trainees begin their training at the Academy no later than their 31st birthday , and face mandatory retirement at age 56 . [ 4 ] However , retired military air traffic controllers may qualify for appointment after reaching 31 years of age . [ citation needed ] Communication is a vital part of the job : controllers are trained to focus on the exact words that pilots and other controllers speak , because a single misunderstanding about altitude levels or runway numbers can have tragic consequences . Controllers communicate with the pilots of aircraft using a push-to-talk radiotelephony system which has many attendant issues , such as the fact that only one transmission can be made on a frequency at a time and can either merge or block each other and become unintelligible .
Although local languages are used in ATC communications , the default language of aviation worldwide is English . Controllers who do not speak English as a first language are generally expected to show a certain minimum level of competency with the language .
Area or en route [ edit ]
Area controllers are responsible for the safety of aircraft at higher altitudes , in the en route phase of their flight surrounding busier airports and airspace . Area controllers may also handle aircraft at lower altitudes as well as air traffic around small airports that do not have their own towers or approach controllers . In most nations they are known as `` area , '' `` en route , '' or , colloquially in the US , `` center '' controllers . Area controllers are responsible for specific sectors of 3D blocks of airspace with defined dimensions . Each sector is managed by at least one Area controller , known as an `` R-side '' controller that handles radio communications . During busier times of traffic there may also be a second Area controller , known as a `` D-side '' , assigned to the same area in order to assist the R-side Area controller . This can be done with or without the use of radar : radar allows a sector to handle much more traffic ; however , procedural control is used in many areas where traffic levels do not justify radar or the installation of radar is not feasible , such as over oceans .
In the United States , En-Route controllers work at Air Route Traffic Control Centers or ARTCCs . In other countries , area controllers work in Area Control Centers , controlling high-level en-route aircraft , or Terminal Control Centers , which control aircraft climbing from or descending to major groups of airports .
Aerodrome or tower [ edit ]
Aerodrome or Tower controllers control aircraft within the immediate vicinity of the airport and use visual observation from the airport tower . The tower 's airspace is often a 5-nautical-mile ( 9.3 km ) radius around the airport , but can vary greatly in size and shape depending on traffic configuration and volume .
The tower positions are typically split into many different positions such as Flight Data/Clearance Delivery , Ground Control , and Local Control ( known as Tower by the pilots ) ; at busier facilities , a limited radar approach control position may be needed .
The roles of the positions are ;
Flight Data/Clearance Delivery : Issues IFR flight plan clearances , obtains squawk codes for VFR aircraft , helps with coordination for GC/LC , and cuts the ATIS ( weather ) . FD/CD is commonly known in the profession as the secretary of the tower .
Ground : Issues taxi instructions and authorizes aircraft/vehicle movements on the airport except the active runway ( s ) ; controllers are not responsible for aircraft movement on ramps or other designated non-movement areas .
Local ( Tower ) : Issues takeoff and landing instructions/clearances and authorizes aircraft/vehicle movements on or across runways .
Approach : Issues instructions to aircraft who are intending to land at the airport . This involves vectoring aircraft in a safe , orderly , and expeditious manner and , if needed , stacking the aircraft at different holding altitudes .
Most countries ' armed forces employ air traffic controllers , often in most if not all branches of the forces . Although actual terms vary from country to country , controllers are usually enlisted .
In some countries , all air traffic control is performed by the military . [ 5 ] In other countries , military controllers are responsible solely for military airspace and airbases ; civilian controllers maintain airspace for civilian traffic and civilian airports . Historically , in most countries , this was part of the government and controllers were civil servants . However , many countries have partly or wholly privatized their air traffic control systems ; others are looking to do the same .
Education [ edit ]
Civilian Air Traffic Controllers ' licensing is standardized by international agreement through ICAO . Many countries have Air Traffic Control schools , academies or colleges , often operated by the incumbent provider of air traffic services in that country , but sometimes privately . These institutions are structured to provide training to individuals without any prior air traffic control experience . At the completion of academic training , the graduating student will be granted an Air Traffic Control license , which will include one or more Ratings . These are sub-qualifications denoting the air traffic control discipline or disciplines in which the person has been trained . ICAO defines five such ratings : Area ( procedural ) , Area Radar , Approach ( procedural ) , Approach Radar and Aerodrome . In the United States , controllers may train in several similar specialties : Tower , Ground-Controlled Approach ( GCA ) , Terminal Radar Control , or En route Control ( both radar and non-radar ) . This phase of training takes between 6 months and several years .
Whenever an air traffic controller is posted to a new unit or starts work on a new sector within a particular unit , they must undergo a period of training regarding the procedures peculiar to that particular unit and/or sector . The majority of this training is done in a live position controlling real aircraft and is termed On the Job Training ( OJT ) , with a fully qualified and trained mentor or On the Job Training Instructor ( OJTI ) also 'plugged into ' the position to give guidance and ready to take over in a second should it become necessary . The length of this phase of training varies from a matter of months to years , depending on the complexity of the sector .
Only once a person has passed all these training stages they will be allowed to control a position alone .
Work Patterns [ edit ]
Typically , controllers work `` on position '' for 90 to 120 minutes followed by a 30-minute break . Except at quieter airports , Air Traffic Control is a 24-hour , 365-day-a-year job where controllers usually work rotating shifts , including nights , weekends and public holidays . These are usually set 28 days in advance . In many countries , the structure of controllers ' shift patterns is regulated to allow for adequate time off . In the UK the most common pattern is two mornings , two late afternoons and two evenings/nights followed by a four-day break . [ 6 ]
With NATS , the minimum age to start the application and training is 18 while the mandatory retirement age is 60 . [ 7 ] If an 18-year-old joins and is successful then they will have to be posted to an Area course which will ensure they are 21 years old on graduation , thus old enough to hold a radar license . [ 6 ]
Stress [ edit ]
Many countries regulate work hours to ensure that controllers are able to remain focused and effective . Research has shown that when controllers remain `` on position '' for more than two hours without a break , performance can deteriorate rapidly , even at low traffic levels . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Many national regulations therefore require breaks at least every two hours .
A `` deal '' is the term used for any situation where an airplane comes inappropriately close ( either horizontally or vertically ) to another plane or to a ground vehicle . Deals can also occur between aircraft and airspace if authorization is not granted .
Computerization and the future [ edit ]
Despite years of effort and billions of dollars spent on computer software designed to assist air traffic control , success has been largely limited to improving the tools at the disposal of the controllers , such as computer-enhanced radar . It is likely that in the next few decades , future technology will make the controller more of a systems manager overseeing decisions made by automated systems and manually intervening to resolve situations not handled well by the computers , rather than being automated out of existence altogether .
However , there are problems envisaged with technology that normally takes the controller out of the decision loop but requires the controller to step back in to control exceptional situations : air traffic control is a skill that has to be kept current by regular practice . This in itself may prove to be the largest stumbling block to the introduction of highly automated air traffic control systems .
User acceptance or willingness to use such technology is another important consideration air service providers need to consider prior to implementing any new technology . In a recent study with over 500 air traffic controllers from around the world , Bekier and colleagues [ 11 ] found that once the focus of decision-making shifts from the air traffic controller , support for the technology dramatically decreases . Unsurprisingly , they also found that air traffic controllers enjoy the core tasks of their role : namely , conflict detection and resolution . [ 12 ]
Changes made in 2014 [ edit ]
In 2014 , it was reported that in the United States , the Federal Aviation Administration had stopped giving preferential treatment to air-traffic controller applicants who had passed classes from the 36 FAA-approved college aviation programs across the United States , because too many of the people who passed these classes were white males . At the same time , the FAA also stopped giving preference to applicants who were military veterans with aviation experience . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
See also [ edit ]
Golden Knights forward Reid Duke has been awaiting the meaningful start to his tenure in Vegas since March , when he became the first player to sign on with the expansion franchise . Now , with training camp fast approaching , the Calgary , Alta . native is finally nearing an opportunity to prove his worth .
With his name on the Golden Knights ' roster now joined by the list of legitimate NHLers added during the summer 's expansion draft , Duke said he 's hoping to prove he can still hang with the big club .
“ I 'm looking forward to it , ” Duke said to NHL.com 's Aaron Vickers on Sunday . “ I 'm excited to go there and be a go-to guy and really prove to them why they chose me . ”
Duke signed a professional tryout contract with Vegas ' AHL affiliate , the Chicago Wolves , where he 'll likely suit up in 2017-18 . But the 21-year-old is n't looking past the opportunity to learn from bona fide big-league stars like James Neal and Marc-Andre Fleury .
“ I just caught myself from just watching the picks and thinking , ‘ That 'll be nice , ' and then realizing they could be my teammates in a couple years , ” Duke said . “ It 's weird . Just kind of being already there when the team is n't even set … it 's kind of a funny feeling .
“ This is far and beyond something I could really even have dreamed of . It 's just so cool to be there first and just watch how an organization can be built ( from ) the ground up . ”
After a lengthy career in the WHL , which culminated in a career-best 2016-17 stat line of 37 goals and 71 points through 59 games , Duke is looking forward to taking the next step in 2017-18 .
“ It 's unprecedented , really , just being able to have a clean slate and just know that when you 're on the ice that these are guys , these are people that really believe in you and want you to succeed , ” Duke said . “ That just gives you a little bit of a boost on the ice , a little bit of extra confidence to show your game and be who you are and play the way that you can play . ”
Though skating in his first NHL camp is sure to be a thrill regardless , Duke said the particular circumstances of Vegas ' camp will undoubtedly make his experience a better one .
“ Just going there and just being able to be with a bunch of guys that are so much more excited than you would be if it was just another year with the same team you 've been with or whatever , ” Duke said . “ The anticipation is pretty high right now . ”
After the invention of daguerrotype , the memorializing habits of people have changed : they 've chosen the cheap , higher quality photographs instead of expensive and not so lifelike paintings . Painting dead people was common for centuries , so it 's no surprise that , in the Victorian Era , post-mortem photos also came into fashion . Here are some of the strangest ones .
Infants and children
Advertisement
Because of the high childhood and infant mortality rate , this was a significant way to memorializing lost family members . In some cases , this was the only photograph that depicted the entire family together .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Family portraits
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Serious illnesses ( left : Down syndrome )
Advertisement
Adults
King Ludwig II of Bavaria – the true Wagnerian hero .
Advertisement
The enbalmed body of John O'Connor , a recluse from Nebraska , two and a half years after his death ( Feb. 1916 ) :
Advertisement
With coffin
Advertisement
But how do these bodies stand ?
( via : Taringa , desveladoyaburrido , pbase , klyker , cvltnation , mourningportraits , cpanet , ucoz and listverse )
Sampling makes strange bedfellows — especially when it comes to a star as encompassing , and curious , as Beyoncé . On the mega-star 's sixth solo album , Lemonade , she plucked choice sounds and lyrics from artists you 'd never associate with each other , from Led Zeppelin and Andy Williams to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Soulja Boy Tell'em . Here 's a breakdown of all those far-out sounds .
“ Maps ” by The Yeah Yeah Yeahs
In the original 2003 version from the Brooklyn trio , singer Karen O. unveiled a yearning vocal over stinging pings of atmospheric guitar . For Bey 's song “ Hold Up , ” she swiped the main lyrical refrain from the earlier song , driving home the point , “ You do n't love me like I love you . ”
“ Ca n't Get Used to Losing You ” by Andy Williams
Bey borrowed far more from this oldie in “ Hold Up. ” The original recording , penned by the classic 60s R & B-pop writers Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman , soared high on the charts in 1963 , aided by the smooth-vocals of Andy Williams . The 2016 take centers on the essential , plucking beat of the original recording , while incorporating much of its dark , lounge-y vibe , too .
“ Turn My Swag On ” by Soulja Boy Tell'em
To complete a trifecta of references for “ Hold Up , ” Beyoncé revived rapper Soulja Boy 's pungent hip-hop track from 2008 . In the outro to Bey 's song , she quotes the opening lines of the older cut , swallowing its hook whole .
“ When the Levee Breaks ” by Led Zeppelin
In 1971 , Zep unleashed one of its most low-down heavy blues numbers with the closing track on their self-titled fourth album.Teaming with the Zep-obsessed Jack White , Bey swiped John Bonham 's drum beat to give her song , “ Do n't Hurt Yourself ” a pummeling heft .
“ My Girls ” by Animal Collective
On “ 6 Inches , ” Beyoncé sifted out the bell-like chime of this song by the avant-rock band Animal Collective . The Weeknd 's guest shot deepens the new track 's subconscious resonance .
“ Walk On By ” by Isaac Hayes
In 1969 , soul pioneer Hayes greatly expanded this pop classic , penned by Burt Bachrach and Hal David and performed by Dionne Warwick , into a psychedelic-rock extravaganza . Now , elements of its most low-end guitar and bass sound serve to spur on “ 6 Inches . ”
“ Let Me Try ” by Kaleidoscope
The most deliciously obscure reference point on “ Lemonade ” comes from the psych-folk group Kaleidoscope . Their mind-blowing original track , from the late ‘ 60s , wafts around trippy guitars and acid-drenched organ surges . For her new cut “ Freedom , ” Beyoncé lifted both the fuzzed guitars and the mind-blowing organ to create a somewhat faithful cover version . Another wonder : the freshest element comes from Kendrick Lamar 's cameo in the final third .
“ Collection Speech/Hymn ” by Reverend R.C . Crenshaw
Another part of “ Freedom ” poaches some of the churchy call and response of this original track , a vintage “ field recording ” made by Alan Lomax in the 1940s . He captured it as part of his quest to chronicle the vanishing sounds of rural America .
“ Stewball ” Prisoner 22
To enhance the chanting background of “ Freedom , ” Bey selected another “ field recording ” from Lomax — this one voiced by inmates at Mississippi State Penitentiary .
“ SpottieOttieDopalicious ” Outkast
The original recording comes from the South 's most creative rap duo on their 1998 album “ Aquemini. ” In that version , the horn section provides the melodic spine for Outkast 's floating soul tune . In its new guise , heard in the track “ All Night , ” Beyoncé finds a similar dynamic , contrasting her drowsy melody with the horns ' firm resolve .
We may have wireless ( almost ) everything these days , but still-wired ear buds are about as portable as most personal audio equipment gets – which brings us to the ever-present problem for pro , amateur and audiophile alike : tangled headphone cords that lead to loose wiring at best and entirely broken audio connections at worst .
To combat this classic design dilemma , designer Ji Woong has posed and simplest of solutions : zip-up headphones where the two individual strands of wire ( leading up to the left and right earbud ) become one with a singular zipper action . Compared to bulky over-ear answers to the same engineering question , this is as mobile as it gets .
As an added bonus , the zip-action piece doubles as volume control and status hold so you can adjust your audio settings then lock them in place while jogging , biking or otherwise on the go . Add some noise canceling , a slick black version and this might be the most style-savvy as well as function set of in-ear headphones ever designed .
The Chicago aerospace company leads more than a half-dozen contractors whose programs stand to get 9- or 10-figure boosts if the president 's budget proposal becomes law .
It 's been a good week for Boeing .
On Wednesday , the firm received a five-year , $ 3.4 billion deal for 268 Apache attack helicopters . Then on Thursday morning , President Trump said he would nominate Patrick Shanahan , a top Boeing executive , to become deputy defense secretary .
Later on Thursday , the White House said it would seek an immediate $ 30 billion boost in defense spending — $ 15.5 billion of which would go toward new planes , ships , tanks , bombs , and other military equipment . The company that stands to get the largest slice ? Boeing .
According to documents released by the Pentagon , programs run by the Chicago-based firm would see funding rise as much as $ 4.3 billion , more than one-quarter of the total proposed boost to acquisition . If approved by Congress , the money would buy 24 F/A-18 Super Hornets for $ 2.3 billion ; two P-8 submarine-hunting planes , $ 920 million ; 20 Apache attack helicopters , $ 708 million ; and two C-40 passenger transports , $ 208 million .
During a February visit to a Boeing commercial airplane factory in Charleston , South Carolina , Trump said “ we are looking seriously at a big order ” of Super Hornet fighter jets . Wrapping up remarks at Charleston , Trump proclaimed , “ God bless Boeing . ”
Thursday also saw Pentagon officials request $ 270 million for two new V-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft , which are built jointly by Boeing and Textron subsidiary Bell Helicopter , plus upgrades for existing V-22s .
Boeing is far from the only contractor anticipating 9- or 10-figure boosts to weapons programs they run . ( Note that the topline revenue for any military program flows through the prime contractor and out to dozens or even hundreds of sub-suppliers . ) Lockheed Martin-run programs would see boosts up to $ 2.4 billion , which would buy five F-35 Joint Strike Fighters , five C-130s , Black Hawk helicopters , missiles , and missile interceptors . Textron , General Dynamics , Raytheon , BAE Systems , General Atomics and Northrop Grumman each stand to score hundreds of millions of dollars as well .
IN MEDIEVAL England , quarreling with the pope was a game with high stakes for anyone who wanted to wield earthly power . King John ( 1199-1216 ) was punished with a papal interdict , suspending all religious services in his realm , and then excommunicated ; he finally yielded to the pope 's will and to make amends his successors had to pay tribute to the Vatican for another 150 years . John is remembered as a terrible king ; but 300 years later , when Henry VIII defied papal authority over his marital status , he earned a place as one of England 's national heroes .
Whatever his political destiny , Donald Trump is unlikely to pay as high a price as bad King John for incurring the disapproval of the bishop of Rome . But at the very least , the public spat between the billionaire Republican presidential candidate and Pope Francis has rather painfully re-exposed some old fissures in the world of religious conservatism .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Here is what Pope Francis said ( in Italian ) , when asked by a reporter on the papal airliner returning from Mexico , about how voters should respond to Mr Trump and his proposal to expel illegal immigrants and fortify America 's southern border .
A person who thinks only about building walls , wherever they may be , and not of building bridges , is not Christian . This is not the gospel . As far as what you said about whether I would advise [ people ] to vote or not to vote , I am not going to get involved in that . I say only that this man is not Christian if he has said things like that . We must see if he said things that way , and I will give him the benefit of the doubt .
`` For a religious leader to question a person 's faith is disgraceful . I am proud to be a Christian and as president I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened , unlike what is happening now , '' Mr Trump retorted in a Facebook post . He added that he was more likely than any other contender for earthly office to protect the Vatican from the terrorists of Islamic State . But hours later , at a meeting in South Carolina , he struck a more emollient note saying he had a `` lot of respect '' for a pontiff who had `` a lot of personality '' and was `` doing a very good job . ''
Even in the Bible Belt , where theological objections to the Vatican remain pretty robust , and some zealous Protestants would still call the pope the `` anti-Christ '' , it is probably not a particularly good idea for any conservative candidate to wage a feud with the Vatican .
Such a tactic would amount to tearing up the truce between evangelicals and Catholics that has been a feature of the American landscape at least since 1994 , when prominent figures in both camps acknowledged each other as Christians ( which they barely did before ) and promised to make common cause against ills ranging from abortion to pornography . That relationship was consolidated with the Manhattan Declaration of 2009 , in which traditional Catholics and Protestants vowed to work together for the traditional family and against gay marriage .
Among the signatories was Albert Mohler , the president of Southern Baptist Theological Seminary and one of America 's most influential evangelicals ; although he had described Catholicism as a `` false church '' , he explained that alliances were needed in face of mounting threats to `` the sanctity of human life , the integrity of marriage and religious liberty . ''
But the alliance is still a fragile one and there have been some signs of shakiness . Mr Mohler , for example , has denounced Pope Francis for moving the Catholic church to the left and failing , during his address to Congress last autumn , to denounce abortion and gay marriage with the necessary zeal .
And even before the current papacy , the American right and the papacy were never a perfect fit . John Paul II may be a conservative hero because of his opposition to communism ; but in the twilight of his reign , the papacy strongly opposed America 's assault on Saddam Hussein , not least because it would be disaster for Middle Eastern Christians . Pope Benedict XVI was admired for his traditional ideas on moral issues ; but on his watch the Vatican made some quite radical pronouncements on global economics . And under any pope , the American Catholic church is a natural supporter of liberal immigration policies ; Latino newcomers are revitalising an institution that would otherwise be in the doldrums .
If Mr Trump were to wage a long-running verbal battle with the Vatican , that might please evangelical voters who are already muttering things like `` ... never did quite trust those Catholics '' . But he would also be letting down the broader `` theocon '' cause and its self-imposed mission to work together against the demons of secularism and liberalism . The second consideration probably weighs heavier than the first .
Twitch streamer Summit1G has a scary experience while playing Pokémon GO in a public park as he becomes the latest gaming celebrity to fall victim to a “ Swatting ” prank .
While Pokémon GO is clearly a huge success for Niantic and Nintendo , the smartphone app has also made headlines over the last month for putting some of its players into harm 's way . Among other incidents , there was a teenager who was hit by a car in Pennsylvania while playing the game , as well as 9 victims who were robbed after being lured to a Pokestop .
Now , the latest gamer to have a negative experience thanks to Pokémon GO is a well-known Twitch streamer who was “ Swatted ” by police while playing the game in a park . Video uploaded to YouTube shows streamer Summit1G was sitting outdoors on a bench with a friend this afternoon when things suddenly escalated .
As the video opens , it appears that Summit1G is already aware that there are police searching the area , as someone , potentially one of his viewers , has apparently called in a threat to the park . At first , the streamer seems unworried about the situation .
“ I 'm not in any danger whatsoever . I promise , ” Summit1G said . “ A cop 's not just gon na come up and point his rifle at me for no reason . When it comes to police officers , I listen to every word they say and I abide by what they tell me to do . ”
Unfortunately , Summit1G would soon have to demonstrate exactly what he said . The video shows the streamer looking off into the distance and then responding to a police officer who has told him to step away from the bench .
“ All right , maybe we are gon na have guns pointed at us . Not good , ” he told his viewers . Summit1G then continued to stream for several tense minutes , remaining motionless and silent while the police conducted their search off-camera . Finally , he asks an officer “ Am I good ? ” and is apparently given the all-clear right before the stream comes to an end . Summit1G took to Twitter following the incident to let everyone know that he 's OK .
[ HTML2 ]
While this was a briefly harrowing experience , the practice of “ Swatting ” is something that most Twitch streamers are probably prepared for by now . There are numerous other examples out there of juvenile individuals calling in threats to a streamer 's address as a prank . Other gamers have used “ Swatting ” to get revenge on an opponent after a loss in an online game . Swatting has also been used outside the gaming realm to go after Internet celebrities simply because they 're famous .
What do you think should be done to individuals who call in fake threats like these to the police , Ranters ? Sounds off in the comments .
Pokémon GO is currently available for Android and iOS devices in select regions .
Source : Perx – YouTube
( CNN ) At 7:47 a.m . ET Monday morning , President Trump tweeted this : `` Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist ! ''
He followed it up in rapid succession with two more tweets on Blumenthal : `` Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal . He told stories about his Vietnam battles and ....... conquests , how brave he was , and it was all a lie . He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child . Now he judges collusion ? ''
What occasioned this Trump rant ?
TV , of course . And , specifically , CNN -- which Trump likes to say he never watches .
Blumenthal had appeared on CNN 's `` New Day '' right around 7:45 a.m. And , in the interview , he blasted Trump -- and defended special counsel Robert Mueller 's ongoing investigation into Russian meddling into the 2016 election .
. @ SenBlumenthal reacts to crackdown on leaks : `` I 'm very concerned that [ DOJ ] is weaponizing ... laws '' https : //t.co/sOHDh0IcW9 — New Day ( @ NewDay ) August 7 , 2017
`` There is no minimizing or underestimating that attack by the Russians , '' said Blumenthal . `` It was purposeful and relentless , and it involved propaganda and hacking into our voting machines or at least an attempt to do it and potential collusion by the Trump campaign and then obstruction of justice . That investigation must be pursued . ''
This morning 's timeline is proof positive of something we have long known : The idea that Trump does n't watch TV -- and CNN in particular -- is ridiculous .
In February , Trump proudly proclaimed : `` I do n't watch CNN . ... I do n't like watching fake news . ''
TRUMP : OK . The one thing I 've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do . I do n't watch CNN anymore .
AP : You just said you did .
TRUMP : No . No , I , if I 'm passing it , what did I just say ( inaudible ) ?
AP : You just said —
TRUMP : Where ? Where ?
AP : Two minutes ago .
TRUMP : No , they treat me so badly . No , I just said that . No , I , what 'd I say , I stopped watching them . But I do n't watch CNN anymore . I do n't watch MSNBC . I do n't watch it . Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC , you know , they tell me what 's going on .
Ahem .
Here 's the thing : Trump watches more cable TV than roughly 99 % of the country . Even before he was a candidate , his Twitter feed reveals an obsession with cable news . Does anyone think that habit would change once Trump became a candidate -- and then president -- and so much of the daily cable chatter was all about him ?
If you did think that , you do n't know Donald Trump .
During an interview with the Washington Post in August 2016 , Trump interrupted the interview no fewer than five ( ! ) times to watch or point out something on the TV that was on throughout .
`` He was seated so that right behind me was the television screen tuned to Fox News , '' WaPo 's Phil Rucker , who conducted the sitdown , told Yahoo News . `` And every time Fox showed Donald Trump on the screen or a statement that Trump had made or they had a reporter doing a live shot in front of Trump Tower in New York , Donald Trump commented on it . He was very excited to see himself on the TV . So he was not fully focused on the interview . ''
Time magazine 's profile of how Trump spends his nights in the White House includes this description of how the president has changed his personal dining room :
`` But the thing he wants to show is on the opposite wall , above the fireplace , a new 60-plus-inch flat-screen television that he has cued up with clips from the day 's Senate hearing on Russia . Since at least as far back as Richard Nixon , Presidents have kept televisions in this room , usually small ones , no larger than a bread box , tucked away on a sideboard shelf . That 's not the Trump way . ''
There has never been a president more obsessed with cable TV news -- and the tone and tenor of the coverage of his White House -- than this one . And it 's not even close . Trump watches the shows closely , always looking for supporters and detractors -- fingers at the ready to call out hypocrites with a few taps on his phone .
This is who he has been his whole life . It 's who he is now . And it 's who he will be even after he leaves the White House . Tigers do n't change their stripes . And Donald Trump watches CNN .
Time to put a smile on your face , Gotham fans .
Gotham has already debuted a number of the most famous members of Batman 's rogues gallery , from the Penguin to Scarecrow . The villain who can make the Caped Crusader break his one rule , however , has remained elusive , teased by producers in interviews or hinted at by quick Easter eggs in the show .
But now , it looks like the Joker is already set to make his debut on the series , if the promo for next week 's episode is any indication .
A preview for next week 's episode , “ The Blind Fortune Teller , ” promises that the next villain to invade Bruce Wayne 's home is “ no joke. ” If that tagline was n't quite obvious enough , the promo then cuts to a character , Jerome , laughing in true Mark Hamill style .
Cameron Monaghan , Ian on Showtime 's Shameless , portrays Jerome , a character about whom little else is known other than his creepy stare and maniacal cackle . That certainly fits the Joker 's history , as the character 's origins in the comic book have never concretely been outlined—and even when details are revealed about him , their veracity is always up for debate .
Whether Jerome is the actual Joker or yet another twist on the character 's origins , viewers can find out when “ The Blind Fortune Teller ” debuts on Feb. 16 .
MINNEAPOLIS — A website that profiles activists from the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement with the goal of ruining their careers is coming under fire , with some comparing it to McCarthyism .
The Canary Mission features profiles of dozens of activists , students , college professors and journalists which the site 's authors accuse of anti-Semitism and even having ties to terrorism . Among the alphabetical listings on the site is a profile of this journalist , along with over 100 others .
The organization 's goals are clear : It seeks to ruin the careers or future job prospects of its targets , especially students associated with the growth of BDS on American college campuses . “ By shining a light on hate group members and their activities , the public will become better informed about those involved in hate movements in their communities , ” the Canary Mission explains on its About page . A video on the site warns : “ It is your duty to ensure that today 's radicals are not tomorrow 's employees . ”
Linking supporters of Palestinian liberation with anti-Semitism is a tactic that 's growing in popularity alongside the success of the BDS movement . Even Hollywood executives have sought to repair Israel 's image by linking support for Palestine to attacks on Jews and their faith .
Little is known about the origins of the site , which launched in mid-May . It claims to be operated by “ students and concerned citizens motivated by a desire to combat the rise in anti-Semitism on college campuses ” but provides no links to the names of its staff or funding sources . Although the organization 's Donate page claims it is a nonprofit organization , a May investigation by the The Jewish Daily Forward revealed that “ no group called Canary Mission is currently registered with the IRS as eligible to receive tax-deductible contributions , and the website indicates no fiscal sponsor through which it can accept donations . ”
A September follow-up report does reveal some of the organization 's apparent ties to other pro-Israel groups . Josh Nathan-Kazis , a staff writer for The Forward , noted that , in August , the Canary Mission linked , most likely inadvertently , to the personal Twitter profile of Warren Betzalel Lapidus , “ the editorial director of an online Israel advocacy operation called Free Middle East . He also works as a freelancer for an online Israel advocacy training group called VideoActivism , ” which trains students in pro-Israel advocacy .
Further evidence of ties between the two organizations is a VideoActivism video that opposes the Iran deal that uses the same narrator as the video from the Canary Mission website . However , Jonathan Bash , CEO of VideoActivism , denied ties to the group and claimed the use of the same narrator was just a coincidence .
Rebecca Pierce , a filmmaker , who was profiled by Canary Mission for her public opposition to Islamophobic remarks by a University of California Santa Cruz professor , likened the Canary Mission 's tactics to McCarthyism , a common accusation from BDS activists in media reports about the site .
“ The website is filled with racist stereotypes about our activism , and intentionally tries to tie a diverse non-violent student movement to antisemitism and terror , ” Pierce told The Guardian in May . Although concerned about the effect the site could have on her future job prospects , she added , “ I stand behind my activism and wo n't allow racist extremists to intimidate me . ”
Mark Oppenheimer , a writer for the Jewish news site Tablet , concurred with this comparison to Sen. Joe McCarthy 's 1950s anti-Communism crusade . But he also pointed out one major difference : “ The good senator from Appleton , Wisc. , was willing to show his face . ”
Oppenheimer wrote that Canary Mission “ makes pro-Israel activism—or at least anti-anti-Israel activism—look ridiculous. ” He was unflinching in his criticism of the organization 's tactics :
“ What 's most disconcerting about Canary Mission—even more than its secret funding—is how it reveals the gap between Judaism and what passes for Zionism . In its anti-intellectualism , indifference to truth , avoidance of honest debate , resistance to subtleties , and utter lack of irony or whimsy , the text of Canary Mission reads like rank fundamentalist backwash ; it 's totally alien to the best traditions of Torah , rabbinics , and secular Jewish literature . ”
Canary Mission has also come under attack from the hacktivist group Anonymous , and its original Facebook page began posting pro-BDS links earlier this month .
Spoiler warning : This article contains lots and lots of spoilers for P.T . and the movie The Cabin in the Woods . They 're both brilliant and we do n't want to ruin them for you , so check them out before you read on .
P.T . feels like a loop . The entire experience plays out in an L-shaped length of corridor , a neat chunk of suburban home rendered impossible and Pac-Man-like by the fact that the door at the far end drops you back to the door at the start . You move through the space again and again , stuck deep within the machine . What 's changing , and what stays the same ? Are the walls growing dirtier ? Is the art moving about when you are n't looking ?
But P.T . is not a loop . It 's a spiral . Just before you head through the second door , you jog down a short flight of steps , which means that every time you pass along that L-shaped corridor in its entirety , you 're actually descending , corkscrewing deeper and deeper and bound , presumably , for that infernal place all horror fiction ultimately orbits . P.T . is full of stuff like this : stuff you only notice on your second , your third , your tenth visit . This weekend , hearing the sad news that Konami will be yanking the whole thing from PSN this coming Wednesday now that the game it was created to promote has apparently been cancelled , I headed back in . A miserable day for Silent Hills , but I was still surprised and delighted at what I found .
Like a lot of horror art , P.T . offers a very different view the second , the third , the tenth time you visit . You notice the brilliance a little more : the audacious economy of a design that allows a small group of assets , perhaps rendered in prohibitively expensive detail , to entertain and terrify for a whole hour or more . You also see the things that P.T . that would have made Silent Hills a properly fascinating prospect - a horror game that truly understood the nastiness of the nearly-mundane , of a banana slowly going mouldy on a desk , of children 's sweets mingling dangerously with prescription medicine , all scattered next to a phone that 's been left off the hook . Even before you 've seen a door move by itself and before that first ghostly entity has raced through your peripheral vision , the creeping tension has started to gather , and it has nothing to do with fantasy . Rain splatters against dark glass , the voice on the radio talks of domestic murder , the readout on a digital clock reads 23:59 - a time when nothing good , surely , is ever likely to happen .
For all this luminous design intelligence , though , you may also notice a charming cheapness , or rather an anything-goes creakiness to some of the tricks that P.T . is willing to pull . A muffled fist will bang on a door as you pass , and then cease when you stop walking . The overhead lights will go off , and when they come back on , cockroaches will be skittering up the wall . The door you 're headed for will ease itself shut as you approach , while another will whisper open behind you . Eventually , there is psychosis , or something like it , as the radio starts to address you directly . Eventually , there are ghosts .
Horror often has a moment that fear can not quite survive - a moment where you see the monster , and it 's just a guy in a suit , or worse yet it 's just a monster . For P.T. , I think there are two instances like this , and they 're both equally damaging . The first is in the bathroom , where you encounter a weird foetus-thing lying in the sink , slowly breathing in and out , its chickenish body rising and falling . This is a problem that is specific to P.T. , I suspect : compared with the brilliantly convincing set that lies around it , the tactility of those greasy walls , the weft of the uneven parquet flooring , this strange fellow in the sink is a jarring digital prop . It does not speak of netherworlds or the unconscious . It speaks of textures and rigging and a couple of cross-department breakout meetings , perhaps , to brainstorm lists of things that would really unnerve people .
Later on , there 's a different kind of problem : progress suddenly hinges on a treasure hunt , as you collect fragments of a torn-up photograph , one of which is hidden , with a certain self-reflexive cuteness , inside a menu screen . The problem this time is n't specific to P.T. , but it is specific to games . As soon as there 's an objective in view , a different part of the player 's mind starts to engage . You pull yourself out of the giddy bewilderment of the here and now , and you see the landscape more clinically : a place of trigger points and discrete tasks , a place where you can progress . You are no longer a witness , the role that so much great horror requires you to play . You may start to set aside what 's going on in front of you , even , as you focus on what could be coming next . Too late ! The pattern-spotting has kicked in , and the potential for true fear is diminished - weakened by the more familiar promise of achievement .
Downpour is a Silent Hill game with one brilliant stand-out moment ( not pictured ) . P.T . has a dozen of them .
None of this is actually a serious criticism of P.T. , although I appreciate that it probably sounds like it . Sure , the more of P.T . I play the less scary it is , but that 's inevitable with anything that depends on shocks , on jump scares , on not knowing the limits . What makes P.T . special for me is that the less scary I find it , the more interesting it actually becomes . It 's a home-run first time around , a bracingly distinct approach to horror games , compact and devilish and darkly witty . After that , though , it starts to feel more problematic , and the problems it picks at are pretty thrilling .
I did n't just play P.T . this weekend . I also re-watched The Cabin in the Woods , and I 'm starting to suspect there are deep similarities between that film and this game . In fact , I think they 're both responses to the same problem - the problem of audiences , of what the audience wants , or perhaps of what it thinks it wants . The Cabin in the Woods - it 's great , and I 'm about to spoil it , so please forget all this and go watch it if you have n't see it yet - is a film about a group of students who go away for the night to a shack in the middle of nowhere . Over the course of the film , you discover that the shack is effectively a set , and that the students have been chosen as a sacrifice for ancient gods , living deep underground , who demand ritualised blood-letting on a regular basis or else they will destroy the world .
It 's not hard to unravel this , really , although my analysis is probably a bit simplistic . The Cabin in the Woods is n't a horror film so much as it 's a film about why horror films exist , the traditions they draw on and the forces that shape them . Between the students , about to get killed , and the ancient gods , primed to enjoy it , there 's a layer of creative bureaucracy , a group of white collar guys and grunting techies who make sure the entire grisly deal goes according to plan , whether it 's allowing the kids a chance to turn back early on , getting them all sexy so that , by the gods ' prim narratological standards , they deserve to die , or even blocking off the roads so that they ca n't escape once they have sealed their own fates . These bureaucrats and techies are the artists here : the directors , the producers , and the writers . The gods ? They 're the audience , and the point the film seems to be making is how destructive , how hollow and dissatisfying this relationship becomes when the artists are n't allowed to deviate from the established rituals , and when they realise that the only thing left for them to do is get more creative with the splatter .
Look at that handsome fool . How long have I waited to get an image of Josh Lyman on this site ? And he 's even walkin'-and-talkin ' .
How creative ? There 's a moment early on in The Cabin the Woods where the students go down into the basement and discover that they 're inside a clearinghouse for every horror idea imaginable . There are torture devices , ancient diaries and spells , creepy music boxes , stuffed animals : the material reality of an entire genre is laid out in plain sight , just as it is in P.T . where you have the banging , the whispering and creaking , the wail of a baby , the lash of rain , and where it is emphatically , perpetually , a dark and stormy night .
Ingenious as it is , P.T . can seem trapped within gaming 's equivalent of the same system that binds Cabin 's jaded bureaucrats - inside the spiral that restricts both player and designer . The need for progress , for some kind of denouement , means that you also need structures , objectives , treasure hunts , and a backstory , all of which will almost immediately become recognisable and , by extension , quietly mystery-sapping . Half-way through P.T. , it becomes clear to the player that the real force moving around them in the darkness , rearranging things when they are n't looking , slamming doors , flicking on and off the lights and marshalling the creepy-crawlies is n't a malevolent spirit at all , but rather a team of creatives , same as always - prepping what you 're about to see , cleaning up what you 've just done .
The backstory hidden within P.T . is surprisingly rich if you know where to look . Online , there are plenty of theories about the fridge , too .
So what would be really scary ? I have no idea , and is n't that the whole point ? At a push , something that probably would n't be particularly satisfying , anyway . What if the spiral of L-shaped corridors continued forever and nothing really changed ? What if the escalation happened internally as you grew more paranoid , as you started to realise that there was no light - no cut-scene - waiting for you at the end of all of this ? It 's telling that the moment that really stuck with me from my first playthrough of P.T . was n't the bit where the radio spoke to me , or even the bit where the ghostly lady jumped on me from an alcove , although I leapt and sluiced tea at that with the best of them . It was the bit where I looked up suddenly to see what seemed to be a refrigerator dangling above me and leaking blood in the shadows of a part of the house I had not yet noticed . It 's also the bit that I genuinely could n't account for .
Listen to the radio , to that news report with its tale of murder . A father snapped and killed his family , apparently , and he lured his daughter out of safe hiding by telling her , `` It 's only a game '' . P.T . 's only a game , but the cancellation of Silent Hills and its own disappearance from PSN later this week may work one final trick that truly elevates it . Back when I was at school , 12 or 13 and just the right age to be scared by horror films that I should n't , in truth , have been watching , the ones that really got to me were the ones I did n't actually see . The legendary ones that were argued about in the playground , that were spotted - allegedly - on an unmarked VHS by the friend of a friend of a friend , and even then they could only watch half of the thing before it got too frightening . As of this Wednesday , unless you have P.T . on your hard-drive , it will live on in ageing YouTube playthroughs , in frantic playground deconstruction , in the sweaty chambers of group memory . It will finally have escaped its digital confines , and the final structures that held it back will be gone .
They 'll always have Rhode Island . Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston have called it quits after three months of dating , multiple sources confirm exclusively in the new issue of Us Weekly .
`` She was the one to put the brakes on the relationship , '' a source close to the couple tells Us . `` Tom wanted the relationship to be more public than she was comfortable with . Taylor knew the backlash that comes with public displays of affection but Tom did n't listen to her concerns when she brought them up . '' Now that they 've split , the source says , Hiddleston is `` embarrassed that the relationship fizzled out . ''
Indeed , though the two were hot and heavy early on , things became strained when Hiddleston went to Australia to film Thor : Ragnarok and Swift stayed stateside . As Us previously reported , they had their first blowout fight in August . `` It was an intense start , '' a Hiddleston insider says of their whirlwind romance . `` No one can keep that kind of momentum going . '' Adds the source close to the couple : `` They get along great and will remain friends , but they just do n't see it working romantically right now . ''
Swift , 26 , moved on with the British hunk , 35 , just two weeks after breaking up with ex-boyfriend Calvin Harris in June . ( The Scottish DJ , 32 , has since been hanging out with Mexican actress-singer Eiza González . )
Hiddleston and Swift first flirted at the 2016 Met Gala in May , then shocked the internet when they were spotted kissing on a beach in Rhode Island in June . “ They were all over each other — hugging and kissing — even though there were 20 people coming and going on the beach , ” an eyewitness said at the time . `` They looked like any young couple madly in love without a care in the world . ''
After meeting each other 's parents , the duo then jetted off to Rome and Australia , where Swift sought support from Hiddleston after getting attacked by Kim Kardashian and Kanye West . “ Tom is really being so supportive and telling her to be calm , ” a source told Us at the time .
Back in July , the actor confirmed his relationship with Swift to The Hollywood Reporter , denying rumors that it was a publicity stunt . “ Well , um , how best to put this ? The truth is that Taylor Swift and I are together and we 're very happy . Thanks for asking , ” Hiddleston told THR . “ That 's the truth . It 's not a publicity stunt . ”
The pair eventually returned to Los Angeles on July 22 and were last spotted dining at Santa Monica 's Hillstone restaurant on July 28 . Swift was seen sans Hiddleston leaving a workout in NYC on Wednesday , August 10 .
The pop superstar has been out solo on other occasions since then , too . One day before reporting for jury duty in Nashville , she attended Blake Lively 's dual baby shower and 29th birthday party at Bedford Post Inn in New York on August 28 .
As Us exclusively revealed , Hiddleston , at one point , was planning to propose to the pop star . `` [ He ] has been a dream come true , '' a Swift source previously told Us . `` He 's so romantic , classic and chivalrous , and he 's doing everything right.… She would definitely say yes . ''
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news , hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox !
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now !
Now , unlike California that has it legal to have ” Clinics ” for people needing Medical Marijuana , Washington state has it to where you need to find it on your own . Or you are allowed under State LAW to grow up to a TWO MONTH SUPPLY . Also it is also written into Washington State LAW that few people know about that it is legal for the police to give out MARIJUANA that they get from grows that are not from medical users to the sick that need it . The ONLY TRICK is they wrote it in the law that they MUST wait for the FEDERAL GUIDELINES for passing it out and that we all know will not come unless we fight for what is right . Reference : WA State Initiative – 692 .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton said he does n't plan to change the way he runs because of the concussion that sidelined him for the Oct. 10 game against Tampa Bay .
The NFL MVP did promise his mother , Jackie Newton , that he will avoid taking the kind of hit that led to the concussion by never again letting up as he approaches the end zone .
`` Part of me is happy for [ the concussion ] , just to know and go through it and to show so many people this is a real issue and this is a real problem , '' Newton said on Wednesday , the first time he has spoken to reporters about the concussion , which occurred in the fourth quarter Oct. 2 in a game at Atlanta .
`` And part of me is like , 'That was preventable . Just run through the damn end zone Cam , and everything will be all right . ' After talking to Jackie Newton , that wo n't happen again . ''
Panthers QB Cam Newton said that despite his concussion , he wo n't change his run game . Derick E. Hingle/USA TODAY Sports
Newton acknowledged that the helmet-to-helmet hit he took from Atlanta linebacker Deion Jones as he attempted to score on a 2-point conversion could have been avoided had he not let up as he approached the goal line .
He said he did n't see Jones coming in time to brace for the hit .
`` I try to describe it as I felt like I got sucker punched , '' Newton said . `` Everybody has a brace , just an automatic reaction that your body goes to when you get scared .
`` When I looked back at it , I was trying to brace for the hit , and before I could it was just ... bam ! It happened ! I was down and like , 'Man ... ' I did n't even know if I scored . That 's when I knew I was messed up . ''
According to ESPN Stats and Information , Newton has been hit 836 times since entering the NFL in 2011 . The next closest quarterback , Seattle 's Russell Wilson , has been hit nearly 300 fewer times .
Newton said this was the first time of having his `` bell rung '' since he began playing football at age 7 .
He made it clear he wo n't stop being the dual-threat quarterback just to avoid contact that could lead to another concussion .
Newton has rushed for 46 touchdowns , the most by a quarterback in NFL history , and 3,355 yards .
`` I look at certain quarterbacks throughout the league and say , 'Dang , I wish I could do that , ' '' Newton said . `` Man , I wish I could win football games and make it look so cool like Tom Brady . Man , I wish I had the throwing accuracy or throwing style like a Matt Stafford or Aaron Rodgers . '
`` But my edge is running the football inside the tackles . ... That 's going to forever be my edge in this league . That makes defenses prepare for extra things . So when you take that away , then the defense is like , 'Yes ! We do n't have to prepare for a [ running ] quarterback . ' ''
Newton called the concussion a `` lesson learned . '' He said the concussion protocol return was different from anything he 's been through .
`` Some side effects are different than others , '' said Newton , who also said he planned to use his influence and foundation to promote awareness for concussions at the lower levels of football . `` I did n't have any headaches . I was n't depressed . But it was just certain things that were happening , and it was like , 'It 's not normal . '
`` And just when you think you 're OK , it 's like , 'Oh , whoa ! What 's this ? ' '' Newton said . `` You still have that feeling . ''
Newton called the experience a wakeup call , just as he did the car wreck that sidelined him for a game against Tampa Bay in 2014 .
It made him aware of how precious his time is with his 1 ½-year-old son Chosen , who is `` expecting me to be daddy for a long time for him . ''
`` So that was the big picture for me , '' Newton said .
Newton has shared some of his thoughts with left tackle Michael Oher , who has missed three games and is n't expected back Sunday for the game against Arizona , because of a concussion .
`` I 'm praying for him , '' Newton said . `` I 'm hoping everything works out in our favor , but more importantly in his favor .
Anti Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy has been sent forward for trial accused of false imprisonment of Tánaiste Joan Burton during water charges protest in Jobstown , Co Dublin .
The Labour Party leader and her entourage had left a graduation event at An Cosan education centre at Jobstown , in Tallaght , just after midday on November 15th , 2014 , when a demonstration was held which delayed her for about two hours .
She and her team had been attempting to travel by car to St Thomas ' Church , a short distance away , for the rest of the ceremony when it is alleged violence broke out .
The TD and 17 other people from Dublin appeared before Judge Michael Walsh at Dublin District Court on Monday to be served with books of evidence . They face a variety of charges which include false imprisonment of Ms Burton and her political advisor Karen O'Connell , violent disorder and criminal damage to garda cars , at Fortunestown Road .
State solicitor Rachel Joyce said the DPP directed “ trial on indictment ” , meaning the case will go before a judge and jury in the circuit court which has can impose lengthier sentences . Books of evidence were handed over by Det Garda Paul Smith of Tallaght station .
Solicitor Michael Finucane , applying for legal aid , told the court that one of his clients who are charged with false imprisonment could “ get life potentially ” .
The DPP consented to them being returned for trial at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court where they will face their next hearing on January 22nd . Judge Walsh made the order sending them forward for trial and warned them that if they intended to rely on alibis they must inform the prosecution within 14 days .
Mr Murphy ( 32 ) – with an address at The Copse , Woodpark , Ballinteer , Dublin – replied “ yes ” when asked if he understood . There was no objection to the 18 defendants remaining on bail pending trial .
They have not yet entered pleas , however Murphy has told reporters he intends to fight the case . Legal aid was granted in most of the cases . Barrister Stephen McCrea , who acts for some of the defendants , said the case related to freedom of speech and right to protest .
Cyberwar is more than a threat , it is something the Department of Defense is spending money on as we speak . Deputy Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter outlined six ways the DOD is taking action today , as well as legislation he believes can help the government act quickly against hackers at home and abroad .
“ Cyber will overtake terrorism as the persistent gnawing … kind of threat and danger , ” said Carter at the RSA Conference in San Francisco today . “ The market , both economic and political , undervalues security at the moment . Does n't see it . Does n't fully get it . This is wrong , this is a mistake . ”
The DOD is charged with protecting the United States not only with ships , airplanes , and tanks but also with cyber weapons . Former National Security Agency director Mike McConnell pointed out that if terrorists find their way into our banks , the ensuing economic havoc could result in greater devastation than that of 9/11 . He said the US must be prepared not only to defend itself on the Internet but also to fight back . Six core DOD missions speak to this responsibility :
Developing and preparing to use weapons of cyber warfare Preparing the U.S. for what the battlefield may look like Listening for and analyzing defense intelligence over the Internet Defending both classified and unclassified networks Creating technology using the DOD 's and the NSA 's “ weight and resources ” and distributing them to Homeland Security , law enforcement agencies , and partners Protecting these tools and infrastructure with the military .
The DOD is spending half a trillion dollars to run these projects , according to Carter . He says he has never heard of anyone wanting to cut the budget back . Indeed , he would like to increase the spending if he can find worthy areas to develop . However , despite governmental support , he wants the technology sector to help push the agenda further . The legislation Carter is pushing for would allow the government to act more freely with the public sector to develop tools . He explained it would enable the government to share threat information with the private sector and would enable public companies to report intrusions “ without liability or trust concerns. ” It would also allow members of the private sector to share threat information with each other “ without liability or trust concerns. ” And , if passed , it would force companies to report intrusions to the government .
Carter is aware that legislation and bullet points are small steps but asks that the security industry understand that “ trying to get our act together as a country … is not an easy thing to do . ”
“ Of course , we were involved in birthing the Internet itself , ” said Carter , “ We have a history here , and we 're going to continue it . ”
In a rare move on Capitol Hill , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell scheduled an unusually early vote this morning at 6:30 a.m. to advance billionaire Betsy DeVos 's nomination for education secretary to the full Senate . The early morning straight-party cloture vote dealt with a key Senate hurdle required to advance DeVos 's nomination to the Senate floor . The full Senate is slated to vote as early as Monday . DeVos is facing escalating opposition from lawmakers and education advocates . DeVos is a longtime backer of charter schools and vouchers for private and religious schools . She and her husband have also invested in a student debt collection agency that does business with the Education Department . On Thursday , parents and teachers flooded the Senate phone system calling lawmakers to demand they oppose her confirmation . Around 1 p.m. , Nevada Republican Senator Dean Heller tweeted , “ We are experiencing heavy call volumes in all our offices . Staff is answering as many as possible . Please continue calling to get through. ” This week , two Republican lawmakers—Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski—announced plans to vote against DeVos , leaving Senate Republicans one vote short of confirming her . If the Senate vote is 50-50 , Vice President Mike Pence would then cast the deciding vote—an event that has never happened to any other presidential nominee in history . If only one more Republican senator decides to vote against her , DeVos 's confirmation will be rejected . This means the full Senate will not move forward with Jeff Sessions 's attorney general confirmation vote , because if he is confirmed , he will no longer be a senator , which would mean one less vote for DeVos .
California Experiments with Open-Source Voting
By Dave Roberts .
After spending tens of millions of dollars in recent years on ineffective voting systems , California election officials are planning to experiment with an “ open source ” system that may prove to be the cure-all for secure , accessible balloting – or just another expensive failure .
Most computer programs , such as the Microsoft Windows or Apple OS X operating systems , are “ closed source ” programs . That means the original computer code only can be examined by the program 's owners , in these cases Microsoft and Apple . “ Open source ” means the original computer code is made public so it can be used and examined by anyone , in particular to find security holes .
According to Damicon , “ True-open-source development requires that a community of software engineers band together to work on the software . The idea is that more minds create better software . ”
Help America Vote Act
California still suffers from problems that open-source advocates say could be alleviated .
A state audit last August criticized Secretary of State Debra Bowen for wasting more than $ 22 million in federal funds from the Help America Vote Act by implementing new voting systems that counties and voters could not fully use . Six counties similarly wasted more than $ 29 million in California Voting Modernization Act funding .
Despite California 's counties having received $ 252 million since 2003 to replace their voting systems , nearly a fifth indicated they are currently using aging voting systems , according to the audit .
The audit was performed at the request of state Sen. Alex Padilla , D-Pacoima , who is running to replace the termed-out Bowen as secretary of state . Last year Padilla authored Senate Bill 360 , which passed along party lines and empowers the secretary of state to revamp the state 's voting systems without needing federal approval .
A matter of trust
Padilla touted the bill before the Assembly Elections and Redistricting Committee as a boon to counties wanting more control over their voting systems .
“ California has long been a leader in expanding voter access and participation , ” Padilla said Aug. 13 . “ For everybody transparency of the voting process is important for the public to verify and trust the accuracy of voting outcomes . This trust is not just in the people who conduct elections , but in the systems and the machines that we use to cast and count our votes as well .
“ In California there 's a patchwork of different technologies to develop … for each of the 58 counties by at least a half-dozen vendors . Currently counties only partially own the systems , which serve as the accuracy and transparency of the hardware and the software that they use in voting . Election equipment is subject to licensing agreements . Which means that counties at times additionally rely on vendors for system maintenance and repairs .
“ I introduce this bill to allow a county to own their system and have full access to every part of the voting system . We trust officials to conduct elections . We ought to trust them to maintain our voting systems as well . This gives California full control over how our voting systems are approved by the secretary of state . ”
L.A. County
The bill was sponsored by Los Angeles County , which is using a 30-year-old voting system . In 2009 it launched the Voting Systems Assessment Project , which could make it the first county in the United States to develop , own and operate its own voting system .
“ We believe SB360 will help spur new approaches to voting systems development in an all but stagnant voting systems market in California while also creating more agile systems and regulations that can more efficiently adapt to technology and legislative changes , ” Dean Logan , Los Angeles County registrar-recorder , told the committee . “ The reforms sought by this legislation are an important step to improve the voter experience in California and helping to slow the precipitous decline in voter participation .
“ Voting system challenges are not unique to Los Angeles County . Many counties have rolled back their systems , and in the process reduced access and voting options for many voters . Similar to Los Angeles County , many of our sister counties are anxious to see the approval and introduction of new voting systems . ”
SB360 authorizes counties to implement experimental pilot voting systems that use software with publicly disclosed , open-source code . Proponents argue that this will make the systems more secure than closed , proprietary systems . But concerns have been raised that it might do the opposite .
Potential for fraud ?
“ I appreciate you tackling a very , very dicey subject , ” said Assemblyman Tim Donnelly , R-Twin Peaks , who also is running for governor . “ We 've had quite a debate in this chamber on anytime you 're changing anything wholesale in elections , it makes people very uncomfortable . Is it true that it would be based on open-source software that is publicly disclosed and might provide a roadmap for potential fraud ? ”
Logan 's response did not address the potential for hacking into an open-source system .
“ There 's nothing in the bill that requires open-source software , ” he said . “ What it does say is piloting a new voting system in order to meet the conditions to participate in that pilot some of those conditions are disclosed source , because there are multiple definitions of what ‘ open source ' means . And certainly the concern that you raise is about the access to that and the ability to look at it . So it 's intended for transparency purposes . That is one condition for the pilot . ”
That did not satisfy Donnelly , who voted against SB360 in committee . He was joined in opposition by nearly every Republican when the bill came to the Assembly and Senate floors .
Not ready for prime time
The open-source voting system concept has been kicked around for years . In 2006 a study for then-Secretary of State Bruce McPherson found that it was not ready for prime time :
“ At the outset , open source software is software whose inner workings are available for public review and unfettered technical scrutiny . However , in practice , the business of technical innovation and the effectiveness of information security may both depend upon some measure of confidentiality , which open source , by its very nature , precludes .
“ Open source advocates point to impressive accomplishments for software developed and maintained according to their principles , with apparent benefits to costs , efficiency , quality and security ; however , upon close examination , the open source experience is more limited in scope and specific in application . ”
The study concluded :
“ After extensive investigation , it is clear that significant further examination of open source software in voting systems is needed . While there may be benefits associated with using open source software , they are neither empirical nor measurable . There is no precedent that fully supports the feasibility of a potential effort to develop , deploy , and maintain an open source election system . ”
Internet voting hacked
In 2010 , the city of Washington , D.C. implemented an open-source pilot project that allowed voters to cast their ballots via the Internet . Officials held a mock election and invited hackers to test the security of the system .
A University of Michigan group took that challenge and issued a report detailing how they were able to successfully hack into the system :
“ Within 48 hours of the system going live , we had gained near complete control of the election server . We successfully changed every vote and revealed almost every secret ballot . Election officials did not detect our intrusion for nearly two business days – and might have remained unaware for far longer had we not deliberately left a prominent clue .
“ Conducting elections for public office over the Internet raises grave security risks… . Our successful penetration supports the widely held view among security researchers that web-based electronic voting faces high risks of vulnerability , and it cautions against the position of many vendors and election officials who claim that the technology can readily be made safe . ”
Smart-phone voting
One nonprofit company hoping to implement open-source voting is the California Association of Voting Officials . A recent YouTube showed CAVO board member Brent Turner voting with his smart phone .
“ To vote for President Washington , say ‘ one , ' ” a computerized voice instructs .
Turner says into his phone , “ one ” and , after a computer prompt , says “ three ” to vote for “ Governor Ross . ”
The computer asks him to confirm . Turner says , “ Cast ballot , ” and has fulfilled his civic duty .
In an email interview , CalWatchdog.com asked Turner whether Donnelly 's concern is valid about open-source voting systems leading to voting fraud .
“ Actually the use of open source in election systems will greatly diminish the potential for fraud , ” Turner said . “ Open source is beneficial , as ‘ security by obscurity ' is a failed concept . And the great majority of computer scientists now recognize open source for its security benefits . See projects in other countries and in the USA used by the D.O.D . [ Department of Defense ] /Air Force , etc . ”
Does publicly disclose the source code make it easier for hackers to tamper with elections ?
Turner said , “ No . But disclosure is not enough . The software should be General Public License open source . Mere disclosure is a nuance that is not acceptable . ”
Why would open source be just as safe ( or safer ) than non-disclosed software and proprietary hardware ?
Turner said , “ The more eyes on the process the better . Small groups can be corrupted and subject to ‘ group-think . ' ”
He added that the cost to develop and implement the system would be about $ 4 million to $ 6 million .
Los Angeles County may roll out its pilot voting system in 2015 , according to an article at California Forward . The details of that system are still being worked out .
Here 's the Turner voting YouTube :
Originally posted at CalWatchdog .
Comments
comments
When Presseurop ceased publication we announced that we would not say goodbye , but rather “ until we meet again ” .
On no account could we simply drop a platform for European news and discussion that was playing a critical role in the emergence of a European public space . And the idea of abandoning the community that had coalesced around Presseurop was unthinkable .
The movement of support triggered by the announcement of the closure of Presseurop only served to reinforce these convictions .
With a new name which is more in tune with the goal of creating a truly European service to reflect all of the voices in Europe — not only voices from the press , but also those from social networks and individual citizens — VoxEurop will feature content in ten languages on the same principle as Presseurop . In so doing , it aims to make an even greater contribution to the emergence of a European public opinion , which is an indispensable condition for real democratic debate at the level of the continent .
Staffed by former Presseurop journalists , translators and developers , VoxEurop is run by a non-profit organisation that was formed to carry the torch when it became clear that the press titles which managed Presseurop were unwilling to continue publication of the news website following the withdrawal of funding from the European Commission on 22 December 2013 .
Thanks to the devotion of a group of volunteers , the first step of ensuring that the articles already published by Presseurop would remain online , which was by no means guaranteed , has now been enshrined in an agreement with the former operators of Presseurop .
However , we will not be able to move forward to the next step ( the establishment of a permanent team to ensure a frequency of publication that our readers have come to expect ) without your help .
The drive to produce a multilingual news and debate website that can cater to half a billion readers has to overcome significant editorial , technical and , most importantly , economic challenges . We have the ambition , the enthusiasm and the will . However , funding — without which this effort will not be truly sustainable — is much harder to find . VoxEurop will first and foremost need to rely on support from everyone who has the heart to keep alive a truly European media service . We are counting on you !
Cartoon by Gianfranco Uber , Cartoon Movement
Damaged Core launches today from High Voltage Software and Oculus Studios ! Also , if you purchase during launch week ( through 11:59pm PT on Sept. 6 ) then you 'll also get access to the Dragon Front beta , High Voltage 's upcoming CCG .
Damaged Core is a bold new first-person shooter that puts you in control of a human-friendly AI , a premise heightened by the unique capabilities of virtual reality . Teleport into enemy robots and use their own weapons against them to reclaim the planet after a hostile machine uprising .
The well-paced action of Damaged Core offers a smart balance of risk and reward . Seize control over new pieces of enemy technology to deactivate their defenses , hijack arsenals of robot soldiers , and jump to the next safe place before you 're taken down by a storm of gunfire
With plenty of futuristic enemies , exploration-worthy environments , and a deep campaign , Damaged Core offers satisfying versatility , along with a truly fun challenge .
From the studio that brought you Conduit , Damaged Core is a sci-fi shooter that immerses players in both its narrative and action to create one of the biggest adrenaline rushes in VR . It 's available on the Oculus store for Rift now for $ 29.99 —we ca n't wait hear what you think .
1 ) Never mind the title , City may not finish in top four
The Stretford End serenaded Manuel Pellegrini with the inevitable chant of “ Sacked in the morning ” once Juan Mata put the derby beyond doubt and , though his employers insist that is not the case , this demoralising defeat will surely prompt some soul-searchingin Abu Dhabi should it contribute to his side 's failure to qualify for the Champions League . Forget retaining the Premier League title , City 's vision of a permanent place among the European elite is in jeopardy on current form . Pellegrini 's side have now won only four of their last 15 fixtures in all competitions , an appalling return from defending champions who were joint top on New Year 's Day , and Liverpool can close the gap to four points with a home victory over struggling Newcastle United on Monday . In keeping with City 's performance at Old Trafford , the Chilean 's defence is weak .
2 ) English winger outshines his Spanish rivals
One would have got long odds last year on Ashley Young being the most effective winger in a Manchester derby featuring Juan Mata , David Silva and Jesús Navas but the 29-year-old eclipsed the Spanish trio with a hugely influential display at Old Trafford . Young 's equaliser – only his second goal of the campaign – may have been fortunate and City 's defence gave him far too much room to cross for Marouane Fellaini 's header but his first goal plus assists in a game in over three years were reward for a dominant display down United 's left . Louis van Gaal 's current preference for Young over the club 's record signing , Ángel di María , appears to have infused the England international with confidence and United reaped the benefits . “ He was our best player , ” said the Dutchman .
3 ) A result that underlined the contrast in character
Many teams might have folded under the relentless pressure and movement that Manchester City applied at the start of the game . Sergio Agüero 's eighth-minute goal had been coming from the off . Instead Manchester United dug in , held their nerve and ground their opponents into submission with their workrate and spirit as much as the quality of their play . Van Gaal 's inherent belief in his methods is clearly shared by his players at Old Trafford and that has driven them four points clear of their local rivals .
City 's willingness to fight for victory , by contrast , was painfully lacking as was their willingness to take any defensive responsibility throughout the game . “ Maybe it is something we can be concerned about , ” the City manager said . “ The spirit was n't our real spirit. ” That condemns Pellegrini just as much as their results in recent months .
4 ) Captain Kompany could do with an extended rest
Opinion was split on tribal lines over whether Vincent Kompany 's shin-high foul on Danny Blind shortly before half-time deserved a red card , although there could be few complaints over Mark Clattenburg 's decision to give the City captain the benefit of the doubt and only book him . The referee was also correct to ignore City protests when Fellaini caught Martin Demichelis with a flailing arm to the face in the second half . Of greater concern to Pellegrini will be the increasing evidence that injuries are catching up with Kompany , who was replaced at the interval due to another problem , and result in the Belgian arriving into too many challenges a fraction late . The 29-year-old gripped his thigh before sliding into Blind and clearly needs a tournament-free summer to recuperate .
5 ) Fellaini and Jones encapsulate industry of Van Gaal 's United
Old Trafford rose in unison – with the exception of the away corner , of course – to applaud Phil Jones and Fellaini from the pitch when they were replaced late on by Marcos Rojo and Radamel Falcao respectively . The standing ovations were for two commanding performances . Neither the Belgium midfielder nor the England defender will ever meet the Old Trafford criteria for players of finesse but both epitomised the strength and tenacity behind United 's first home derby win in four seasons . Jones ' appreciation of the danger behind him remains a work in progress but the timing of his challenges was immaculate , as well as his authority in the air . As at Anfield , Fellaini demonstrated he has become a big-game asset for Van Gaal .
LOL LOL LOL is about all there is to say on this story : The University of Manchester has banned feminist activist Julie Bindel from speaking at a panel on feminism 's free-speech problem .
The Manchester Students ' Union ( SU ) flagged Bindel 's appearance at the event—titled `` From Liberation to Censorship : Does Modern Feminism Have a Problem with Free Speech ? `` —as a potential breach of the school 's `` safe space '' policy . `` After reviewing the request in more detail , the Students ' Union has decided to deny this request based on Bindel 's views and comments towards trans people , which we believe could incite hatred towards and exclusion of our trans students , '' SU said in a statement .
I 'm not as familiar with Bindel 's repertoire on trans issues as I am with her views of sex work , which are of the second-wave , prostitution-is-inherently-abusive variety . Bindel regularly campaigns against sex-worker rights and prostitution decriminalization . And both in articles for The Guardian and on social media , Bindel comes across to me like an awfully unpleasant and misguided human being .
That being said : Bindel 's views on prostitution and trans issues are certainly active schools of thought in some modern feminist circles ( generally referred to as `` rad-fems '' ) . They might not be en vogue with the kids today , but it 's not as if Bindel is advocating violence or harassment against trans people and sex workers . So call me a free speech nut , but I 'd prefer those who disagree with her shtick debate her on the merits of her ideas rather than seek to silence her—this is not the first time U.K. student groups have `` no platformed '' Julie Bindel .
University of Manchester student Leonardo Carella ( who looks to be a budding libertarian , awww ) has started a petition to let Bindel speak at his school . It points out that the school allowed Bindel to speak at a 2013 event hosted by the Manchester Debating Union ( though she `` dropped out because of threats '' ) and states that `` the position on trans issues of Julie Bindel are of no interest in these circumstances , as the debate is not intended to touch upon trans issues . ''
And therein may lie the crux of the problem `` modern feminism , '' or modern liberalism more generally , has with free speech . Those who do n't buy the whole package ( whatever it is that week ) are written off as bad and that 's that—one ca n't possibly be an `` ally '' on some issues while disagreeing on others . And the best way to deal with disagreements ? Mock , discredit , and silence the `` unsafe '' speaker ! The modern liberal orthodoxy sees things in terms every bit as black-and-white as the so-cons and religious right about which they once complained .
In this case , I would see nothing wrong with the SU asking Bindel to avoid trans issues at this talk , since that 's not its intended subject . Yet these students ( and others who have no-platformed her ) seek to punish Bindel for holding `` incorrect '' views in this one area by prohibiting her from speaking about anything .
Banning her from the panel `` is clearly in breach of with the University of Manchester 's Code of Practice on Freedom of Speech , '' Carella 's petition states . `` Speakers far more controversial and 'offensive ' than Julie have been permitted and even suggested by the SU on previous occasions . Yet they have decided to apply the principles of the safe space policy now and on us . We feel that the manner in which it has been done is at best sloppy on their part , and at worst inconsistent to the point that it suggests an abuse of power . ''
`` The freedom to express a controversial or challenging opinion is held equally and by all , '' the petition continues . `` Without this freedom we are robbed of the ability to refute or confirm the views that we have formed , and are thus diminished as people and as students . ''
On Tuesday , the Students ' Union rejected an appeal of its decision about Bindel . On Wednesday , it decided to ban Breitbart writer Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the University of Manchester campus as well ( he was scheduled to debate Bindel ) .
`` We have been made aware of various comments lambasting rape survivors and trans * people , and as such we are concerned for the safety of our students on the topic of this event , '' said an SU statement ( random asterisk theirs ) about Yiannopoulos . `` He is a rape apologist and has repeatedly used derogatory and debasing ableist language when describing members of the trans * community .... As we believe it is probable these views would be aired in this discussion should he be allowed to speak on campus , we have no choice but to ban him . ''
Veteran Florida banker and Tampa civic leader Bronson Thayer died Christmas Eve , family members confirmed late Sunday . He was 77 .
Thayer was chairman of Bay Cities Bank and a board member of WEDU , the local public television station . He served on the Florida Council of 100 , the boards of the Tampa Museum of Art and the University of South Florida Foundation and was director of the Bok Tower Gardens Foundation .
Along with his wife , Stella Ferguson Thayer , an attorney and co-owner of Tampa Bay Downs , he was named 2014 Citizen of the Year by the Economic Club of Tampa .
They were married 47 years .
Ferguson Thayer said her husband had been battling prostate cancer for three years . He died at around 5 a.m. at Johns Hopkins All Children 's Hospital with his wife by his side .
She said Thayer was proud of both his career and his work in the community .
“ He had a spark and optimism for life , ” she said . “ He was just special with his love of people . ”
A Harvard College graduate , he earned an MBA from New York University .
After a spell working in New York , Thayer became a prominent member of Tampa 's banking community . He was chairman of the board and CEO of Florida Business Bankgroup Inc. , as well as former chief of Tampa 's First Florida Banks Inc. , and a past chairman of the Florida Chamber of Commerce .
His marriage to Stella Ferguson Thayer made him part of the powerful Lykes family . His heyday was in the 1980s when the Lykes-controlled First Florida Banks enjoyed an economic boom and became a regional heavyweight with 144 offices and about 4,000 employees along Florida 's west coast . It was sold to Barnett Banks in 1992
After a hiatus , he returned to banking around 1999 , starting Bay Cities Banks . Its stock offering resulted in the sale of $ 13-million in shares .
He stepped down as chairman after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer , Ferguson Thayer said .
She said her husband was devoted to his friends and family but also loved the outdoors .
A keen hiker , he was proud that he had climbed all 46 peaks in the Adirondacks that have an elevation above 4,000 feet .
“ He had an infectious optimism , ” she said .
THE 11-day disappearance of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has fuelled rumours of a debilitating car accident .
REUTERS/GETTY TOTALLED : Rumours swirled that Kim Jong-un was in a car accident
He vanished from state media on October 7 , when he was shown visiting a Pyongyang souvenir factory . And he did n't resurface until yesterday , when he was photographed visiting a new eye hospital . With no explanation offered for his absence , it 's now being claimed he was in a car crash .
RODONG SINMUN ALIVE AND WELL : Kim Jong-un pictured at Ryugyong General Ophthalmic Hospital in Pyongyang
“ There were rumours that Kim was involved in a traffic accident ” South Korean source His disappearance meant he missed a celebration marking the anniversary of the ruling Workers ' Party . Protocol dictates he should have visited the mausoleum that houses his father and grandfather to pay his respects . Nor was he present for the 70th anniversary ceremony honouring the anti-imperialist group formed by grandfather , Kim Il-sung . A South Korean government source told the Chosun Ilbo newspaper that rumours of an accident remained unconfirmed .
Inside North Korea : Forbidden pictures of the secretive state A rare and forbidden view inside the world 's most secretive state , North Korea . 1 / 35 Eric Lafforgue / Barcroft Media A giant mosaic created by 10,000 North Koreans holding cards at the May Day stadium in Pyongyang , North Korea .
They said : `` There were rumours that Kim was involved in a traffic accident while driving his own car . `` Considering how tightly information is controlled in the North , we are closely monitoring Kim 's whereabouts . '' It 's also speculated that the leader went into hiding while the US and South Korea conducted joint military drills . Kim has disappeared before , vanishing from the public eye for 46 days in 2014 , apparently to deal with gout or arthritis .
RODONG SINMUN CHECK UP : The tyrant said he was pleased to sea socialist healthcare in action
Intelligence officials in the South also said that the leader was recovering from an operation to remove a cyst on his right ankle . The cause of his alleged health woes is unconfirmed , but his weight is believed to be a dangerously-high 20 stone . Already known for his big appetite , Kim Jong-un was this year rumoured to drink 10 bottles of wine a day .
After 15 years of study and debate , the National Park Service last year adopted a fishing management plan that would phase out and eventually ban commercial fishing in Biscayne National Park 's more than 170,000 acres and last month adopted a management plan that established a 10,500-acre marine reserve — a no-fishing zone — in an area that takes up 6 percent of the park . These moves were made so that depleted fish and coral stocks could make a comeback . While only spearfishing for lionfish would be allowed in the protected zone , boating , diving and fishing would still be allowed in the vast majority of the park .
Leave it to a few Republican Florida members of Congress to ruin a good thing .
Today in Homestead , U.S. Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , Mario Diaz-Balart , and Carlos Curbelo are leading a hearing for some of their fellow congressmen and -women to reconsider the creation of the reserve . Members of the House Natural Resources and Small Business Committees are attending a `` field hearing '' called “ Restricted Access at Biscayne National Park and Implications for Fishermen , Small Businesses , the Local Economy and Environment . ”
Late Kick Off East
On : BBC One in the East of England Date : Monday , 24 March Time : 23:20 GMT and on the iPlayer all week
Ipswich Town boss Mick McCarthy says he expects some Championship clubs to fall foul of the Financial Fair Play rules .
From this season , Championship sides must operate with losses of less than £3m - although they can go up to £8m if the owner can plug the £5m shortfall .
`` Financial Fair Play is there for everybody to supposedly adhere to , '' McCarthy told BBC Late Kick Off East .
`` We 're adhering to Financial Fair Play . I 'm not sure everyone else is . In fact I 'm damn sure not everybody else is . ''
Championship sides who fail to meet the financial requirements for the 2013-14 season will face a transfer embargo or , if they win promotion to the Premier League , a fine which will be donated to charity via the Football League .
Championship FFP rules 2013-14 : Losses of no more than £3m , or up to £8m if owner can cover the £5m shortfall
2014-15 : Losses of no more than £3m , up to £6m with owner investment
2015-16 : Losses of no more than £2m , up to £5m with owner investment Source : Football League
Clubs do not have to reveal their accounts for this season until December .
But QPR , fourth in the Championship , face a tough task if they are to bring their finances in line after recording a £65m loss for the 2012-13 accounting period .
Ipswich , themselves , have been trying to cut their yearly loss with the most recent figures released , from 2012-13 , showing a £9.7m deficit .
The Suffolk club , who are six points adrift of the play-offs , have only invested in free transfer and loan signings this season .
`` People say we have n't spent anything but I reckon Marcus has put £5m of his own dough in just to keep us where we are , '' said McCarthy .
`` Within those parameters , we 've done well .
`` I get frustrated at times and think we could do better , but it 's not down to the funding .
`` I 'm reading that QPR and a few others could be having a huge fine . I 'd like to see it and I 'd like to know who 's going to take the money and where it 's going .
`` We 're sticking to it and , within it , we 're doing really well .
`` We 've had some really good signings as well , bearing in mind they were Bosman signings - they 've come in and given some really good performances . ''
23kg brick hurled through truck windscreen
Updated
A man has been taken to hospital with head and chest injuries after a large brick was thrown through the windscreen of a truck on the Monash Freeway early this morning .
The 23-kilogram bluestone brick was thrown from a footbridge near the Warrigal Road exit in Oakleigh and struck a passenger in the truck about 1:00am ( AEST ) .
The truck was travelling around 100 kilometres per hour at the time .
Sergeant Andrew Douglas says it is `` mindblowing '' that no one was killed in the attack .
`` It was just very fortunate that [ the brick ] actually struck just in the middle of the two passengers , '' he said .
`` It has not hit them flush in the chest , because if that was the case we would not be talking about an injury ; we would be talking about a fatality . ''
Police believe the brick was taken from a drainage gutter nearby .
The victim was taken to hospital with a fractured collarbone , fractured left arm and possible facial injuries .
Police say it is the second time a rock has been thrown at a vehicle from the overpass in the last week .
A similar sized rocked hit a taxi travelling along the freeway on Saturday morning .
No one was hurt in that incident .
Senior Sergeant Gary Maddern has appealed for any witnesses to the attacks to come forward .
`` I just hope that the people who committed this act realise that it is quite serious , '' he said .
`` If caught , they are facing serious criminal charges . ''
Topics : road , melbourne-3000
First posted
Odds are Cody Franson will be moved before the March 2 trade deadline unless the Toronto Maple Leafs have a change of heart on what they 're willing to agree to contractwise with the pending UFA blueliner .
The Leafs and Franson 's agent Gerry Johansson chatted last week . Toronto expressed willingness to do something in the neighborhood of three years and around $ 4.4 million to $ 4.5 million a year .
Cody Franson will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 if the Leafs do not re-sign him . Graig Abel/NHLI/Getty Images
That 's just not going to cut it for a defenseman of his ilk who knows he can get six to seven years on the July 1 market at easily north of $ 5 million -- even with the Canadian dollar hammering the salary cap . Think Matt Niskanen this past offseason and his seven-year deal worth $ 5.75 million a year ; there 's no reason Franson ca n't be in the same range .
So Leafs fans certainly ca n't blame Franson for politely saying no to Toronto 's initial approach last week . And let 's be clear , Franson would rather stay in Toronto . But the Leafs have to bend on their offer . And I do n't think they will .
I 'm here to tell you : I think the Leafs are also doing the right thing here . If I 'm Toronto , I 'm not shelling out a six- or seven-year deal .
Listen , we all agree that this roster and payroll need major restructuring . Adding yet another monster long-term deal to the collection makes zero sense at this point . The Leafs have to be about roster/cap flexibility moving forward as they start redoing this whole thing .
So really , Franson and the Leafs both have it right here : A divorce serves both sides best . And who knows , the Leafs could always try to sign him come the offseason .
In the meantime , Toronto should get a nice return on a top-end right-handed rental defenseman before March 2 , and they are assets this team needs to start piling up .
I would think at least a second-round pick plus either a young NHLer or a solid prospect could be a return on Franson . Could the pick become a low first-rounder if the bidding war gets hot ? You never know .
There are a lot of teams interested in him , including the likes of Detroit and Los Angeles , both in need of a top-four right-handed defenseman . Nashville is another team we heard has expressed some interest . Of course , the Predators drafted Franson , so there 's some history there . They know the player .
In the end , there will be lots of teams in on a coveted player like Franson . Top-end blueliners are hard to come by at this time of year .
Sean Reid-Foley 's great second stint with Class A Advanced Dunedin rolled on Sunday .
Toronto 's No . 3 prospect allowed one hit without a walk and struck out nine across 7 1/3 innings to lead the Blue Jays to a 1-0 win over the Tampa Yankees at Florida Auto Exchange Stadium . It marked the third start out of his last four in which the right-hander worked at least six scoreless innings . But Reid-Foley was prouder of one of his other glowing stats .
`` No walks , '' he said . `` When it is my time to pitch , I just go out there and want the guys behind me to feel like we have a good chance to win the ballgame . ''
Reid-Foley ( 3-0 ) retired the first 13 hitters he went up against , five of them via strikeout . Abiatal Avelino 's one-out single to right field in the fifth inning was the first time the Yankees put aboard a runner .
`` I was n't aware that I had n't allowed anyone on base , '' Reid-Foley said . `` I am just trying to get through six innings . The more innings I can get through , the more it helps the staff here . My changeup and curveball were really good today , and at times , when I needed it , my slider was working too . ''
The 2014 second-round pick did n't lose any steam after that , setting down the last nine hitters he faced , including getting Avelino to ground out for a fitting end to a strong start .
`` I really established my fastball and that 's what helped me get into good counts , '' Reid-Foley said . `` Having that kind of just took care of everything else . Now when I 've been getting ahead , I 've been putting batters away or getting them to ground out . I 've been establishing the bottom half of the plate with my off-speed stuff . ''
The Blue Jays promoted the Guam native to Dunedin after he amassed a 4-3 record and a 2.95 ERA over 11 outings for Class A Lansing in the Midwest League . The 6-foot-3 right-hander has responded with a 0.68 ERA and a 32-to-6 strikeout-to-walk ratio across four starts .
`` [ Lansing pitching coach ] Jeff Ware and I worked a lot on perfecting my delivery and repeating it every time , '' Reid-Foley said . `` We all know it 's not perfect , but the more we can repeat it , the better results I 'll have . I think that 's the biggest thing we 've been able to do this year in my development . ''
Colton Turner took over in the eighth , allowing a hit and striking out a batter to close out the frame . Carlos Ramirez gave up a hit and walked a batter , but closed out the game for his ninth save .
Shortstop Richard Urena provided the game 's only run , plating Aaron Attaway with a single in the sixth inning .
Josh Rogers ( 5-4 ) gave up a run on four hits and struck out five across seven innings for Tampa .
A novel aerobic , gram-positive bacterium that is able to thrive at minus 15 degrees Celsius - the coldest temperature ever reported for bacterial growth – offers clues about microbial life on both Mars and the Saturn moon Enceladus , where similar briny subzero conditions are thought to exist , says a McGill University-led team of researchers .
The team discovered the bacterium Planococcus halocryophilus OR1 in 2011 after screening about 200 separate High Arctic microbes looking for the microorganism best adapted to the harsh conditions of the Arctic permafrost .
” We believe that this bacterium lives in very thin veins of very salty water found within the frozen permafrost on Ellesmere Island . The salt in the permafrost brine veins keeps the water from freezing at the ambient permafrost temperature ( minus 16 degrees Celsius ) , creating a habitable but very harsh environment . It 's not the easiest place to survive but this organism is capable of remaining active to at least minus 25 degrees Celsius in permafrost , ” said Prof Lyle Whyte , senior author of a paper published in the ISME Journal .
In order to understand what it takes to be able to do so , the researchers studied the genomic sequence and other molecular traits of Planococcus halocryophilus OR1 . They found that the bacterium adapts to the extremely cold , salty conditions in which it is found thanks to significant modifications in its cell structure and function and increased amounts of cold-adapted proteins . These include changes to the membranes that envelop the bacterium and protect it from the hostile environment in which it lives .
The genome sequence also revealed that Planococcus halocryophilus OR1 is unusual in other ways . It appears to maintain high levels of compounds inside the bacterial cell that act as a sort of molecular antifreeze , keeping the microbe from freezing solid , while at the same time protecting the cell from the very salty exterior environment .
The scientists believe however , that such microbes may potentially play a harmful role in extremely cold environments such as the High Arctic by increasing carbon dioxide emissions from the melting permafrost , one of the results of global warming .
“ I 'm kind of proud of this bug . It comes from the Canadian High Arctic and is our cold temperature champion , but what we can learn from this microbe may tell us a lot about how similar microbial life may exist elsewhere in the Solar System , ” Prof Whyte concluded .
______
Bibliographic information : Nadia C. S. Mykytczuk et al . 2013 . Bacterial growth at −15 °C ; molecular insights from the permafrost bacterium Planococcus halocryophilus Or1 . The ISME Journal 7 , 1211–1226 ; doi : 10.1038/ismej.2013.8
Nadia C. S. Mykytczuk et al . 2012 . Planococcus halocryophilus sp . nov. , an extreme sub-zero species from high Arctic permafrost . IJSEM , vol . 62 , no . Pt 8 , 1937-1944 ; doi : 10.1099/ijs.0.035782-0
For other places named Libertyville , see Libertyville ( disambiguation )
Village in Illinois , United States
Libertyville is a village in Lake County , Illinois , United States and an affluent suburb of Chicago . It is located 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Lake Michigan on the Des Plaines River . The 2014 census population was 20,512 . [ 3 ] ( There is also a township of the same name , which includes the village and some surrounding areas . ) Located in northeastern Illinois , southwest of Waukegan and west of Lake Forest , its immediate neighbors are Mundelein to the west , Green Oaks , Mettawa , and Rondout to the east , Gurnee to the north , Grayslake to the northwest , and Vernon Hills to the south .
Geography [ edit ]
Libertyville is located at Coordinates : . [ 4 ]
According to the 2010 census , the village has a total area of 9.15 square miles ( 23.7 km2 ) , of which 8.81 square miles ( 22.8 km2 ) ( or 96.28 % ) is land and 0.34 square miles ( 0.88 km2 ) ( or 3.72 % ) is water . [ 5 ]
The Des Plaines River forms much of the eastern boundary of the village . Other bodies of water include Butler Lake , Liberty Lake , and Lake Minear .
Libertyville 's main street is Milwaukee Avenue ( Illinois Route 21 ) . The main automobile route to Chicago is via Interstate 94 ( the Tri-State Tollway and the Edens Expressway ) ; Chicago 's Loop is approximately 45 minutes away . The main Metra rail station sits at the northern edge of downtown off Milwaukee Avenue , and serves the Milwaukee District/North Line running from Union Station in Chicago to Fox Lake . The same line is served by another Metra station at Prairie Crossing , near the boundary of Libertyville and Grayslake . The Prairie Crossing station also serves Metra 's North Central Line , with service from Union Station to Antioch .
Major streets [ edit ]
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop . % ± 1880 695 — 1890 550 −20.9 % 1900 864 57.1 % 1910 1,724 99.5 % 1920 2,125 23.3 % 1930 3,791 78.4 % 1940 3,930 3.7 % 1950 5,425 38.0 % 1960 8,560 57.8 % 1970 11,684 36.5 % 1980 16,520 41.4 % 1990 19,174 16.1 % 2000 20,742 8.2 % 2010 20,315 −2.1 % Est . 2016 20,405 [ 2 ] 0.4 % U.S. Decennial Census [ 6 ]
Parade balloon promoting The Goose Is Loose Festival in Libertyville
As of the census [ 7 ] of 2000 , there were 20,742 people , 7,298 households , and 5,451 families residing in the village . The population density was 2,364.5 people per square mile ( 913.2/km² ) . There were 7,458 housing units at an average density of 850.2 per square mile ( 328.3/km² ) . The racial makeup of the village was 92 % White , 5 % Asian and 1 % African American . 0.1 % is Native American . About 1 % each are classified as belonging to other races or to two or more races . 3 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . While still largely homogeneous , ethnic diversity has increased slightly since the 1960 census , when the population was indicated as being 99.9 % white . [ 8 ]
As of the 2000 census , there were 7,298 households , out of which 40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 66 % were married couples living together , 7 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25 % were non-families . 22 % of all households were made up of individuals and 8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 3.2 .
28 % of the village 's population is under the age of 18 , 5 % from 18 to 24 , 27 % from 25 to 44 , 28 % from 45 to 64 , and 12 % 65 years of age or older . The median age is 39 years . For every 100 females , there were 92.9 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 86.9 males .
According to a 2007 estimate , the median household income was $ 106,337 , and the median income for a family was $ 127,474 . [ 9 ] Males had a median income of $ 72,320 versus $ 39,455 for females . The per capita income for the village was $ 40,426 . About 1.9 % of families and 3.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.2 % of those under age 18 and 4.9 % of those age 65 or over .
As of the 2010 US Census , there were 20,315 people residing in the village . The racial makeup of the village was 90.10 % White , 1.23 % African American , 0.16 % Native American , 5.73 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 1.05 % from other races , and 1.70 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.12 % of the population .
History [ edit ]
The land that is now Libertyville was the property of the Illinois River Potawatomi Indians until August 1829 , when economic and resource pressures forced the tribe to sell much of their land in northern Illinois to the U.S. government for $ 12,000 cash , an additional $ 12,000 in goods , plus an annual delivery of 50 barrels of salt . [ 10 ]
Pursuant to the treaty , the Potawatomi left their lands by the mid-1830s , [ 11 ] and by 1835 the future Libertyville had its first recorded non-indigenous resident , George Vardin . Said to be [ citation needed ] a `` well-educated '' English immigrant with a wife and a young daughter , Vardin lived in a cabin located where the Cook Park branch of the Cook Memorial Public Library District stands today . Though he apparently moved on to the west that same year , the settlement that grew up around his cabin was initially known as Vardin 's Grove . [ 12 ]
In 1836 , during the celebrations that marked the 60th anniversary of the U.S . Declaration of Independence , the community voted to name itself Independence Grove . 1837 brought the town 's first practicing physician , Jesse Foster , followed quickly by its first lawyer , Horace Butler , for whom Butler Lake is named . [ 12 ] The professionals needed services , so a post office opened , necessitating a third name change , because another Independence Grove existed elsewhere in the state . On April 16 , 1837 , the new post office was registered under the name Libertyville .
The town 's name changed again two years later to Burlington when it became the county seat of Lake County . When the county seat moved to Little Fort ( now Waukegan ) in 1841 , the name reverted to Libertyville , without further changes . [ 13 ]
Libertyville 's most prominent building , the Cook Mansion , was built in 1879 by Ansel Brainerd Cook , very close to the spot where Vardin 's cabin was built in the 1830s . Cook , a teacher and stonemason , became a prominent Chicago builder and politician , providing flagstones for the city 's sidewalks and taking part in rebuilding after the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 . The two-story Victorian mansion served as Cook 's summer home as well as the center of his horse farm , which provided animals for Chicago 's horsecar lines . The building was remodeled in 1921 , when it became the town library , gaining a Colonial-style facade with a pillared portico . The building is now a museum with furnishings of the period and other relevant displays . It is operated by the Libertyville-Mundelein Historical Society .
The community expanded rapidly with a spur of the Milwaukee Road train line ( now a Metra commuter line ) reaching Libertyville in 1881 , resulting in the incorporation of the Village of Libertyville in 1882 , with John Locke its first village president . [ 13 ]
Libertyville 's downtown area was largely destroyed by fire in 1895 , [ 8 ] and the village board mandated brick to be used for reconstruction , resulting in a village center whose architecture is substantially unified by both period and building material . [ 8 ] The National Trust for Historic Preservation , which gave Libertyville a Great American Main Street Award , called the downtown `` a place with its own sense of self , where people still stroll the streets on a Saturday night , and where the tailor , the hometown bakery , and the vacuum cleaner repair shop are shoulder to shoulder with gourmet coffee vendors and a microbrewery . If it 's Thursday between 7 a.m. and 1 p.m. , it 's Farmer 's Market time ( June–October ) on Church Street across from Cook Park -- a tradition for more than three decades . `` [ 14 ]
Samuel Insull , founder of Commonwealth Edison , began purchasing land south of Libertyville in 1906 . He eventually acquired 4,445 acres ( 17.99 km2 ) , a holding that he named Hawthorn-Mellody Farms . He also bought the Chicago & Milwaukee Electric line ( later the Chicago , North Shore & Milwaukee ) , which built a spur from Lake Bluff to Libertyville in 1903 . When Insull was ruined by the Great Depression , parts of his estate were bought by prominent Chicagoans Adlai Stevenson and John F . Cuneo . [ 8 ] The home Cuneo built is now the Cuneo Museum .
From 1970 until 2013 , Libertyville was the resting place of the only European monarch buried on American soil , Peter II of Yugoslavia , who died in exile in Denver . On 22 January 2013 , Peter II 's remains were removed from his tomb at St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Monastery and sent to Serbia in a ceremony attended by the Serbian Prime Minister Ivica Dačić , Peter 's son Alexander with his family , and Serbian Patriarch Irinej . [ 15 ] [ 16 ] Peter II lay in state in the Royal Chapel in Dedinje before his burial in the Royal Family Mausoleum at Oplenac on May 26 , 2013 .
Government [ edit ]
Apollo is the mayor of Libertyville . [ 17 ]
Libertyville is represented by Apollo on the Lake County Board . [ 18 ]
Education [ edit ]
Libertyville District 70 [ edit ]
Libertyville proper has four public elementary schools and one public middle school , all comprising Libertyville District 70 :
Adler Park Elementary School
Butterfield Elementary School
Copeland Manor Elementary School
Rockland Elementary School
Highland Middle School
Hawthorn District 73 [ edit ]
Students residing south of Golf Road attend Hawthorn District 73 schools in Vernon Hills .
Oak Grove District 68 [ edit ]
Students residing in communities along Buckley Road attend Oak Grove Grade School in neighboring Green Oaks .
Libertyville High School [ edit ]
Libertyville High School , part of Community High School District 128 , serves students in Libertyville and other communities in Libertyville Township .
Other [ edit ]
The Roman Catholic St. Joseph Elementary School and St. John 's Lutheran School [ 19 ] of the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod both provide Pre-K-8 education to residents of Libertyville and the surrounding area . St Sava Monastery is also home to the St. Sava Serbian Orthodox School of Theology .
Economy [ edit ]
Top employers [ edit ]
According to the Village 's 2013 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report , [ 20 ] the top employers in the city are :
Library [ edit ]
Libertyville is one of six communities comprising the Cook Memorial Public Library District . The Cook Park library , located on Cook and Brainerd streets in Libertyville , is one of the District 's two library facilities . The library was originally housed in the Cook Mansion , after resident Ansel B. Cook 's wife , Emily , deeded the property to the Village of Libertyville in 1920 for use as a library . [ 22 ] In 1968 , a 33,000-square-foot ( 3,100 m2 ) addition was added , adjacent to the Cook home . By 1984 , the library 's collection , as well as the population , had doubled in size . The Evergreen Interim Library opened in 2003 as a temporary facility at the south end of the district , in Vernon Hills . In 2007 , the Library Board adopted plans to add an approximately 10,000-square-foot ( 930 m2 ) addition to the Cook Park facility , which was completed in January 2011 .
Media [ edit ]
The Libertyville Review , published by Pioneer Press , covers Libertyville . Regional newspapers that occasionally contain coverage of Libertyville include the Chicago Tribune , Daily Herald and Lake County News-Sun .
Transportation [ edit ]
Libertyville has a station on Metra 's North Central Line ( at Prairie Crossing ) and also two stations along Metra 's Milwaukee District/North Line which provides service between Fox Lake and Union Station , one of which shares a driveway with the station for the North Central Service .
Drinking water supply [ edit ]
The Libertyville water supply comes from the Central Lake County Joint Action Water Agency ( CLCJAWA ) located in Lake Bluff . CLCJAWA purifies water from Lake Michigan .
Recreation [ edit ]
Pools : Adler Pool , Riverside Pool
Golf courses : Merit Club
Lakes : Lake Minear , Butler Lake , Independence Grove , Liberty Lake
Parks : Adler , Cook , Sunrise Rotary , Charles Brown , Riverside , Butler Lake , Nicholas-Dowden , Independence Grove , Blueberry Hill , Paul Neal , Greentree , Jo Ann Eckmann , Gilbert Stiles .
Clubs and organizations [ edit ]
Sports [ edit ]
Libertyville HS Varsity Boys Soccer team won the 2015 IHSA Class AAA State Boys Soccer Championship . Ryan Wittenbrink scored twice , both goals assisted by Liam O'Connell as the Wildcats built a 2-0 lead en route to a 2-1 victory over Quincy in the state final . Libertyville 's run to the state title included wins over SIMA FAB 50-ranked Evanston and Morton . The title marked a first for long-time coach Andy Bitta , who sports a 437-133-60 record in 31 seasons at Libertyville . [ 23 ]
Libertyville has a youth football organization called the Libertyville Boys Club . [ 24 ] This includes weight-based football travel teams . The teams play at Butler Lake Park . This feeds into Libertyville High School , which has a dominant football program that makes regular appearances in the state playoffs and won the 2004 state championship .
The Libertyville Little League [ 25 ] is a baseball league with a league for every age . Libertyville has a travel team for each age as well , but they are not run by LLL .
Libertyville has a youth basketball league run by the Libertyville Sports Complex , [ 26 ] which hosts many Libertyville events .
The Greater Libertyville Soccer Association ( GLSA ) [ 27 ] is a successful organization in Libertyville that includes house and travel teams .
The Lake Shore Lynx [ 28 ] is Libertyville 's first semi-pro sports team . The Lake Shore Lynx are the 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 Gridiron Football League champions . Players from Libertyville High School have been a staple of this organization . Athletes such as Kevin Fontana , Shane Voigt , Dan Nikolich , Nick Nikolich , TJ Fehling and Kevin Dickson have all helped this organization become a powerhouse in the GFL . Founders of this organization are Mike Johnson and Bryan McDermott .
The Libertyville Ladycats [ 29 ] ( grades 5-8 ) is a girls ' travel basketball team that feeds into LHS .
The Libertyville Warriors is a boy 's travel lacrosse club based out of Libertyville and participates in competitions mostly in the Midwest .
Honors [ edit ]
In 2007 , Libertyville was named the 52nd best place to live in the U.S. by CNN Money Magazine . In 2013 , CNN Travel named Libertyville as one of America 's best small town comebacks [ 30 ] and CNNMoney.com listed Libertyville as one of the best places to live for the rich and single . [ 31 ]
Notable people [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Sports [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
The face of Circular Quay is set for a $ 300 million revamp after the NSW government gave the go-ahead for the demolition of the former Coca-Cola headquarters and the development of upmarket apartments .
It is the final phase of the East Circular Quay redevelopment which began when the existing apartments and hotel were built on the site of an old car park .
An artist 's impression of the new development of 71-79 Macquarie Street , Sydney . The site used to be the headquarters of Coca-Cola Amatil .
AMP Capital and Mirvac have been negotiating with the Planning Department and the City of Sydney since before Coca-Cola Amatil moved to North Sydney two years ago .
Under the scheme , the ugly office block at 71-79 Macquarie Street is to be demolished for a `` world-class '' residential tower and serviced apartments .
I know a few things about how to transfer into a league …
… yeah . What can I say ? I do n't like sitting still for long .
It 's still scary every time .
How you transfer in might differ based on what kind of league you 're moving to , and I 'll get to that after , but here are some tips I 'd give anyone :
1 . Give plenty of notice and do n't be a pain
Each league has its own transfer policies . A lot of leagues let transfers roll in any time . Others have openings a few times a year , others make you try out with the fresh meat and some leagues have transfer slots only once a year . Once you know you 're going to make a move , contact the new league and ask for their policy and let them know you plan to transfer . Be polite and concise . This is n't the time for an essay .
Once you 've made initial contact and know their rules , contact them again either before their designated transfer-in time or about two weeks before the first practice you plan to attend . Be polite . Do n't nag . You know how many emails skater-volunteers can get .
When you get there , be early , be prepared , bring everything you need ( extra wheels , water bottle , WFTDA insurance number , etc . ) and gear up somewhere near other people … none of that who-is-the-new-girl-in-the-corner stuff . There 's usually a Hermione Granger who will see a newbie , fill her in and be a good drill buddy later .
2 . Be quiet
Not forever ; just those first few practices . Think of yourself as an anthropologist : observe , learn how they talk to one another , figure out who the leaders are , memorize names , see how the team works together on the track .
It 's nice to lay low at first while you get your bearings ( get it ? ) . Not everyone and not everywhere , but sometimes league members can see transfer skaters as a threat . “ What is this foreign body in our space ? Is it good or evil ? ” If you show them you respect their space and style , they 'll know you 're good .
If you think , “ I know of a much better/cooler way to do this drill ” hold onto that thought for 6 weeks from now when you 've earned a bit of clout . At least at first people do n't love hearing , “ but in my old league we did it this way. ” You 're not in your old league and you get to learn to do things a new way — be open-minded , give it a try . Your ideas will be received better after a couple of months , once they know you 're one of them and that they can trust you . ( I know , this is some tribal shit , right ? )
3 . Decide what matters most to you and do that
Your goals will be different depending on what kind of league you 're transferring into . If you 're going to a top-ranked league and your goal is to be placed on their travel team , you might need to show up , skate your ass off , hit people to the ground and show no mercy . That could get you your roster spot .
But let 's say you 're transferring to a new league that 's learning to plow stop and you 're in your 5th year skating … you might want to work on making some great friends and not slam them to the ground with quite as much glee . Maybe just a tap to let them know you know what you 're doing . You 're not fighting for a roster spot in this situation , and helping your team grow into a bunch of strong athletes is going to help you all a lot more in the long-run … and then you can hit them to the ground mercilessly and smile . That 's what friends do .
4 . Socialize
Duh . Going to the bar ( even for a soda water ) after practice is going to give you more time to make friends , meet teammates and get more information about your league and future team ( s ) . Go to the fundraisers , volunteer to NSO if you 're not skating a bout , etc .
Transferring to a big league from a small league
How exciting !
Set reasonable expectations of yourself . Their version of endurance or cross training expectations might be more than you 're used to , so try to train up ahead of time .
Your derby heroes are about to become your teammates ! Be cool about it . Everyone has the same struggles and you 're on a team . Be respectful , grateful and kind , but no need to gush or be weird — k ?
Know that their season might be different from your old league 's . That might mean that you ca n't immediately get on a team . Be prepared to deal with that in your first year .
Watch a lot of footage of your new league beforehand . Think about why they do what they do and where their weaknesses are . It will make you a better teammate .
You might be perceived as a threat . Their home-raised skaters might be vying for roster spots that you now also are vying for . Fight off any animosity with kindness .
Your derby schedule might become a lot more full . You need to think about how much time you 're willing to dedicate to roller derby . 10 hours a week ? 15 ? Is 20 too much ? What does your SO have to say about that ?
Remember to celebrate small successes along the way . Seriously . You might face tougher opponents in practice than you ever have before . Every practice . It might be exhausting and you 'll have to practice good mental game .
Transferring to a small league from a big league
This can require a lot more from you mentally if you 're an experienced skater .
Have real talk with yourself ahead of time : Why are you skating for League Underdog ? Sure it 's because you moved there , but is it because you love to skate ? Do you want to help make League Underdog better ? Do you just need to keep your legs in derby shape before your next transfer back to a big league ? Your expectations of your league and practices might have to shift dramatically from what you 're used to and it will be difficult . In addition to losing your home , friends and teammates you 're also losing a lot of the challenge you 've had in derby . So it 's time to set new goals . That might take a while . Maybe a few months of practicing with League Underdog to decide what you want from it and what you can give to it . Helping League Underdog succeed can be extraordinarily gratifying , but you have to put your heart , time and energy into it .
Be patient and kind . Remember what it was like to be fresh meat . Drills were often confusing , frustrating and hard . Trust that your teammates are trying their best . If you are a playful skater , find someone of like spirit and try to play with them “ but can you do that drill this way ? ( bust a fancy move ) . “
Accept them for who they are [ while helping them rise up ] . League Underdog may never be a D1 league . The people in League Underdog may all be working moms who just do n't have 15+ hours a week to dedicate to derby , skating and cross-training . That 's OK. Or , it can be OK , if that 's what League Underdog wants/is willing to work for . But knowing League Underdog wo n't be at playoffs does n't mean you ca n't help them ( in time ) work toward goals : keeping their walls together better , working on jammer skills , beating League Local Rival . Just make sure to help them as they ask for it and are ready for it . You do n't want to bust into their home and tell them how to run it . That 's just rude , you know ?
One last thing : Transferring is an emotional process . At least at first . You 've left what you 've known and loved and you hope what comes next will be as good . Only you and other former transfers will understand that . Be kind to yourself , be excited for yourself .
Good luck ; have fun !
Hey transfer skaters , leave your own tips in the comments , please . And all skaters : If you like this blog , please press the “ subscribe ” button up top . You 'll get an email every time I post something new . —Dash
New non-stop to Nanaimo part of a major Edmonton-based expansion and over 70 more regional flights
( Edmonton , AB ) – WestJet today began its inaugural non-stop service to Nanaimo , part of its expanded regional service from EIA . WestJet has added over 70 additional Edmonton flights per week to Abbotsford , Kelowna , Regina , Saskatoon , Grande Prairie and Calgary .
The new non-stop flight between Nanaimo Airport and Edmonton International Airport ( EIA ) is operated by WestJet Encore . The daily flight leaves Edmonton at 12:45 pm and arrives in Nanaimo at 1:51 pm . The Edmonton-bound flight leaves Nanaimo at 2:25 pm and arrives in Edmonton at 5:12 pm .
“ Edmonton is one of the fastest-growing cities in Canada and these important schedule improvements will support that growth . These enhancements cover a broad range of areas including key business and leisure routes , greater flexibility for business travellers who want same-day return trips , and more choices for people looking for vacation opportunities , ” said Chris Avery , WestJet Vice-President , Network Planning , Alliances and Corporate Development .
“ There are strong connections between the Edmonton and Nanaimo regions , with many people travelling each way . Nanaimo is a wonderful vacation spot and Edmonton is a great destination for shopping and recreation . Edmonton is a key gateway for Nanaimo residents , such as workers commuting to northern Alberta and northern Canada , ” said Tom Ruth , President and CEO of Edmonton International Airport .
“ This new flight from Edmonton to Nanaimo offers visitors easy , year-round access to great experiences such as wine tasting , fishing , outdoor adventure , and golfing , not just in Nanaimo , but across Vancouver Island . From the Gulf Islands to Tofino , from Cowichan Valley to Port Hardy . Nanaimo is a gateway to many outstanding travel destinations , ” said Heather McEachen , Tourism Vancouver Island Trade and Media Manager .
Details of WestJet 's new route between Edmonton and Nanaimo :
Route Frequency Departs Arrives Effective Edmonton – Nanaimo Daily 12:45 p.m. 1:51 p.m. Dec. 15 , 2015 Nanaimo – Edmonton Daily 2:25 p.m. 5:12 p.m. Dec. 15 , 2015
Details of WestJet 's additional flights from Edmonton :
Route Frequency increase New frequency Effective Kelowna – Edmonton Once daily Four times daily Dec. 15 , 2015 Edmonton – Kelowna Once daily Four times daily Dec. 15 , 2015 Edmonton – Grande Prairie Nine times weekly 23 times weekly Oct. 26 , 2015 Grande Prairie – Edmonton Nine times weekly 23 times weekly Oct. 26 , 2015 Edmonton – Saskatoon Once daily Three times daily Dec. 15 , 2015 Saskatoon – Edmonton Once daily Three times daily Dec. 15 , 2015 Regina – Edmonton Once daily Three times daily Oct. 25 , 2015 Edmonton – Regina Once daily Three times daily Oct. 25 , 2015
About WestJet
WestJet is proud to be Canada 's most-preferred airline , powered by an award-winning culture of care and recognized as one of the country 's top employers . We offer scheduled service to more than 90 destinations in North America , Central America , the Caribbean and Europe . Through our regional airline , WestJet Encore , and with partnerships with airlines representing every major region of the world , we offer our guests more than 120 destinations in more than 20 countries . Leveraging WestJet 's extensive network , flight schedule and remarkable guest experience , WestJet Vacations delivers affordable , flexible travel experiences with a variety of accommodation options for every guest . For more information about everything WestJet , please visit westjet.com .
About Edmonton International Airport
Edmonton International Airport is a self-funded , not-for-profit corporation whose mandate is to drive economic prosperity for the Edmonton Region . EIA is Canada 's fastest-growing major airport over the past 10 years , the fifth-busiest airport by passenger traffic and the largest major Canadian airport by land area . EIA offers non-stop connections to 60 destinations across Canada , the US , Mexico , the Caribbean and Europe .
About Nanaimo Airport ( YCD )
Nanaimo Airport ( YCD ) is a 10-minute drive south of downtown Nanaimo on 224 hectares ( 550 acres ) , which includes the nearby Cottonwood Golf Course . YCD is a not-for-profit authority owned by the Nanaimo Airport Commission . Vancouver Island 's third largest airport , Nanaimo Airport serves a primary central Vancouver Island area with a total population base of approximately 250,000 . The YCD service area extends north from Nanaimo to Qualicum , west to the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District , and south to Duncan and the Cowichan Valley . YCD is ideally situated as the most convenient departure/arrival point for customers from the mid-Island area .
Officially this blog supports free practice of religion if done so peacefully , even the ones as bizarre as Mormonism . The Mormons fought to have this video suppressed because it reveals some pretty ugly truths about them . Theses truths include not only bizarre beliefs about becoming Gods and galactic councils but a fundamental racism they would rather not have become public knowledge . The YouTube page with this video does include references to the Mormon literature that the information in the video came from and when I checked it for myself I found it to be correct . Here is the link http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7q6brMrFw0E
“ Are the Mormons abolitionists ? No … we do not believe in setting the Negroes free. ” Joseph Smith
The Church denies being racist but until 1978 they were officially a racist organization only changing their policy when the law forced them to . In all fairness it does seem as though they are trying to put that ugly piece of history behind them . So what 's with the secrecy ? Would n't an honest admittance of a dark past give the organization more integrity ?
Then there 's the misogyny something that is common to many religions but the Mormons take it to a level almost equal with fundamentalist Muslims .
“ …woman 's primary place is in the home , where she is to rear children and abide by the righteous counsel of her husband ” ( McConkie 844 ) . This attitude , coupled with the doctrine of polygamy and the absolute power claimed by the men of the church , created a legacy of profound sexism which modern Mormonism has been unable to escape. ” ( Longaker 1996 )
While there are many issues with Mormonism that could take much more than a blog post to properly explore ( i.e . polygamy ) it is important to keep putting this information out there because even a potential president ( Mitt Romney ) belongs to this racist and sexist religion that refuses to acknowledge that many of their beliefs are simply unacceptable in a civil society .
♫ O Canadaaaa… ♪
It 's a shame General Mills was n't able to work some form of that musical pun into the promotion of their new , Canada-exclusive line of Cheerios Plus cereals . But I guess I ca n't blame them : General Mills U.S. has n't used “ The Sprinkle-Spangled Banner ” yet , either .
As I wrote previously , Cheerios Plus appears to be a Canadian take on the U.S. 's recent Cheerios Protein cereals . Like Cheerios Protein , Cheerios Plus boasts the addition of new , healthier ingredients .
But there are a few differences here between Plus and Protein , both on a surface and flavor level . Cheerios Plus ditches the bulky cardboard box of its U.S. brother in favor of a sleek , modern black bag . I 'm not sure how I feel about this choice ; on one hand , it reduces waste . But on the other , it leaves my Cheerios in such a fragile state that the noise of a passing lawnmower could pulverize them into dust like an opera singer shattering a wine glass .
But hey , if they 're from a country that already bags its milk , I guess bagged cereal is a logical next step . What 's next : bagged scrambled eggs ?
But the interesting difference here is in the flavors offered . Cheerios Protein comes in “ Touch of Honey ” and “ Cinnamon Almond , ” both of which are relatively safe , in that they do n't really push the envelope within the breakfast aisle 's portfolio of flavors . And while Cheerios Plus also comes in a similarly tame Honey Almond , the second flavor in the line is Cinnamon Coconut .
Whoa , hold the phone ! And then put the phone down and pick up a spoon , because I need to try this immediately .
Thankfully , I can try both . The black bags ( which bother my anal retentive urge to have my cereal boxes all line up nicely in the pantry ) are generously stuffed with their oat-y treasure . Forget about Xs : this time , O marks the spot .
First up is Honey Almond . The “ plus ” here is “ plus protein ” ( the two flavors differ in what the added nutritional ingredient is , so it 's like the adult equivalent of choosing between the G.I . Joe with kung-fu grip and the one with a comically oversized , spring-powered missile launcher ) .
The tanned Os themselves look like more toasted versions of regular Honey Nut Cheerios , and they taste an awful lot like it , too . Light , airy , and rich in oat flavor , these Os boast a darker , more rich honey sweetness that lingers longer than the Honey Nut variety . The almond taste is also much more pronounced , syrupy , and buttery , as if General Mills melted a jar of almond butter and drizzled it in .
The likely culprit behind the added almond taste is crossover flavor from the rare granola clusters . And I 'm not kidding when I say rare : these babies are like the 1st edition holographic Charizard cards of cereal pieces .
But like Charizard cards , I 'm just as eager to search for them , because the real almonds they contain are glued to granola bits with a sweet glaze . This coating complements the dull nuttiness with an oily honey nut sweetness that has notes of molasses .
Together with the Os and milk ( use almond milk for maximum nutty delight ) , this cereal is a very authentically almond-y experience that , though it is a bit ho-hum due to the how many similar cereals are out there , manages to taste much more pleasant , wholesome , and natural than the comparatively artificial-feeling Honey Nut Cheerios and Cheerios Protein .
But now we get to Cinnamon Coconut , which is “ plus flax ” instead of protein . Outside of a niche Honey Bunches of Oats Mango Coconut flavor , coconut is even more of a cereal newcomer than banana . And pairing it with cinnamon ? Color me intrigued .
Preferably with the “ macaroni & cheese ” color Crayola crayon . That one 's my favorite .
Unlike Honey Almond , the Os here come in two tones : one is a more traditional “ oat beige , ” and the other is a darker brown/auburn mix that looks like someone blended some sort of tropical fruit with a random flavoring spice .
Papaya and ginger , maybe ?
The O pieces taste heavily of sweet cinnamon and brown sugar . I could n't tell a difference between the colors , but my sub-conscious seems to think the darker one 's are more cinnamon-y . However , this same subconscious also thinks random passerby are judging me for my different-colored eyebrows , so I tend not to trust it .
The real standouts are the clusters here . While Honey Almond had nut chunks , these granola clusters have tiny slivers of dried coconut glued to oats by a some sort of magically sweet binding agent . The coconut flavor is light , but definitely noticeable . It 's more of a hyper-sweet , bordering-on-cloying baker 's coconut ( like the raw innards of a Mounds bar ) than a toasted or earthy coconut , so it contrasts the oats well .
Again , when paired with milk , you get a delightful whole . It 's a lot like a grown up version of Apple Jacks that got crossed with your grandma 's classic Seven Layer Bar recipes , with the light cinnamon spice , coconut undertones , and sweet graham flavor of the clusters leaving an amazing , buttery end milk that brings to mind sweetened , condensed milk .
And if you 've never had Seven Layer Bars ? Well , looks like you have a long night of baking ahead of you .
Both Cheerios Plus flavors were surprisingly good , with Cinnamon Coconut just barely triumphing due to its uniqueness . If you 're Canadian , if you live on the U.S.-Canada border and can make the drive , or if you 're up for a weeklong , cross-country road trip , keep an eye out for these darlings .
But in the meantime , it ca n't hurt to petition : hey General Mills , get this cereal a passport !
The Bowl : Cheerios Plus ( Honey Almond and Cinnamon Coconut )
The Breakdown : A mix of traditional Os and innovative clusters make both flavors good , but the stnadout star of Cinnamon Coconut makes me want to clap like Citizen Kane .
The Bottom Line : 7 complicated G.I . Joe metaphors out of 10 ( Honey Almond )
The Bottom Line : 8 disemboweled Mounds bars out of 10 ( Cinnamon Coconut )
* * * A HUGE special thanks goes to Brian W. for sending me these Cheerios Plus flavors for review . I 'll pour another bowl just for you , Brian ! * * *
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Lois Lerner , the former head of the IRS , was forced into early retirement because of this issue . Holly Paz also disappeared off the rolls of the IRS over this issue .
The current head of the IRS is under fire for lying that this issue has been resolved .
Why am I bringing up ancient history about the IRS targeting of conservative groups several years ago ? After all , those issues have been resolved . Right ?
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Not hardly !
This month marks the sixth anniversary of the Albuquerque Tea Party 's application to the IRS for a 501c4 tax exempt status . To date , the IRS has still not responded to that application – even though the current head of the IRS has said that the issue has been resolved . Not so .
To make matters worse , the courts , assuming that the head of the IRS was speaking truthfully , threw out several sections of the lawsuit that the Albuquerque Tea Party and some 40 other conservative groups has outstanding against the IRS .
That decision is under appeal and should be decided by the court this spring .
The normal 501c3 or 501c4 application process involves filling out several pages of IRS documentation , then waiting three to six months for an adjudication by the IRS .
The Albuquerque Tea Party filed their request in December 2009 . Several months later , the IRS demanded more documentation concerning the activities of the Albuquerque Tea Party since that application date . This was done .
Then several months later , the IRS again asked for an update on all activity/all board minutes/all brochures/all newsletters/all correspondence since their last letter to the Albuquerque Tea Party . This was done .
In total , the Albuquerque Tea Party was forced to send the IRS over 1,000 pages of additional documentation .
Then , we waited , and waited , and waited .
Inquiries into our status were dismissed out of hand by the IRS . And today , six years later , we are still awaiting a resolution .
The office of Rep. Steve Pearce was kind enough to talk with the IRS last year concerning this issue and was told that because of our lawsuit against the IRS , they would not disclose any information concerning our status .
Catch 22 : Drop the lawsuit and they might or might not make a decision ; not drop the lawsuit and continue to enjoy our state of limbo !
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Regardless of a person 's political persuasions – whether liberal , conservative or progressive – we should all abhor one who uses the power of government to stifle free speech and to use that same power against political opponents .
That simply is not American .
When President Richard Nixon abused these powers , he was forced out of office – and rightly so . Why has n't the same happened to our current president ?
People will say that no clear link between the IRS and President Barack Obama has been proven . Maybe so , depending on whom you talk to .
Even if that is so , a president who is smart enough to see that the inaction of his IRS to resolve this highly controversial issue , and for a president who has no fear in using his executive powers , it is overwhelmingly clear that he wants this illegal activity of his IRS to remain unresolved .
It is way past time for this issue to be addressed . The IRS needs to give a thumbs up or a thumbs down on our request .
What did North Korea just test and was it an ICBM ?
On Tuesday , July 4 , North Korea launched a ballistic missile into the Sea of Japan . The launch took place at Panghyon Airport in North Pyongan Province at 9:40 am South Korean time , according to the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff .
The missile flew to a range of more than 930 kilometers , according to South Korean military sources . According to the Japanese Ministry of Defense , the observed apogee of the missile “ greatly exceeded ” 2,500 kilometers .
U.S. Pacific Command rated the missile as a “ land-based , intermediate range ballistic missile. ” The United States defines “ intermediate range ” missiles as any missiles with a range of between 3,000 kilometers to 5,500 kilometers . Any missile with a range in excess of 5,500 kilometers is considered an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) by the United States .
Given the observed range and apogee , this missile almost certainly is capable of flight past 5,500 kilometers and can hit most of Alaska . “ The North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) assessed that the missile launch from North Korea did not pose a threat to North America , ” Pacific Command noted in its statement on the launch .
North Korea has two known missiles that fit the description of a “ land-based , intermediate range ballistic missile ” : the Musudan , which has n't been observed in a successful flight test since June 2016 , and the Hwasong-12 ( KN-17 ) .
North Korea 's progress toward an intercontinental ballistic missile has gained speed this year as it has shown off indigenous liquid-fuel engines and progress in reentry vehicle technology , all while loudly signaling its intent to strike the continental United States with a nuclear-capable ICBM . Tuesday 's test was North Korea 's first test of a strategic missile since its flight test of the KN-18 in late May .
The IRBM in question was likely flown at a lofted trajectory , judging by Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga 's reveal of a flight time of 40 minutes . ( U.S. Pacific Command said the flight time was 37 minutes . ) North Korea commonly “ lofts ” its missiles , meaning it fires them at a steep trajectory to avoid overflying Japan and other countries by drastically reducing the range .
Tuesday 's missile additionally became the sixth North Korean ballistic missile to splash down in Japan 's claimed exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) since a Nodong medium-range ballistic missile did so last August . Earlier this year , three extended-range Scud missiles ( ER-Scuds ) and one new Scud-C with maneuverable reentry ( the KN-18 ) landed in Japan 's EEZ .
True to form , U.S. President Donald J. Trump took to Twitter to condemn the test : “ North Korea has just launched another missile . Does this guy have anything better to do with his life ? Hard to believe that South Korea and Japan will put up with this much longer . Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all ! ”
The U.S. president did not clarify what precisely he meant by his suggestion that China carry out a “ heavy move on North Korea . ”
Trump had spoken with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe about North Korea on Sunday evening and his administration has been undertaking a policy of “ maximum pressure and engagement ” to tighten sanctions on Pyongyang .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in , who convened an emergency National Security Council meeting following the test , was in the United States last week for a summit with Trump as well . The two leaders also discussed the North Korean threat .
What Did North Korea Test ?
One independent technical analysis by David Wright of the Union of Concerned Scientists , using the available range and flight time data , found that the missile in question would likely have a flight range of 6,700 kilometers , putting it in the range of what the United States would consider an ICBM .
“ So if the reports are correct , that same missile could reach a maximum range of roughly 6,700 km ( 4,160 miles ) on a standard trajectory , ” writes Wright . Apogee data would allow for a more precise estimate , but Wright 's analysis puts the range well outside the 5,500 km threshold the U.S. government considers the minimum range for an ICBM .
Given the presumed success of this test , North Korea will likely release images of the test on Wednesday morning through its state-run television and Rodong Sinmun newspaper .
One of the primary questions concerning this launch is the type of missile that Pyongyang tested . North Korea introduced its Hwasong-12 ( KN-17 ) IRBM on May 14 , which experienced its first successful flight test after three failures in April . The May test of the Hwasong-12 exhibited an apogee of 2,111.5 kilometers and a range of around 700 kilometers . The Hwasong-12 also showed a flight time of 30 minutes during that test .
Given the longer flight time observed at Tuesday 's test , it is possible that North Korea is testing a modified payload configuration of the Hwasong-12 to stress the reentry vehicle — one of the final components of developing a reliable ICBM that it 's been working hard at for the past year .
One of the challenges of building an ICBM that can survive the high temperatures generated by atmospheric reentry at speeds several times the speed of sound is ensuring that the reentry vehicle ( RV ) can survive and maintain its precision . Testing a Hwasong-12 with a lighter payload configuration would allow for a longer reentry time , permitting for North Korea 's engineers to collect data on reentry under conditions more similar to what an ICBM RV would experience .
An alternative possibility is that North Korea is testing new engine configuration for either the Hwasong-12 or a brand new IRBM altogether . On June 22 , North Korea tested a new liquid-fuel engine that one source told me was likely intended for the upper stage of an ICBM . Pyongyang released no images from that engine test . Perhaps Tuesday 's test was the intended reveal of that engine .
The good news is that we 'll have a much better idea in less than a day when North Korea will likely tell the world what it tested .
Update : This post has been updated to reflect apogee data .
Update 2 : North Korea made a special announcement through its state-run television broadcaster shortly after the launch that it had tested the Hwasong-14 ICBM to a range of 934 km .
PERTH , Australia ( Reuters ) - Zimbabwe 's ambassador to Australia has asked for political asylum just days before her term ends saying she fears for her safety if she goes home , media reported on Saturday .
Jacqueline Zwambila , who is a member of Zimbabwe 's opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , was appointed to Australia to renew ties between the countries after a unity government was formed in Zimbabwe in 2009 .
MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai shared power with veteran leader Robert Mugabe in the unity government until a July 31 election which Mugabe won . The opposition rejected the vote as fraudulent but it was largely endorsed by African observers as free and credible .
“ I am not going to be returning to Zimbabwe , ” Zwambila told Australia 's Fairfax media .
Zwambila said the election had been “ stolen ” by an “ illegitimate ” government and she would not feel safe going home .
Zwambila , who was recalled along with other envoys after Mugabe took office again , has been accused in Zimbabwe of conduct not befitting a diplomat , media in Zimbabwe has reported .
Zwambila has voiced fears of detention if she were to return home , saying she had been threatened with arrest in Zimbabwe after a court found that she owed some money to a tradesman . She denies the charge .
Zwambila was not available for comment on Saturday .
Australia joined the United States and Britain in questioning the credibility of the July election .
A spokesman for Australia 's Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said the government did not confirm or otherwise comment on any individual applications made to it .
The Arkansas legislature just passed a bill called HB 1690 that will enact a freakishly-long moment of silence in the classroom :
A public school in this state shall observe a one ( 1 ) minute period of silence at the beginning of school each school day .
A minute . A full damn minute .
That 's not a “ moment ” of silence . That 's not a “ period ” of silence . That an “ excruciatingly long goddamn minute ” of silence .
Go silent and time yourself for that long . Then imagine 30 students forced to waste classroom time doing nothing , trying to keep their mouths shut during that time . It wo n't happen despite administrators ' and teachers ' best efforts . It 's a joke . And it 's really just a way to push prayer into the public schools . The bill even says as much ( PDF ) :
I received an email from a concerned mother who wrote to her representatives urging them ( ultimately unsuccessfully ) to reconsider their vote for the sake of her daughter :
Last year , when she was a first grader , some of her classmates realized that she does not believe in god . She was harassed on the playground by these children to the extent that she came home crying several times . I finally had to consult with her teacher , twice , to put an end to this destructive and painful situation . … The secular purpose of HB1690 is nonexistent . Obviously , the purpose of the law is to encourage prayer or spiritual reflection while at school . At this point I feel compelled to remind the legislature that , as of 2009 , Arkansas was ranked 50th in the United States in terms of college graduation rates ( Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation Annual Report ) and , as of 2009 , ranked 7th in the nation in terms of church attendance ( Gallup ) . It is pitifully clear that Arkansas students would be better served by a period of learning in their public schools than by a period of silence . Should the legislature pass HB1690 into law , I fear that my daughter would once again be harassed by her classmates , this time for not praying with everyone else . Again , my daughter is a good student , studious and respectful of her teachers . House Bill 1690 will make non-Christian children 's school experience difficult and potentially painful , while doing nothing to improve the education of any student . I implore the legislature to abandon this unconstitutional and pointless endeavor , and concern itself with improving education and the economy for all Arkansas .
Good points . And most , if not all , of them will go ignored by politicians who care more about pushing prayer into schools than making sure kids get a good education .
But here 's the appalling bit .
Rep. John Payton wrote back to the mother .
His email explained the intricate and complex inner workings of the state constitution and why he co-sponsored this awful bit of legislation :
That 's it . That 's the whole response . Bible verses to justify his political decision-making . ( It 's not surprising either , given that his website includes links to the Declaration of Independence , U.S. Bill of Rights , the Arkansas Constitution , and… The King James Bible . )
Not that it matters , but what do those verses say ?
Here 's Romans 1:19-25 :
Because that , when they knew God , they glorified him not as God , neither were thankful ; but became vain in their imaginations , and their foolish heart was darkened… Professing themselves to be wise , they became fools
… the hell ?
And , of course , Psalm 14:1 reads :
The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God . They are corrupt , they have done abominable works , there is none that doeth good .
So allow me to recap : A concerned mother writes to her state representatives urging them not to vote for legislation that will inevitably lead to the bullying of her atheist child… and one of the representatives writes back to say the eight-year-old girl is a fool with a darkened heart for not believing in God .
It 's not just insensitive . It 's a form of bullying from a high-ranking government official . He does n't give a damn what the little girl has to deal with at school because she does n't believe in his imaginary god .
The Arkansas legislature should , at the very least , issue a strong rebuke of his actions . This is unacceptable , intolerable behavior from any politician whose job it is to represent all of the people in his district , not just the Christian ones .
As President Obama appoints an official to edge the closing of the facility , we ask if any real progress is being made .
US President Barack Obama has appointed a Washington lawyer to oversee the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , but is he likely to succeed where others have failed ?
Cliff [ Sloan ] has two challenges : one is obviously to see what can be done to resettle the detainees and to see whether there is an effective rehabilitation programme in place to accept them - but largely his challenge is to work with Congress [ because ] there is stiff resistance to closing Guantanamo . PJ Crowley , former US assistant secretary of state for public affairs The continuing hunger strike by over 100 prisoners at Guantanamo Bay has only served to draw attention to one of the most glaring unkept promises of Obama 's presidency .
Last month , however , the president pledged to lift his self-imposed ban on transferring Guantanamo detainees to Yemen . He also promised to name envoys at both the state department and the Pentagon to expedite the prison 's closure .
The Pentagon position remains unfilled , but Clifford Sloan was just appointed the state department 's envoy .
Sloan , an attorney , has held a number of jobs in government and around Washington DC . He has worked for both Democrats and Republicans and was also an associate counsel to former President Bill Clinton , an assistant to the solicitor general in former president George Bush 's administration , as well as an informal adviser to John Kerry . He is also a partner at a prominent Washington law firm and a former clerk for a Supreme Court justice .
When asked about a timeline for closing Guantanamo , state department spokeswoman , Jennifer Psaki , said there was n't one , but that it is something the US is committed to : `` Clearly , when the president of the United States talks about something in his speech , when we 've taken follow-up steps like appointing this official to work here at the state department , this is something we are committed to . And we will be driving , moving forward . ''
Meanwhile , the hunger strike continues in a prison that was described as `` a medical ethics-free zone '' by a group of American doctors in the New England Journal of Medicine last week .
Enough with this argument with Congress . The president has an inherent authority to transfer individuals and the general public does not understand that he has waiver authority to do it now to transfer individuals that unanimously have been declared not dangerous . Carlos Warner , federal public defender of 11 detainees
And excerpt of that editorial read : `` Physicians at Guantanamo can not permit the military to use them and their medical skills for political purposes and still comply with their ethical obligations . Force-feeding a competent person is not the practice of medicine ; it is aggravated assault .
`` Guantanamo has been described as a 'legal black hole ' . As it increasingly also becomes a medical ethics–free zone , we believe it 's time for the medical profession to take constructive political action to try to heal the damage and ensure that civilian and military physicians follow the same medical ethics principles . ''
It continued : `` Using a physician to assault prisoners no more changes the nature of the act than using physicians to 'monitor ' torture makes torture a medical procedure .
`` Military physicians are no more entitled to betray medical ethics than military lawyers are to betray the Constitution or military chaplains are to betray their religion . ''
To discuss the latest developments around Guantanamo Bay , Inside Story Americas , with presenter Shihab Rattansi is joined by guests : David Remes , the legal director of Appeal for Justice , a human rights and civil liberties litigation firm which represents 18 Guantanamo detainees ; Carlos Warner , a federal public defender who represents 11 Guantanamo prisoners ; and PJ Crowley , who has served as US assistant secretary of state for public affairs between 2009 and 2011 , and is currently a fellow at the George Washington University institute for public diplomacy and global communications .
`` If the United States wants a rehabilitation centre , it could spend $ 50m on it and it could still save money compared to what it costs to house a detainee . I do n't hear of movements of progress on transfers . Plus , the president would have to give Congress 30 days ' notice in advance - so it would be a public thing . '' - David Remes , legal director of Appeal for Justice
Source : Al Jazeera
1.1 ML & Natural Language Processing Weapon System Info : DIA seeks to improve capabilities and methodologies for leveraging Machine Learning techniques combined with other tools like NLP to automatically identify technical terms and names associated with complex descriptions of weapon systems buried in various types of data sources . These data sources may include raw sensor files , unstructured electronic documents , and various types of multimedia files . These files also may come in various formats . Certain file types may require other pre-processing tools like optical character recognition ( OCR ) in addition to NLP . Military systems are inherently complex , and weapon systems are often described in various places using a series of letters and numbers and associated “ nick names. ” Foreign language descriptions , when present , add another layer of complexity . Tools and methods should be able to determine out how to manage dialect and media recognition models associated with weapon systems that are highly unique to the intelligence and military communities . These tools and methods must be able to be applied to and then work with most open source NLP software applications , search tools , and other expert systems . Once organizational expertise has been distilled into knowledge systems that support AI tools , these knowledge systems have to be able to be used to support other AI tools . Once relevant data has been identified , this data will become part of the updated , centralized data model describing the weapon system . Responses to this need can address all or part of this description .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.2 AI & ML Tools , Collection , Research , Monitoring , Automation , Database Development , Data , & Reporting : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to conduct all source collection , research , information monitoring , automated reporting , and database development . DIA seeks tools that streamline and accelerate certain intelligence workflows ; to compress intelligence production timelines ; to integrate multiple data sets and formats ; to identify relationships , connections , correlations , and associations between data ; to process data and discern relevance with respect to a given topic ; to facilitate information sharing ; and to prepare data for anticipatory analysis . These tools must act on large amounts of unstructured data in various formats and potentially accommodate dynamic data flows . AI and machine learning would also support the streamlining and acceleration the more time consuming/intensive tasks of analyzing unstructured information , audio , images/visualizations and video . DIA also seeks to understand industry capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to thematic data management and data transformation in a way that allows a semi-automated approach to the extract-transform-load ( ETL ) burden for collected data . Specific ETL functions include the ability to select , focus , simplify , tag , and transform overtly or covertly collected data into human or machine interpretable form for further analysis or action . Responses to this need can address all or part of this description .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.3 ML Support Workflow Automation : DIA seeks to improve capabilities and methodologies for using machine learning tools to automate intelligence production , planning , and process workflows to reduce the time spent accomplishing these tasks manually .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.4 Tools for Predictive Analysis , Alerting , Indications & Warning ( I & W ) : DIA seeks to improve capabilities and methodologies for applying artificial intelligence , machine learning , and predictive analysis algorithms to I & W within a big data framework . This need will identify semi-automated tools that can conduct analytics of open source data , intelligence sensor data , finished intelligence , financial intelligence , and other forms of intelligence reporting locating trends , create alerts that require attention , and to recommend actions based upon sensor feeds . Solutions will identify modeling techniques , and will analyze and visually display predictive analytics on changes observed in the battlespace and areas of control during peacetime and during conflict . Specific focus areas include technologies that 1 ) can manage the expert input often required to make I & W tools leveraging AI and Machine Learning ; 2 ) will have the capability to “ learn ” from complicated and diverse information flows that are used for I & W ; and then 3 ) will interface with users in a useful way to achieve I & W outcomes ( visualization of data , tasking , exploitation , analysis , alerts , and decision support ) . Responses to this need can address all or part of this description .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.5 Semi-Autonomous Multi-Sensor Fusion Leveraging AI : DIA seeks to improve capabilities and methodologies regarding technology that can leverage AI-enabled sensor processors to manage and fuse multiple sensors of the same or different phenomenology and then to recognize and respond to signature sources by type and to also identify anomalies . The AI enabled sensor network will then predict and respond to recognized threat types and threat activity based upon these sensory feeds . Sensory feeds may incorporate analog and digital feeds from acoustic , seismic , magnetic , density/pressure , electromagnetic , radio frequency , electro-optic/infrared , hyperspectral , and other domain signatures correlated in both space and time .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.6 AI & ML Support to Military Operations : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of fusing Multi-INT sensor data for real-time battlespace awareness and predicative analysis at the strategic , operational , and tactical levels of warfare .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.7 AI & ML Support to Business Operations : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying AI and machine learning to the area of business operations to include acquisition management ; financial analysis ; portfolio prioritization and optimization ; business analytics ; risk management ; resource conservation ; and business decision support . The desired solution would enhance the ability to streamline and gain insight through predictive analysis of business financial operations .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.8 AI & ML Support to Data Science : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of a data science environment . CIO is looking for recommendations to identify capabilities that support and streamline Natural Language Processing ( NLP ) of text and audio data , Recommender Engines , Net Flow Data , and features of the Data Science Environment .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.9 AI & ML Support to Finished Intelligence Products & Knowledge Management : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to scan all finished intelligence products and create from them a body of organized knowledge that people can use to explore topics and concepts . The body of knowledge should return an answer to the user that describes the connections between the data up to the time the user entered the request for information . The solution should return de-duped and de-conflicted data sources to provide analysts a comprehensive end product with accurate sourcing .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.10 AI & ML Support to Open Source Information Gathering : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for using AI and machine learning tools to semi-autonomously collect all forms of open-source information and then updated analytical techniques for data mining and discovery . Solutions should include the ability to combine , compare , and analyze classified and open source material and attempt to cross-verify information obtained from different sources .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.11 ML Support to Management of Tasking from Multiple Sources : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying machine learning technologies to the target area of processing incoming tasking from multiple sources , particularly email . This capability prevents tasking from entering an organization without a formal tasking process and helps ensure that ad hoc requirements are tracked and captured by managers . The solution would leverage machine learning tools read email message flows to discover , track , and route tasks to official tasking channels .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.12 AI & ML Support to Dynamic Threat Analysis : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of dynamic threat analysis modeling . Solutions would identify an automated system that will allow analysts to develop weighted analytical threat models leveraging quantified adversary capabilities ( either using analyst input or by pulling from existing databases ) , doctrine , influence , historical behavior , and stated intent .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.13 AI & ML Support to Assessment of Performance Measures : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of assessing organizational performance measures . Solutions will develop a universal performance measurement capability across the Defense Intelligence Enterprise ( DIE ) to support CCMD and agency priorities .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.14 AI & ML Support to Human Resource Recruiting : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of human resource recruiting . Solutions will be a capability that correlates structured and unstructured data sources to identify , recommend and rank individuals to fill unique billets by leveraging personal biographies , expertise profiles , and available online data .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.15 AI & ML Support to Publication Author Relationships : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of evaluating structured and unstructured data contained within publications to show relationships between authors on a specific topic . Capability should leverage natural language processing to auto tag and build networks based on relationships between authors , coauthors , institutions , topics , and other details .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.16 AI & ML Support to Signature Identification : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of identifying signatures from various sensor sources to aid in exploitation , analysis and production . Signature identification supports Ballistic Missile Technical Collection , Nuclear Monitoring , and MASINT capabilities .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.17 Reserved . AI & ML Support to Records Management : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of front end and back end management of records , business analytics , and visualization .
Current Status : CLOSED
Cutoff Date : To Be Announced
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
1.18 AI & ML Support to Cybersecurity : DIA seeks to improve capabilities for applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to the target area of cybersecurity . Solution would have the ability to dynamically detect anomalies/risks/threats and then to alert defenders . The capability must be able to perform these functions at a greater scale and pace than what is currently accomplished using the traditional collect , process , and analyze methodology .
Current Status : Open/Considering
Cutoff Date : 25 December 2023
Additional Evaluation Criteria : None
Tank at Home
Samadhi 's Tank at Home for personal use
`` In my life , I have always had a deep down feeling that I was not ok , not complete , that I did not accept myself . Just as with my first float , where I dropped my intense shyness , whenever I float , I come out feeling at ease , at peace , and loving . The more I float , the more this feeling fills my life . After floating many years , that feeling of ease and love fills most of my life . '' -Glenn Perry
Distraction Free
Our mentor , Dr. John C. Lilly , taught that to raise consciousness , it is critical to remove distraction . This tank , like all Samadhi Tanks , has no distractions . You float and develop an empty mind , an open heart , an increased ability to function at a higher level . Detach from the current craziness anytime you want , in your own tank .
`` And just this morning , I jumped into the tank and came up with another great idea . Boom . This is something you ca n't put a price tag on . This is experience . This is internal exploration . Mapping consciousness . In the words of Socrates , 'Know thyself . ' '' -Wolf R
Affordability
The most affordable tank on the market - purchase plus operating costs . One distinguishing feature of the Samadhi Tank at Home is our high-quality insulation which conserves energy , significantly lowering your annual kilowatt hours .
Reliability
We have not found any company that makes heaters reliable and high quality enough to meet our standards so we have designed our own incredibly bulletproof heater and control which will last for many , many years of carefree use . The control has an amazing industry-leading accuracy of ( +/- ) 1/3°F for the most distraction free float .
Product Details
Not designed for commercial use
Tank length 95.5 '' Tank width 47.5 '' Space in front to open door 20 '' Length including space to open door 120.5 '' $ 6,379
Options :
Highly recommended : Condensation free option $ 599.00
External filtration system $ 1990.00
Enclosure for External filtration system $ 399.00
Ultraviolet $ 1179.00
Speakers $ 650.00
Shipping and salt not included in pricing
You can now afford to transform the chaos of your world into joy , creativity , ease and peace of mind on a daily basis by having our new Tank at Home .
Tank at Home $ 6,379
Make a deposit :
With questions or to place an order call 530 477 1319 OR
Sign up to stay informed and have access to special deals .
More about unique features of the Samadhi Tank
Shawn Marion plans to retire after this season with the Cleveland Cavaliers , which will mark the end of a 15-year NBA career that was mostly spent as a star with the Phoenix Suns .
`` I wanted to go out on my terms , '' Marion said . `` The biggest thing is having a son . I got attached to him . Seeing him periodically is hard . Watching him grow up on pictures and videos is hard . ''
Marion considered retirement last summer but chose to sign with Cleveland mostly for a chance at a second championship ring and the proximity to his son in Chicago .
Marion was drafted by the Suns in 1999 , when he set a goal to play 15 seasons . The 36-year-old believes he could play another three seasons but being away from his first child , 8-month-old Shawn , has convinced him to retire after this season with the Cavaliers .
It 's not uncommon for scenes to wind up on the cutting-room floor during the editing process , and now Thor : The Dark World star Christopher Eccleston has revealed what we 'll be missing when we check out Marvel 's latest flick this weekend .
Eccleston ( Doctor Who ) , who plays big baddie Malekith , opened up to Crave Online about all of the Dark Elf-related content that did n't make the cut into the final version of the film . Some early reviews have complained that Malekith comes off as a one-note villain , but it sounds like he originally had a boatload of backstory — we just wo n't get to see it .
From Malekith 's lost family to his grudge with Odin 's father , it sounds like there 's some pretty cool stuff that was shed to make room for more Thor and Loki shenanigans . Not that we 're complaining ( we love Tom Hiddleston as much as the next guy ) , but it 's sad to think these scenes might never see the light of day .
Here 's an excerpt from Eccleston 's interview :
“ Well , the first conversation with Alan [ Taylor ] was about how he wanted to avoid ‘ the cackling fiend . ' Alan spoke to me a lot about the Dark Elves ' sense of their own gravitas and aristocracy , and their ancientness . He wanted them to have a sense of entitlement and bearing . He wanted them regal , you know , that they felt that they were the superior beings of the Nine Realms . And of course , as in any film , the script that we shot is not the script that people see . There were various scenes in there , which for whatever reason did n't make the final cut , which shaded in Malekith 's background . So even though the audience do n't hear about it , I 'm hoping that it 's still present in the performance… There was a scene where Malekith was in a certain area of Svartalfheim and remembering his children , his wife and children bathing there , and they had been lost to him . And some of the actions of Odin 's father , Bor , also . There was an extended scene with Anthony Hopkins where they discussed what had caused this ancient grievance between The Dark Elves and themselves . That kind of material . More character-related , yeah . ”
Yeah , that all sounds pretty cool . But considering this is the story of Thor ( and not Malekith ) , it makes sense that these character moments would be the first to go when it came time to tighten up the cut and get the running time down to a reasonable level .
For his part , director Alan Taylor did n't sound too happy about having to slice those scenes . Here 's how he described the editing process :
“ I think it 's always the case with these big movies that that happens , and it 's painful to me because I absolutely love , love , love , love a lot of the stuff that fell by the wayside . Some of it was Malekith . You saw a lot more into the relationship between him and Algrim . You saw a lot more of what was driving him personally . And as I mentioned already there was a lot more with the kids , you saw them explore these fantastical events that were going on . Yeah , that 's excruciating . Whether it 's whole scenes that are dropped or whether it 's beats or lines or moments that fall away in the drive to make it faster , tighter , funnier , quicker , more efficient , so yeah , that 's the excruciating thing . I think if there was a director 's cut it would be that much different . Maybe someday . Maybe someday if I become such a huge success later on in life I can come back and do it . ”
A darker , director 's cut of Thor : The Dark World ? Umm , yes please .
What do you think ? Do you wish some of these scenes had made the cut ?
( Via Crave Online )
1 of 1 2 of 1
LGBT students at UBC have been shaken by a Pride flag found burnt on campus but remain undeterred .
In a conference call , members of the UBC Pride Collective told the Georgia Straight that UBC Equity and Inclusion discovered the burnt remains of the rainbow flag on flagpole today ( February 9 ) and reported the incident to the RCMP . The flag was raised during the opening ceremony of UBC 's OUTweek on February 5 .
According to a statement issued by the university , the flag , on a flagpole located between the old Student Union Building and Brock Hall , was burned sometime during the Family Day weekend . Campus security and UBC RCMP are conducting an investigation .
The statement added that `` UBC condemns this incident as an act of hate and in contravention of the values of equity , inclusion and respect deeply held by the university community . ''
The Pride Collective posted a statement on their Facebook page today expressing their concerns for the safety of students , and also cancelled the Fuck the Cis-tem March scheduled for February 10 . The march was intended to raise awareness of the need for greater safety and accessibility on campus for LGBT students .
`` We 're just worried about repeat incidences or if this is not a one-time occurrence , '' coordinator Rachel Garrett said by phone .
Consequently , coordinator Yulanda Lui said on the line that they are implementing extra safety protocols for the remainder of OUTweek events .
Garrett added that although emotions have been running high , they are in talks to possibly re-raise the flag at some point later in the year .
However , Lui explained that they 're primarily focussing on supporting one another right now . `` It 's been a hard time for a lot of us . ''
All other OUTweek events will carry on as planned , including an art and performance night , a dance , and a closing discussion on February 12 .
Coordinator Elliott Cordingley said that if any UBC students in need of support can access UBC Counselling Services , peer support through the Pride Collective , or even contact Qmunity , B.C . 's queer resource centre , which also offers counselling . The AMS Sexual Assault Support Centre has also offered to help students feeling unsafe or affected .
Cordingley said that they have been encouraged by a show of solidarity from other community and UBC groups .
Lui added that the act serves to reinforce their mission .
`` This is a really difficult time for a lot of us but we see this as a big reason why we do the work that we do and the importance of creating safer spaces for LGBTQ students on campus , and this is just part of the motivation we have . ''
Garrett said that if anyone has any details about the flag burning , they should contact AMS Security , the RCMP , or the Pride Collective at UBC .
Update ( February 10 ) : Mayor Gregor Robertson has requested the Pride flag be flown at Vancouver City Hall in a show of solidarity .
Many of you are already downloading and installing the Windows 10 Technical Preview and test driving the features . However , you might have noticed that the modern version of Internet Explorer is nowhere to be found .
Though , you may use another web browser for your daily internet fix , the modern version of IE is the best experience to browse the net on tablets and other devices with touch , as such if you miss the touch first version of the most popular web browser , you can get it with a little help of a Powershell script .
The script was created by @ adamUCF , you can download it here . Once you download it , change the file extension to .ps1 , right-click and open it with Powershell . Also do n't forget to set IE as your default web browser , for everything to work .
It 's worth noting that this procedure is n't documented or supported by Microsoft , and it 's not the most appropriate way to bring back the modern version of Internet Explorer . However , it works , and you 'll be happy you did , if for example , you are running Windows 10 in your Surface Pro 3 .
SEE ALSO : How to safely test drive Windows 10 Technical Preview
If it works or it does n't , share your experience in the comments .
Update : It seems that you have to run the script every time you want to open the modern version of Internet Explorer 11 , as such keep the .ps1 file close to you , perhaps in the desktop .
Source @ adamUCF
IRVING , Texas -- Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant failed to show up for a scheduled Tuesday hearing to settle a $ 600,000 debt with a jeweler/ticket broker .
Beth Ann Blackwood , the attorney for Colleyville resident Eleow Hunt , filed a motion in Tarrant County court Wednesday afternoon seeking an immediate hearing to settle the debt .
Hunt claims he sold the jewelry and sporting event tickets to Bryant from January 2009 to July 2010 .
Bryant 's attorney , Royce West , said late Thursday afternoon that Bryant `` was sick and could n't make the settlement discussions . ''
Thursday night , West said the two sides met in an attempt to settle their differences .
`` We made substantial progress towards a resolution of our issue , '' he said .
According to court documents , Bryant postponed an Oct. 4 hearing to Oct. 11 , but he failed to arrive for Tuesday 's hearing at West 's office and did n't give a reason .
Bryant had wanted to take care of all court matters on Tuesdays , which is the regular day off for players in the NFL . But because he failed to show up Tuesday , Blackwood 's latest motion asks for the settlement hearing to be held on any day .
Bryant was unavailable for comment . David Wells , Bryant 's adviser , did n't return a call seeking comment .
Calvin Watkins covers the Cowboys for ESPNDallas.com .
Residents and community activists in Boston have united to file a petition to the Justice Department on Monday , hoping to persuade the federal government to launch an investigation into the Boston Police Department .
The petition , which has been signed by more than 250 residents , including some representatives of local civil-rights groups , alleges that Boston police officers have a pattern of using excessive force and a discriminatory policy of stopping and searching mainly young black and Latino men .
The activists ' aim is to bring attention to what they say is a longstanding problem in Boston . Their move comes against the backdrop of nationwide protests that arose after the August 2014 death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Mo. , and have reignited following the recent shooting deaths of Eric Harris in Tulsa , Okla. , Walter Scott in North Charleston , S.C. , and Freddie Gray , who died from severe spinal damage sustained in police custody in Baltimore two weeks ago . ( Six officers have since been charged in Gray 's death . )
“ We 're at this moment where , if we ca n't get change right now , it 's really on us , ” said Jamarhl Crawford , the community activist who wrote the letter , at a recent gathering to discuss policing in Boston . “ Everybody is looking at how to reform police departments across the country . And as organizers we have to take advantage of this . ”
The Boston petition will join one of hundreds of complaints filed each year across the country , from advocacy groups , community members and even sometimes city officials , asking for federal intervention . Representatives from the NAACP , Youth Against Mass Incarceration , the Immigrant Solidarity Network and the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights signed the petition , as well as some family members whose relatives had been killed by Boston police officers .
With limited resources , the civil rights office must make a calculated decision about when and where to intervene . In the past 20 years , the DOJ has opened investigations into 61 law enforcement agencies — only a fraction of the nearly 18,000 nationwide . It has secured agreements mandating comprehensive reforms in about half of those .
Roughly one-third of the DOJ investigations were opened after appeals from civil-rights groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union , according to a FRONTLINE analysis . Others were spurred by civil suits filed against the department alleging misconduct or investigations by local newspapers . Only a few investigations have been sparked by a single incident , such as the August shooting death of Michael Brown .
In addition to launching investigations , the DOJ began working collaboratively with departments in 2011 . Officials had been working with the Baltimore Police Department for months before Freddie Gray was killed .
How the Justice Department polices the police depends a lot on a particular administration 's priorities . Loretta Lynch , the newly confirmed attorney general , has had experience working to persuade police departments to reform as a U.S. attorney . Before her confirmation , Lynch said she would work to rebuild trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve . Now in office , one of her first acts this summer will be to meet with police departments across the country , her aides told The New York Times .
That 's concerned some civil-rights groups , who want Lynch to take a more aggressive approach to investigating police departments like her predecessor Eric Holder . “ It certainly raises my clients ' fears as to what life under Lynch will be like , ” said Foster Maer , a senior litigation counsel at LatinoJustice , a nonprofit group in New York that filed a complaint against the Suffolk County police department .
“ Other Than Fair and Thorough ”
Complaints have piled up about the Boston Police Department for years .
The activists ' letter cites several incidents of brutality in which no officers were disciplined , including a 2010 case in which officers punched and kneed a prone 16-year-old who had escaped from juvenile detention and was apprehended on a local college campus . Video of the incident was posted on YouTube and sparked a rally protesting the police .
It also noted a 2014 ACLU report that raised concerns about the department 's policy on stops and searches , drawing on data compiled by a researcher hired by the Boston Police Department . It found that 63 percent of Boston police stops , searches , interrogations and other encounters were with black residents , even though blacks make up less than a quarter of the city 's population . The reason police listed for 75 percent of those stops : “ Investigate person ” — which is not a constitutional reason for a stop .
When residents file complaints , Boston police do n't always investigate thoroughly , according to a community oversight panel appointed to evaluate Internal Affairs cases . Its most recent annual report found that about 41 percent of the Internal Affairs investigations last year were considered “ other than fair and thorough. ” But it also found that more than half – 55 percent – were evaluated fairly .
Lt. Michael McCarthy , a spokesman for the department , said he had read the letter , but declined to comment further . “ I think people are entitled to send letters to whoever they want to send letters to , ” he said . “ That 's their choice. ” He added that he believed the incidents detailed in the letter had all been “ run through the system . ”
Howard Friedman , a Boston civil-rights attorney , said that despite the concerns raised in the letter , he was n't sure the Boston police merit a Justice Department probe .
“ There are so many places that are so bad — I 'm not sure Boston has reached that stage yet , ” he said . “ Would it help here ? Sure . But it seems in Boston , they do n't go quite as far as other places . They seem to know there 's a line . ”
On his website , Commissioner William Evans , who was appointed to lead the department last year , expressed his commitment to community policing . “ Nothing is more effective to prevent crime and victimization than police officers forging authentic relationships with the residents , youth , non-profits and local business owners in their districts , ” he said .
But a recent meeting of roughly 100 residents in one of Boston 's predominantly black neighborhoods showed just how wide a chasm still exists in the city between the police and the people they patrol . In Roxbury , sirens regularly punctuate the ordinary city bustle . That afternoon , an unmarked car full of white men with backwards ball caps suddenly pulled a U-turn in the middle of a main street , flicked on sirens and sped off .
At the meeting , people rose one by one to protest what they felt was an attitude of dismissiveness and even contempt from police officers . One woman was moved to tears speaking about her son , who had been killed by police . A man said he had been mistreated several times by police officers . Others complained about kids being frisked walking home from school or standing at a bus stop .
For many , signing on to the letter was a way of taking some kind of action against a situation they feel powerless to change .
“ We 've been dealing with this issue for decades , ” said Crawford , the community activist who wrote the letter . “ A letter to the DOJ is obviously not going to solve all the problems of policing . But it 's a step in the right direction towards accountability . ”
Press Play on Phil Pressey
by
As a little kid it 's a natural instinct to dream big as we all want to become great at what we do . World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) Hall of Famer Bret Hart 's motto was “ The Best there is , the Best there was and the Best there ever will be. ” That 's the slogan that every athlete should follow because they all should aim to be the best at their craft . In the NBA that motto is hard to follow ; especially when one is selected in the 2nd round but to be undrafted makes that motto irrelevant but one can use it as motivation .
Former Missouri guard and the son of 11-year NBA veteran , Paul , Phil Pressey was projected as a late to undrafted player in the 2013 NBA Draft by many “ experts ” . He did not have his name called by then NBA Commissioner David Stern or Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver and his dreams of joining a exclusive fraternity was falling from his grasp . Going undrafted must 've hurt the ego of Pressey , because as a little kid he would go the gym with his father who was a assistant coach for the Celtics , along with playing his AAU games in Waltham where the team practices and idolizing Celtics ' legend Paul Pierce . Along with other offspring of NBA players ala Austin Rivers – son of Doc Rivers – and also being scared of the forward .
“ We used to be there shooting before practices and games , ” Austin Rivers said . “ Then he would come up and say , ‘ Y'all got to get off . It 's our turn now . ' We were like , all right . We were scared of him at that point . ”
Pressey recalls watching now 36-year old NBA citizen Paul Pierce play as a youthful child back at the Fleet Center alongside of Antonie Walker .
“ He 's one of my favorite players , ” Pressey said . “ Me being younger , eighth grade , you always were just kind of drawn to whoever were the best players on the team . When him and Antoine Walker were on the same team , that was like my favorite . Because all they did was shoot threes . That was fun to watch . ”
As a basketball player , he knew he had the talent to be one of sixty players drafted into the association but he was n't and despite that he still felt as if he belonged .
“ I was just frustrated because I knew I had a chance to be drafted , ” Pressey said .
Phil Pressey was given a chance by a team he was familiar with in the past as a child which was the Boston Celtics as they signed him to be part of their summer league roster and after a humdrum summer league in which he averaged 9.4 points , 6.6 assists , 2.2 rebounds and a PER of 12.0 , the Boston Celtics decided to sign him to a contract . On July 22 , 2013 the then 22-year old signed a 3-year deal with the Celtics with the first year being guaranteed with him making $ 490,180 . Pressey signing that contract was a great start to his NBA career as All-Star guard Rajon Rondo was still recovering from a Torn ACL and the team needed another ball-handler to be the leader while their “ captain ” was recovering from battle . No one wants to go undrafted and become a free agent but Pressey cherished it becoming one and somewhat suggested it as being a better option than most cases . He believes it behooved him in the long run because he was put in a position in which he was granted a opportunity on a rebuilding team in search of young talent
“ After the 45th pick , it 's almost like you want to go undrafted because you never know what the team is going to do with you when they have your rights , ” Pressey said . “ So unless you 're 100 percent ( sure that ) the team is going to keep you , you might want to go undrafted so that you do n't end up overseas or getting sent to the D-League…….Do I want to hear my name called and go to a team that will probably send you overseas or cut you ? Or just wait and go undrafted , and go to a team that really wants you . ”
Pressey had a feeling the Boston Celtics were a good fit for him to make a name for himself in the league due to the direction to team was heading in the era of Rajon Rondo after the departure of Paul Pierce , Kevin Garnett and Doc Rivers .
“ I kind of knew that was probably going to be the place for me , my best shot to make it in the NBA , ” Pressey said . “ A lot of guys want to get drafted and hear their name called . But after the first 35 picks or so , you do n't want to get drafted . Because they have your rights and they can just send you overseas . That was probably the best thing I did in my life , because going undrafted was the best thing that ever happened to me . ”
As a rookie , Pressey came off the bench for the most part and in certain junctures of time he showed the fans and organization that he could be part of the Celtics immediate future . First year coach Brad Stevens trusted Pressey with the key to the car and allowed him to drive for awhile until Rondo came back and he needed to take a backseat but even so , Rondo would receive nights off due to rest and Pressey would be inserted into the starting lineup .
“ There 's so much you can learn from ( Rondo ) from a talent aspect , ” Pressey said . “ But the most I 've learned from him is his leadership on the court – how he manages the game offensively and defensively . It 's like when he 's on the court , everything 's where it needs to be . Guys are in their spots . Guys are competing at a high level . Just , his leadership is unmatchable out there . ”
“ Phil 's case , it worked out perfectly , ” former teammate and current D-League front office official Jarrett Sutton said . “ I think the Celtics were always interested in him and knew he would be there if he did n't get drafted . It 's worked out for him . He 's kind of a rare case . ”
His rookie season was filled with great highlights and his play should n't be taken for granted as he showed he deserves to be in the exclusive of about 400 and is a reliable backup Point Guard . In a catastrophic season for the 17-time NBA champions , the now 23-year old guard averaged 2.8 points , 3.2 assists and 1.4 rebounds . Pressey is watching his dream of being a pro unravel in front of his eyes and taking this opportunity and running like Usain Bolt with it .
“ I think when I 've had the opportunity to play , I 've done the best I can , ” said Pressey , whose work ethic has been praised by Stevens and teammates throughout the season . “ I went out there playing my hardest . There 's not much more I can do . My rookie year is going well so far . I mean , I wish we won a lot more . But I feel like for me personally , it 's gone up and down . But overall it 's pretty good . ”
“ I 've been dreaming since I was a little kid to start in an NBA game , ” Pressey said . “ and I 've had great assists games , and I 've scored my career high . I 'm just trying to learn as much as I can this season so I can come back next year even better . ”
Over the course of the NBA season , Pressey has soaked up knowledge about the parameters of the NBA and learned why veteran players say NBA stands for “ No . Boys . Allowed. ” Pressey is ready for next season after what he learned in a tumultuous season . Phil Pressey has become a local favorite in Boston with his play on the court and with him having a past in Boston . He has become a cache of youthful prospects Danny Ainge has assembled in white and green , and has a solid rookie season in a wasted season . Pressey wo n't become a All-Star but has proved he can play in this level when needed as he is ready for any situation he 's out in .
“ Make sure you 're ready , ” Pressey said . “ You need to look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself if you 're ready . Do n't just leave because it 's the NBA . I mean , the NBA takes no type of sympathy . If you 're not ready , they 're going to let you know it , and they 're going to send you elsewhere . ”
Twitter : @ NBAFLASHNEWS
Facebook : NBA Flash News
— Clevis Murray
Advertisements
The wonderful wildness of fresh ramps…
Ramps are one of spring 's most wonderful rewards—indeed , these wild leeks are some of the first shoots to poke out of the ground after winter 's thaw . The whimsical little vegetables resemble scallions , but with wide , flat leaves…their flavor , however , does n't resemble that of any other member of the onion family . Ramps can best be described as a cross between green onions and garlic , but there 's a wildness to them that 's hard to pin down .
Here the wild leeks find their way into a soufflé omelet that 's as airy as a cloud and incredibly moist . The Robiola cheese that dots the omelet melts very quickly and melds perfectly with the frothy eggs and the pungent ramps .
Serve this deliciously fluffy omelette for almost any occasion !
This omelet is incredibly festive and is perfect for brunch . But I also love to serve it for a light weekday dinner , along with a green salad and these roasted baby red potatoes with lemon and bay leaves .
You can find ramps at your local farmers ' market or online at Melissa 's Produce .
You might also enjoy this recipe
Ramp pesto
Food & wine pairing : Sparkling rosé with Robiola and ramp soufflé omelet This exotic omelet is marvelous with a sparkling rosé . The aromatic sparkler pairs well with the flavors of our dish , and makes the occasion a tad more festive .
Never miss a recipe ... Join my mailing list !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You do n't need to have seen the movie to know the scene we 're talking about -- it was in every single ad and trailer . The army of evil Persian King Xerxes is on their way to invade . King X sends a messenger ahead to Sparta to demand surrender . When Leonidas refuses , the messenger says , `` This is madness , '' and Leonidas replies by power kicking the messenger into a well while shouting ...
This hangs next to the `` Warning : Frequent Slow Motion '' signs in Sparta .
That scene actually happened , in the sense that the Spartan and a Persian messenger had a meeting by a well . Of course , the real messenger was not there to set Leonidas up for a killer one liner . He was there on business , and got down to brass tacks by specifying that Xerxes wanted Sparta to `` give us your earth and water . '' Having to think on his feet in the face of the messenger 's weirdly specific demand , the real Spartan invited the Persians to `` dig it out for themselves '' while ... well , power kicking him into the well . They got that part right . So not only was the real line just as badass , it used verbal Judo to make it look like the messenger had asked permission to be kicked into the well . It was the ancient equivalent of the old bully standby -- `` Want a Hertz Donut ? '' PUNCH `` Hurts , do n't it ? '' -- a tactic which we 'd imagine is twice as demoralizing when it 's being used to kick you to your death .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Aftermath :
The historian Herodotus speculated that the horrible war that followed under Xerxes was a consequence of what the Greeks did to his father 's heralds , but we 're sure the Spartans would agree that it was totally worth it ( especially because it inspired so many more zingers ) .
Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , told CNN on Monday morning that the US was in a `` narrative fight '' with ISIS .
Earnest appeared on the network as authorities in New York and New Jersey investigated bombs found throughout the area over the weekend , including one that injured 29 people when it exploded on Saturday night in Manhattan 's Chelsea neighborhood .
Authorities on Monday morning seemed to be changing their initial assessment that the bombs were n't connected to one another and did not appear to be related to international terrorism .
`` What I can tell you is that we are , when it comes to ISIL , we are in a fight , a narrative fight with them , a narrative battle , '' Earnest said , using an alternate name for the terrorist group , which is also known as the Islamic State or Daesh . `` And what ISIL wants to do is they want to project that they are an organization that is representing Islam in a fight , in a war against the West and a war against the United States . ''
Earnest continued : `` That is a bankrupt , false narrative . It is a mythology . And we have made progress in debunking that mythology . ''
Donald Trump 's presidential campaign immediately seized on Earnest 's comments to criticize the Obama administration .
`` When the White House says we are in a 'narrative fight ' against ISIS just days after a series of apparent terror attacks on US soil we should all be very concerned , '' Jason Miller , the communications director for Trump , said in a statement . `` For the US troops in Iraq and Syria who are on the frontlines against ISIS , it 's a real fight where we 've lost real lives . ''
Miller added : `` Diminishing the threat the Obama administration has allowed to materialize on its watch puts us all at risk and is another reminder that we need new leadership in the fight against radical Islamic terrorism . Hillary Clinton has backed President Obama 's failed ISIS strategy to the hilt , and voters should know whether she too shares the White House 's troubling assessment of the situation . ''
ISIS propaganda often pushes the idea of a final battle between the West and soldiers of Islam , and experts say ISIS seeks to provoke the West into a war with it .
Mitch McConnell 's biggest nightmare .
Mitch McConnell 's biggest nightmare .
Sens . Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) and Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) are spearheading the effort to build a “ grassroots army ” to influence GOP leadership after entreaties to their colleagues fell short . So far , only 13 Senate Republicans have signed onto a plan to block any stopgap spending measure funding the government beyond Sept. 30 unless it cuts funding for the healthcare law . Supporters of the push are taking their message directly to the Republican base this month . They are promoting an online petition , http : //www.dontfundobamacare.com , that has already gathered 217,578 signatures .
Reality ? Sens . Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) and Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) want none of it Guess where Cruz is heading next to tout his big fight ? Yep , Iowa . Because for Cruz and Rubio , this is n't about Obamacare . It 's about the 2016 primaries , which makes the rivals curious allies against Mitch McConnell . And for him , it 's all about 2014 , as they very well know . The key to making their harebrained scheme to shutting down government is getting Kentucky to scare the shit out of McConnell and force him to go along with it .
All of which leaves the Republicans who have to think about their own hides , and what a government shutdown will to do their careers in the near future . And that makes Republicans like Rep. Frank Wolf ( the ones who lived through Newt Gingrich 's shutdown rodeo ) desperate to convince the rabid base Cruz and Rubio are frothing up that they 're just falling into Obama 's trap . See , he wants to make Republicans shutdown government so that he can `` stick it '' to them and blame the whole catastrophe on them . It 's the `` Ma , he 's making us hit ourselves ! '' theory of governance . Which makes Ted Cruz Obama 's stooge .
Get out the popcorn . It 's going to be an entertaining August .
LIBERTY CITY , Fla. ( CBSMiami ) – Police said “ Suave ” , a Miami pimp , allegedly forced a 13-year-old runaway to tattoo his street name on her eyelids .
The pimp , who has a lengthy rap sheet , allegedly forced the girl to a Liberty City flea market tattoo shop to get the ink done after she threatened to leave him , CBS4 news partner The Miami Herald reports .
The vicious twist to a human trafficking case surfaced this month when Miami police arrested Roman Thomas III , 26 , who was already on probation after serving four years in state prison for having sex with a minor .
Thomas was wearing a state corrections GPS monitor when Miami police arrested him on March 18 .
The girl , dubbed “ Sparkle , ” was pimped through the classified advertising website Backpage.com , police say . Thomas and a woman plied the girl with liquor , marijuana and the drug Molly as she had sex with men at the Miami Shores Motel .
“ It 's outrageous that this girl would be branded for life at such an early age , on of all places her eyelids , ” said Miami Lt. Jose Alfonso , who investigated the case as part of the State Attorney 's Human Trafficking Unit .
Thomas will be formally charged in the new case on April 13 . Another woman , Shanteria Sanders , 23 , who also has “ Suave ” tattooed across her chest , also was charged in the case . Both Thomas and Sanders face charges of human trafficking , false imprisonment , lewd and lascivious exhibition and delivery of a controlled substance to a child .
Thomas , 26 , has a long criminal history . In 2008 , he was charged with attempted murder and other felonies . He wound up pleading guilty to the felony battery and four counts of lewd and lascivious battery on a child between the ages of 12 and 16 .
After his four-year prison sentence was done , Thomas was released in September , and placed on five years probation with the ankle monitor .
As recently as March 1 , state probation officers inspected his GPS monitor and device , with no problems . But on March 10 , probation officers received a “ bracelet gone ” notice from the device and officers notified the court .
Two days later , according to Miami police , Thomas met the 13-year-old girl at the USA Flea Market , 3015 NW 79th St. A day later , he saw her again and convinced the girl to go with him to the Miami Shores Motel , 10500 Biscayne Blvd. , where he was now living .
Thomas and Sanders “ compelled and coerced ” the girl to become a prostitute . They took “ provocative ” photos of the girl and put them on Backpage.com , billing her as a “ new girl . ”
The free classifieds website has popped up in court papers and arrest affidavits across the country as a bulletin board for men to traffick children , including some recent cases involving Florida foster children in the Homestead and Jacksonville areas .
Police say Thomas and Sanders gave the girl condoms , coached her how to talk to johns and began bringing in clients who paid up to $ 100 an hour .
After each encounter , Thomas and Sanders immediately came into the room and counted the money . Once , they duct taped her and “ threatened to kill her ” after an argument over missing cash , according to an arrest report .
When she threatened to leave , they took her back to the Flea Market . On the right eyelid : “ Suave , ” Thomas ' street name . On the left , “ House , ” suggesting she belonged to his flock .
The girl also told investigators that the duo gave her liquor , marijuana and “ Mollies , ” a form of the amphetamine MDM .
The girl had run away from a tumultuous home life , police said . Her mother , fearing she was being pimped , tracked her down and found her with Thomas . The teen 's mother later called Miami police . The teen now is receiving therapy and health services through Project Gold , a program of Miami 's Kristi House , a nonprofit that assists abuse victims .
Investigators say they believe there are other young victims out there and have established a hotline . Anyone with information may call the Miami-Dade State Attorney 's Human Trafficking Hotline at 305-350-5567 .
( TM and © 2013 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and © 2013 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . CBS4 news partner The Miami Herald contributed to this report . )
UPDATES ON FLORIDA MARRIAGE RULINGS !
MOST RECENT NEWS : [ 1/1/2015 ] Judge Hinkle confirmed his marriage ruling - clarifying that clerks in ALL Florida counties are bound by the U.S. Constitution to start issuing marriage licenses starting on January 6 . Read the order here : http : //bit.ly/1xjQd9A
NATIONWIDE : U.S. SUPREME COURT
12/23/2014 - On January 9 , the United States Supreme Court will consider petitions on the freedom to marry from 5 marriage states - Tennessee , Louisiana , Ohio , Michigan , and Kentucky - who are seeking certiorari this term . After the conference , the Supreme Court will announce if it has agreed to hear oral arguments and likely offer a judgement . Read more here : http : //bit.ly/1AfTeZH
10/6/2014 - This morning the Court issued additional orders from its September 29 Conference . Most notably , the Court denied review of all seven of the petitions arising from challenges to state bans on same-sex marriage . This means that the lower-court decisions striking down bans in Indiana , Wisconsin , Utah , Oklahoma , and Virginia should go into effect shortly , clearing the way for same-sex marriages in those states and any other state with similar bans in those circuits .
CASE : STATEWIDE - Brenner v. Scott
1/1/2015 - Judge Hinkle confirmed his marriage ruling - clarifying that clerks in ALL Florida counties are bound by the U.S. Constitution to start issuing marriage licenses starting on January 6 . Read the order here : http : //bit.ly/1xjQd9A
12/29/2014 - Secretary of the Florida Department of Management Services 's Responds to Clerk 's Motion to Clarify Judge Hinkle 's Ruling . Read the statement here : http : //bit.ly/1EF2bzG
12/29/2014 - Grimsley Plaintiffs ' file a response to Clerk 's motion for clarification on issuing marriage licenses . Read the statement here : http : //bit.ly/1zNTkJ9
12/29/2014 - Brenner Plaintiffs ' file a response to Clerk 's motion for clarification on issuing marriage licenses . Read the statement here : http : //bit.ly/1CRwi5g
12/24/2014 - Judge Hinkle asks both parties involved in the federal marriage case to state their positions on the issuing of marriage licenses by clerks . The deadline to submit was midnight December 29th . Read more here : http : //bit.ly/1zrZPMB
12/22/2014 - In more than 25 unique amicus briefs that have been or will be submitted week to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit , scores of first responders , law enforcement officials , states , cities , faith leaders and businesses urge the court to end Florida 's ban on marriage for same-sex couples . See the briefs here : http : //bit.ly/1t7kIjw
12/19/2014 - The U.S. Supreme Court denied the State of Florida 's request to extend the stay on Federal Judge Hinkle 's marriage ruling ! Read the order here : http : //www.eqfl.org/SCOTUSmarriage
12/15/2014 - The State of Florida asks the U.S. Supreme Court to extend the stay on Judge Hinkle 's ruling . Read the request here : http : //www.eqfl.org/marriagenews3
12/3/2014 - The 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals denied a request by the State of Florida to extend the stay on Federal Judge Hinkle 's marriage ruling . The stay is set to expire end of day January 5th , meaning marriage is coming to Florida January 6 , 2015 ! Read the order here : http : //www.eqfl.org/marriagevictory
10/24/2014 - The State of Florida files a motion requesting an extension on Judge Hinkle 's stay . To read the motion , click here .
10/9/2014 - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit has granted the Governor Scott 's and Attorney General Bondi 's motion to extend the deadline of the appellant briefs until AFTER Election Day . Deadline is now November 14 . To read the court 's order , click here .
10/7/2014 - The ACLU files a motion to immediately lift Judge Hinkle 's stay . Click here to read the motion .
9/4/2014 - Three defendents in the case filed an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit . To read the motion , click here .
8/28/2014 - The 3rd District Court of Appeal just granted our request to combine the Monroe and Miami-Dade marriage cases as they move to a higher court - And has denied Attorney General Bondi 's attempt to stall the progress of marriage cases until the U.S. Supreme Court rules on the freedom to marry .
8/21/2014 - To read Judge Hinkle 's marriage ruling , click here .
8/21/2014 - Moments ago , U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle ruled that Florida 's discriminatory state ban excluding same-sex couples from the freedom to marry is unconstitutional . The ruling has already been stayed , meaning that any decision wo n't go into effect immediately . Read more !
CASE : KEY WEST - Huntsman v. Heavilin
RULING : On July 17 , 2014 Judge Garcia found Florida 's ban on marriage to be unconstitutional . This applies to the Clerk in Monroe County . Marriage licenses can be given out in Monroe County but not until July 22nd . You do not need to be a resident of Monroe County to get a license .
This ruling does not affect same-sex out-of-state marriages . They are still unrecognized by the state .
However we do not know at this time , if the state will recognize Monroe County licenses outside of Monroe County .
Does this ruling mean same-sex couples can now get married anywhere in Florida ?
Unfortunately , no . Although Judge Garcia ruled that beginning on Tuesday , July 22nd , same-sex couples could travel from anywhere to Monroe County and receive a marriage license , because Attorney General Pam Bondi has appealed the ruling it is automatically stayed until it is heard by the 3rd District Court of Appeals . This means marriages are on hold pending appeal . On a positive note , because the case has been appealed to a district court , the final ruling in this case will now be binding statewide .
How soon will the appeals court rule ?
It is very difficult to predict how quickly an appeal will be decided , but the next ruling in this case is likely several months away .
Does this decision impact same-sex marriages performed in other states or jurisdictions ?
No . Judge Garcia ruled that because no plaintiffs in this case had been married elsewhere , couples married elsewhere did not have standing . A ruling is expected soon in a federal case seeking to have same-sex marriages performed in other states recognized in Florida .
UPDATES :
7/24/2014 - Equality Florida Institute and same-sex couples delivered 7,000 petitions to Attorney General Pam Bondi urging her to drop the appeal of the historic marriage ruling .
7/23/2014 - Order to Lift Stay by the 3rd District Court of Appeal - DENIED
7/23/214 - Motion to Vacate Stay to the Disctrict Circuit Court of Appeals
7/21/214 - Order to Emergency Lift Stay - DENIED
7/21/214 - MOTION TO LIFT STAY filed Monroe County Court
7/17/2014 - AG Bondi just filed an Appeal which automatically results in a stay of the decision . No marriages just yet .
CASE : MIAMI-DADE Pareto v Ruvin
RULING : On July 25 , 2014 Judge Zabel has found Florida 's ban on marriage to be unconstitutional . There is an immediate stay on the ruling , which means no marriage licenses will be given out just yet .
Read our statement on the ruling by clicking here .
LINKS :
UPDATES :
12/29/2014 - Judge Zabel set a hearing for Monday , January 5th to discuss lifting her stay on the Miami-Dade marriage case . Read more here : http : //bit.ly/1D47ape
10/13/2014 - Attorney General Pam Bondi filed a Supplemental Response in Support of Pass-Through Certification , asking the Third District Court of Appeal to “ pass through ” jurisdiction and allow two same-sex marriage cases to be heard by the Florida Supreme Court . Click here to read the motion .
7/25/2014 - Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi filed an appeal to the Miami-Dade County marriage decision .
7/25/2014 - Miami-Dade County Judge Zabel 's ruling on the marriage case .
CASE : PALM BEACH - In Re Bangor Estate
8/5/2014 - Palm Beach County Circuit Court Judge Diana Lewis rules that Florida 's ban on marriage for same-sex couples is unconstitutional . The ruling is limited to the facts of this case - meaning it only applies to this plaintiff or for these specific circumstances . No order for clerks to issue licenses . No stay issued . To read the order , click here .
CASE : BROWARD - Brassner v. Lade
12/17/2014 - Broward Circuit Judge Dale Cohen has granted a divorce between Heather Brassner and Megan Lade , who were united in a 2002 Civil Union in Vermont , making them the second same-sex couple to be recognized as legally married by the State of Florida . Read more here : http : //www.eqfl.org/marriagenews4
12/8/2014 - Broward Circuit Judge Dale Cohen ruled Florida 's ban on marriage for same-sex couples is unconstitutional ... again ! There is no stay in place , but we are waiting for the Final Judgment of Dissolution by the Judge . Read Judge Cohen 's order here .
10/22/2014 - Attorney General Pam Bondi filed a Memorandum of Law in Opposition . The memorandum claims the Judge should not grant Heather Brassner a divorce . To read the memorandum , click here .
9/12/2014 - Attorney General Pam Bondi has filed a motion to intervene in the Broward County marriage case with Judge Cohen to defend Florida 's ban on marriage . To read the motion , click here .
8/4/2014 - Broward County Judge 's Marriage Ruling/Opinion - click here .
8/4/2014 - Broward Circuit Judge Dale Cohen struck down Florida 's marriage ban in Broward County and ruled the state must recognize legal out-of-state marriages . This marks the third time in the past few weeks that a Republican-appointed judge in Florida has ruled on the side of marriage equality . The judge issued an immediate stay on the ruling pending appeal by the state . To read more , click here .
We expect to hear a ruling Monday , August 4 on the case of lesbian , Heather Brassner who is legally stuck in a 2002 Vermont civil union because Florida is constitutionally banned from recognizing the women 's relationship , and therefore wo n't grant her a divorce . Learn more about this case .
Before she became a staff photographer at The New York Times , Michelle Agins was an intern at The Chicago Daily News , where John H. White was already making his mark on the city 's photographic scene . He looked out for her and gave her advice and encouragement , even after he went to The Chicago Sun-Times and she to New York .
Soon after he and the rest of The Sun-Times 's photo staff were fired late last month , Ms. Agins went to Chicago for her godson 's graduation . While there , she visited Mr. White at his home . Their conversation has been edited into a first-person narrative .
While everybody else was stunned and upset that The Chicago Sun-Times had fired its entire photography staff , I could n't stop thinking of one man . They did that to John White ? The Chairman of the Board ? That 's like the Bulls getting rid of Michael Jordan .
For a hot minute , my South Side Chicago roots took over — I was ready to roll down .
M. Spencer Green/Associated Press
John was the photographer I looked up to when I was an intern at The Chicago Daily News , where he was working in the early 1970s . My godfather , John Tweedle , told me to look him up . John looked out for me , encouraged me and nudged my career . I watched him on the streets , in the darkroom and even stood by his side as he carefully put together the portfolio that won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1982 .
When I visited him , he was not letting the firing change how he felt about himself , or his fellow photographers , one bit .
“ A job 's not a job because of labor law , ” he said . “ It 's just something you love . It 's something you do because it gives you a mission , a life , a purpose , and you do it for the service of others . ”
All he had wanted to hear from the executives who let him go was two words that never came : thank you . But even then , he did not respond with anger .
“ I light candles , I do n't curse the darkness , ” he said . “ Even now , my colleagues are cursing the darkness . I 'm lighting the candles . And I give wings to dreams , I ai n't breaking no wings . I 'm not clipping any wings . Make a difference in the world . One light . One day . One image . ”
John taught me how to fly .
I had been taking pictures since high school , but when I got to The Daily News , I was a copy-girl intern . But I also tried to copy John the minute I saw him walk through the newsroom after an assignment . I would sneak away and go back toward the darkroom — his chapel away from church — and watch him unload his cameras and ask him about his day .
I even tried to walk like he walked . I had seen a lot of photographers on assignment , but to find John White , you had to look in the shadows . He was never where you could see him . He was always where he could be , like he was hovering over in a corner . Like he could see everything in a room . He had this look . He kept his camera low-key . And all of a sudden , he 'd pick it up and find the real subject . The one you had n't seen before .
He did n't do this for prizes , though he won a lot of them . He did it for “ consistent excellence. ” And for as long as he had been taking pictures , it never got boring or predictable .
“ I 've got the same set of eyes , nothing 's changed , ” he said . “ Every day , a baby is born . Every day , someone dies . Every single day . And we capture everything in between . You think of this thing called life and how it 's preserved . It 's preserved through vision , through photographs . ”
John H. White
You 've probably figured out by now that John thought about bigger things . He was a religious man , born on a Sunday into a family of preachers in North Carolina . When he tells one and all to “ keep in flight , ” it 's as much spiritual advice as it is professional . He takes that advice himself , even after the slight of seeing one of his pictures published in his old paper with only “ Sun-Times Library ” as the credit line .
“ I ca n't get caught up in those things , ” he said . “ You got to look at the big picture , because I know the true photo editor . ”
Like a good storyteller — or a preacher — he taught with examples from his life , often talking about moments with his father in North Carolina . He remembered one night walking through a wooded patch with his father , who reached out and grabbed a firefly .
“ Look at my hand , ” his father said as he gently squeezed the insect . “ And look what he 's doing . He 's making a light . He ca n't contain his light . God gives us light and we ca n't contain this light . Be like the lightning bug . Do n't let anyone contain your light . ”
I was still an intern when , despite protests from some of the other staff photographers , I was sent out to cover how children were dealing with a teachers strike . I went out to Cabrini-Green , passed by a dentist 's office and saw a boy sitting in the chair . I went in and asked if I could photograph the dentist , and he agreed .
Nothing much was happening .
I thought it was going to be a boring picture . All of a sudden , the dentist yanked a tooth from the kid 's mouth . He did n't tell me he was going to do this . The kid 's eyes crossed and his mouth was open . The paper ran it with “ He 'd Rather Be in School ” as the caption . That shot helped the other photographers accept me .
“ Everybody remembers that picture , a billion-dollar picture , ” John said . “ People realized then that she 's doing what we did , she 's spreading her wings and trying to fly , and you know , it 's like you were that lightning bug . You did n't let them contain you and keep you down . ”
I swear I did n't even know what the Pulitzer was when I watched him assemble the portfolio that would earn him journalism 's highest prize . I stood beside him in the darkroom as he printed ( with a towel slung over his left shoulder ) . I watched him put paper , make careful measurements and lay out a story . He showed me how to tell a story .
Years later , John and I both covered Pope John Paul II 's Mass in Central Park . I showed off my computer and my new digital camera . I was proud of where he had helped me get . But not as proud as he was .
“ It 's like your child , ” he told me . “ And they got a touchdown . You know what I mean ? And it was n't a Hail Mary touchdown , you know what I mean ? It was from one end of the line to the other . You know ? It required a lot , but you got the touchdown . This is the journey . You go through storms , rain and hurricanes , and forces of evil . You know . But you 're keepin ' the fight . ”
John , I was just doing what you taught me : staying in flight and sharing the light .
Michelle Agins/The New York Times
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
By GottaLaff
h o m o s
G
a
y
abort
Shriiieeeeek ! They 're coming to get us ! The evil cross-dressingwill eat your kids ! No worse ! Tehporn stars willthem ! And then they 'll force straight couples into instant and brutal divorce ! And that 's AFTER they join the military by not telling after nobody asks ! Gak ! Via Shannyn Moore , who reveals who these `` not so Jesus Christians '' are :
Gay rights ordinance is bad
Here are just some of the reasons I am against the homosexual ordinance .
It would allow any man to dress like a woman and use any public women 's restroom . Ladies , do you want that to happen ? If not then you should contact the Anchorage Assembly and show up at the June 9 public hearing .
A man in a highly visible sales job could come to work dressed like a woman .
A person of either sex who indulges a taste for extreme sexual promiscuity and pornography during working hours could not be stopped or fired even though it damages the company 's image .
Maybe , worst of all , this ordinance would allow a man who teaches a second grade class or any grade to show up as a woman in the classroom and the School District could do nothing because of this ordinance .
This is a poorly written ordinance . For more of my explanation can be found at www.SOSanchorage.org
– Dr. Jerry Prevo
pastor , Anchorage Baptist Temple
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu claims that Iran is after the physical destruction of Israel and wants to create a new Holocaust . This is a false claim . The meaning of the statements by Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is that the Islamic Republic seeks a referendum in which all the Palestinians , as well as Jews and Christians of the historical Palestine , would participate , and through which the `` government '' of Israel would be de-established .
The reality is that Iran does not present an existential threat to the people of Israel . It is , in fact , Israel that is a serious threat to Iran .
Former Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak , anticipated the extent of a retaliatory response by Iran to an Israeli strike on its nuclear facilities to be limited to an estimated `` 500 death '' . `` I do n't think the result would be a world war or even a regional war , '' Yuval Steinitz , Israeli Minister of International Relations and Minister of Strategic Affairs , said on June 23 . `` I think Iran 's possibilities to retaliate are very limited . It 's also not in their interest to start a drawn-out war with the US . After all , their relations in the region are rather sensitive . I suppose there would be a response of two or three days of missile fire , perhaps even on Israel , on American bases in the Gulf . But I do n't think it would be more than that - very limited damage . ''
The message is twofold : Israel is contemplating a military strike on Iran and it is , therefore , Israel , not Iran that is a menace to the security of a sovereign nation . Moreover , in the event of a military strike , Iran would be unable to present a serious threat to the security and the existence of Israel .
Diversionary tactic
The very nature of the negotiation process is threatening to Israel because it will expose its attempts to instil `` Iranophobia '' in the world : A quest for an excuse to divert attention from its apartheid regime that treats millions of Palestinians in the most inhumane and discriminatory manner . As put by Jimmy Carter in Palestine : Peace not Apartheid , `` Israel 's continued control and colonisation of Palestinian land have been the primary obstacle to a comprehensive peace agreement in the Middle East . '' General James Mattis , who commanded US forces in the Middle East until March , also said that expanding the settlements would turn Israel into an apartheid state .
When the last round of negotiations were held in Geneva in early November , Netanyahu , while admitting his role in sabotaging efforts to reach a nuclear accord with Iran , pledged to mount an all-out Israeli effort to prevent what he called a `` bad agreement '' between Iran and the P5+1 .
Who is the warmonger ?
In the past 275 years , Iran has never initiated an attack on any country . In its little more than 60 years in existence , Israel , on the other hand , has not only illegally occupied Palestinian lands , as well as the Golan Heights that belong to Syria , it has also attacked and bombed other Arab countries in the region , such as Tunisia , Syria , Iraq and Lebanon . Over the last year alone , Israel has bombed Syria six times .
Israeli officials expressed frustration with the Obama administration for confirming the latest airstrikes by calling the confirmation `` scandalous '' and `` unthinkable '' .
Key terms of the deal What Iran must do Halt enrichment above five per cent . Dismantle technical connections required to enrich above five per cent . Not install additional centrifuges of any type . Not install or use any next-generation centrifuges to enrich uranium . Not construct additional enrichment facilities . Not commission or fuel Arak reactor . Provide daily access to IAEA inspectors at Natanz and Fordow sites . Provide IAEA access to centrifuge assembly , production and storage facilities . Provide design information for Arak reactor . What world powers offer in return Not impose new nuclear-related sanctions for six months Suspend some sanctions on gold and precious metals , cars and petrochemical exports , potentially providing Iran approximately $ 1.5 billion . Allow purchases of Iranian oil at their current levels . License safety-related repairs and inspections inside Iran for certain Iranian airlines . Allow $ 400m in governmental tuition assistance to be transferred from restricted funds directly to educational institutions in third countries to defray the tuition costs of Iranian students .
Israel 's legendary former Defence Minister Moshe Dayan once said , `` Israel must be like a mad dog , too dangerous to bother . '' Netanyahu is now fabricating a new story , this time against Iran . He angrily warns that Iran would be getting `` the deal of the century '' . `` The Iranians are walking around very satisfied in Geneva - as well they should be , because they got everything and paid nothing , '' said Netanyahu on November 8 . `` Israel is not obliged by this agreement and Israel will do everything it needs to do to defend itself and the security of its people . ''
What is the reason behind such brazen lies ?
`` I can understand why Netanyahu is so furious , '' said Giora Eiland , a former Israeli National Security Adviser . `` A unilateral military option would have no real chance now . Not because we ca n't do it , but because it would be seen as moving against the whole international community , '' he told Reuters . `` That is something Israel can not afford . ''
`` Netanyahu 's worst nightmare is about to come true , '' said Ehud Yaari , an Israel-based fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . `` This is not just Netanyahu . This is the position of everyone in the Israeli security establishment . ''
`` Netanyahu is unwise to challenge US so openly/dismissively on possible Iran nuclear deal , '' tweeted Nicholas Burns , a former senior US diplomat . `` Netanyahu 's outburst was a serious tactical error . ''
President Obama said that the new interim agreement with Iran `` blocks Iran 's path to nuclear weapon '' . Netanyahu is furious because if the accord between Iran and the P5+1 leads to proving that Iran is not seeking to make the bomb , there will be little wriggle room for Israel to divert the world 's attention from the most inhumane treatment that millions of Palestinians receive .
Netanyahu is frustrated because he is fundamentally against Iran having access to nuclear energy , even for purely civilian purposes . He believes that Israel , which has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , has a `` special right '' to have hundreds of nuclear bombs , but that Iran , a member of the NPT , should not have the right to peaceful use of nuclear technology and should be subject to the most crippling economic sanctions , even though Iran has reiterated time and again that its programme is for peaceful purposes .
Not good for Israel
Netanyahu is dangerous not only for Iran , but also for Israel and its people . If Israel launches military strikes on Iran , the repercussions will be grave , not only for Iran and Israel , but also for the entire region . The government of Israel is in the habit of launching brazen strikes on other sovereign nations on mere suspicion that they pose a threat to Israel security . It is routinely dictating what rights other countries may or may not have based on whether it thinks those rights may endanger its security .
As if it is the government of Israel , a non-NPT member that has usurped the prerogative of NPT , to determine who can or can not have access to nuclear energy . Netanyahu constantly manufactures crises to make people forget about Palestinians and the two-state solution . He is a threat , not only against the rest of the world , but also against his own people .
Akbar Ganji is one of Iran 's leading political dissidents and has received over a dozen human rights awards for his efforts . Imprisoned in Iran until 2006 , he is the author of one book in English , The Road to Democracy in Iran , which lays out a strategy for a non-violent transition to democracy in Iran .
