The Nintendo 3DS enjoyed another bumper week in Japan with the release of the long-awaited Pokémon X & Y . Sales of the console reached an impressive 213.570 units . Pokémon X & Y sold 1.8 million units , which will clearly put a smile on Nintendo 's face . However , it was a dire week for Wii U sales as the console only managed to sell 3.276 units and this is on the back of The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker HD . Nintendo 's struggling home console could n't even beat the ageing PSP . Here 's the software and hardware charts .
[ 3DS ] Pokémon X and Y ( Nintendo , 10/12/13 ) – 1,866,570 ( New ) [ PS3 ] Grand Theft Auto V ( Rockstar Games , 10/10/13 ) – 360,115 ( New ) [ 3DS ] Monster Hunter 4 ( Capcom , 09/14/13 ) – 110,208 ( 2,652,824 ) [ PS3 ] Tales of Symphonia Chronicles ( Namco Bandai , 10/10/13 ) – 77,228 ( New ) [ PSV ] DanganRonpa 1 & 2 Reload ( Spike Chunsoft , 10/10/13 ) – 76,162 ( New ) [ PS3 ] Sakatsuku Pro Soccer Club wo Tsukurou ( Sega , 10/10/13 ) – 73,696 ( New ) [ PS3 ] Fairy Fencer F ( Compile Heart , 10/10/13 ) – 40,666 ( New ) [ PSV ] Sakatsuku Pro Soccer Club wo Tsukurou ( Sega , 10/10/13 ) – 33,898 ( New ) [ 360 ] Grand Theft Auto V ( Rockstar Games , 10/10/13 ) – 26,612 ( New ) [ PS3 ] Warriors Orochi 3 Ultimate ( Tecmo Koei , 09/26/13 ) – 11,044 ( 116,054 )
Nintendo 3DS XL – 141,245 ( 85,885 ) Nintendo 3DS – 72,325 ( 37,102 ) PlayStation Vita – 60,166 ( 3,538 ) PlayStation 3 – 12,395 ( 10,232 ) PSP – 3,467 ( 4,093 ) Wii U – 3,276 ( 4,001 ) Wii – 703 ( 914 ) Xbox 360 – 575 ( 354 )
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Barnardo 's says children are suffering from not seeing their fathers .
Children whose fathers are in jail are being punished by rules which limit visits if prisoners do not behave well enough , says Barnardo 's .
`` It 's very hard on the children , '' said one mother , whose partner was jailed for 21 months when their son was two .
The charity says the rules , which apply in England and Wales , are cruel and it wants them scrapped .
The Ministry of Justice says it has a `` dedicated strategy to help strengthen family ties '' .
Barnardo 's points out that the rules are different in women 's jails where Ministry of Justice guidance says `` children should not be penalised from visiting or contacting their mother because of their mother 's behaviour '' .
Earned privileges
The rules depend on the Incentives and Earned Privileges scheme which links extra family visits with improved behaviour .
Some prisoners are allowed only two visits from family members in a 28-day period but , with improved behaviour , this can rise to three or four visits in that time .
The charity was told a year ago that the scheme was under review but says so far , nothing has changed .
Barnardo 's chief executive Javed Khan has written to Prisons Minister Sam Gyimah calling for the rules on family visits to men in jail to be brought in line with those for women .
`` We 're still waiting and children are still suffering . The government must address this now , '' said Mr Khan .
The MoJ said it recognised the importance of families in helping offenders to reform .
A spokeswoman said : `` We are committed to transforming prisons into places of safety and reform and we recognise the need to provide those in our custody with stable environments , as well as opportunities to change their behaviour and turn away from a life of crime .
`` Relationships with families can play a key role in this . We have a dedicated strategy to help strengthen family ties , including giving governors flexibility over their budgets to support schemes that help offenders maintain these relationships . ''
'You ca n't choose your parents '
`` Sarah '' says that for most of his time in jail , her partner was limited to three family visits each month .
The couple already had a toddler and she gave birth to their second child while he was in prison .
She says the visiting restrictions amount to punishing children for their parents ' behaviour .
`` You are in prison because you have committed a crime and because of that you need to be punished .
`` I am completely supportive of that - but you ca n't choose your parents .
`` A child has n't done anything wrong they are completely innocent in this . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Most of the visits were stressful , she says , with queues and searches on the way in .
She and her partner sat on chairs that were screwed to the floor and the prisoners were not allowed to get up .
It was very hard for the family to interact normally , she says .
However , on two occasions , he was allowed `` family visits '' of up to six hours .
There were still searches but the prison officers were out of uniform and the prisoners were allowed to move around .
`` You could almost imagine you had gone out for the day .
`` It was a really positive experience .
`` One was held in a prison gym and allowed the prisoners to walk around , play with the children and the families to eat together at a table .
`` There was a slide and the children could paint . At another prison , there was a bouncy castle . These visits are less intimidating for the children and make the dads feel more involved . ''
Donald Trump and Paul Ryan . Carlos Barria/Reuters Warren Buffett thinks that the US healthcare system is broken .
The legendary investor said costs for healthcare have exploded in the US and are holding back business growth .
Buffett pointed out corporate tax payments as a percentage of GDP have shrunk from 4 % in 1960 to just 2 % now . On the other hand , medical costs have ballooned from 5 % of GDP to 17 % of GDP currently .
`` Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness , '' Buffett said .
Buffett said that the lower rate of healthcare spending in other countries is one of the biggest disadvantages for US businesses .
The Berkshire Hathaway CEO also said that for his own business , `` the tax system is not crippling our business around the world , '' but the burden of healthcare costs make it more difficult to do business .
Additionally , in regards to the American Health Care Act — the bill passed by the House on Thursday to repeal and replace Obamacare — Buffett did not offer a forward prediction on how it would impact people 's healthcare but he did say it had one direct impact on him .
`` The net effect of that act is that my federal income taxes would have gone down , down 17 % , last year , '' Buffett said .
`` It 's a huge tax cut for guys like me . ''
Buffett went on to say that the AHCA will lower taxes significantly for people making over $ 250,000 that have large investment income .
`` That means one of two things , either the deficit goes up , or someone else 's taxes do , '' Buffett said .
Charlie Munger , Buffett 's partner , also decried incentives for healthcare providers to charge ever higher costs for procedures with questionable impact , saying there is `` too much chemotherapy on people that are basically dead . ''
`` A lot of it is greatly immoral , '' Munger said . `` You have a lot of doctors and hospitals that are feasting on a dying person like jackals on a carcass . ''
While Munger and Buffett did not offer particular policy solutions , they did say that the issue is being dealt with poorly by politicians on both sides of the aisle .
`` Both parties hate each other so much that neither one of them can think rationally , '' Munger said .
Jean Yip was a political spouse for a little over three years , right up until last month , when her husband , Liberal MP Arnold Chan , died far too young of cancer at age 50 . Now Yip has decided to take the full plunge into political life , moving from the sidelines to centre stage . After talking it over with Chan during his final few months , Yip , 49 , has decided she would like to be the next MP for Scarborough-Agincourt .
“ People would say : ‘ I 'm so sorry for your loss ' and offer their condolences , '' says Jean Yip . `` Then they 'd wait two seconds and they 'd say : ‘ Are you running ? ' ” ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
“ It feels right , ” Yip said in an interview with me this week . Yip does n't think many people will be surprised . Right after “ how are you ? ” it was the number one question asked of her during the visitation and funeral for her husband in late September , when hundreds of people were lining up to shake hands with the family . “ People would say : ‘ I 'm so sorry for your loss ' and offer their condolences — then they 'd wait two seconds and they 'd say : ‘ Are you running ? ' ”
Article Continued Below
Many of those people would be Scarborough residents who became accustomed to seeing Yip standing in for her ailing husband over the past year , doing a lot of the canvassing and riding duties Chan was simply too ill to handle as his health deteriorated . Initially diagnosed with a rare form of nasopharyngeal cancer months after becoming an MP in a 2014 byelection , Chan recovered long enough to be elected again in 2015 , but succumbed in September to the cancer 's recurrence . His final speech to the House in June , in which he implored colleagues to throw away talking points and listen more to each other , was a remarkable moment in the Commons . Yip , who was in the spectator seats that day with the couple 's three teenaged sons , says Chan urged everyone to “ carry on ” after he died . So this is how she 's decided to carry on . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , also a family friend , spoke at Chan 's funeral and sat beside Yip throughout the service . But she says they have n't discussed this succession plan , either then or since . She has been consulting with lots of Liberal friends , including some sitting MPs . It will be up to Trudeau to declare a byelection date for Scarborough-Agincourt — and before then , a date for the Liberal nomination meeting .
“ No nomination date has been determined as of yet in Scarborough-Agincourt , ” said Liberal party spokesperson Braeden Caley , when I asked him this week about the vacancy . It would n't be the first time that a spouse has picked up the political torch for a departed MP . The most recent example would be Dona Cadman , who ran and won for the Conservatives in 2008 , a few years after the death of her MP husband , Chuck Cadman .
Article Continued Below
But being the spouse of the late MP does n't always guarantee victory , even in the nomination race . When Liberal MP Shaughnessy Cohen died in 1998 , her husband , Jerry , was unsuccessful in his subsequent run for the Liberal nomination in that Windsor-area riding . In recent years , Yip 's main work has revolved around the family : working as a Sunday school teacher , a school-lunch supervisor and , of course , at Chan 's side after he became an MP .
Jean Yip with her husband , Arnold Chan , before his death from cancer at age 50 in September . ( Supplied photo )
Apparently there are other Liberals interested in taking the seat that Chan once occupied . “ The Liberal Party of Canada has been approached by a variety of talented potential candidates for Scarborough-Agincourt , ” Caley said . “ All possible supporters in this riding have been emailed to notify them about the vacancy and to encourage them to register new friends , family members and neighbours to participate in the upcoming nomination process. ” Yip , who was married to Chan for 19 years — she joked that she always knew she came after his first love , politics — said she wo n't be a carbon copy of her husband . Chan , who had served as the Liberals ' deputy house leader , had loved the parliamentary aspect of the job , all the procedure and the tradition . Yip said that she 's more interested in the constituency work , particularly some projects in Scarborough-Agincourt , such as the Bridletwone Community Hub , and housing issues in general . She was born in Scarborough and has worked and lived in or near the riding in the almost five decades since then . Thanks to her marriage and partnership with Chan , she now sees the riding through a more political lens . “ I did represent him in the riding a lot , especially in the end , ” Yip said . This past summer , as she and her son were knocking on doors , she learned a bit more about the size of shoes she aspires to fill . “ People really appreciated his work and especially his speech of June 12 , ” Yip said . “ So I guess when I hear the accolades , I feel reassured. ” She 's pretty sure that Chan would approve of this step she 's taking . “ He felt I could do this job and he was willing to support anything I decided. ” sdelacourt @ bell.net Correction , Oct. 28 , 2017 : This article was updated from a previous version that misstated the name of the Bridletowne Community Hub and incorrectly stated that Jean Yip had worked at Queen 's Park .
Read more about :
Here 's what to expect today as the FA enter the final stages of negotiations to make Sam Allardyce England manager Here 's what to expect today as the FA enter the final stages of negotiations to make Sam Allardyce England manager
Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce is set to be confirmed as England manager on Thursday , according to Sky sources .
Sky Sports News HQ understands the 61-year-old will be ratified as Roy Hodgson 's replacement during Thursday 's two-part FA board meeting in London , which is due to start at 10am .
Sunderland responded on Wednesday night with a statement that Allardyce was still in charge at the Stadium of Light , and he was in the dugout for the first half of their friendly with Hartlepool .
They said they shared `` in the anger and frustration of our supporters '' but Sky Sports News HQ understands David Moyes is already being lined up as a replacement for the former Bolton and West Ham boss .
Allardyce and Hull manager Steve Bruce emerged as the two main candidates to take over from Hodgson , with both having spoken to the Football Association over the last week .
Chief executive Martin Glenn said the FA are looking for a long-term England boss and not a 'short term mercenary ' Chief executive Martin Glenn said the FA are looking for a long-term England boss and not a 'short term mercenary '
Allardyce was in the running to become England manager 10 years ago but lost out when Steve McClaren was appointed .
FA chief executive Martin Glenn revealed that the 12-man FA Board would be updated with details of the manager search at Thursday 's meeting . There will also be discussions over who will replace chairman Greg Dyke who is standing down after three years .
Former Bolton captain Kevin Davies thinks Sam Allardyce will bring a winning mentality , pride and passion to the England job Former Bolton captain Kevin Davies thinks Sam Allardyce will bring a winning mentality , pride and passion to the England job
Glenn , vice chairman David Gill and technical director Dan Ashworth were given the job of recommending a new manager in the wake of Hodgson 's departure at the end of England 's Euro 2016 campaign .
Hodgson stood down after the 2-1 defeat by Iceland in the last-16 tie in France .
`` It 's been three weeks since the hunt started and we 're making good progress , '' said Glenn . `` We 're clear about what we 're looking for and we 've interviewed a handful of people .
Roy Hodgson 's four-year reign as England boss ended after the Euro 2016 defeat by Iceland
`` We 're after the best man for the job and we 've got to get that right . We 've got to have covered all of the alternatives before we make our decision .
`` Everyone we have spoken to about the job has been massively enthusiastic . We do n't want a short-term solution for a couple of years , we want someone to work alongside the development teams in terms of giving them a ladder . ''
England play their opening 2018 World Cup qualifier against Slovakia in September .
Justice League : How The Flash 's Powers Were Filmed , According To Ezra Miller By Corey Chichizola Random Article Blend If you 've been paying any attention to the world of Hollywood you 'll notice one trend : superheroes are everywhere . Between the Marvel Cinematic Universe , the DC Extended Universe , and the X-Men franchise , you ca n't turn a corner without seeing someone in tights saving the day and kicking ass . The MCU was groundbreaking in redefining what a comic book movie could do , and now DC has followed suit by creating their own connected universe . The DCEU will truly have its housewarming party with Justice League , assembling a mass of DC legends to save the day . And one of the most exciting aspects of the upcoming hero flick is Ezra Miller 's Flash . Ezra Miller recently sat down with Fox 5 DC to promote his role in Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them . Eventually the subject turned to Justice League , where he was asked how The Flash 's super speed scenes were filmed . He shared the following : Sometimes they make me run . Which I was outraged because I thought , you know , playing The Flash , this will be great , you ca n't see him running so this will be easy ! No , no , Ezra , we need you to run . We have this enormous treadmill that 's called , I think , The Tumblelator , that 's like 25 feet long , goes 45 miles per hour and its bouncy , like a trampoline . Pretty much a dream come true . Then , they strap me into a harness , we do all sorts of stuff . What we 're creating is a vocabulary ; where choreography meets visual effects . And what we 're trying to implement is a wide diversity of tactics of how we create these moments and ... A lot of The Flash is his perception . This sounds pretty fantastic . Finding a plausible way to make The Flash 's super speed look exciting must have been a challenge , but it appears Zack Snyder and company are thinking out of the box and reinventing the wheel a bit . It should be interesting to see how Ezra Miller 's Flash functions using his powers . His cameos on Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad essentially show him teleporting from place to place , as bolts of blue electricity move around him . But the trailer for Justice League flipped the script a bit . When Ben Affleck 's Bruce Wayne threw at Batarang at Barry Allen , we saw time essentially stop as Barry took a look around his surroundings and moved freely . It felt very similar to Quicksilver 's amazing scenes in X-Men : Apocalypse and X-Men : Days of Future Past , but hopefully they 'll make it their own in Justice League . Unfortunately , we 'll just have to wait and see how The Flash 's powers work when Ezra Miller 's Flash finally hits theaters . We have a while to wait though , as the Wonder Woman movie will come first and bridge the gap between Dawn of Justice and Justice League . Wonder Woman will be released June 2nd , 2017 , followed by Justice League will be November 17th , 2017 . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
The most famous female superhero in the world is getting a female director . EW has confirmed the news , originally revealed by the Hollywood Reporter , that Michelle MacLaren has signed on to develop the Wonder Woman solo film . The character will first appear in 2017 's Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , which will introduce Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman alongside Ben Affleck 's Batman , Henry Cavill 's Superman , and various other superheroes we 're too busy to list . Wonder Woman is currently slated for a June 2017 release .
MacLaren has directed episodes of Game of Thrones and The Walking Dead , but she 's undoubtedly best known in High Nerd circles for her work on Breaking Bad . She directed 11 episodes of the beloved meth-cooking series , including standout episodes like “ 4 Days Out , ” “ One Minute , ” “ Salud , ” and “ Gliding Over All. ” This will be the first feature film for MacLaren , but it 's becoming quite common for TV directors to make the jump into big-budget superhero movies . ( See also : Thor : The Dark World ‘ s Alan Taylor and Captain America : The Winter Soldier ‘ s Russo brothers . )
MacLaren will also be the first female director to take on a superhero franchise since Lexi Alexander made Punisher : War Zone , a movie that 's better than you think and that probably cost about a fifth of what Wonder Woman will cost .
And now , since no other information is readily available about Wonder Woman—a movie which is , after all , 31 months away—here are the fake posters EW made for MacLaren 's best Breaking Bad episodes .
AMC ; Designed by Jef Castro
———–
Thoughts about the Wonder Woman solo film ? Email me at darren_franich @ ew.com , and I 'll respond in a future edition of the Geekly Mailbag .
Summary :
Sliding windows containing runs of microcode .
Table of Contents :
Let 's Examine the Premises
In the first three articles of the StrangeCPU series I 've described a strange CPU indeed – a CPU with fixed size opcodes ( 8 or 9 bits ) that map to virtually any number of internal CPU instructions or jumps of any size . Opcodes are fetched from the 'Blue RAM ' ; the current meaning of each opcode ( yes , it changes depending on where it is invoked ) is looked up inside a sliding window in the 'Red RAM ' . The window position is decided deterministically by the PC ; the value obtained is used to control the internal CPU units .
The processor is similar to a VLIW ( Very Large Instruction Word ) machine in that the Red RAM is as wide as needed to contain a bit to control every internal unit of the CPU . Needless to say , VLIW processor instructions are very wide . The sliding window allows us to drop the size of each opcode back to 8 or 9 bits .
Limitations
Of course nothing is free , but the tradeoff is not so bad . Keeping the entire instruction control word ( say , 32 bits for a simple Stack Machine CPU ) allows us to use any instruction at any time . Using an 8-bit sliding window algorithm ( base=PC/16 ) presents us with a peculiar limitatation - any 4K region of Blue code RAM must not use more than 256 unique instructions . We can live with that .
Every 16 Blue opcodes , the window slides up by one Red unit . We lose the lowest ( oldest ) instruction and gain an empty slot for a new one . This gives us a chance to vary the instruction set of the processor smoothly , adjusting to the task at hand . Of course , should we desire to use the instruction we just lost , we can simply repeat it at the top of the table .
Let 's look at a random instruction description at location Red $ 1000 for example . Using the sliding formula we can see that at location Blue $ 10000 our instruction is addressable as opcode $ 00 . Same at Blue $ 10001 , $ 10002 , etc . But at location Blue $ 10010 our instruction is out of range – the base of the sliding window is now $ 1001 . So Blue $ 1000F is the upper bound of the range for instruction Red $ 1000 .
Since the window is 256-instructions wide , the lowest window base for our Red $ 1000 instruction to be visible is Red $ 0F01 . The corresponding Blue location is $ 0F010 ; our instruction here , at the lower bound of the range , is encoded as opcode $ FF .
The total Blue range within which each instruction is visible is therefore is $ 1000F - $ 0F010 , or 4095 . That is another constant of this system – each instruction as represented in the Red instruction memory is visible to a range or 4095 Blue bytes .
Data Representation
Looking at an instruction set of any CPU , it is clear that in addition to the actual opcodes , the processor requires in-line data such as branch targets and immediate values to operate on . Lucky for us , sliding window technologies excel at representing wide values with narrow tokens . In fact , the first installment introduced this technology by an elegantly representing branch targets with 8-bit tokens . StrangeCPU # 3 . Instruction Slides - The Strangest CPU Yet ! expands on this concept by representing instructions in the same sliding window system .
When we think of CPU instructions we envision some encoding scheme with instruction groups , with the available bits split up between immediate values and instruction bits . Usually we are in a bind as the instruction width is pretty small ; encoding large values is difficult .
Sliding Window architecture allows us to keep the opcodes/tokens small . The instruction width is now dependent on the Red memory which can be pretty wide . A natural FPGA fit is to use 9-bit Blue opcodes to select 36-bit instructions in Red RAM . This is wide enough to represent 32-bit addresses and data while keeping the secondary decoder simple .
4 bits at the top can be used to select one of 16 instruction patterns to differentiate calls , jumps , regular instructions and immediate instructions .
So it appears that all data can be represented in the Red memory . Not having inline data keeps the code really clean ( and makes deterministic decompilation possible ) .
Microcode , anyone ?
So far our processors followed a simple pattern of execution :
Fetch an opcode from Blue RAM Look up an instruction from Red RAM window and execute .
My descriptions have implied that our Blue PC is incremented once every 2-step cycle unless a control transfer instruction ( CTI ) has been executed . Similarly , so far we 've assumed that Red RAM is addressed implicitly as PC/16 .
What if we place a second 'PC ' on the Red RAM , allowing us to execute short sequences of Red instructions instead of just one ? We can dedicate a Red instruction bit to 'Increment Blue PC and fetch ' function . Now we can execute code as we always have , one Red instruction at a time if that bit is set . But if it 's clear , we increment the Red PC to execute the next Red instruction , until we hit one with that bit set .
Of course this arrangement is a weird implementation of microcode . Well , we 've been microcoding all along , but now we can call microcode 'subroutines ' using a single opcode/token – making our code even denser .
Since our system allows us to specialize opcodes ( and adjust them over time ) microcoding is just another way to get really specialized functionality . Of course , by creating runs of microcode we take away from the valuable pool of range-addressable opcodes , so microcode must be used sparingly .
But what is the hardware price for this new ability ? Oddly enough , the price is extremely low . Using Xilinx FPGAs we need ½ slice per bit to implement Red microcode PC :
a mux to select between Blue PC/16 and our own count
increment logic
a flip-flop to hold the result
This is pretty much a textbook description of a Xilinx Spartan3 half-slice .
Microcode executes faster than regular instructions . Regular instructions always take 2 cycles to execute ; runs of microcode need one cycle per Red instructions plus one cycle overhead ( n+1 ) .
Complaints and Misconceptions
Needless to say , some people are resistant to new ideas . This one drew a fair share of criticism , some of it valid . Here are a few examples :
Why bother ? Hardware is cheap .
True enough . Our inflated world has spoiled us with exponential improvements with concomitant price drops . However , waste is never good , even if it is 'free ' by virtue of being subsidized . Wider buses , bigger memories and larger chips translate to higher energy consumption , heating issues requiring large heatsinks and fans , longer boot time , flakier designs , etc . Someday common sense may prevail ; if not – consider this a thought-provoking exercise .
This scheme wastes a whole cycle with the extra memory .
The act of decoding instructions is hardly wasteful . Many processors use more than one internal cycle to decode instructions . While I 'd love to be able to decode instructions in 0 cycles , I will accept one cycle as a viable real-world alternative .
Why not add some bits to indicate when to 'slide ' the window ?
The window does not really slide , it jumps around with the PC . We have to be able to instantly determine the window base during a jump , so any scheme that relies on the window sliding sequentially can not be used .
You just re-invented the PC-relative jump .
Hack-a-day attempted to summarize my ideas in a simplistic manner that pretty much describes a PC-relative jump . If you bother reading my articles , you will see that what I propose is completely different .
Conclusion
This concludes the four-part series describing the theory behind StrangeCPU . I am happy to have had the opportunity to share this idea with you . I hope that one of you will get excited about it enough to give it a try – it is pretty simple to implement . If you do please contact me as I 'd love to hear about it ( and perhaps assist you in your implementation ) .
In the future I intend to make a StrangeCPU FPGA implementation myself . I 'll be sure to share my findings with you when I do .
The concepts introduced here regarding the use of sliding window technologies for calls , literal loads and instruction decoding , are dedicated to the public domain and are free for your use . I am not aware of any patents or prior art regarding this subject . Please let me know if you decide to implement it and I will be happy to help .
Spartan3 , PicoBlaze and Xilinx are registered trademarks of Xilinx Corporation .
Robert Dear
Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooting suspect Robert Dear , right , appears via video hearing during his first court appearance , where he was told he faces first degree murder charges , Monday , Nov. 30 , 2015 , in Colorado Springs , Colo. At left is public defender Dan King . ( Mark Reis/The Gazette via AP , Pool )
( Mark Reis )
The man accused of killing three people at a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic left a decades-long trail of broken marriages , scant social connections and a reputation for religious zealotry that did n't match his yen for gambling and extramarital affairs .
New court documents and interviews reveal Robert Lewis Dear as an occasionally violent , fundamentalist loner who was known to nurse a grudge . He had one for at least 20 years against the reproductive health organization he is accused of attacking , going so far as to put glue in the locks of a clinic in Charleston years earlier , eerily reminiscent of another gunman 's efforts to glue shut a Wichita , Kansas , abortion clinic 's doors before killing a doctor there in 2009 . The clinic in Charleston was not a Planned Parenthood facility at the time .
But still unknown is what caused Dear , 57 , to escalate from petty vandalism to the fusillade he is accused of unleashing at the Colorado Springs office , where a law enforcement official said he rambled about `` no more baby parts '' after his arrest . Colorado Springs police have refused to disclose a motive for Dear 's violence , but there 's mounting evidence that Dear was deeply concerned about abortion .
Dear 's ex-wife , Barbara Mescher Micheau , told The Associated Press on Wednesday that her former husband came home one day bragging about gluing the doors of a clinic . Michaeau , who lives in Moncks Corner , South Carolina , said Dear never talked much about Planned Parenthood , although `` obviously he was against abortion . ''
`` He was always plotting revenge against people he felt did him wrong and you know it did n't take much for him to feel like somebody did him wrong , '' Micheau said . `` So he would spend a lot of time trying to get back at people , trying to figure out ways to get back at people . ''
Micheau was Dear 's second of three wives , and in the affidavit she filed to divorce him in 1993 , she described him as angry and isolated .
Micheau said Dear had no friends , according to the document . He would listen to music on headphones for hours , ignoring her . He 'd vanish for gambling trips to Las Vegas or Atlantic City and suddenly explode in anger at home , kicking her and pulling her hair .
`` Rob 's anger erupts into fury in a matter of seconds and is alarming , '' she wrote . `` You have to constantly monitor his emotional state . ''
She added that he appeared devoutly religious .
`` He claims to be a Christian and is extremely evangelistic , but he does not follow the Bible in his actions , '' Micheau wrote . `` He says as long as he believes he will be saved , he can do whatever he pleases . He is obsessed with the world coming to an end . ''
Dear 's problems were evident even before their marriage ended . He jumped between jobs in fast-food management before joining the South Carolina electric company Santee Cooper . There `` he got in trouble a lot and played hooky a lot '' before he eventually quit and became an artist 's representative , selling prints wholesale to art galleries , Michaeu said . `` He liked the freedom of being his own boss and not having anyone to answer to , '' she wrote in the divorce complaint . Money was tight and she said her former husband used his money for `` personal pleasures , '' such as a motorcycle and an expensive gun , rather than their bills that piled up .
In 1992 , after Dear and Michaeau were separated , he was arrested in North Charleston , South Carolina , on a charge of criminal sexual conduct after a woman said he put a knife to her neck , forced her into her apartment and sexually assaulted her after hitting her in the mouth . No records show how the case was ultimately handled .
Dear also married Pamela Ross , who told The New York Times that he did n't seem overly zealous , standing against abortion but not dwelling on it . Court records show they divorced in 2001 . Neighbors who lived beside Dear 's former Walterboro , South Carolina , home say he hid food in the woods as if he was a survivalist , warning neighbors about government spying . One neighbor put up a wooden fence separating their land because Dear liked to skinny dip .
Dear also lived part of the time in a cabin with no electricity or running water in Black Mountain , North Carolina .
About a year later he moved again , having convinced another woman he met in South Carolina to live with him in his white trailer marked with a cross on a desolate stretch of land in Hartsel , Colorado , ringed by the Rocky Mountains . Living more than 60 miles west of the clinic in Colorado Springs , Dear rarely waved to neighbors , who saw him heading into the mountains on an ATV to gather firewood or stopping to get his mail at the post office .
Relatives of Dear 's girlfriend , Stephanie Bragg , said they had n't heard from her much since they moved . But her ex-husband , Gary Turner , was concerned .
`` Gary said Stephanie was living in Colorado and that she was living off the grid , so he does n't hear much from her , '' Bragg 's former stepmother , Patricia Stutts , said . `` It caused him a lot of distress . ''
Authorities have spoken with Bragg , who could n't be located for comment Wednesday .
India 's per capita calorie demand has been falling for at least the last 30 years . Most people do a double-take when they hear that . One ca n't debate the fact much : National Sample Surveys every five to seven years have documented this . What we can debate are the reasons behind this : In their 2009 paper Angus Deaton and Jean Dreze pretty thoroughly narrowed them down to reduced need for calories as lives get more automated ( like less walking with heavy loads or more tractors for ploughing ) and less incidence of acute diseases ( like dysentery , a common form of calorie loss ) as drinking water quality and immunisation improved . Likely for similar reasons , this drop in per capita calorie demand has been observed in China as well .
Advertising
Further , and more intuitively , as incomes have risen , the type of calories consumed has been changing as well : More eggs and chicken , more milk , fewer cereals . As a result , per capita cereal demand has been falling by 1 per cent per year on average for three decades at least . Now that population growth has also slowed to about 1 per cent per year , this means our total demand for cereals is not growing anymore . Unlike in China , where diets transitioning to red meat ( to get one calorie one feeds the animal four ) have kept pressure on calorie production , Indians are shifting to chicken , which is far less inefficient ( and consumes corn , which is not a staple here ) .
Cereal production , though , continues to rise , mainly due to rising yields . This started showing up in rising food-stocks from 2008 onwards , till we ran out of storage space . Then exports started , helped by high global prices . In the last two years , consecutive monsoon failures and falling global prices have brought down stocks as well as exports , but if monsoons are good ( helping groundwater levels and the rabi crop too ) , we could see an additional 25 million tonnes of cereals this year . Weak global markets make exports unviable , particularly for wheat . What is the farmer going to do ?
Cereals are not just any crop : They are the mainstay of Indian agriculture , accounting for more than half the gross cropped area . And while 60-90 per cent of this area is irrigated , only 15-30 per cent of the area used for pulses and oilseeds is . The latter crops thus get badly affected by weak monsoons . Despite rapidly growing demand for protein and fats , domestic output last year was about the same as in 2004 . This meant 12 billion dollars of imports last year , nearly three times the value imported when monsoons were okay . As India seems to be the only large consumer of pulses , there is not ( yet ) much of a global market in them — if the Indian crop fails , prices go up . For oils , a well-supplied global market kept prices low : So low that the government had to raise import duties last year to prevent local prices from falling . This year , then , a sharp jump in output of pulses and oilseeds , as seems likely , should bring down imports , as well as dal prices .
Elsewhere , remarkable changes are afoot on the perishable side of the food basket : Milk , fruits and vegetables . Of the 160 million tonnes of milk produced in India , less than 40 per cent comes to the market : The rest is consumed within the household or the village . This is mostly due to a lack of infrastructure : Roads ( without good roads one can not transport milk ) , information ( not just on best practices , but also on pricing ) , and electricity ( without electricity in the village one would struggle to keep high-yielding varieties of cattle : one needs milking machines as well as chillers ) .
We saw six consecutive years of double-digit increases in milk prices . It took time for supply to respond : Cattle take three years to start lactating . Improving rural infrastructure and better prices have resulted in much slower price growth despite the cooperatives supporting farmers by buying more than they needed . With global milk prices down , the export opportunity is also constrained .
Similarly , in vegetables , which are perishable , the supply response to prices has been so strong that even in onions , where the state that drives more than a third of output , Maharashtra , was reeling under two consecutive years of drought , output grew so much that farmers had to sell at near-zero prices . In potatoes , when production hit 48 million tonnes last year , more than 10 per cent of the harvest had to be stored as surplus . Researchers say the use of technology in fruit and vegetables has driven yields up and duration of crop cycles down , so farmers can produce more crops per year . Improving infrastructure ( phones , roads ) is also helping with transportation and price awareness .
Putting this together , it seems that rising agricultural productivity is now creating surpluses across most categories . The tell-tale signs were that , despite two consecutive years of low production , prices did not go up — this was mistakenly attributed to lower Minimum Support Prices , and to a clampdown on black-marketing . These may have helped , but the root causes go much deeper . This year , as output growth picks up again , prices could come under pressure — in many ways the poor monsoons had put a lid on this problem .
Advertising
This throws up three important challenges for policymakers . First , agricultural surpluses from India are harder to export without a substantial improvement in food processing . Second , in most categories Indian farming can not compete in global markets despite the abundance of natural resources ( fertile soil , adequate water and sunlight , cheap labour ) . It is not just due to subsidies in other countries : Our productivity needs to improve as well . The Indian farmer is also affected by currency movements . Farmers in Brazil , Ukraine and Russia have benefited strongly from the fall in their respective currencies . And , lastly , these trends mean that agriculture will shed workers . We no longer need 49 per cent of our workforce producing food for the rest of us . In the US just 2 per cent of the population is in agriculture , with substantial agricultural exports . As one researcher we met mentioned , doubling farmer incomes may need the number of farmers to halve , and he was only half-joking . This makes the job creation challenge much bigger than it already is .
Share . Coming to next-gen platforms . Coming to next-gen platforms .
Exit Theatre Mode
UPDATE : Square-Enix has issued a press release introducing Thief as `` a reinvention of a franchise that helped define an entire genre of games '' .
The release talks up `` a first-person adventure featuring intelligent design that allows players to take full control , with freedom to choose their path through the game 's levels and how they approach and overcome each challenge . '' Coming from Deus Ex : Human Revolution Eidos Montreal , that 's hardly surprising .
Exit Theatre Mode
ORIGINAL STORY : Game Informer has revealed Thief 4 in a tease for its April cover story .
`` Series hero Garrett returns to the Gothic , industrial metropolis known simply as the City to steal any and everything that will make him richer , '' reads the summary . Unfortunately , the City is broiling with social tension as it is ravaged by a plague and lorded over by a political tyrant known as the Baron . In order to survive his adventures , Garrett will have to pay attention to his environment and make use of the May possible paths through each of the game 's levels . ''
We knew Thief 4 was coming , but it 's been awfully quiet on that front for a long time now . The coverage trailer below reveals the first images of the game .
Thief , as it will be called , is coming to PC , PS4 and `` other next-gen platforms '' in 2014 , it would appear . It 's been in development for years in Montreal , and series fans have been holding their breath for more information since 2009 , when the game was officially announced .
Keza MacDonald is in charge of IGN 's games coverage in the UK . You can follow her on IGN and Twitter .
( The previous edition can be found HERE )
Here we go again ! Welcome to the 25th edition of Match of the Week . This week 's match is a classic from the 2009 ADCC . It is Marcelo Garcia vs. Kron Gracie .
Marcelo Garcia ( also known as “ Marcelinho ” ) is a black belt under Fabio Gurgel and competes for Alliance Jiu-Jitsu . Since his debut in the black belt division , Marcelo has been a stand out competitor and a fan favourite at competitions . Marcelo is considered by many to be the pound for pound the best grappler in the world today .
Marcelo is an extremely accomplished Jiu-Jitsu practitioner . At the black belt level , he is a five time World Champion ( 2004 , 2006 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 ) , a four time ADCC Champion ( 2003 , 2005 , 2007 , 2011 ) , a three time Brazilian National Champion ( 2004 , 2006 weight & absolute ) , and a one-time Pan American Champion ( 2007 ) . He is also a member of the IBJJF Hall of Fame .
In terms of grappling ability , Marcelo is very well rounded . He is excellent both on his back and on his feet . In particular , Marcelo is best known for his x-guard , butterfly guard and guillotine choke . Over the years , these have been known to become Marcelo 's signature moves . What 's good about Marcelo is he always hunts for the submission . He does n't play to win by points or advantages , but instead looks to finish the fight and submit his opponent .
Marcelo Garcia
Kron Gracie is one of the top competitors today at the black belt level . He is the son of Rickson Gracie who is arguably the greatest Jiu-Jitsu practitioner of all time . Kron has been serious competitor since he was a teenager , making a big name for himself at the lower belts , claiming some of our sports major titles . During his run at the lower belts , he managed to rack up a 51 submission streak . Today , he is mainly focusing his attention on MMA .
He is a four time Pan American Champion ( 2005 purple , 2007 brown , 2008 brown weight & absolute ) , a two time World Champion ( 2006 purple , 2007 brown ) , and a one-time European ( 2009 black ) and ADCC Champion ( 2013 ) .
Something which sets Kron Gracie apart from everybody else is his style of Jiu-Jitsu . The style of Jiu-Jitsu which Kron uses is very basic , something you hardly see in competition today . He does not rely on any guards such as de la riva or spider guard , and does definitely not rely on the 50/50 guard , berimbolo , or worm guard . Instead , the only guard he mostly uses throughout his matches is the closed guard .
Kron Gracie
A classic match ! I usually try not to give away the result in most MOTW 's , but I 'm pretty sure the vast majority of you have seen it . If you have n't , you 're in for a treat ! I watched this match multiple times and I always still enjoy it as much as the first time .
I think this match in particular really shows how amazing of a grappler Marcelo is . I mean , he is endlessly attacking Kron , going for takedowns , sweeps , and tripping him up . Not to take anything away from Kron , he is a great talent in his own right , but I think Marcelo 's experience really showed in this match .
Make sure you take a look at the video below ! I hope you guys enjoy !
See you next week !
HERE ) ( If you are viewing on a mobile device , please click
Cards for NASA nerds Play your favorite card games in spaaaaaaace
Double deck of playing cards with NASA photos
Over 100 different images of planets , stars , galaxies , and more
While there are many reasons why playing card games is educational , they 're a little tough to justify to the average school administrator . They see them as a means for illegal underage gambling , not as a tool for teaching counting , addition , subtraction , and probability , not to mention people-reading skills if you 're playing poker . As gamers , we 've always known games are the best vehicle for learning .
These Astronomy Playing Cards feature over 100 different photographs of space , taken from NASA 's public domain archive . You 'll see all the planets of our solar system , galaxies , stars , nebulae , and more . Each card includes the name or identification number of the celestial object , its classification system , and its distance in light years from our dear ol ' Earth . Use these cards to play your favorite card games while learning about spaaaaaaaaaaaace .
Product Specifications
In my last post , I mentioned that I have recently acquired several new quantified-self devices , including the Skulpt Aim . These new devices and the data from them have brought me greater opportunities to think more deeply about measurement systems .
When I begin using a new self-tracking device , I have the same kind of basic questions that any scientist or engineer might ask about a novel measurement tool :
Why does this tool interest me ?
What does this device measure ?
Does this new data confirm what I would expect ?
Do changes over time represent important trends or random noise ?
These questions have been on my mind over the past six weeks as I 've collected daily data with the Aim , a body fat and muscle quality monitoring tool .
Why does this tool interest me ?
I 've blogged in my Fitness and Food series about my past body size fluctuations and how I adopted quantified-self practices such as food logging , activity monitoring and weight tracking with a wireless scale to reach a healthy weight maintenance zone . Tracking my diet , activity and weight over the past six years has helped me better understand how my food intake and exercise habits have affected my short- and long-term weight trends throughout my lifetime . However , since strength training is my workout of choice , body weight has always felt unsatisfying as a long-term success metric .
What does this device measure ?
Unlike other methods I have tried before , the Aim provides two different metrics : % fat ( the tried-and-true measure of body fat percentage ) and a novel measure called muscle quality ( MQ ) . In short , the device estimates % fat by passing a current through a specific body part and measuring its resistance . It uses the time between discharge of the current into the muscle and detection of the corresponding voltage measurement to calculate muscle quality . The basic idea is that larger , fitter muscle fibers retain current longer . ( The Skulpt site has more information about how it works . )
The Aim estimates overall body fat percentage and average muscle quality through a four-site measurement , similar to the multisite approach used by caliper assessments . But the Aim 's real novelty is its ability to assess and report measures for individual muscle areas . This fills a gap in my quantified-self data collection by providing me a frequent and convenient way to quantify muscle maintenance and incremental changes in body areas due to training choices . I had seen the Aim online several months ago , but having the chance to try the device myself at the recent QS15 conference really sealed the deal .
To use the Aim , I spray water on the area I am going to measure and on the back of the device ; I then set the device on a specific muscle area , following recommendations for device placement shown in the app 's embedded videos . A few seconds later , the Aim displays % fat and MQ for that area . When I fit a regression line to data points across all body parts in Graph Builder as shown in the first graph below , you can see that there is an inverse relationship between MQ and % fat . Intuitively , it makes sense that areas with higher muscle quality will tend to have lower fat percentages .
However , adding Body part as an overlay variable in the second graph reveals that the MQ and % fat profiles of different muscle areas can vary greatly .
Does this new data confirm what I would expect ?
To answer this question , I had to start collecting data ! So for the six weeks , I have been performing three to five replicates of the Aim 's Quick Test each day . It uses measurements of my right side bicep , tricep , ab , and quadricep muscles to estimate my overall body fat . Every week or so , I also measure other individual muscle areas . I perform all these tests first thing in the morning before eating and drinking , right after I weigh myself . The graph below summarizes the number of measurements I have taken for different areas over this period of time .
Muscle quality is a new metric to me so I do n't have any past measurements for comparison . But the patterns in the data I collected indicate that the muscles that I train regularly and heavily tend to have the highest muscle quality ( MQ ) scores . As expected , areas that I have n't trained regularly with weights in recent years ( e.g. , calves ) have lower muscle quality scores . My abs are an interesting exception . I rarely train them directly , but their MQ scores are very high , probably because most weight training exercises require the use of abdominal muscles to stabilize the movement .
The best body fat data I have comes from a January 2014 DXA scan , which assessed me at 17.5 % body fat at a dieted-down weight of 127.5 lbs . My recent quick test measurements with the Aim have been taken at a more typical maintenance weight around 135 lbs and estimate my % fat at 18-19 % . Although my weight is not directly comparable to my weight on the day of my DXA , my results are in the ballpark of what I 'd expect after adding in a few pounds for extra food and water in my system , a few pounds for extra body fat , and 1.75 years of training time .
I used my Skulpt data with a custom body map I created earlier this year in JMP to show mean MQ and % fat by body area ( averaged over left and right sides ) . I reversed the color scales so the trends for each measure could be compared more easily . Like the body-part specific regression lines shown above , this graph also reflects the inverse relationship between MQ and % fat .
Do changes over time represent important trends or random noise ?
I had some questions I wanted to answer before assessing how my workouts might affect my % fat and MQ measures in the short and long term . While casual Aim users might be satisfied by taking a single measurement daily or weekly , I expected my measurements to vary around the true mean for each body part/side combination due to random and systematic variables .
Without daily access to a gold standard test like DXA , I could not verify the accuracy of the Aim 's measurements , but that has never been my intent . I am much more interested in establishing a measurement routine that generates precise measurements each day so I can make sense of daily or weekly trends in the context of my weight , eating and workout variables . The Skulpt blog mentioned an expected between-day test-retest variation of 5 % . Put another way , an area measured at 20 % body fat one day would be expected to measure 20 % +/-1 % the next day . But I predicted that I would see variables like water weight impact my daily measurements , such that my true values could differ between days , so I was more concerned with assessing replicate measurements taken on the same day . Establishing within-day precision would be key to establishing a baseline for my MQ and % fat values .
To assess within-day variation , I used Graph Builder to create a graph of the standard deviations of my MQ and % fat measurements for the four sites I measure daily . I used a light blue shaded reference range to indicate the 1 % fat and 1 MQ point standard deviation that I hoped to achieve .
The variability trends I saw in my July measurements caused me to question and adjust my measurement techniques :
Early on , my within-day variability for my MQ and body fat scores was relatively high . I soon realized that I was n't following the Aim instructions to the letter . I began to spray the back of the unit before each and every rep , ensuring that the metal contacts were consistently soaked for each measurement . You can see this change begin to reduce the variability of my data around July 21 .
Once I made the above improvement , I started to notice a new pattern . My first rep for a muscle group seemed to be different than later reps . I confirmed this suspicion by examining my raw data . I theorized that perhaps this might happen because the device was wet before rep 1 , but the muscle area itself was dry until after rep 1 was complete . I began spraying each body area before I started measuring , and this further improved my measurement consistency .
At the end of July , I noticed another disturbing trend . The standard deviation of my MQ measurement for my right bicep was trending up , not down ! This affected the consistency of my four-site average . In puzzling it over , I concluded that since my bicep is a relatively small and narrow muscle , slight position changes probably affected its measurement more than for larger muscle groups .
I decided to test my theory by experimenting with the position of the device . For five reps ( group 1 ) , I made an effort to hold the unit slightly higher on my bicep area , and then moved it to a slightly lower position for five reps ( group 2 ) . The figure below illustrates how this affected my results . Although one rep in the higher position group had an MQ score of 125 ( marked with a red x ) , the rest of the MQ scores in the higher position group were several points lower than those in the second group . It seemed clear that I needed to choose one of these positions and stick with it to obtain the most consistent measurements for this problematic muscle area .
Over subsequent days , I applied the lessons learned above and chose my bicep measurement area more consistently , reducing the SD ( MQ ) and SD ( % fat ) for biceps in my data set . At this point , I 'm happy with being able to consistently measure MQ +/- 2 and % fat +/- 1 % on most days for almost all areas , and the 4 position overall estimate that I take daily has fallen into a predictable range .
What 's next with this data ?
Given my initial adventures in measurement consistency above , I knew I had more work to do with this data set . I was continuing to collect daily data , but wanted to assess it and my measurement technique more systematically . JMP has an MSA ( Measurement Systems Analysis ) platform designed to help assess sources of variability in a measurement system . I wanted to learn more about the platform and use it to assess my measurements so far . I already knew I had outlier measurements in my data table . What 's the best way to identify and remove them ? I needed to explore my data , evaluate my outlier filtering options , apply them , and assess how their removal affected my within-day measurement consistency . I 'll share what I discovered in future posts .
The Union Health Ministry , under new Health Minister JP Nadda , has recommended a ban on the sale of loose cigarettes , as well as an increase in the minimum age for smoking from 18 to 25 years .
Health minister JP Nadda in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha said the ministry has accepted the recommendations of the committee , which was formed by the ministry , to review Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products ( Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce , Production , Supply and Distribution ) Act , 2003 ( COTPA ) . Apart from this , increasing penalties for smoking in public places has also been recommended . Though the ban on smoking in public places was put in place on October 2 , 2008 , violations continue to take place . The government may also ban branding on cigarette packets .
The previous Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan had also called for a ban on electronic cigarettes , claiming these pushed children towards tobacco by making them nicotine dependent .
Greece has moved a step closer upgrading a fleet of Lockheed Martin F-16s with new radars , software-defined radios and other equipment .
The US State Department has approved a package of upgrades valued at $ 2.4 billion to raise the Hellenic Air Force 's fleet to the F-16V standard , a Defense Security Cooperation Agency notice says .
During a joint speech at the White House with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece this week , President Donald Trump highlighted the potential sale and praised Greece 's commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . The president has criticised other NATO allies for not meeting failing to commit funds worth more than 2 % of gross domestic product to national security .
“ I also commend Greece for being one of the few NATO countries currently spending at least 2 % of GDP ( gross domestic product ) on defence , ” Trump says ..
An upgrade to the F-16V configuration would represent a critical boost to the cash-strapped Hellenic Ministry of National Defense , which has operated under a constrained budget since the 2009 economic crisis . Meanwhile , Greece has watched its regional rival Turkey move forward with the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II and now its indigenous next-generation TF-X stealth fighter .
The sale , if Greece signs a contract , would replace Northrop Grumman 's mechanically scanned APG-68 radars with the active electronically scanned APG-83 , which is also known as Scaleable Agile Beam Radar ( SABR ) . The F-16V also would feature the Link-16 Multifunctional Information Distribution System Joint Tactical Radio Systems ( MIDS-JTRS ) .
Greece flies a mix of GE Aviation F110-powered Block 30 and Block 50 F-16s , plus the Pratt & Whitney F100-powered Block 52 version .
School Claims Teen 's Writing About Marijuana Use Is 'Drug Possession '
from the writing-is-9/10ths-of-the-law dept
Last May , a teenager was punished with a lengthy suspension after teachers discovered her folder which contained stories with references to marijuana use . Her father is now speaking out and appealing the school 's decision .
Tom Grayhorse , father of Krystal Grayhorse , told Ozarks First that he was called by Buffalo High School 's assistant principal after staff found Krystal 's folder containing the stories at the school and were “ alarmed by the contents of the notebook . ”
“ She wrote about making out with a boy- well , you know , she 's a teenager- and also about having some pot then eating it and swallowing it at the school , ” said Tom Grayhorse .
He went to the school for a meeting but was told he could n't see the notebook because it 's considered evidence , and that his daughter would be suspended for ten days .
`` If they give a ten-day suspension it comes to me as the superintendent and then it is my decision to look back at it and see if an extended suspension is in order ... our drug and alcohol policies permit for several different consequences that can be given out . And most of the time it 's 1 to 180 days that students can be suspended , '' Ritchie said .
`` I asked them about alternate schooling for people that had been suspended and they said they did n't have it , '' says Grayhorse .
Grayhorse claims his daughter did n't have the drugs , even though she admitted to a school officer that she did .
`` She 'd confess to almost anything , within reason , just to get [ the questioning ] over with . Somehow she allegedly had some [ marijuana ] . And she ate it and swallowed it and that took care of it and it was gone . ''
[ Grayhorse ] said [ his daughter ] was not tested for drugs .
[ Superintendent ] Ritchie said the hypothetical discovery of a first-person story involving the use of a controlled substance , even at school , would `` not necessarily '' trigger a suspension . She added that school counselors have been trained to direct families to resources in the community if there 's any hint of alcohol or drug use in a student .
The latest illegal high to hit high schools ? Writing about drug use So , a student 's personal notebook -- not one belonging to the school or any particular class -- was left behind and read by a member of school administration , who then `` freaked out '' and brought it to the attention of school officials.Grayhorse can onlywhat was actually written by his daughter because the school has refused to provide him with copies of the objectionable writing Yes , the school went full cop on him , claiming the evidence was so secret it could n't even be seen by the legal guardian of the minor involved . The ten-day suspension has now been extended until January 2015 , thanks to its `` zero tolerance '' drug policies , even though no actual drugs were involved . District Superintendent Robin Ritchie offered this deferral to policy by way of `` explanation . `` Apparently , in this case , the decision was to use the full 180 days , stretching from the original suspension in May to early 2015 . Obviously , this will have a negative impact on the student 's hope of graduating on time , but the district has been less than helpful in ensuring the drugless drug violator will be able to stay on schedule.Superintendent Ritchie has suggested night classes , but there does n't seem to be anything on its website or in its policies that addresses the educational options for suspended students Then there 's this detail , which may have some crying `` # notallsuperintendents ! '' -- according to both the student 's father and investigating officials , the student claimed to have had drugs in her possession , if only temporarily.So , that would explain the `` drug possession '' named in the suspension report… except for this fact Well , why not ? And why did n't the school exercise some of the other options it offers students with drug issues , rather than pull the trigger on a lengthy suspension ? The superintendent , while refusing to address specifics , says that the student 's written `` drug possession '' would n't necessarily trigger a suspension and that the familyhave been approached first about the theoretical drug problem . But the school did n't do any of this and Ritchie 's noncommittal , non-specific statements back this up . She claims it all runs through her . So , the extended suspension , as well as the avoidance of less punitive actions , were OKed by her.Devil 's advocate says that if the student truly had drugs in her possession , this would all have been uncovered much more quickly and never would have become another quickly-circulating example of stupid school administration behavior . But withholding the evidence from the parent , as well as the lack of other verification like a drug test , points to a zero tolerance hammer converting another student into a more compliant nail .
Filed Under : creativity , drug use , schools , writing , zero tolerance
WEST JORDAN — A man who was either trying to defend himself or break up a fight was taken to a local hospital after pulling out a gun and shooting himself in the foot .
West Jordan police were called to a fight involving at least nine people about 2 a.m. Wednesday near 3850 West and 7000 South . Both parties claimed the other started the incident , said West Jordan Police Sgt . Drew Sanders .
A 30-year-old man was taken to the hospital after being shot in the foot by his own gun , he said . The man claimed he had gotten out of his car and was `` jumped '' by six men and was shot while struggling to reach his weapon .
Another story being told was the man twice took his gun out of his holster in an attempt to stop a fight in progress , and on the second time someone grabbed his arm and caused him to accidentally shoot himself , Sanders said .
Police were still sorting through evidence and interviews Wednesday to figure out what happened . No one had been arrested as of Wednesday .
On Thursday morning , President Donald Trump sent a series of tweets about the Russia scandal , attempting to put forth a counternarrative in which Democrats and the FBI are the real villains .
With special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation moving forward and new revelations about Russian propaganda efforts during the 2016 election , the Trump-Russia scandal clearly is n't going away anytime soon , and ignoring it no longer seems like a viable political strategy .
So many conservative media figures and GOP politicians have increasingly tried to publicize other Russia-related matters that they say implicate Trump 's political enemies — whether the Obama administration , the Clintons , Mueller , fired FBI Director James Comey , or even the FBI as a whole — in misconduct of some kind .
Two of these stories — questions about an Obama-era uranium deal , and questions about the salacious “ dossier ” on Trump — have been bubbling in conservative media for some time , and have gotten particular attention this week . So it was no surprise that the president himself tried to push them on Twitter Thursday :
Uranium deal to Russia , with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge , is the biggest story that Fake Media does n't want to follow ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 19 , 2017
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th . Who paid for it , Russia , the FBI or the Dems ( or all ) ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 19 , 2017
The political reason Trump is embracing both of these stories is clear enough : He 's trying to cast Russia-related dirt on both Democrats and the FBI ( which he views as part of a “ deep state ” unfairly persecuting him ) , to try to discredit the investigation as a whole , and to change the subject from the question of whether any of his associates colluded with the Russian government during the campaign .
And indeed , conservative media figures are arguing that these stories make Democrats and the FBI look at the very least hypocritical on Russia , and at worst like Russian patsies themselves .
The stories Trump is using to try to muddy the waters on Russia
Much as occurred earlier this year with the “ unmasking ” controversy , the Trump administration , leading Republicans , and conservative reporters and media outlets are trying to publicize — some would say drum up — Russia-related controversies that make Democrats or the FBI look bad .
So as much of the mainstream media continues to drill into the question of whether there was any collusion between Trump 's team and Russia during the election , much of the conservative media is spending a great deal of time on these other Russia-related stories .
The two that Trump tweeted about Thursday morning are :
The uranium company deal : This is essentially about the Obama administration 's approval of a 2010 deal in which Russia 's atomic energy agency bought a Canadian company with extensive uranium holdings , including in the United States . The issue was discussed during the campaign , but a report by John Solomon and Alison Spann of the Hill this week questions why the Obama-era FBI and Justice Department did n't more aggressively pursue or publicize an investigation into misconduct from the Russian nuclear industry at the time . There are also questions about donations to the Clinton Foundation made by people involved with the deal , though no one has demonstrated that Hillary Clinton advocated for it in any sort of unusual way .
This is essentially about the Obama administration 's approval of a 2010 deal in which Russia 's atomic energy agency bought a Canadian company with extensive uranium holdings , including in the United States . The issue was discussed during the campaign , but a report by John Solomon and Alison Spann of the Hill this week questions why the Obama-era FBI and Justice Department did n't more aggressively pursue or publicize an investigation into misconduct from the Russian nuclear industry at the time . There are also questions about donations to the Clinton Foundation made by people involved with the deal , though no one has demonstrated that Hillary Clinton advocated for it in any sort of unusual way . The Steele dossier : This is the infamous , salacious dossier put together by a former British spy that claimed extensive collusion between Russian officials and top Trump associates . It was written by former British spy Christopher Steele at the behest of the firm Fusion GPS . Republicans have questioned whether the dossier contained disinformation peddled by Russians and asked who paid Fusion to produce the dossier in the first place . There have also been questions about whether the FBI at some point last year paid Steele for the dossier .
Both of these matters have been hot topics on Fox News , and indeed , Trump appeared to be watching Fox & Friends when he tweeted about the uranium story Thursday morning .
. @ foxandfriends `` Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation '' — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 19 , 2017
The Senate Judiciary Committee under Chair Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) has long been investigating the Steele dossier matter , and is now looking into the Russian nuclear matter too . And again , it 's entirely possible that there was some wrongdoing on either front .
Still , the question of why Trump is so enthusiastic about these recent stories is hardly a mystery . The bigger picture is that he 's hoping to change the subject from questions about what he and his associates may have done , and to muddy the waters on the Russia issue by casting aspersions on his biggest critics .
Hong Kong actor Chapman To ( Infernal Affairs , Men Suddenly in Black ) is the director of The Empty Hands ( previously known as simply Karate ) , an upcoming martial arts-themed film ( read our review ) that will be led by singer turned actress , Stephy Tang ( Let 's Go ) .
According to SD , the film tells the story of a young girl whose only wish is to sell her father 's karate dojo when he dies , but discovers that 51 % of the business was left to one of his worst pupils .
The Empty Hands also stars Yasuaki Kurata ( Four Riders ) and Stephen Au Kam-tong ( Z Storm , Trivisa ) , a black belt in full contact karate , who is also training Tang for her physically demanding role .
Judging from the film 's newly released Trailer ( below ) , The Empty Hands appears to be more of an arthouse drama , which is an unexpected surprise , coming from the mostly-comedic To , who made his directorial debut feature with the light-hearted Let 's Eat !
We 've seen the worst call of Stanley Cup playoffs , and somehow , a coach 's challenge was n't involved .
Blackhawks goalie Corey Crawford left his crease to wail on St. Louis ' Robby Fabbri . The end result , in defiance of all available logic , was a Chicago power play and , naturally , a Chicago power-play goal .
Corey Crawford goes after Robby Fabbri pic.twitter.com/iTGTASRKKT — Marina Molnar ( @ mkmolnar ) April 20 , 2016
The Blackhawks scored to make it 2-1 because Kevin Shattenkirk and Alex Pietrangelo were in the box for whatever they did during the scrum that came after Crawford bull-rushed Fabbri . Fabbri was , too , and he did n't even do anything . If anything , he was tripped . Crawford , meanwhile , got two minutes for roughing , as did Andrew Ladd .
MORE : Top photos from the first round
The recipe is set ; if Chicago needs a goal , it can just have Crawford flip out . If he does enough , maybe it gets a 5-on-3 . Why not ?
It 's a bad look in a series that had already seen a controversial Blues loss and some semi-deserved carping from Ken Hitchcock . Whatever he says after this will be even more justified .
MORE : The offsides rule is a mess and has to be changed
And really , it 's tough to imagine a dumber situation unfolding at any point during the postseason — at least all the coach 's challenge issues comes from a place of genuine desire to get things correct . The issue there is subpar technology and , maybe , nitpicking .
This , though ? This was just stupid . And though it 's hard to imagine anything stupider , remember ; the first round is n't over .
What is the Glut ? Why Cushing is Bursting and Hurting Oklahoma 's Economy
Joe Wertz Bio Recent Stories Joe Wertz is a senior reporter and managing editor at StateImpact Oklahoma . He reports regularly on energy and environment issues for national NPR audiences and other national outlets , and serves as president-elect of Freedom of Information Oklahoma , an open record and government transparency nonprofit . Previously , he worked as a managing editor , assistant editor and staff reporter at several major Oklahoma newspapers . He lives in Oklahoma City , and studied journalism at the University of Central Oklahoma .
Joe Wertz / StateImpact Oklahoma
This is the first of a four-part collaborative series by StateImpact Oklahoma and Texas on the economic and environmental impact of the Keystone XL pipeline .
Oklahoma is in an unlikely economic predicament : It has too much oil .
AUDIO BY LOGAN LAYDEN
Slick History
Cushing is the price settlement point for West Texas Intermediate crude on the New York Mercantile Exchange . It 's also an important blending station , where crude oil from the mid-continent is mixed to the specific grades required by different refineries .
The city 's historic role in the energy industry was secured in 1912 when a Pennsylvania wildcatter named Thomas B. Slick made a frantic final effort 12 miles east of town , according to Oklahoma : Where Energy Reigns , a book on the history the industry in the state published by the Oklahoma Energy Resources Board .
After years of land-buying followed by unsuccessful drilling attempts , the wildcatter — who 'd come to be widely lampooned as “ Dry Hole Slick ” — had his hands on a productive discovery well in what became the Cushing Field .
News of the strike spread , as did other drilling operations in the Cushing-Drumright Field , which was celebrated by wildcatters and investors for its high-quality crude and highly productive wells .
Oklahoma Historical Society / Devon/Dunning Petroleum Industry Collection
Production peaked during World War I . In August 1914 , the field was producing 58,000 barrels a day . Six months later it had ballooned to 90,000 barrels a day , and by 1919 Cushing was producing 300,000 barrels a day , which amounted to 17 percent of all oil marketed in Oklahoma and about 3 percent of global production , according to the book .
This concentration attracted investors , who added storage capacity and built refineries . By the time the area 's oil production started drying up in the 1940s , the fields were a snarl of storage tanks and Cushing had adopted the identity as the pipeline crossroads of the world .
Refining and Reliability
Cushing 's vast pipeline network first transported oil from the field to the town center , where the crude was refined and shipped out on rail cars .
Much of the nation 's oil surplus was consumed by World War II , and policymakers turned to foreign reserves to supplement domestic production .
The last of Cushing 's big refineries closed in the 1980s , but the pipeline network and tank farms remained — and expanded .
Cushing is one of the world 's biggest oil hubs , but its network of pipelines was n't built for the modern market , industry officials , researchers and economists tell StateImpact Oklahoma . While oil was once transported through Oklahoma on its way to refineries in the north-Midwest , the market now needs it in the Texas Gulf Coast , where about one-quarter of the country 's oil is refined .
Joe Wertz / StateImpact Oklahoma
“ It 's reliability of supply , ” says Larry Springer , a senior manager for Enbridge Energy , the Alberta-based oil and natural gas transport and distribution giant .
Basically : Gulf Coast refineries ca n't count on a reliable supply of West Texas Intermediate , so they 've been buying its more expensive competitor , the Brent crude .
Because of booming production in Canada and from oil-shale plays in North Dakota , refineries in the Midwest are maxed out . West Texas Intermediate has been stockpiling in Cushing , and the price has been flagging . Brent was selling for $ 16 more per barrel than WTI when the markets closed on Monday .
Economically , that 's bad for Oklahoma oil producers and royalty owners , says Cody Bannister with the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association . With the current oil price gap , Oklahoma is losing more than $ 60 million a year in tax revenue , he says .
Mid-continent producers want to drain Cushing 's oil glut and reduce the price gap between their product and its chief competitor .
Joe Wertz / StateImpact Oklahoma
Cushing today is a constant construction site . A lot of old tanks — some on the Enbridge lot date back to the 1920s — are being updated or replaced , but much of the construction is new , and massive .
In Cushing , tanks and pipelines go hand-in-hand , and neither are built on spec , Springer says . He wo n't go into detail about the breakdown of Enbridge 's customer base — a mix of refineries , producers and investors — but Springer says much of the frenzy is pipeline-related .
“ A lot of it is being built in anticipation that there are going to be additional access to markets with these new pipelines , ” he says .
Fluid Dynamics
Related Topics What Oil and Natural Gas Mean to Big-Energy Oklahoma
Pipeline reliability comes with a price . It means monetary investment and political exposure . And the bigger a pipeline project gets the more political it becomes .
TransCanada 's Keystone XL pipeline — which would have transported crude from the oil-sands of Alberta through Cushing on its way to the Gulf Coast — became a policy football when President Barack Obama rejected the company 's proposal in January .
Obama said it needed more study because it would cross the ecologically sensitive Sand Hills region of Nebraska . Republicans and energy executives said Obama was bowing to pressure from environmental activists .
Campaigning in Oklahoma , Republican presidential primary candidates Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum both cheered oil and natural gas drilling , and assailed federal regulation of the energy industry .
Joe Wertz / StateImpact Oklahoma
In February , TransCanada announced plans to continue with the 485-mile Cushing-to-Texas portion of the pipeline while it worked out the northern segment 's route , which Nebraska lawmakers are now on the verge of approving , the Associated Press reports .
In March , Obama made a rare visit to a muddy pipe yard in Oklahoma and pledged his support for Keystone Gulf , the southern pipeline segment .
“ I 'm directing my administration to cut through the red tape , break through the bureaucratic hurdles , and make this project a priority , ” Obama told the crowd at the event , which was closed to the public and consisted largely of supporters and news media .
Obama issued an executive order to create a steering committee to improve permitting processes in general , and a memo that directed federal agencies to coordinate and expedite their reviews to speed up decisions on domestic pipeline projects .
TransCanada
Republicans , like Oklahoma Gov . May Fallin , said Obama was just giving speeches and taking undue credit .
“ The president is here in Oklahoma taking credit for successes in oil and gas production that his administration has nothing to do with and , in many cases , continues to actively obstruct , ” Fallin said .
Drain Game
The Keystone Gulf pipeline alone is n't enough to drain Cushing 's crude clog , experts say .
There 's already an oil pipeline between Cushing and the Gulf Coast , but it was built to move oil north . That could change as early as mid-May . The Seaway pipeline — a joint project of Enbridge and Enterprise Products Partners — is being configured to run in reverse . Seaway is expected to move 150,000 barrels per day this year and expand to 400,000 a day by next year . TransCanada says Keystone Gulf will be transporting about 700,000 barrels a day by mid-2013 .
Enbridge 's Springer says it 's not a race . Seaway would n't be reversed and Keystone Gulf would n't be built if the two companies did n't already have transport contracts in place and customers in line .
“ There 's going to be need for more than one or two pipelines out of Cushing to meet the market demand , ” he says .
If you happen to watch CNN , you 'll know that the network has become a front for the Clinton Campaign and a bastion for spreading liberal nonsense . Now , a report by one of its own journalists has found that CNN has also taken bribes from foreign countries .
The CNN reporter who blew the lid on this issue was none other than Amber Lyon , formerly employed by CNN and an “ award winning reporter. ” Yesterday , Lyon “ blew the cover ” on the network 's suspicious business practices .
Lyon claims that CNN “ is paid by the U.S. government for reporting on some events , and not reporting on others. ” Lyon also told us that the network is a tool for the Obama Administration to manipulate the information the American Public gets to see .
Lyon claims that Obama has been controlling what we know through CNN , her former employer .
Lyon 's findings suggesting that the network acted as an information filter for the Obama Whitehouse has confirmed the suspicions of many that government corruption reaches far into supposedly non government sectors of America .
A few years ago , Lyon was interviewed by Joe Rogan , and revealed some very shocking testimony concerning her reporting of the 2011 Arab Spring Protests in Bahrain .
Lyons being interviewed by Joe Rogan about her experience reporting the 2011 Arab Spring in Bahrain
During Lyon 's interview with Joe Rogan , she explained that she and another female colleague were part of a 4-person team sent by CNN to Bahrain in 2011 . Arriving in Bahrain , Lyon noticed something very odd- the United States government had been supplying over $ 1 billion worth in weaponry- including tear gas- to the oppressive Bahraini regime looking to suppress popular protests in the country .
Lyon was threatened by United States government personnel while staying on a U.S. Navy base in Bahrain . She was told not to report the incident , or face grave consequences .
Instead , CNN told her to be quiet and not report the Bahraini government 's suppression of peaceful protests , but was forced to report complete lies .
Bahraini police forces violently suppress protestors in 2011
The Guardian confirms much of Lyon 's testimony , and tells us that the CNN journalists themselves were victims of oppression from the Bahraini authorities :
“ The CNN crew itself was violently detained by regime agents . As they described it after returning to the US , “ 20 heavily-armed men ” , whose faces were “ covered with black ski masks ” , “ jumped from military vehicles ” , and then “ pointed machine guns at ” the journalists , forcing them to the ground . The regime 's security forces seized their cameras and deleted their photos and video footage , and then detained and interrogated them for the next six hours . ”
Right now , Amber Lyon is trying to get the word out that the Obama Administration and CNN have worked together to support a brutal , repressive regime and silence journalists who are only doing their jobs to report the truth .
Please share this article so that we can raise awareness for the injustices suffered by Amber Lyon , and for the outright corruption in the mainstream media .
Shapiro : The smug blind Left Is Trump 's best friend
On Saturday night , Samantha Bee hosted the much-ballyhooed “ Not The White House Correspondents ' Dinner. ” The dinner was retitled , of course , because President Trump was n't enough of a rube to subject himself to three hours of barbs and put-downs by leftists who did n't vote for him , and see him as a joke and disdain his voters .
At the dinner , Bee trotted out in a white pantsuit , looking like Kristin Chenoweth playing Hillary Clinton in an alternate-reality version of the 2016 election . “ Your job has never been harder , ” she gushed to the assembled members of the self-pleasuring press . “ You expose injustice against the weak , and you continue to fact-check the president as if he might someday get embarrassed . Tonight is for you . ”
Shortly after this ode to the bravery of journalists who maintained silence for eight years of President Barack Obama 's lies on Iran and health care — and his Department of Justice targeting the Associated Press and Fox News — Bee appeared on CNN with Jake Tapper .
There , she explained of her nearly unwatchable mess of a show , “ Full Frontal ” : “ I do the show for me and for people like me , and I do n't care how the rest of the world sees it , quite frankly . … We birth it , and then the world receives it however they want to receive it. ” During the entirety of this statement , a smug grin was plastered across her face .
Here 's a basic rule of thumb : In order to be smug , you generally have to be unaware of your smugness . Bee fits the bill . So do the members of the White House press corps . There is plenty to question about President Trump 's administration — from his shifting promises to his knee-jerk reversals , from his policy vagaries to his staffing chaos .
But instead of approaching the American people as potential friends to be convinced , smug leftists treat them as ignoramuses ; there 's no sincerity involved . Every critique of Trump supporters lumps them all together , and then treats them as gum stuck to the bottom of the shoe of the republic .
Samantha Bee and company have the unmistakable air of the bullies from every high school and college comedy : preening self-obsessed rich kids who sneer at the “ losers ” who inhabit the hallways , and plan pool parties and taunt the poor kids who ca n't afford anything better than a beat-up Pinto .
The journalist/Hollywood clique is Greg Marmalard from “ Animal House , ” Rod from “ Breaking Away , ” and Regina George from “ Mean Girls. ” They 're smug . They 're liberal . And that 's what drives Trump support .
Trump knows this . That 's why he skipped the correspondents ' dinner and instead went to Pennsylvania , where he held a rally and hilariously declared , “ A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation 's capital right now. ” It was the best moment for Trump since his speech to a joint session of Congress .
Trump may not be popular among the cool kids . But he 's cool enough among them to win supporters in the swing states . If the cool kids do n't cut it out , they 'll get eight years to mock him and be smug in their assurance that they know what the American people want better than they do .
Ben Shapiro , 33 , is a graduate of UCLA and Harvard Law School , host of “ The Ben Shapiro Show ” and editor-in-chief of DailyWire.com . He is The New York Times best-selling author of “ Bullies. ” He lives with his wife and two children in Los Angeles . To find out more about Ben Shapiro and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate website at www.creators.com .
COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM
When dogs are dropped by mushers at a checkpoint , they stay in the custody of the veterinarians until a flight arrives to transport them to a location where handlers can claim them . Today a flight cam in from Manley with dogs . The dogs find temporary lodging at the Millennium Hotel in Anchorage . It 's a dog yard with a view of the lake not to mention plenty of people who are willing to give these athletes lots of attention . and vets who provide expert care .
Dogs are transported from the airport to the Millennium in a large dog trailer . As soon as they arrive , they are scanned for their micro-chip and then re-examined by the vets in this dropped dog lot . They get straw and blankets then they 're served kibble and water .
One young dog from Rohn Buser 's team was pretty interested in everything that was going on , people and planes coming and going . Other older dogs with a little less puppy energy were interested in this new place but also realized it would be nice to nap in the warmth of the sun .
The dog to handler ratio was just about one to one . There was a lot of loving going on . It was clear the handlers were happy to be there with the dogs and it was just as clear that the dogs loved the attention they were receiving .
In a large box set back from the dog line were lots and lots of dog sized blankets . A couple of years back , a Teacher on the Trail finalist took on the project of organizing a campaign to provide blankets for the dropped dogs , plenty to go out to each checkpoint and plenty for the dog lots in Anchorage , McGrath and Unalakleet . Zeus , belonging to Becca Moore ( # 47 ) is modeling the work of students from Mrs. Paige 's class in Massachusetts . Other dogs appreciating the blankets in Anchorage today belonged to Travis Beals ( # 56 ) , Jim Lanier ( # 13 ) and Rohn Buser ( # 31 ) .
All the dogs seemed fascinated by a plane that taxied past the Millennium dock and took off from the lake . Yard with a view and lots of entertainment .
Lets Talk Fusions
As we know in steven universe two gems can fuse . And I think the way the fusions are portrayed shows how the two people are differently .
For instance , the fusions could have multiple arms , eyes , or legs .
When we see Opal , she has multiple arms . This can convey that both Amethyst and Pearl take action very differently ! With their combined pupils , it shows they share similar view or can reach a level of understanding , such as protecting Steven .
For Sugalite , multiple arms come into play again , representing different means of taking action , with multiple eyes . Eyes are easily be perceived as different views . Amethyst and Garnet do have different views on situations and means to deal with them , but they can still reach and understanding , as represented by the pupils .
Garnet herself is a fusion of Sapphire and Ruby , and is a very good fusion from the above connections . She can take action in a synced manner , but the difference with Sapphire and Ruby is displayed in the eyes . They clearly have their own views on matters , but with the third eyes , they can make a means of one connection to exchange their views and combine them to a solid one while still keeping their own .
Now imagine all those differences on one form . How much more straining it could be to stay connected
Alexandrite shows the gems clear differences of action and views . Alexandrite also has multiple mouths , showing their possible skew in communication to one another .
Malachite is just the perfect depiction of all these points . Multiple arms , and eyes . Lapis and Jasper clearly do not see the situation the same . The means of taking action is clearly more important than having a stance or being grounded , showing the instability of their personalities together . It also represents their different reasons of fusing ! Jasper wanted to destroy the gems , whereas Lapis wanted to imprison Jasper .
For Stevonnie , both Steven and Connie are good friends . They communicate really well and sync well in battle , such as Sworn to the Sword or Lion : Straight to Video . They are also both human , malformations could not happen , or it could with age and experience .
Basically , a fusion shows the differences of two gems , but also what makes them click .
The issue of there needing to be a broader spectrum of Black stories portrayed on television and in film is valid , but separate from whether or not the story of Roots needs to be told again .
As far as I 'm concerned , you can not tell the story of Roots too many times . Of all the ugliness through which our nation was forged , what was done to Black people and the Native Americans is arguably the ugliest .
The people who say they are tired of seeing these stories are being too myopic . It 's not just about them and their generation . It may be an old story for them , but it is new to younger generations . Of these people that have already consumed Roots for themselves and complain about the re-telling of Roots , how many of them are sharing the story of Roots with younger people ? Some , but I 'm sure many do n't .
How many people of the younger generations have seen the original Roots from 1977 ? As I watched the series , I followed # Roots on Twitter and it appeared that many people who watched have not seen the original . The story pretty much followed the plot points of the original but you could tell by people 's tweets that they did n't know what was going to happen . So there were many new people coming to the story of Roots , and that is a good thing .
One particular reason I welcome the Roots remake is the difference between TV practices and standards in 1977 and 2016 . I was in 3rd grade when the original Roots came out , and make no mistake , it was jarring and the violence was disturbing . But as disturbing as what was portrayed in 1977 was , it only hinted at the the cruel and inhumane way the slaves were treated . It only gave lower grade samples of the sheer brutality of the institution of slavery . That is what I found most disturbing when I saw 12 Years A Slave . The way they shot the brutality of the rapes , and the whippings , and the disregard of the slaves as human beings was horrifying .
In this remake , when they are whipping Kunte Kinte to break him and force him to accept his new name of Toby , the ferocity of this new scene far eclipses what was already a truly barbaric scene in the 1977 production . The difference between the way the 1977 and 2016 productions portrayed Kizzy 's first rape is startling . All people need to see the naked brutality . That 's what it was . This is what was being done to human beings . It is a world of difference when you can show the brutality in 2016 that you had to more so imply in 1977 . It is one thing to know as a fact that there was constant intimidation , or sexual violence , or whippings and lynchings . It is quite another to see it portrayed in all its viciousness . In the 2016 production , when you see a pregnant slave collapse while she is working in the cotton field and her last act is to deliver her baby from her dying body , it hurts your heart and makes your blood boil . Do n't get me wrong , Roots 1977 did a great job of bringing the barbarity of slavery to the forefront . But because of the more flexible TV standards of today , Roots 2016 is really able to hit you between the eyes with the savage reality of slavery .
We live in a time where the centuries long struggles of Black people in America are getting reduced to a simplified narrative with several recognized sign posts ; Slavery , the Emancipation Proclamation , Segregation , Jackie Robinson breaking the baseball color line , Rosa Parks refusing to give up her seat , MLK ' I have a dream ' , President Lyndon Johnson passing civil rights legislation , Integration , Barack Obama getting elected . Too much is glossed over . People are too quick to render judgments that Black people should be further along than they are because they are short selling the long term effects of slavery ( and reconstruction , and Jim Crow , etc ) . The fact that the reparations conversation is such a non-starter in this country only demonstrates that the effects of this evil institution with its centuries long reach is not fully understood or accepted by many .
As epic a stain on our nation 's fabric as slavery is , do n't think that it ca n't be told through a revisionist voice , that the story ca n't get softened up or diluted . In 2011 , 60 Minutes did a story about an Alabama publisher of Mark Twain 's Huckleberry Finn censoring all instances of the word `` nigger '' from the text , replacing it with the word slave .
60 Minutes segment on the sanitized edition of Huckleberry Finn
In 2010 , the Texas State Board of Education voted for a new social studies curriculum whose guidelines have no mention of the Ku Klux Klan or Jim Crow . The curriculum also teaches that slavery was only a peripheral issue to the American Civil War ( Texas officials : Schools should teach that slavery was 'side issue ' to Civil War ) .
The story of Roots , and the stories of the historic struggles of all peoples need to be told over and over again . Just like in the actual story of Roots itself . Kunta Kinte made sure he told his daughter Kizzy about where he was from , his family , his culture . Each generation in Roots told the next generation about the story of the old African , Kunta Kinte ; where he was born , his tribe , his village name , the name of the river near where he grew up , and the African words he taught Kizzy . In the original production of Roots , when Chicken George is leaving his family to go to England , Kizzy asks him to tell his kids the story of the old African one more time before he goes . If they were n't telling the story over and over and over again , passing along the tale of their family 's journey through oral history , we would n't even have the story of Roots .
As far as some of the Roots 2016 detractors ' gripes that the people who profited from the system of slavery are also profiting from this remake of Roots ... So what ? ? The so-called `` They '' profit from everything . They profit from the romantic comedies , the superhero flicks , the mob movies , the animated films , the period pieces , and on and on . They profit from every story being told . It is `` their '' mass media system . We are all operating in `` their '' matrix . So we should cut off our historic nose to spite their financial face ? ? You know what ? ... they profit from Love & Hip Hop , and Real Housewives , and Soul Plane too . So since they profit from everything , I would just as soon see them profit from a story that Black people need to see . That everybody needs to see .
I do n't understand why some Black people view these particular stories about the Black experience through a lens of shame or scorn . I often hear sentiments like , `` why do we always have to see these jacked up stories about our people ? '' The shame of those stories is on the oppressors . The pride in those stories belongs to the Black people portrayed in Roots , or 12 Years A Slave , or The Help . Yes , they were treated abominably and done dirty and forced to live a meager inhuman existence . And guess what ? ... Black people are still here ! These are not just stories of degradation , These are stories of perseverance . That is a source of pride , not shame . What I would tell people of color who do n't want to see these stories told over and over again , is that the one group of people who want that more than they do is their oppressor . They would love to let the fervor over what happened to your people die down . They would love if you forgot and stopped talking about one of the most shameful things they ever did and have yet to properly address and rectify .
Native Americans do n't ever want people to forget how the U.S. Federal government nearly achieved the complete and systematic genocide of their people . I do n't hear Jewish people ever say that they 're tired of seeing stories about the Holocaust . Never ever . They have a slogan to underscore this . `` Never Forget . '' I do n't see why it should be any different for Black people . Or any people and their struggles . Steven Spielberg spearheads the Shoah Foundation project ; recording the personal testimony of as many living Holocaust survivors as possible before they die . Recording them so their stories can be told and viewed over and over and over and forever . Bravo !
Holocaust Survivor Shoah Testimony
I guess people are conditioned to endure the strife that exists in their lifetime . I ca n't imagine being able to live through one day as a slave , or one day during segregation in the deep south . Or in the 1960s , being brave enough to stare down the fire hoses and attack dogs of Police Chief Bull Connor in Birmingham or be one of the Freedom Riders being pulled off of interstate coach buses and getting beaten to a pulp . And maybe in 50 years there will be Black people that ca n't imagine going through the things that I go through . I suppose that 's progress . But progress goes hand in hand with not forgetting what came before . The perspective of history .
Police dogs and fire hoses attack Black children civil rights protesters
Snoop Dogg says that people should boycott Roots 2016 . In addition to his comments being wrong and on the verge of being irresponsible , I feel he has no standing to say anything about Roots 2016 . He walked the MTV Video Music Awards red carpet with Black women on leashes . Change the background and make the person holding the leashes a white man and you have a scene that could actually be in Roots . He could be a slave trader walking slaves for review at a slave auction . Throughout the generations portrayed in Roots , we see how immeasureable and important the strength of Black women was , and is . Meanwhile , Snoop is friends with a pimp . He glorifies a pimp . An actual pimp . He contributes to making Bishop Don Magic Juan some kind of hood celeb . Snoop is part of the problem . He is in the entertainment business , he has an audience , he has money , and influence , and contacts . Is he developing or investing in one of these other stories he wants to see ? What is he doing besides talking trash about other people who are producing an update of a story that should never be forgotten ? Snoop can report to the doghouse with this foolishness .
Snoop Dogg 's comments on Roots 2016
I feel that some Black people pushing back on Roots 2016 say we need more diverse Black stories other than slave or civil rights narratives as if we do n't have any other type of stories being told . I completely agree that we do need more diverse stories , and more often , but there are other Black stories being told .
But ok , let 's accept people 's pushback on Roots 2016 , that we need more diverse Black stories . How many Black folks made sure they saw the Tuskegee Airmen movie , Red Tails , the same way they lined up for a Dark Knight movie ? How many people made sure they came out to see the recent Jesse Owens biopic , Race , the same way they were on deck to see the latest Marvel movie ? How many people came out to support Denzel when he made The Great Debaters versus the numbers that came out to see him in Training Day ? How many people went to see Pride , Terence Howard 's movie about a 1970s Black swim team , vs. the number of people that went to see Hustle & Flow and came out the theater singing `` It 's hard out here for a pimp '' , or versus the number of people that watch Empire every week ?
We do n't need more diverse Black stories because there are too many slave or segregation stories being told . We need more diverse stories and images being told because of nonsense like Snoop celebrating pimps and walking Black women down a red carpet like golden retrievers . We need more diverse stories being told because of websites like MediaTakeout and WorldStarHipHop , and television shows like Basketball Wives , and Bad Girls Club . Because `` Ratchet TV '' is now an actual and popular genre of television .
We do n't need more diverse Black stories because we see too many civil rights stories . We need more diverse Black stories because some brothers would rather go floss at the strip club and make it rain instead of picking that money up off the floor and buying some stock or real estate so they can create legacy wealth .
We do n't need more diverse Black stories because there are too many stories about the oppression of Black people . We need more diverse stories because some people can wait on the other side of a velvet rope to get into some cheesy club . Because they wait overnight for the new Air Jordans ( I ca n't believe people still do that ) . Because they wait on the ticket line , the ticket holder line , the popcorn line , to see the latest blockbuster movie . But they do n't wait 10 minutes or 30 minutes or however long it takes once every couple of years to vote and participate in elections .
We do n't need more diverse Black stories because the story of Roots is being told too many times . We need more diverse Black stories because too many people can diagram the story of the static between Drake and Meek Mill , or remember the beefs between 50 Cent and damn near everybody , or recount the history of the Nas & Jay-Z battle , or the latest catfight between NeNe Leakes and whomever . But they ca n't offer you the same detail about the issues and progression of this current Presidential election cycle .
I see criticisms online from mostly people my age or older who saw the 1977 broadcast about what was omitted from this 2016 production . And honestly , I wish this remake was as many hours as the 1977 original . But on balance , I liked what I saw and I am glad that the story is being told to a new and younger audience ; an audience that may not know LeVar Burton , John Amos , Leslie Uggams , Ben Vereen or Louis Gossett Jr . If an updated cast piques young people 's interest and gets them to learn the story , I am all for it . From what I saw on Twitter every night , the younger audience that watched was eating it up .
Yes , Roots is just one story . There are indeed endless stories of the Black experience . But if a re-telling of Roots serves as a jump off point and sparks the interest of younger people to seek out other stories and learn more as well as keep the story of Roots alive , I do n't see how that could ever be a bad thing . And it 's not just about them watching Roots . It 's also about creating a new event where all these young people are learning about this story at the same time and communal conversation arising from that .
We need Roots . We need other stories too , but we will always need Roots . Over and over and forever .
IT does n't have to be a headache .
Small business owners have enough to think about without spending time wondering if their IT systems are helping or a hindrance to their business . We specialize in getting business owners and managers to understand their computer needs in simple easy to understand language .
Gone are the days of the dreadful computer guy who gives you the creeps while talking down to you . We are friendly , knowledgable and experts in our field . With over 15 years of experience of small and medium business support we have field tested and proven methods to keep your business secure and online .
We offer a full range of services from cloud migrations , on-premise servers , hardware sales , support and more . From helping you with your e-mail signature to the most complex server and network equipment installations . We also offer monthly unlimited support and maintenance packages at a fixed rate so you can get the help you need while knowing exactly what your costs will be .
Areas of Expertise
In a story you 'll see only on ABC7News.com , a large crowd gathered outside San Francisco 's Moscone Center Sunday for Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference . Most of the developers descending for Monday 's Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference are men , but Apple is putting down $ 50 million to change that hoping to educate more women and minorities.Of the 5,000 people who will hear Apple CEO Tim Cook 's keynote speech , he is especially happy to welcome 350 young scholarship winners . It is part of Apple 's commitment is to develop a more inclusive work force.Cook sat down for an exclusive interview with ABC7 News to explain why they want to strategically expand their workforce . He said , `` The more people you get thinking about something that come at things from a different point of view , you wind up with a much better product that way . `` Some of the students and young developers have already created apps such as a chess game and another game called COLOR5.Harshita Gupta , a senior at Fremont 's Mission San Jose High School , developed an app to access stories from the school paper . She ca n't wait to network and to attend workshops in the days ahead . `` Meeting new people is definitely a big part of it . I 'm not going to be afraid of asking questions and seeming stupid because I think that 's the point of being here , '' she said.Cook was especially impressed by one young woman . `` We just met somebody that 's 12 years old that already has two apps in the app store . This is pretty amazing , '' he said.Kiera Cawley , 12 , has been coding since she was 9 years old . She does n't perceive any barriers holding her back . `` Everyone I meet is always really encouraging and nobody has ever said , 'Oh , you ca n't do it because you 're a girl , '' ' she said.The organizations Apple is supporting to get more women in technology believe inclusion is critical . `` If you look at all the groups that are largely left out of technology , out of the technology workforce , it 's about 70 percent of the population , women , underrepresented minorities , and people with disabilities , '' National Center for Women and Information Technology spokesperson Ruthe Farmer said.Cook is a rock star to these ambitious students . He made a surprise visit at an orientation session and was quickly surrounded by selfie seekers . He expects some of them to be future leaders at Apple . `` If you look at things over a five or 10-year period , I think there could be a sea change in that kind of time frame . I really do , '' he said .
The first annual Congressional Veggie Burger Smackdown—hosted by Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine ( PCRM ) , chef Todd Gray of Washington , DC 's Equinox restaurant , and the Vegetarian Caucus—takes place July 22 as an alternative to Capitol Hill 's Annual Hot Dog Lunch . The vegan event not only gives Capitol Hill staffers the opportunity to try gourmet meat-free fare but also honors state representatives who fight for animal rights . Congressional members and their teams will be able to sample Gray 's FLOTUS burger ( red quinoa and dehydrated black olive burger with vegan blue cheese crumble , shiitake bacon , and red onion marmalade ) and four sauces that celebrate the state fruit and vegetables of four vegetarian representatives : Kyrsten Sinema ( D-AZ ) , Ted Deutch ( D-FL ) , Tulsi Gabbard ( D-HI ) , and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker . The state with the winning sauce earns nutrition education materials for its public K-12 students . “ I think both sides of the aisle can agree that fruit and veggies should replace disease-causing hot dogs on Capitol Hill and in the American diet , ” PCRM president Neal Barnard said .
Want more of today 's best plant-based news , recipes , and lifestyle ?
Get our award-winning magazine ! Subscribe
President Donald Trump 's `` poisonous '' rhetoric during his campaign to win the presidential election led to a global trend in increasingly divisive politics , Amnesty International 's 2016/17 annual report released Wednesday said .
`` Donald Trump 's poisonous campaign rhetoric exemplifies a global trend towards angrier and more divisive politics . Across the world , leaders and politicians wagered their future power on narratives of fear and disunity , pinning blame on the `` other '' for the real or manufactured grievances of the electorate , '' the report titled `` The state of the world 's human rights '' read .
The publication also commented on the instability of the Trump-led administration , saying : `` His predecessor , President Barack Obama , leaves a legacy that includes many grievous failures to uphold human rights , not least the expansion of the CIA 's secretive campaign of drone strikes and the development of a gargantuan mass surveillance machine as revealed by whistleblower Edward Snowden . Yet the early indications from President Trump suggest a foreign policy that will significantly undermine multilateral co-operation and usher in a new era of greater instability and mutual suspicion . ''
Covering 159 countries , the annual report also criticized leaders of other countries like Turkey , Hungary and the Philippines , and said they have used `` powerful narratives of blame , fear and scapegoating , propagated by those who sought to take or cling on to power at almost any cost . ''
`` Instead of fighting for people 's rights , too many leaders have adopted a dehumanizing agenda for political expediency , '' Salil Shetty , secretary general of Amnesty International , said in a statement Wednesday . `` In 2016 , these most toxic forms of dehumanization became a dominant force in mainstream global politics . The limits of what is acceptable have shifted . Politicians are shamelessly and actively legitimizing all sorts of hateful rhetoric and policies based on people 's identity : misogyny , racism and homophobia . ''
The human rights advocacy group warned that 2017 will see more crisis caused by a lack of proper human rights leadership in a `` chaotic world stage . ''
`` With world leaders lacking political will to put pressure on other states violating human rights , basic principles from accountability for mass atrocities to the right to asylum are at stake , '' Shetty said .
Amnesty International 's annual report includes the documentation of serious violations of human rights in various countries during 2016 , and it specifically raised concerns for the future of human rights in the U.S .
`` An election campaign marked by discriminatory , misogynist and xenophobic rhetoric raised serious concerns about the strength of future U.S. commitments to human rights domestically and globally , '' the report said .
The Derrick Rose-less Bulls pushed around the Heat Friday in Miami , collected 19 offensive rebounds , and left South Beach with a 96-89 victory . The bigger story was a referee finally standing up to LeBron James .
A frustrated LeBron ( 30 points ) , was lobbying for a call he was n't going to get in the 4th quarter , and referee Brian Forte got annoyed , shouting , “ HEY LEBRON , ENOUGH ! ” which had to surprise everyone within earshot .
LeBron , with a shocked look on his face , snapped back , and then Ray Allen was tasked with the job of getting LeBron over to the Heat bench . LeBron verbally abused him , telling Allen “ get the fuck off of me ” as he pulled his arm away from the veteran 's grasp .
Who says Superstars get all the calls ? [ video via @ jose3030 ]
On a sunny morning last month , I was swept into the women 's section of the Western Wall in Jerusalem in a flurry of aggression directed at the Women of the Wall , the Israeli group fighting for women 's prayer at Jerusalem 's holiest site .
One of the group 's male supporters , Charlie Kalech , was strangled and thrown to the ground . I was stomped on in the stomach by an enraged man .
Nearly three weeks after this brutal attack , I 've finally woken up from the shock and horror of fellow Jews inflicting bodily harm on me , on Charlie and on other men . It 's time to speak .
Get The Jewish Chronicle Weekly Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Here 's what happened : After we men finished reading the Torah in our simultaneous service , a woman took the Torah through a gate in the mechitzah , the fence separating the genders . We broke out in spontaneous song and dance . It was pure joy to know that Torah — a gift given by God to all of us — would be chanted by women at the Kotel .
The morning continued peacefully for perhaps another 15 minutes or so . For an instant it seemed as though the violence that had previously marred women 's prayer at the Kotel might just be avoided .
Then a handful of men showed up . They manhandled us , attempting to get to the gate in the mechitzah , their intentions unclear but their demeanor aggressive .
Charlie and I were near the gate . We tried to hold our ground against larger men , but the gate was somehow opened . Charlie called out for the police and was assaulted .
I saw an ultra-Orthodox man trying to charge through . He appeared violent .
In that moment there were no good choices . Let him run through and perhaps hurt someone ? Use myself , my body , as a barricade ?
I wrapped my arms around him and used my body as deadweight to bring him to the ground .
On the ground , I felt the headpiece of my tefillin coming off . My focus shifted to protecting the tefillin from hitting the stone — an ironic mistake regarding my own safety . I took the head piece in my left hand , breaking my grip on the man , who jumped up and stomped on my stomach . Taking the headpiece in my hand , I called out for someone to take it from me , breaking my grip on the man , who jumped up and stomped on my stomach .
To the man who stomped on me : I 'm disgusted by your behavior . You are the face of sinat chinam , baseless hatred by Jew against Jew . I am still injured and in pain . Yet , this is what I said in synagogue last Shabbat : “ Do not hate the man who stomped on me . Rail against his misogyny , object to what he was taught , condemn his behavior , seek justice against his violence , if that 's even possible , and seek change in Israeli democracy . But do n't use what happened to me to justify hate or prejudice of anyone . ”
To my daughters : I 'm sorry for the fear this caused . I 'll continue to participate in the struggle . I promise to do it as a supporter , a poet , a writer — but not as a 155-pound untrained middle linebacker . The cause of Women of the Wall is just . The call to religious freedom is holy . I swear by peaceful resistance .
To those who would stomp on Jewish practices not their own : Tyranny never survives , but there are casualties along the way . Stop preaching hate . Stop trying to control Jewish practice with oppression and violence . This will not earn a place in heaven . It harms us as a people .
To the Israeli government : It 's time to run Jewish religious sites equitably and responsibly . We all should be able to pray at the Kotel according to our diverse and beautiful traditions . The Supreme Court ruling that women can read Torah at the Kotel should be enforced .
To those who 've given up on the Kotel : Have you forgotten how you felt on that day in 1967 when the Kotel was won ? Have you forgotten the day you first touched those majestic stones ? Have you forgotten that we pray daily for a renewed and rebuilt Zion ? There should be thousands of us at the Kotel demanding that the governing authorities at the Western Wall uphold the law of the land . The Kotel should not be a de facto haredi Orthodox synagogue . None of our holy sites should be run by any one branch of our great tradition .
Real men stand with women who fight injustice , with women willing to face violence and arrest to claim the rights denied them . When called upon , real men put themselves on the front lines . But the heroes are the women who have fought this fight year in and year out .
The fact that I helped is a privilege . I believe that this act earned us merit in heaven . If not , so be it . It should . Either way , that 's between me and God .
No man has the right to plant his foot in my gut . No man has the right to shove Charlie to the ground . No man has the right to deny Torah to women .
Alden Solovy is a Jewish poet , liturgist and teacher . He is the author of “ Haggadah Companion : Meditations and Readings . ”
While the original Saints Row felt familiar to fans of the open-world crime genre , its sequel separated itself from the pack with almost cartoonish over-the-top action . Whether you were chainsawing elderly people in half or spraying a pool party down with a poop truck , the franchise was clearly heading in its own direction . Saints Row : The Third takes things a step forward as the most insane installment yet , and it 's our April cover .
The cover above will be going out to our subscribers , while the cover below will be available on newsstands .
We 'll have ten pages of information about Saints Row : The Third , including all the details on the new city and the shady Syndicate crime ring that controls it . This issue also includes a feature on Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning , the ambitious RPG developed by Big Huge Games and Curt Schilling 's 38 Studios . Being our April issue , you can also look forward to our annual parody of the industry in Game Infarcer .
Check out page 2 for the official THQ press release regarding Saints Row : The Third , and keep an eye on our hub all month long for more coverage .
Official THQ press release :
STRAP IT ON THIS HOLIDAY WITH SAINTS ROW® : THE THIRD
THQ and Volition Inc. Take Open-World Action Over the Top and Then Some in Next Installment of Vaunted Franchise .
AGOURA HILLS , Calif. – March 3 , 2011 – THQ Inc. ( NASDAQ : THQI ) and Volition , Inc. today announced the upcoming release of Saints Row : The Third , the highly-anticipated next installment in the multi-million unit selling Saints Row franchise .
Developed by Volition , Inc. , Saints Row : The Third is scheduled for release on the Xbox 360 video game and entertainment system from Microsoft , PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system , and Windows PC this holiday season .
“ Saints Row : The Third puts you on top of the world , right at the beginning of the game , with all the perks that go along with being the head of an elite criminal organization , ” said Danny Bilson , THQ Executive Vice President , Core Games . “ There 's no delivering pizza , no shuttling family members about in a long series of taxi missions . Instead , you take all the power of the Third Street Saints and you take the world by storm . ”
The first details of Saints Row : The Third will be revealed in the exclusive cover story in Game Informer 's April issue , shipping to subscribers in early March 2011 .
About Saints Row : The Third
Years after taking Stilwater for their own , the Third Street Saints have evolved from street gang to household brand name , with Saints sneakers , Saints energy drinks and Johnny Gat bobble head dolls all available at a store near you . The Saints are kings of Stilwater , but their celebrity status has not gone unnoticed . The Syndicate , a legendary criminal fraternity with pawns in play all over the globe , has turned its eye on the Saints and demands tribute . Refusing to kneel to the Syndicate , you take the fight to a new city , playing out the most outlandish gameplay scenarios ever seen . Strap it on .
I 've subscribed to The New Yorker for many years , and devour each issue within a few days after it arrives , often reading every article . And yet the magazine has two features that irritate me . The most important is that there are far too many pieces that do n't say very much , but say it in very good English . The meaty articles of yore have largely disappeared , replaced with pop-culture stuff or simply pieces that read well but leave one unsatisifed . Less important , but still annoying , is the magazine 's occasional critiques of atheism and its soft-pedaling of religion . The editors know very well that any hard-core questioning of faith wo n't go down well with its readers .
Both of these annoyances are in view in James Wood 's critique of atheism in the latest issue , “ Is that all there is ? Secularism and its discontents. ” ( Wood , an English professor at Harvard , is a superb literary critic but , as we 've seen on this site , likes to take an occasional swipe at atheism [ see also here ] . ) Wood , apparently a nonbeliever , is undergoing a mid-life crisis : he 's reading the obituaries of his contemporaries and is beset day and night with the Big Questions of cosmic purpose and meaning . ( Wood includes among these , “ How could there be no design , no metaphysical purpose ? ” and ” Can it be that every life—beginning with my own , my husband 's , my child 's , and spreading outward—is cosmically irrelevant ? ” ) .
Wood does n't fathom that for many of us those questions do n't matter , because we know that there is no cosmic purpose and meaning to our life , only the meaning we impute to it ourself .
These are theological questions without theological answers , and , if the atheist is not supposed to entertain them , then , for slightly different reasons , neither is the religious believer . Religion assumes that they are not valid questions because it has already answered them ; atheism assumes that they are not valid questions because it can not answer them . But as one gets older , and parents and peers begin to die , and the obituaries in the newspaper are no longer missives from a faraway place but local letters , and one 's own projects seem ever more pointless and ephemeral . . .
Note that this paragraph sounds good , in typical New Yorker style , but says very little except that Wood is having an existential crisis . Religion does not assume that the Big Questions are invalid : many religious people consider that those questions are unanswered , and their faith is a constant quest for answers . And even if the faithful considered them answered , why does that make them invalid ? As for atheists , we consider the questions invalid because we have answered them : they are meaningless things to ask , akin to asking “ what is the purpose of a pebble ” ? The universe is a physical system without teleological purpose or god-imputed meaning .
Wood then tarts up his short essay with erudite references to Virginia Woolf , Max Weber , and Charles Taylor before he gets to the ostensible subject of the piece , a review of the book The Joy of Secularism : 11 Essays for How We Live Now , edited by George Levine . He does n't much like the book , apparently because it uses the word “ secular ” in two ways : One problem is that it 's not always clear what Levine and his contributors mean by secularism . Some of the time , I think they mean just atheism or practical agnosticism ( i.e. , living without appeal to , or belief in , supernatural agency ) . Such a life is , of course , civically compatible with the continued existence of organized religion . More often , the working definition here is of secularism as a historical force ultimately triumphant and victorious : a vision of the future as an overcoming of religion . What , exactly , is the point of saying that atheism is “ civically compatible ” with organized religion ? That 's just plain dumb . Yes , atheists live in a society full of religious people . That statement is nothing other than a fatuous attempt to say that atheism and religion are compatible . And do the notions of secularism as non-religion or as a social movement bent on overcoming religion differ in any important way ? And then there 's this , which is the last paragraph of his piece : Another difficulty is that , whether or not people did feel full or enchanted in centuries past , religion can not be identified with the promise of fullness or enchantment . Both Christianity and Islam harshly challenge the self with an insistence on submission , sacrifice , and kenosis—an emptying out of the self , an exchange of the wrong kind of fullness for the right kind of humility—and Buddhism seeks to undermine the very idea of the sovereign , unified self . Revolutionary asceticism , which is what these religions in different ways embody , could be said to be hellbent on disenchantment . Classic New Yorker style : saying something in nice words that is either meaningless or wrong . Does Wood not see that both Christianity and Islam reward submission with promises of paradise ? If so , why does he say that “ religion can not be identified with the promise of fullness or enchantment ” ? And Buddhism , while emphasizing one 's liberation from the shackles of ego , can hardly be said to be disenchanting . Rather , it 's fulfilling , a way to find peace in in this world . As for kenosis : well , that 's just a big word that does n't belong here . As far as I can see , this paragraph either says nothing or is wrong . It 's hard to tell . But that 's what happens when the New Yorker confuses florid writing with good thinking .
h/t : IA
Chance for a Change After a decade in the same small New York City apartment , design pro Genevieve Gorder was itching for a change . So when the unit next to hers became available , she jumped at the chance to buy it and combine the two spaces . The 18-month project—documented decision-by-decision on the HGTV show Genevieve 's Renovation—did n't lack surprises . “ Let 's see , there were the uneven floors and the out-of-date wiring , ” Genevieve recalls . “ Oh , and did I mention the HVAC system that had to be ripped out and replaced ? When you 're gutting a 160-year-old space , you have to expect the unexpected . You either go for it or you do n't , and I went for it ! ”
Family Home Her beautiful new home , which features three bedrooms and three bathrooms on two floors , is a haven for Genevieve and her daughter , Bebelle , 6 . It 's filled with Genevieve 's favorite subdued colors plus lots of treasured finds she 's brought back from all over the world . “ It feels refreshing , sophisticated , and very me , ” she says . “ I 'm excited to watch Bebelle grow up here . ”
Living Room With 14-foot-tall ceilings and light-flooded windows , this room could handle a dark wall color . Genevieve painted the walls black , then pumped up the space with pattern-rich textiles and timeworn furniture , including a 110-year-old cabinet originally from a bait and tackle store . The sofa is cream linen from ABC Carpet & Home . “ Place anything in front of black and it becomes more beautiful , more dramatic , and more noticeable , ” Genevieve says . From : Genevieve Gorder
Dining Room Not a fan of formal dining areas— ” I do n't like rooms where you feel like you have to behave ! ” —Genevieve went with mismatched furniture for a more easygoing look . A local blacksmith made the zinc-topped table ; around it sit a mixed bag of seats , including CB2 armchairs and a fuchsia bench from the ABC Carpet & Home outlet . Two pendants—a zodiac-themed globe and a brass egg shape—are hung purposely unaligned over the table . From : Genevieve Gorder
The Key to Built-Ins Do n't let them look too perfect . The controlled chaos of these stacks of books makes me happy . Painting the back of the shelves black makes books and photos pop . From : Genevieve Gorder
Kitchen To-the-ceiling glossy lacquer cabinets serve as a pseudo basement . “ They store everything—Christmas ornaments , my silver , even bed linens , ” says Genevieve , who installed a rolling ladder for easy access . To break up all the white , she added a Calacatta Borghini marble backsplash and island , accented with streaks of gray and gold . Watermark makes the matte black faucets , and the shiny brass pendants are from Hudson Valley Lighting . Recycled woven saris serve as upholstery on these Steven Alan stools . From : Genevieve Gorder
Hallway Even the doors got special attention . The entrance to Genevieve 's bedroom , for example , features this incredible wood piece , which came from a fishing village in southern Morocco . Within the keyhole design are carvings of fishhooks , the sun , and coral . “ My bedroom is my sacred space , and this door really makes it feel that way , ” she says . From : Genevieve Gorder
Office When she 's not filming , Genevieve works out of this converted bedroom . At nearly 10 feet long , her desk—which is actually a raw mahogany dining table by Timothy Oulton—offers plenty of room to spread out . Behind her , metal CB2 shelves hold books , fabric swatches , and her Telly awards . Genevieve laid the floor tiles in a chevron pattern that mimics the herringbone hardwood in the other rooms . From : Genevieve Gorder
Master Bedroom Like much of the apartment , the bedroom is painted Ammonite by Farrow & Ball , an oyster-shell gray that lets the eclectic furniture—like this Indian bed made from old wood fences and columns—take center stage . On either side are sewing-tables-turned-nightstands , each from one of Genevieve 's great-grandmothers . From : Genevieve Gorder
Bathroom What this guest bathroom lacks in space—it measures only five feet by seven feet , with seven-foot-high ceilings—it makes up for in style . “ Using a bold pattern all the way to the ceiling gives the illusion of grandeur , ” says Genevieve . The wall tiles may look like they 're from Morocco or Turkey , but they were actually made by Tabarka Studio in Arizona . The marble sink and brass showerhead feel like luxe versions of antique plumbing fixtures . From : Genevieve Gorder
Bebelle 's Room There 's lots to look at in Bebelle 's room—from the embroidered Moroccan pouf and John Robshaw Textiles bedding to the leaf-print wallpaper from Juju Papers—but the huge swing steals the show . Made from a well-sanded old board and rope mounted securely to the ceiling , “ it 's the kind of thing Bebelle will never forget having , ” says Genevieve . Above the bed ( a family antique that Genevieve painted black ) , a lofted platform provides extra storage . “ When Bebelle is older , she 'll be allowed to have a ladder up to the space , ” says Genevieve . From : Genevieve Gorder
Getty Current EU Parliament President Martin Schulz
The 61-year-old has indicated to party sources that he will not run against the SPD 's Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel . Despite various attempts by the party 's rank and file to persuade the EU mandarin to stand and therefore bring about a membership vote on the issue , Mr Schultz has declined to stand against his colleague , according to local media reports . The two men have a long friendship and Schulz does not want to cause possible divisions within the party .
Getty Martin Schulz ( left ) and Sigmar Gabriel
No official decision will be taken by the party until the end of the month about who will be the party 's candidate for Germany 's top political job that could see the current incumbent Angela Merkel ousted . In the previous two elections , Mr Gabriel had made way for the current Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and former Finance Minister Peer Steinbrück . Party insiders have indicated that if Mr Gabriel did not run , it would weaken his position as the party leader .
'Merkel must go ! ' Protest in Dresden as Merkel arrives to celebrate German Unity Day Mon , October 3 , 2016 Protesters jeered at German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she attended celebrations in Dresden to mark 26 years since Germany 's reunification called German Unity Day . Play slideshow 1 of 14
Mr Gabriel has argued for a disciplined approach to the upcoming general election and has deliberately refused to not show his hand too early . With Mr Schulz now focusing on domestic issues he would be given a boost in his chances with a seasoned politician behind him . The SPD is expected to be in the next government , either in another coalition with Ms Merkel 's Christian Democrats or as the leader of a left-wing coalition together with the Greens and Left party . Mr Schulz would be well-poised for a senior position , whatever the outcome , possibly for years to come .
Getty SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel is expected to be the party 's candidate for Chancellor
After practice Tuesday afternoon , Joe Johnson went through a dress rehearsal for his Three-Point Shootout appearance on Saturday in New Orleans .
Joe Johnson scored 23 twice in his 3-point contest practice . Says players get choice of putting all money balls on one rack of their choice — Ohm Youngmisuk ( @ NotoriousOHM ) February 11 , 2014
It is an interesting development that players will get to choose where they want to put the `` money balls , '' or balls that are worth two , any place they want on the floor . Jason Kidd said that Johnson is best from the corners , so one can expect to see the money balls coming at the beginning or the end . A matter of fact , Johnson is best from the left wing , but is also quite efficient from the corners this season .
This will be Johnson 's second appearance in the event . In 2005 , Johnson was selected to the event and was underwhelming , scoring just eight points , and being knocked out in the first round . Johnson plans on taking the contest much more seriously this year .
Johnson did n't prepare for last 3-point contest he was in . This time he 's `` gon na be taped up , arm sleeve on '' like it 's a game . # nets — Alex Raskin ( @ alexraskinNYC ) February 11 , 2014
Here is video of Johnson going through a round of the contest .
Also at practice , Jason Kidd ran through some trials of a Three-Point Shootout himself , posting scores of 13 , 13 , 16 , and 27 . Coach Kidd seems to still got it . And if after watching , you 're wondering if Kidd could be a player coach , forget it . The new CBA does n't allow it .
Joe rehearses for Saturday 's 3-point contest - Ohm Youngmisuk - ESPN New York
`` Edathy belongs in the nuthouse , '' was the comment from the general secretary of the Christian Social Union Andreas Scheuer in March this year . The reason for Scheuer 's outburst was an interview in Der Spiegel given by Sebastian Edathy - the former SPD ( Social Democratic Party ) member of the Bundestag , who also chaired the investigation committee into the terrorist activities of the far-right extremist group the NSU .
In the interview , Edathy commented on accusations that he had possessed child pornography . He admitted purchasing pictures of naked boys , but denied purchasing child pornography . He also defended himself against the accusation that he was a pedophile . Edathy referred to `` the long history of the exhibition of naked boys in art '' and insisted that he had done `` nothing wrong . ''
Edathy has been accused of possessing child porn
As the affair unfolded it became increasingly clear that the 44-year-old regarded himself as a victim : of the investigators , of the media , and of his old political companions . Edathy did n't want to stand around and do nothing . He fought back . He made two official complaints about the searching of his private apartment and the confiscation of evidence from his parliamentary computer . He did n't even stop short of going to the constitutional court in Karlsruhe . There too , as with his other complaints , he was unsuccessful .
Developments since the Spiegel interview
A lot has happened since the Spiegel interview in March . Firstly , the legal situation in Germany has changed . It is now a crime to take pictures of children and young people naked in order to sell or exchange the photos . From now on , the statute of limitations on sex crimes will also be longer . So-called `` cybergrooming '' will be punished more comprehensively . `` Cybergrooming '' means attempts by an adult to make contact with children on the Internet under false pretenses to coax them into performing sexual acts .
For Edathy himself , things are getting more difficult . Initially there was a lot of speculation and talk of legal grey areas and mistakes made by the investigation committee . Now , though , the weight of suspicious evidence against him can scarcely be denied : Following months of scrutiny , the regional court in Verden has allowed the indictment to proceed . The trial will begin on February 23 .
It does n't look good for him . In the court 's opinion , it is `` probable '' that Edathy can be proven to have repeatedly downloaded photos that were `` morally damaging to juveniles . '' Edathy is said to have downloaded the pictures seven times in total between November 2013 and February 2014 , on his work laptop alone . The state prosecutor also accuses him of possessing an illustrated book and a CD that had `` youth pornographic '' content .
The political dimension
Investigations by Canadian officials into an international child pornography ring were what got the ball rolling . They focused on one company in particular : Azov Films . As was later made public by the prosecution , Edathy ordered films and photos of underage boys from Azov Films on many occasions between 2005 and 2010 . When the Canadians turned over their findings to Interpol , the case made its way across the Atlantic and Edathy came into the firing line of the German Federal Criminal Police Office , the BKA .
In October 2013 leading officials in the BKA and in Berlin political circles were aware of the investigation into the SPD 's upcoming political hopeful . Fear grew that the public might get wind of it , and at the beginning of February Sebastian Edathy resigned from his posts `` for health reasons . ''
A few days later Thomas Oppermann , who is now head of the SPD parliamentary group , announced to the press that the interior minister at the time , Hans-Peter Friedrich , had already informed the SPD leadership about the investigation back in the autumn . It was an assertion with consequences : Friedrich was accused of `` violating official secrets , '' and the CSU politician was forced to resign . Friedrich reacted with incomprehension to criticism of his decision to pass on information , saying later that everyone apart from `` legal positivists and shyster lawyers '' would have done the same .
Oppermann may have kept Edathy up to speed on his case
SPD in the firing line
Friedrich 's party , the CSU , also reacted with irritation , accusing its SPD coalition partner of being `` garrulous . ''
Oppermann and the whole of the SPD leadership may now find their behavior boomeranging back on them . Edathy himself has made serious accusations against his former friends in the party . He says that , even after knowing for weeks that he was being investigated , Oppermann had promised him several `` high-ranking '' jobs in the new government , including the posts of parliamentary state secretary or deputy parliamentary party leader .
To prove his accusations against his own party colleagues , Edathy has disclosed his entire text messaging history . This is now in the hands of Stern magazine . One particularly problematic detail is a text message from Oppermann to Edathy on 8 February , in which he offers Edathy his assistance , and assures him he will be able to help him make a `` new start '' - all at a point when the investigators had long had Edathy in their sights .
The opposition is now demanding that Oppermann too should appear before the investigation committee . And for Andreas Scheuer the affair is perfectly clear : `` This Edathy scandal is also a scandal of the SPD . ''
Breedlove asked , `` How do we recognize , how do we characterize and then how do we attribute this new employment of the military in a way that is built to bring about ambiguity ? ''
Like the US , most European countries already have state-funded media arms . But the West sees Russia 's recent forays into foreign broadcasting as a cynical ploy to spread disinformation , particularly about its alleged involvement in eastern Ukraine . Breedlove contended that Russian government reporting is particularly worrisome because the Kremlin 's involvement can be `` hidden . ''
`` The way to attack the false narrative is to drag the false narrative into the light and expose it , '' Breedlove , an American , told a forum in Brussels .
On Sunday , Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's Supreme Allied Commander Europe , said there was a `` need as a Western group of nations or as an alliance to engage in this informational warfare . ''
One year after the Russian annexation of Crimea from Ukraine , the European Union and NATO want to step up an information campaign to counter what they 've called `` false narratives '' disseminated by the Kremlin .
Read more
One year after the Russian annexation of Crimea from Ukraine , the European Union and NATO want to step up an information campaign to counter what they 've called `` false narratives '' disseminated by the Kremlin .
On Sunday , Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's Supreme Allied Commander Europe , said there was a `` need as a Western group of nations or as an alliance to engage in this informational warfare . ''
`` The way to attack the false narrative is to drag the false narrative into the light and expose it , '' Breedlove , an American , told a forum in Brussels .
Like the US , most European countries already have state-funded media arms . But the West sees Russia 's recent forays into foreign broadcasting as a cynical ploy to spread disinformation , particularly about its alleged involvement in eastern Ukraine . Breedlove contended that Russian government reporting is particularly worrisome because the Kremlin 's involvement can be `` hidden . ''
Breedlove asked , `` How do we recognize , how do we characterize and then how do we attribute this new employment of the military in a way that is built to bring about ambiguity ? ''
Related : Talking Heads : The European Union vs. Russia
Last summer , the US began a social media campaign to publicize its version of the events in Ukraine , but Russia was quick to co-opt the American hashtag # UnitedForUkraine to disseminate its own messages . The United Kingdom , meanwhile , has reportedly created a special unit to serve as `` Facebook warriors '' in the online battle against its former Cold War nemesis .
Still , Western diplomats feel their efforts are falling short . Last week , the EU 's European Council said that its top foreign policy official , Frederica Mogherini , would spearhead an effort to `` challenge Russia 's ongoing disinformation campaigns . '' The Council requested that Mogherini assemble by June a plan to enhance Europe 's `` strategic communication . ''
'Russian propaganda is effective because there 's some interesting combination of entertainment and regular news with the Kremlin 's message inserted . '
An EU official who spoke to VICE News on the condition of anonymity said the plans were still in their nascent stage .
`` There have been concerns in Europe for at least half a year to a year that there is not enough independent media coming out , and about propaganda from the Russian side , '' the official said .
`` The EU is not going to start doing its own propaganda , '' the official stressed . With 28 member states , the bloc has found itself playing catch-up , and merely coming up with uniform messaging is still a problem , the official said . `` This is about how all EU member states and the different leaders can better communicate . ''
Though Soviet-era state-owned news agencies like TASS and RIA Novosti continue to operate , it is Russia Today ( RT ) , the Kremlin 's international television network , that has most intensely covered Ukraine — along with other global news stories — outside of Russia .
Founded in 2005 , RT is now is broadcast on cable and satellite channels on six continents . RT 's web content , which accrues millions of clicks and views on sites such as YouTube , have furthered the Kremlin 's reach beyond the wildest dreams of Soviet propagandists .
Much of RT 's coverage is local , focusing on the indiscretions of US officials , police brutality in American cities , and other topics along those lines . But the network has devoted prominent coverage to Ukraine in almost every region .
Related : Russia says it could put nukes in Crimea , and they might already be there
A poll that appeared Monday on RT 's English language site asked readers what would happen if Western countries sent arms and troops to aid the Ukrainian government . The possible responses were `` Help Kiev spill more blood , '' `` Deter the rebels and end the fighting , '' `` Provoke Russia into escalating the conflict , '' and deeming the move `` irrelevant , since Ukraine is broken . ''
Robert Orttung , assistant director of the Institute for European , Russian and Eurasian Studies at George Washington University , told VICE News that Russia 's propaganda has , in some targeted settings , proven successful — though what exactly the Kremlin is trying to accomplish is still up for debate .
`` Russian propaganda is effective because there 's some interesting combination of entertainment and regular news with the Kremlin 's message inserted , '' Orttung said . `` It 's wrapped up in this infotainment mix , and it 's very hard for governments to counter it . ''
Between January 19 and February 19 , according to numbers pulled by Orttung and his colleagues , viewers watched videos from RT 's main English language YouTube channel more than 10 million times . RT 's Spanish service , which has some 350,000 subscribers , enjoyed nearly 5 million views in the same period ; their Arabic service drew an audience of 5.46 million . Dwarfing them all was the 20 million views of its Russian-language account , which features the videos that Russian-speaking residents of eastern Ukraine would be most likely to watch .
RT America only had around 1 million views during Orttung 's research period , and he said Russian officials understand they are n't going to change the minds of many American viewers about events in Ukraine . But Kremlin-friendly coverage could , for instance , rile up residents in Russian enclaves in Eastern Europe and the Baltic states . To that end , EU officials are considering their own Russian-language programs .
Elsewhere in the EU , RT has merely focused on existing societal and political schisms , devoting coverage to anti-EU parties such as Greece 's Syriza and Spain 's Podemos . For a Russian leadership fearful of NATO 's encroachment in its backyard , whatever presence it can muster in those countries is an achievement in its own right , Orttung said . In Spain , for instance , about a third of all video views were of what Orttung and his colleagues deemed human-interest stories .
Related : Russia 's Ghost Army in Ukraine ( Full Length )
Arabic coverage likewise tends to feature stories in the Middle East and North Africa , though it can seem to take stances deemed controversial by Western leaders , such as pushing the official line of Russian ally Bashar al-Assad in Syria .
In an age where internet users expect news immediately , Orttung said RT has in some ways proved more adept at incorporating new technologies than its Western competitors .
`` You do n't need a huge amount of resources to have videos that go viral , and in fact it 's often the low production values that are most interesting and viral , '' said Orttung . `` If you look at these techniques , there 's a certain allure to the way they present themselves . ''
Follow Samuel Oakford on Twitter : @ samueloakford
Last year , Nottingham City Council decided to introduce charges for on-street parking on Sundays and evenings in the city . As soon as the councillors announced their intention , the city centre churches began demanding exemptions .
The charges were introduced in November 2011 and church members were offered a £50 prepaid permit book , representing savings of around £70 per year . Other discounts , not as generous , were offered to patrons of some ( but not all ) city centre restaurants and of two cinemas .
In a BBC radio interview last week , Nottingham Secular Society 's president , Dennis Penaluna , criticised the city council 's decision . He said : `` We believe that if there has to be a law , a regulation or rule ; then those laws , etc . should be applied equally to everyone . It is a simple and basic principle . So when you get self-serving and self-interested groups coming along , they should not be given exemptions and privileges purely on the basis of having a religious belief . ''
On the same show the previous day , the Dean of Nottingham 's Roman Catholic Cathedral , Rev . Geoffrey Hunton , claimed that the church had lost 10 % of its congregation since the introduction of the scheme and continued to demand free parking for churchgoers .
This week , in a complete volte face , the same Rev . Hunton is asking the City Council to repeal the extension . He feels the vouchers , or permits , have had little effect .
Mr. Penaluna commented : `` It appears the Cathedral has concluded that the only way it can get free parking is if everyone is treated equally . `` That must be quite a novel concept for the Roman Catholic hierarchy . ''
He added that he has sent Freedom of Information request to the City Council asking if the same discounted privileges would be extended to the City 's Muslim and Jewish communities on Fridays .
The legal team that overturned California 's ban on same-sex marriage is targeting Virginia to launch another challenge aimed at convincing the Supreme Court that gays and lesbians have a constitutional right to marry no matter where they live .
The American Foundation for Equal Rights — with its attention-getting political odd couple of conservative Republican lawyer Theodore Olson and liberal Democrat David Boies — will announce Monday it is joining a lawsuit against what the lawyers called Virginia 's “ draconian ” laws prohibiting same-sex marriages , the recognition of such marriages performed where they are legal , and civil unions .
It is one of dozens of lawsuits filed across the nation by same-sex marriage activists who say they feel emboldened by the Supreme Court 's decisions in June that overturned the federal Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) that forbade recognition of same-sex marriages and separately allowed such unions to resume in California .
Despite the victories , the justices stopped short of finding that the Constitution requires that gays and lesbians be allowed to marry and left the matter , for now , to the states .
There are dozens of lawsuits filed in state and federal courts in 18 states , according to the Human Rights Campaign , and on Friday , a state judge in New Jersey ruled same-sex marriages must be allowed there . Gov . Chris Christie ( R ) is appealing .
Attorneys Theodore Olson , left , and David Boies depart the Supreme Court after no decision in the Defense of Marriage Act case on June 24 . ( Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post )
But the ultimate goal is the recognition of a constitutional right , such as when the Supreme Court struck down Virginia 's ban on interracial marriages in the 1967 Loving v. Virginia decision .
The addition of Olson and Boies to a case in Norfolk willprobably bring more attention to the challenges to Virginia 's ban on same-sex marriages . The state 's voters in 2006 amended the state constitution to ban such marriages , as well as civil unions , and to forbid recognition of unions performed elsewhere . Thirteen states , including Maryland , plus the District of Columbia , allow gay marriage .
Olson said AFER was invited to join the case by attorneys for the plaintiffs , Norfolk residents Timothy Bostic and Tony London , whose marriage application was turned down , and Carol Schall and Mary Townley , who have a 15-year-old daughter and whose marriage in California is not recognized by the commonwealth .
Virginia is an “ attractive target , ” said Olson , who lives in the state , because its rejection of same-sex marriage and civil unions is so complete .
“ The more unfairly people are being treated , the more obvious it is that it 's unconstitutional , ” Olson said .
Olson and Boies , who were opposing counsel in the 2000 Supreme Court showdown in Bush v. Gore , received enormous attention when they teamed up to challenge California 's Proposition 8 , which was passed by voters in 2008 to stop the same-sex marriages that the state 's high court had authorized .
The result was a full trial before U.S. District Judge Vaughn R. Walker , who ruled that the California ban violated the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection .
The case , Hollingsworth v. Perry , reached the Supreme Court last term . But the justices did not rule on the constitutional question , instead finding that those who were appealing Walker 's ruling did not have the legal standing to bring the challenge . Same-sex marriages resumed in the state almost immediately .
Olson said he did not anticipate a trial in the Norfolk proceedings before U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen , but the record from California “ is a great foundation for us which we can convey into the federal courts in Virginia . ”
This Virginia case is also attractive because it is moving quickly , at the state 's request . A second challenge , filed in the Western District of Virginia , is on a slower track .
Although Virginia 's constitutional amendment was easily approved , recent polling shows a majority of residents favor legalizing same-sex marriage . But Republicans who control the state 's political leadership and legislature are opposed , and removing the constitutional amendment would be difficult .
The constitution can be amended by voters only after a constitutional convention or if a proposed amendment is passed twice by the General Assembly , with an election occurring between the two votes .
While the Perry decision was important to Californians , the court 's 5-to-4 DOMA ruling in U.S. v. Windsor provides same-sex marriage supporters with the most hope . Even dissenting Justice Antonin Scalia said that while the decision purported to support state rights , it provided a road map for challenges to state bans .
The Norfolk complaint makes extensive use of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy 's majority opinion that DOMA “ places same-sex couples in an untenable position ” and “ humiliates ” the children raised by such couples .
The lawsuit compares the Virginia ban with Kennedy 's finding that “ DOMA instructs all federal officials , and indeed all persons with whom same-sex couples interact , including their own children , that their marriage is less worthy than the marriages of others . ”
The Windsor decision “ created a sense of urgency , ” said Dale Carpenter , a University of Minnesota law professor who has studied the issue , especially because polling did not indicate the kind of public backlash as other court rulings that granted gay rights .
Since the decisions , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has officiated at a same-sex marriage , and last week former president George H.W . Bush was one of the witnesses for the marriage of a lesbian couple in Maine .
Sarah Warbelow , state legislative director of the Human Rights Campaign , said : “ We had an opportunity to see where the Supreme Court was standing on the issue , and I think attorneys are increasingly confident that the court is ready to take up the whole nine yards . ”
Suits have been filed across the country , many by the American Civil Liberties Union , and another leader in the race back to the Supreme Court might come from Pennsylvania . It has no constitutional prohibition and the Democratic attorney general has said she thinks the state law banning same-sex marriage is unconstitutional .
But some supporters of same-sex marriage fear the suits are coming too fast . The justices turned down the chance to find a constitutional right to marry only months ago , and Kennedy 's opinion in Windsor also contained his caution that “ history and tradition ” give states the right to define marriage .
After giving the victories , the slim Supreme Court majority might favor letting the political process , rather than the judicial , take the lead .
Olson is unmoved by that theory .
“ I 'm not going to get into the justices and what they each said and what Justice Scalia said , ” Olson said . “ Given what was said in DOMA [ decision ] and given the record we made in California and given what we 're going to establish in Virginia , we 're going to be able to persuade a majority of the court that this is the right thing . ”
Sassuolo and Chievo are safe from relegation , but Mina Rzouki reflects on why that may not be the best news for Serie A .
As Italians cheer on the survival of little Sassuolo , the fairytale story of Serie A , the League has lost two clubs that signal a depressing era in Italian football .
It must be acknowledged , the League does not lie and if a club has won and survived the relegation battle it because they have deserved to this season . Little Sassuolo and their attacking mindset have achieved what was perceived to be the impossible , maintaining their Serie A status . A team boasting technically gifted players managed by a Coach who loves nothing more than a courageous attack , the little side have entertained their way to history .
However , this is a team that hails from a town with just over 39,000 inhabitants , has an entrepreneur as a owner who has admitted to supporting Milan over his own team , and a long-term future that is uncertain even if their owner pledges an ambitious project .
Without Eusebio Di Francesco , who is likely to depart either now or next season , Sassuolo have no playing philosophy and will lose the one thing that enchanted the viewers - daring tactics . The players including the entire front-line may not be even be there next season . Antonio Floro Flores is on loan from Genoa whilst both Domenico Berardi and Simone Zaza are co-owned by Juventus and will be recalled at one point .
Others including Paolo Cannavaro are there for the short haul , making it interesting to see whether or not there is a genuine strategy to create something special with this club . The current side appears make-shift and not even sporting director Giovanni Rossi , hopes to be there for long , moving to Sassuolo to gain experience in a role when he used to be in charge of Juve 's youth .
The Neroverdi 's survival has come at a cost as Bologna 's to Catania condemned both to Serie B . The first is an institution of football , Serie A winners five times - not counting their victories prior to the creation of the League - and a club that boasts history , prestige and a strong following .
“ I 'm not only sorry for the city of Bologna but for the Italian top flight that has taken a step back , ” said former Prime Minister Romano Prodi when speaking of the club 's relegation . Indeed Serie A has lost an important club , one that draws in TV audiences , an average stadium attendance of 21,145 and can count on being Italy 's 11th best supported club according to a survey conducted by L'Istituto Nielsen .
By all means , their results , woeful performances and poor management have led to their demotion .
Continuously selling off their best players each season coupled with the dismissal of a Coach Cesare Prandelli labelled as one Serie A 's finest , has led to this disaster . Serie B may well allow them the opportunity to accept their failures and build for a brighter future , but Italy needs its big clubs to be strong .
Perhaps as much as it needed Hellas Verona to return to the top . The side promoted back to the top flight last summer counted on huge attendances even when they were playing provincial opposition in Serie B. Boasting an identity and ambitions for future development , Verona count on pedigree , popularity and a great history . Meanwhile Chievo , their rivals , are far from entertaining and barely followed yet they too have secured their top flight status .
It 's important to note here that this does not mean that teams that can not count on great support and an exquisite history should toil away in the bottom leagues . Catania have done wonders to deserve their place in the top flight in recent years despite a less than glamorous history . President Antonino Pulvirenti 's reputation as ‘ businessman ' aside , Catania as a club have grown exponentially .
Until this season , they have steadily risen up the table , boast one of the best training grounds in the country , have recently signed the deed to purchase the land to build their own stadium and have overseen a rise in attendance , boasting a 16 per cent increase in season tickets for 2013-14 . They are a club with ambition and a long-term strategy that will not only benefit the team but the city and the League as a whole .
Congratulations to Sassuolo and Chievo , they truly deserve their success but Italy needs it 's biggest clubs to improve and succeed to help ease economic failures and restore the reputation of Serie A .
Krispy Kreme to bring giant doughnut slot machine to Norwich
This doughnut slot machine is coming to Norwich . Picture Krispy Kreme . Krispy Kreme
Doughnut fans queued for 10 hours when Krispy Kreme opened in Norwich last year and now the company are bringing something a little bit different to the city .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
A giant doughnut slot machine is coming to intu Chapelfield on Wednesday and will be full of sweet treats to be won .
Prizes include goodies from American chocolate brand Hershey 's , doughnuts and the grand prize of a year 's supply of doughnuts .
MORE : Doughnut fans queue for TEN hours as Norwich Krispy Kreme store opens
The machine will be outside Boots and HMV in the shopping centre from 10am to 6pm as part of its tour around the country . The slot machine tour is to celebrate the launch of the two new Hershey 's Cookies ‘ N ' Creme doughnuts .
It comes after the global brand opened its first store in Norwich in September of last year . People queued for up to 10 hours in the hope of being one of the first people to get their hands on the famous doughnuts .
A few years later , after I joined the army and had gone to Vietnam a boy and then returned home a broken man , I made a trip to Lake Michigan .
Jim T. had been living on a twenty-foot houseboat in the middle of the lake for thirty years . When I arrived via motorboat , a gaunt , shirtless man with a long snow-white beard greeted me . He reached down and hauled me up to the deck . I was surprised by the strength of his knotty hands , which belied his withered appearance ; I could see almost every rib of his torso under the stretched thin skin like some sort of old withered lizard .
“ So how was Vietnam ? ” he said .
“ Not good , ” I said . We walked out of the watery-bright sun and into the dank coolness of the cabin . It took a few seconds for my vision to adjust to the dim light and I was slightly disoriented and the walls were bursting with color .
“ Yeah , that 's a bad one , Vietnam . Kill any children ? ” The Question was casual , like asking about the weather or the state of the stock market . “ You know it 's a bad one when you 're killing children . Coffee ? ” He started to pour me a cup before I could reply .
The cabin was covered with bright colored paintings . There were hundreds of them , all done on thick , rough and heavy textured paper . They depicted mountain scenes , olive groves , sunsets and nightscapes . I looked at each and every one , as best I could , some I stared at for a long time , others I passed over quickly , until I finally came to the one I was looking for . It was a small faded watercolor depicting a young man on the side of a mountain ; backpack , sleeping bag , rifle , hollow eyes shadowed , and bits of blond hair peeking from under his helmet , a bridge in the valley .
“ That one from memory , ” said Jim T. handing me a cup of the black coffee , thick as mud .
“ When did you paint it ? ”
“ About '53 maybe . ”
“ From memory , you say ? ”
“ Yes sir . ”
“ Who is it ? ” I asked .
“ Now come here , do you think I 'm stupid ? You know exactly who that is , ” he said . “ Come over here , look at this one . He directed me to another painting depicting a broad open plane littered with small figures brandishing rifles , explosions and splayed bodies . “ I call this one ‘ The Theater of War , ' look at this , ” He pointed to a tiny , highly detailed depiction of a wheeled canon . “ See that ? Know what that is ? ”
“ A French 75 ”
“ That 's right , we had just one , piece of shit , that thing was older then than I am now . How about these ? ” he said , pointing at the rifles .
I studied the painting , staring hard at the minuscule running soldiers . “ They look like Lebels . ”
“ Yep , that 's right , can you believe it ? We had Lebels and a French 75 , built in the eighteen-eighties . They gave us single bolt rifles and an old cannon , probably used in the First World War for the most important battle up to that point . Half of the Lebels did n't even work . ”
“ Jesus , ”
“ Oh , there was no Jesus that day , look at what the fascists are using , ” He said
I began to see the difference between the figures on the page ; the fascist soldiers had the newer German issued rifles and machine guns—MP18 's , Maschinegewehr , and French model Hotchkiss guns . Their uniforms were crisp , not torn and worn out , like those of the Lincoln Brigade . “ We had no chance . ”
“ I see that. ” I said .
“ Still , I survived , I would n't want to fight with what you kids are fighting with today . ”
“ No , you would n't . ”
“ What are you using these days ? Everybody 's got a machine gun , Napalm , agent orange , Jesus , agent orange . ”
“ I know it , ” I said
‘ Let me give you a bit of advice , do n't have any kids , that little fucker will come out with three eyes and a little sister conjoined at the head . They 'll be sharing a brain and a little tiny heart . ”
“ Jungle warfare 's pretty bad . ”
“ I prefer the open field , at least we can see each other and I know who 's shooting at me and from where . ”
“ I hear that. ” I said .
“ Lem me see that picture , ” said Jim T
I reached for my wallet and took out the old photograph and handed it to him . I kept the picture with me everyday since my mother had given it to me in St. Louis . It came with me to Vietnam where I walked through chest high water and crawled in shit filled caves . Jim T. studied it closely .
“ Yep , I got it just right , how about that . ”
“ Yes you did . ”
“ Pretty damn impressive . ”
“ It is . ”
He studied the photograph for some time , then turned it over and read the inscription . “ I took this photograph , ” he said , “ Right before he went to blow up that bridge . Man , what a clusterfuck that was. ” He handed me the photograph . “ It was doomed from the start , we could n't get weapons , he did n't have enough dynamite , and then some idiot with those anarchist irregulars up in the mountains stole and threw away his charges the night before the attack was to take place . But it did n't matter , he still had to go ahead with it. ” I pulled up a chair and sat next to him . Jim T. reached toward a small table where he had a bottle of whiskey and offered it to me . I took it and took a long drink from it and handed it back to him . He did the same then poured a little into his coffee and recapped it and put it back on the table . “ He got that bridge blowed up but not before he took a licking from the fascists , he was totally exposed on that bridge , blowed it up practically by hand , what with the charges being gone and whatnot . He was shot up . But he got it blowed up , so that no more fascists could cross that bridge and go to Jarama . They had tanks that was ready for us , but those tanks never made it , but it did n't matter . ”
“ Why not ? ” I asked .
“ Because they had planes . ”
“ That 's some bad luck , ” I said .
“ Sure was , tore us to shreds , planes need no bridge . Your father helped your mother and the rest of the group that had survived get away . He knew she was already pregnant with you , he must have . You were practically in that war yourself . He saved the two of you . The fascists were chasing them down but your father held them back long enough for them to get away . I met up with your mother later , as planned , by me and your papa . I helped her get her papers and had her shipped over here . I have n't seen her since , lovely woman , how is she ? ” he said .
“ She passed . ”
“ Damn , what from ? Did the cancer get her ? ”
“ Yeah , It did , I was in Vietnam , I got a letter when she died . ”
“ Ai n't that a bitch . ”
Jim was silent . He took at sip of his coffee , stood up and went to the painting of my father . Took it off the wall and handed it to me . “ Here , you can have this one , on me. ” I took the painting and felt the rough edges of the thick paper . The painting was remarkably accurate .
“ You should go home son , ” said Jim T .
“ I will . ”
“ No , I mean really go home , not to St. Louis , that ai n't home , I mean home for real , son , ” he said . He leaned forward on his chair and pointed at the painting . “ You need to go there . ”
NEXT CHAPTER : The Red Butterfly , Part Twenty – A Boschian Creature
PREVIOUS CHAPTER : The Red Butterfly , Part Eighteen – Te Pareces A Tu Padre
ALL CHAPTERS
more by SERGIO REMON ALVAREZ
Maybe that vigilante Denver sportscaster had it right—Ravens banners did n't belong anywhere near the same city as Peyton Manning . After a seven-touchdown performance , the 37-year-old made an early statement that Denver would like to host the season opener again next year .
Records ! So many records . How many records ?
12:30 3Q : Manning extends the NFL record for most three-TD games in a career with 74 .
10:28 3Q : Manning ties the NFL record for most four-TD games in a career with 23 .
6:37 3Q : Manning ties the NFL record for most five-TD games in a career with seven .
13:13 4Q : Manning sets the NFL record for most six-TD games in a career with three .
4:30 4Q : Manning ties the NFL record for most touchdown passes in a single game , with seven . He joins five other QBs , three of them hall of famers , at a mark no one has matched since 1969 . He becomes only the second to throw seven TDs without an interception .
The always-deadpan Manning after the game : `` It took us a little while to get started . ''
Manning found seven different receivers on the night , four of them for scores . He threw for 462 yards , the second-highest total of his career . And in stats that do n't matter , but kind of do , Manning had the second-biggest fantasy night ever for a QB , trailing only Michael Vick 's insane 2011 game against Washington .
Advertisement
Manning wo n't throw seven TDs every game ( probably ) . But this should be very worrying for opponents anticipating a weaker Denver defense this season—the revamped , diversified passing offense appears capable of ethering other teams on its own . With a three-headed running game in place to keep defenses honest , Manning repeatedly sought out two of his shiny new toys : free agent coup Wes Welker and young tight end Julius Thomas , each of whom reeled in a pair of scores.While last season defenses knew they could beat the Broncos if they locked down Demaryius Thomas and Eric Decker , it wo n't be so simple in 2013 . Welker and Julius Thomas give Manning a slot receiver and TE the likes of which he has n't had since Brandon Stokley and Dallas Clark—both watching last night 's show from the Ravens sidelines .
John Fox had a good look too . `` This was pretty phenomenal , '' he said .
It 's just one game . Keep telling yourself that , in between daydreams of the 50x lifesize gold statue they 'll build of Peyton after he throws for all of the touchdowns .
The Magical Top 10
Today we bring you the ten pitching prospects most likely to make a fantasy impact this season . Previously we covered 50-41 , 41-30 , 30-21 , and 20-11 . Keep in mind that there are plenty of stud future MLBers in the lower levels of the minors that wo n't crack even the top 50 – Lucas Giolito anyone ? But those hurlers are a year or two away .
These ten fellas below will help teams for the 2015 fantasy baseball season . If they are starting in the majors this season , they are worthy of a pick . If they are starting in the minors , stay tuned to the daily news to anticipate their call-up . Working the waiver wire is half the fun , right ? So here it goes ...
Editor 's Note : You can read more about MLB prospects and rookies , and their potential fantasy impacts , throughout the entire preseason and MLB season . And check out all of RotoBaller 's in-depth 2015 fantasy baseball rankings articles to prepare for your drafts . Let 's win some leagues !
Top 10 Starting Pitching MLB Prospects for 2015
10 : Jonathan Gray , RHP , COL
As much as I am loathe to recommend any pitcher from Colorado , Jon Gray is as good as any pitching prospect the Rockies have ever had . As one might expect the former Oklahoma Sooner flamethrower has been treated with kid gloves by Colorado , so it is not easy to evaluate the type of pitcher he will be in the majors . At Oklahoma , he was a hard-throwing workhorse with the 6 ' 4 ” 255-pound build you 'd expect from a power righty . However , in the pros , his velocity has been down which can either be an indication that he 's trying to pitch to contact and induce grounders or it could be something else . In any case , Gray has struck out a man per inning over two minor league seasons and , as of this writing , was still in consideration for one of two spots in the Colorado rotation . Smart money says that he starts the year in the minors and contributes sometime mid-season where his 200+ strikeout potential could be a fantasy asset .
9 : Dylan Bundy , RHP , BAL
Bundy does n't seem like a prospect , since he tossed a few innings for the Orioles in 2012 , but a Tommy John surgery and a year in the minors later , here he is again . Much of Bundy 's projection will center on his health , as the Orioles have taken it easy after he got TJS at age 20 . He moved slowly through A-Ball last year , re-finding his touch and his velocity . He should start this season in Double-A . His curveball is reportedly as sharp as ever and he 's gaining confidence in letting loose with the hard stuff . Bundy is renowned for his work ethic and workout regimen , so it would n't be a surprise to see him near the top of the O 's rotation in short order , where he should be a fantasy stud – contributing in four categories .
8 : Andrew Heaney , LHP , LAA
It looks like Heaney may begin the year in Triple-A and get a call to the majors once the Angels need a fifth starter . The fight for the fifth starter role appears to be down to Heaney and fellow rookie Nick Tropeano . Heaney started five games for the Marlins last year and pitched to a 5.83 ERA , which is n't that impressive . He was traded twice this offseason – to the Dodgers for Dee Gordon , then to the Angels for Howie Kendrick , so maybe that sends up a red flag .
Heaney has had a pretty awful Spring , allowing 19 runs in 19 innings . All that may add up to a more extended stay in Triple-A to get things figured out . Once he does , Heaney is a K-per-inning starter who should put up good ratios in Anaheim . He does n't have much more to prove in the minors , as he put up a 1.17 WHIP in New Orleans last season . Spring stats can be deceiving , as you never know if a pitcher is trying to get guys out or is just working on specific pitches and fundamentals . It wo n't take long for Heaney to get into the Angels ' rotation and contribute for years to come .
7 : Daniel Norris , LHP , TOR
Daniel Norris debuted with the Blue Jays last season and more or less had a rotation spot sewn up prior to Spring Training . Norris is a three-pitch lefty with a mid-90s fastball with a lot of action , a slider and a changeup . While Norris ' upside is not as high as teammate Aaron Sanchez , his floor is fairly high . He 's a mid-rotation starter with a job locked up , the potential for 180-190 strikeouts and decent ratios . Solid , if not exciting , Norris pitched five games at Triple-A last year with a sub-one WHIP . He followed that up with a great Spring , going 3-0 in six starts with 10.6 K/9 and a 3.28 ERA . He has nothing else to prove at the minor league level . We 'll just have to see how his act fares in the AL East .
6 : Kendall Graveman , RHP , OAK
Speaking of impressive Springs , Graveman entered camp with his eyes on the # 5 starter job in Oakland and pretty much ran away with it . He allowed only one run in 21 innings of Cactus League work . Graveman is groundball , pitch-to-contact pitcher , so he wo n't help you much in the strikeout department – but he gets outs . He should be a valuable commodity pitching in the expansive ballpark in Oakland , so long as his infield defense holds up . I see Graveman as this year 's Jacob DeGrom . Nothing he does looks overly exciting , he was never a top “ ca n't miss ” prospect and there will always be rumblings about him being better suited for the bullpen . What he does do is go out there and does his job and he should put up nice rate stats for fantasy owners , even if the K 's are n't there .
5 : Aaron Sanchez , RHP , TOR
Sanchez always lingered near the top of preseason rookie fantasy lists because if he did n't crack the rotation , he was a front-runner for the Blue Jays ' closer job . When Marcus Stroman went down with a knee injury this Spring , it opened the door for the fireballing righty . Sanchez has an explosive fastball , a snap curve and a changeup . The heater is the main weapon , as it can reach the high-90 's when he asks for extra . That pitch puts Sanchez 's ceiling above Norris , a potential # 2 rotation-man . He should rack up the strikeouts , though his WHIP could suffer from a loose delivery and lack of control . He tossed 24 games out of the Jays ' pen last year , with 27 K 's in 33 innings . In four minor league seasons , though , he walked 4.8 per nine . That 's a ratio that will have to decrease to quiet “ future closer ” talk and to maintain high-end fantasy value for your 2015 team .
4 : Noah Syndergaard , RHP , NYM
Syndergaard will be the last of the Met 's “ Big Three ” ( Harvey , Wheeler and himself ) to debut in Queens when he gets the call early this season . Of course , the other two have both fallen victim to TJ surgeries and the last “ Big Three ” for the Mets was Paul Willson , Bill Pulsipher and Jason Isringhausen – so there 's reason for pause . “ Thor ” as he 's known , looks the part of fantasy God on the mound . He stands at 6 ' 6 ” and about 250 pounds . He throws downhill from the mound with an intimidating fastball , hammer curve and changeup . I believe the curve will be the pitch that will turn him into a fantasy ace-caliber pitcher if he can control it as a strikeout pitch .
Thor is another young guy that likes to challenge with his fastball , which can sometimes get him into trouble when his location is off . You can probably throw out his 1.48 WHIP and 4.60 ERA in Triple-A last year . Nobody can pitch well in Vegas or the other mountain parks of the Pacific Coast League . Syndergaard is a legitimate 200 strikeout stud who would top this list if he had a job at the moment . When he does , you 'll be glad you drafted him for your bench to start this season .
3 : Carlos Rodon , LHP , CHW
A year before last June 's draft , Rodon was the consensus number one selection out of North Carolina State . While his numbers took a downtick in his final season with the Wolfpack , two high-schoolers jumped ahead of him to the delight of the Chicago White Sox . The most-polished product in the draft class , Rodon cut through the minor leagues with ease – dominating rookie ball and high-A before a three-start triumph at Triple-A . Along his journey , the hard-throwing lefty struck out 14.1 guys per nine . He 's ready for the majors . His mid-90 's fastball is complemented by a devastating left-side slider – his strikeout pitch . Rodon is considered by most as the front-runner for American League Rookie of the Year . The White Sox are taking it a little slower , though , sending him to Charlotte for a little more seasoning , or service time control , or whatever . He 'll be in the majors soon enough and will be a force for both the White Sox and your fantasy team .
2 : Archie Bradley , RHP , ARZ
When Arizona shipped Trevor Cahill to the Braves Thursday , Bradley was officially named to the Diamondbacks ' rotation . The 6 ' 4 ” , 225 pound power arm would have made it there eventually , but with an off-year plagued by injury troubles . Bradley 's 2014 was a spotty one , sporting a 5+ ERA in Triple-A Reno to start the season , before they shut his down with an intercostal sprain . After that , he limped through Double-A with a 4.12 ERA and 36 walks in 45 innings . His timing was off , perhaps due to arm fatigue , and he looked nothing like the future ace he was projected to be .
Bradley has big powerful legs that generate serious heat on his fastball . Add to his arsenal a cut fastball , a power curve and a changeup , and he has all the makings of a front-line ace . He has yet to prove it at the highest level , but we are looking at a potential top 5 fantasy pitcher , capable of 200 strikeouts and manageable ratios . That 's a far cry for this year possibly , but Bradley still has a ton of upside .
1 : Taijuan Walker , RHP , SEA
Okay , I cheated a little . Walker is not technically a “ rookie , ” after totaling 53 innings in the big leagues over the past two seasons . Last year was supposed to be Walker 's breakout , but he was shelved early with shoulder bursitis . That injury may be the only tarnish on this Mariner 's star .
Despite the injury , Walker threw 121 total innings across the majors and minors . In his 38 innings with the Mariners , he recorded a 2.61 ERA and a 1.29 WHIP . He made two stellar starts in the Arizona Fall League before the Mariners said “ enough , ” and set him on the path to slot behind Felix Hernandez and Hisashi Iwakuma in an enticing Seattle rotation . If the team was n't convinced he was ready , Walker sealed the deal with 25 outstanding innings in the Cactus League , including a run of 18 consecutive scoreless frames .
Walker throws easily in the high 90s with a beast of a cutter to keep batters off-balance . He sprinkles in a deceptive slow curve and a changeup to complete an ace 's arsenal . This guy has a compelling mound presence with confidence in his stuff . To watch him on the mound is to see I pitcher who is in control of HIS game . If he can avoid further shoulder woes , Walker will be a fantasy monster , a real-life Cy Young candidate and the best “ rookie ” pitcher for your fantasy team this year .
The U.S. government has granted a second permit for deepwater drilling activity that was banned after last spring 's BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Interior Department 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement approved the permit Friday evening for BHP Billiton , an Australian company , to resume drilling a well in Green Canyon Block 653 , said agency spokeswoman Melissa Schwartz .
BHP began drilling the new well Feb. 16 , 2010 , but had to stop when BP 's Macondo well blew and the industry came to a forced halt .
The well is in about 4,200 feet of water in the Shenzi oil field , about 150 miles south of Houma .
The approval fits in with recent promises by top offshore regulator Michael Bromwich that the Feb. 28 approval of a Noble Energy well would be the first of several in the coming weeks .
Like the Noble permit , the BHP permit approval was predicated on its use of a new well capping device provided by the Helix Well Containment Group , a spill-response effort by a consortium of independent oil companies . Schwartz said BHP would use the Helix capping stack to contain any blowouts that might occur .
While the government said it was waiting on sufficient spill response plans , the industry and its political supporters have been complaining about the slow pace of permitting since President Obama 's deepwater drilling moratorium was officially lifted last October . It took nearly five months for the first two permits to be granted .
While many cheered Noble 's permit last month , the local responses were tempered by a sense in the industry that many more permits would be necessary to truly protect offshore jobs .
BHP 's well appears to have the markings of a relatively lower-risk project . It is in shallower water than BP 's Macondo well , which sat more than 5,000 feet below the surface . It is also within reach of Helix 's system for collecting excess oil and bringing it to the surface , if that 's ever necessary .
Years back , an ex of mine joked with me that , post-conversion , they 'd make a big scene of slicing the bottle caps off the soda bottles at my party .
But as thematically ( in ) appropriate as such a scene is , accurate it ai n't : I 'd already had my circumcision . I was only going through the ceremonial version , before jumping into the mikvah . Instead of snip & dip , it would be pricked & dip : The urologist took what essentially was a diabetic needle , pin-pricked me and let out a drop of blood — הטפת דם ברית , as they put it in Hebrew .
It was a humbling experience , though I knew well in advance what to expect . Two witnesses were there for the “ bris , ” along with the doctor . As I was laying on the table with a cotton ball over the cut ( if you can even call it that ) , I did my utmost to make the rabbis feel more awkward than I did :
Do you guys want to go get some pizza after this ?
I can see how a guy can feel uncomfortable , even at 21 , being naked in front of grown men . But it takes a special kind of insecurity to think one 's been emotionally scarred from a circumcision at the age of , say , eight days . And yet , here we are , and innumerable people claim psychological repercussions from their circumcisions .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg . There are other nonsense claims as to why circumcision is inhumane : it leads to death ; it detracts from sexual pleasure ; it 's equal to female genital mutilation . But the supposed dangers are hyped-up exaggerations — nothing to be bent out of shape about .
In 2011 , no babies died at all in the US as a result of circumcision ( as a general rule , no stats are even kept on the subject , because it 's so rare ) . On sex , articles talk about subtle differences , but all in all , when it comes to a guy 's satisfaction and performance , being circumcised or not makes any vas deferens . Any comparison with female genital mutilation is just grossly misleading , because — as opposed to women who undergo mutilation — a man 's pleasure parts remain intact after circumcision .
In the words of Hanna Rosin :
It 's perfectly clear that on a grand public-health level , the more boys who get circumcised , the better it is for everyone . Twenty years ago , this would have been a boring , obvious thing to say… these days… it puts you in league with Josef Mengele . ”
But alas , I dissect — I mean , digress .
Here I am , five years later , talking about the whole thing ( well , what 's left of it , at least ) . It 's a truly monumental decision for someone who 's never been circumcised to convert to Judaism . It 's not a simple operation . The commitment to such a life-changing experience has to be solid , and we should all appreciate the kind of character and strength it requires .
And life-changing it is . The physical pain may not have been present at my “ second ' bris , but the emotional gravity was obvious as the week bore on . What a road it was , encountering Orthodox Judaism and deciding to undertake this process barely a year earlier . It was a major moment . It was a great feeling .
But when people ask me what it was like converting , I 'll respond , “ It still hurts . ”
The exact moment Noel Gallagher struts into J Sheekey , a seafood restaurant off Charing Cross Road famous for its thespy connections and exquisite oysters , two things happen in quick succession : he orders champagne and then he begins machine-gunning the first of about a thousand riotous anecdotes . We have n't even considered opening our menus and arguably Britain 's Last Great Rock Star , sort of Mancunian Elton John for the Britpop generation ( adored , uncompromising , unapologetically blunt and really , really rich ) , is telling me how he and his absurdly beautiful wife , Sara , were round at Mark Ronson 's house recently after an industry awards knees-up and something nigh-on cataclysmic occurred ...
`` Nothing good happens between 4am and 6am ''
`` We were on about the 15th hour of a 17-hour bender , '' Noel explains , chuckling , those eyebrows going off like a couple of mating Ewoks in a Zumba class , `` and on the way to his gaff - we were coming from the Chiltern Firehouse , naturally - Mark tries to jump out of the taxi on the Westway . We had to grab him to stop him from being run over . Eventually , and alive , we make it back to his place and then he goes , 'So , does anyone want to hear the new Adele album ? ' Before anyone could say , 'No thanks , Mark , not at ten to five in the morning , ' he sticks it on . Continuously . I kept saying , ' I thought you were a bloody DJ ? No one wants this , not now ! ' The lesson of the story : nothing good happens between the hours of 4am and 6am . Nothing . Lovely lad , though , Mark . Adele ? I 'm not a fan . She always comes on the radio when I 'm having my cornflakes : 'Hello ? ' No , f * * * off ! ''
Advertisement
Rex Features
As anyone who has spent any time with the man will tell you , Noel Gallagher is superb , dangerous company , not least because the High Flying Birds frontman has an opinion on absolutely everything , which this afternoon ranges from writing his autobiography - `` Yes , I 'll do one . No , I wo n't do a Wayne Rooney and write six '' - to the absurdities of what he calls `` Heston Blumenthal 's barbed-wire-flavoured ice cream '' . We spend the afternoon talking , drinking champagne and - for me at least - laughing so much my face turns to clay .
Read next Talk Talk 's Spirit Of Eden is one of the great masterpieces of modern music Talk Talk 's Spirit Of Eden is one of the great masterpieces of modern music `` What Spirit Of Eden taught me was to be open minded about art ''
We cover , and scorch , a lot of earth . Topics discussed before our food arrives - which , incidentally , is haddock and chips ( £18.25 ) cooked about as perfectly as is possible - include the new Star Wars film : `` I went on set and discovered the Millennium Falcon is made out of bubble wrap and tons of Lego sprayed silver . '' Noel 's fallibility when faced with an oven : `` That 's how I imagine I will die . Sara will go away and I 'll accidentally undercook a piece of chicken . '' Vegetarians : `` I open the fridge sometimes and think , 'What I call food lives on this . ' '' Saturday night television : `` I 've been offered the X Factor twice and - right after I left Oasis - Strictly Come Dancing . Just ee-f * * * ing-magine . '' The lunacy of some fans : `` I signed a dry-cleaning receipt for someone 's son once . I asked , 'Do n't you need this to go and get your washing ? ' '' And , of course , someone Noel once described as `` a man with a fork in a world full of soup '' : `` I saw Liam at a Man City game recently and we were all right . Bless him , he 's going through a bit of a tough time - you live by the sword , you get divorced by the sword ... ''
Once done with our battered fish , we contemplate what will be Noel 's next significant Oasis announcement . No , not Glastonbury 2016 , sadly , but a documentary , directed by Asif Kapadia - the man behind Amy and Senna - celebrating the 20th anniversary of the band 's monumental two nights at Knebworth in 1996 . `` We have all this footage from behind the scenes leading up to the gigs , most of which ca n't be used as there 's just monstrous drug taking . We shot the gigs using 16 cameras and we forgot about it . It feels like the last great gathering before the internet ; youth culture 's last great stand . A sort of 'you had to be there ' moment . Nothing will ever happen like that again . '' And he 's right . It wo n't . Just like this meal . And with that we order two coffees and two more glasses of champagne . Remember : `` Live Forever '' kids , if only in your own lunchtime .
Cigarettes & Alcohol : ★★★✩✩
My Big Mouth : ★★★✩✩
Advertisement
Rock'n'Roll Star : ★★★★★
F * * * in ' In The Bushes : ✩✩✩✩✩
Overall : ★★★★★
J Sheekey , 28-32 St Martin 's Court , London WC2 . 0207 240 2565 Read our J Sheekey review
Vice President-elect Mike Pence on `` Fox News Sunday . '' Fox News Vice President-elect Mike Pence said he was not offended when he was booed by members of the audience while attending the musical `` Hamilton '' on Friday .
In an interview with `` Fox News Sunday , '' Pence said it was a '' great , great show , '' and a `` real joy to be there . ''
`` When we arrived we heard a few boos , we heard some cheers . I nudged my kids and said , 'That 's what freedom sounds like , ' '' Pence said .
After Friday 's performance , cast member Brandon Victor Nixon thanked Pence as he left the theater and pleaded with the vice president-elect not to enact policies that discriminate against racial and ethnic minorities .
`` We are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us , our planet , out children , our parents or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights , sir , '' Nixon said . `` But we truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us . ''
During Sunday 's interview , the vice president-elect appeared to slightly criticize the statement , but emphasized he `` was n't offended '' by Nixon 's statement .
`` I 'll leave it to others whether it was the most appropriate venue to say it , '' Pence said of Nixon 's statement . `` I know this is a very disappointing time for people who did not see their candidate win in a national election . I know this is a very anxious time for some people . ''
Pence 's comments came just a day after President-elect Donald Trump characterized the booing as harassment , and called for the cast of 'Hamilton ' to apologize to the vice president-elect .
DWP 's own assessment of mandatory work activity programme finds it has 'no impact on the likelihood of being employed '
Thousands of jobseekers have been referred to a mandatory work scheme that has done nothing for their employment chances , has made them as likely to claim benefits over the long term as those not on the scheme , and has led to a proportion subsequently signing on for sickness support , government research has found .
The assessment by the Department for Work and Pensions of its own mandatory work activity ( MWA ) programme was filed at the House of Commons library late on Tuesday evening , three hours after the employment minister , Chris Grayling , announced he would be pumping in £5m of extra funding to expand the scheme so it could take up to 70,000 referrals a year .
The government also announced that it would toughen the sanctions regime , making it even harder to temporarily sign off benefits to avoid being forced into unpaid work for up to four weeks .
The government 's peer-reviewed study concluded that being referred by jobcentre managers to mandatory unpaid work for 30 hours a week was good at pushing people off jobseeker 's allowance in the short term .
However , over a three to five-month period , those who did not eventually start mandatory work were more likely to return to out-of-work benefits when compared with those who had never been referred in the first place .
Overall , out of those being referred , there was no positive or negative effect on benefit claims between the different groups which were compared . DWP researchers said this total of people returning to benefits included a 3 % increase in those claiming employment support allowance , a benefit given to those people suffering with serious health problems .
The study , which compared the outcomes of more than 3,000 MWA referrals and 125,000 non-referred jobseekers , also concluded that the scheme had zero effect in helping people get a job .
`` The results show that … an MWA referral had no impact on the likelihood of being employed compared to non-referrals , '' the 62-page report said .
Researchers found that , between May and November last year , more than 1,600 people had their benefits cut for up to six months for refusing to start a placement or leaving it before it finished . One in five of those who failed to start MWA were sanctioned . The researchers said it was `` possible that the impacts will change later on as the programme develops '' .
In a ministerial statement Grayling said : `` We 've found that a month 's full-time activity can be a real deterrent for some people who are either not trying or who are gaming the system . But we 're also fighting a battle to stop claimants slipping back into the benefits system by the back door . ''
Grayling defended the scheme on Wednesday . He told the Guardian : `` This was a scheme our own Jobcentre Plus advisers wanted to introduce . This impact analysis only covers the first three months of the programme a year ago and is already out of date .
`` What it shows is we had teething problems in the first three months and , since then , we 've taken a number of steps to tighten loopholes and are continuing to do so . It 's a relatively new and experimental scheme which is improving all the time . ''
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( NIESR ) , which was asked by the DWP to peer review the research , said Grayling 's decision to expand the scheme flew in the face of the evidence that showed it was not working .
Writing on his blog , the NIESR director , Jonathan Portes , said : `` This is a complete policy disaster . It is very difficult not to conclude that , whatever your position on the morality of mandatory work programmes like these , the costs of the programme , direct and indirect , are likely to far exceed the benefits .
`` The analysis shows that the programme as currently structured is not working . It has no impact on employment ; it leads to a small and transitory reduction in benefit receipt and , worst of all , it may even lead to those on the programme moving from jobseeker 's allowance to employment and support allowance . ''
He went on : `` It is highly commendable that the department has undertaken and published this analysis . It would be even better if that had n't been accompanied by a policy decision which seems to fly directly in the fact of the evidence . At at time of austerity , it is very difficult to see the justification for spending millions of pounds on a programme which is n't working . '' A spokesman for the DWP said it was misleading to claim that the report found that `` some of those referred to MWA were more likely to claim benefits '' , and said the report actually showed that on average people referred to MWA spent more time off benefits over 21 weeks than other jobseekers .
• This article was amended on 15 June 2012 . To clarify : the original text may have given the impression that those who are referred to the scheme are more likely to sign on for benefits over a period beyond the 21 weeks covered by the research .
The Whigs Are Back , and Cowering More Than Ever
The American Founders often wore wigs , at least in their official portraits . The term `` Whigs '' became a label for the Founders ' intellectual elite of highly ( self- ) educated men like Jefferson , Washington , Madison , and the others , who saw themselves as English gentlemen in the New World and who therefore insisted on the legal rights of Englishmen as well . That is what the Declaration of Independence insisted on . When the Declaration was refused , the moral and legal basis of the American Revolution was established . Jefferson died on July 4 , 1826 , and soon after came a popular revolt : Jacksonian Democracy . Ultimately , the Jacksonians gave rise to the greatest Jacksonian of all , Abraham Lincoln , a great man who , in the end , transcended parties and constituencies , at enormous cost in human pain and suffering , including his own assassination .
The Annie Award-winning star of Walt Disney Animation Studios Moana , Native Hawaiian Auliʻi Cravalho , reprises her role as the titular character of the hit feature for the Hawaiian language version . Casting for additional roles within the Hawaiian language version , which is being created by the University of Hawaiʻi in collaboration with The Walt Disney Studios , will begin in the next few weeks .
“ I am so deeply proud of my Hawaiian roots , ” Cravalho said . “ To perform the role of Moana , acting and singing in the Hawaiian language , is so deeply humbling and exciting . I ca n't wait to work with the talented language experts who will help bring this version to life . ”
“ We are so thrilled that we have the opportunity to make a Hawaiian version of the film , especially with the incredible Auliʻi , ” Moana producer Osnat Shurer said . “ To now make a Hawaiian language version , after recently collaborating on Tahitian and Te Reo Māori language versions , goes beyond any dreams we had for the film 's impact within communities that deeply inspired the movie . ”
Bringing Moana to life in the Hawaiian language
The University of Hawaiʻi 's Academy for Creative Media System ( ACMS ) is funding and coordinating this collaborative project—with the goal of sharing the film for educational purposes in Hawaiʻi and beyond .
“ We could not be more excited to offer this unique educational opportunity for students and faculty from multiple UH campuses to work directly with the professionals at Disney Animation and Hawaiʻi 's own Auliʻi Cravalho in bringing Moana to Hawaiʻi in the Hawaiian language , ” said Chris Lee , founder and director of the Academy for Creative Media System . “ This extraordinary project would not be possible without collaboration between the various programs at UH . ”
Managed by the Creative Media program at UH West Oʻahu , faculty members from across the University of Hawaiʻi system will collaborate on behalf of the project .
Puakea Nogelmeier , professor of Hawaiian Language and executive director of Awaiaulu , a nonprofit organization for Hawaiian-language translation training , will oversee a team of Awaiaulu 's translators .
, professor of Hawaiian Language and executive director of Awaiaulu , a nonprofit organization for Hawaiian-language translation training , will oversee a team of Awaiaulu 's translators . Hailiʻōpua Baker , professor of Hawaiian theatre at UH Mānoa 's theatre department will serve as acting director .
, professor of Hawaiian theatre at Mānoa 's theatre department will serve as acting director . Ethnomusicologist Aaron J. Salā will serve the project as music director .
The film will be re-recorded in Hawaiian at Honolulu Community College 's MELE Studio and engineered by Jon Ross .
Studio and engineered by . Heather Giugni , collections specialist and producer for UH West Oʻahu 's ʻUluʻulu , Hawaiʻi 's moving image archive , and Sharla Hanaoka , director of creative media at UH West Oʻahu , are producers of the Hawaiian language-version of Moana , in cooperation with Rick Dempsey , SVP Creative , for Disney Character Voices International .
“ There are many great things to highlight about this collaboration , ” UH West Oʻahu Chancellor Maenette Benham said . “ The movie can be used as a language learning tool , it builds positive motivation and pride for all children and youth to know their cultural moʻolelo , and it speaks to the brilliant collaboration of our faculty and staff across the UH System . ”
The Hawaiian version of Moana is anticipated to be distributed via the Hawaiʻi State Department of Education to schools throughout the state as a Hawaiian language educational tool .
Casting call information
Casting will be overseen by Rachel Sutton . Fluent Hawaiian language speakers and singers should submit a photo , cell number and a link to a Vimeo or YouTube video of them singing/chanting in Hawaiian to the ACMS email .
Deadline for submissions is November 17 .
VisionMobile has created an interactive map of more than 500 tools covering all aspects of enterprise software development : integration , development , testing , deployment , measuring , and marketing & monetization . The map provides a few descriptive paragraphs outlining the strengths of each tool , the idea being to offer developers a quick guide for choosing the right tool for the job .
Beside the online map , VisionMobile has created an atlas ( email required ) with the most important companies and tools for quick reference . Following are the tools per sector for Integration , Development and Testing . We omitted deployment , measuring and marketing because the entire list would be too long to be covered here .
Integration
Sector Tools Company API Access Gateway Citrix NetScaler Gateway
IBM DataPower
Intel Expressway Service Gateway
Layer7 Mobile Access Gateway
Oracle API Gateway
SAP NetWeaver Mobile
SOA Software API Gateway Citrix
IBM
Intel
Layer7
Oracle
SAP
SOA Software API Management 3scale
Apigee ( API Console )
Apiphany
Intel Expressway API Manager
Layer7
Mashape
SOA Software API Management
WebServius
WSO2 API Manager 3scale
Apigee
Apiphany
Intel
Layer7
Mashape
SOA Software
WebServius
WSO2 API Directories APIhub Repository of APIs
APIs.io API Directory
EXICON API Directory
Mashape API marketplace
Programmable web API Directory
theRightAPI MuleSoft
APIS.io
EXICON
Mashape
ProgrammableWeb
TheRightAPI
Development
Sector Tools Company HTML5 Architectural Frameworks Angular
Backbone
Ember
Knockout
Maria Google
Jeremy Ashkenas
Tilde Inc .
Knockout
Peter Michaux CSS UI Frameworks Bootstrap
Foundation
Junior
Topcoat Twitter
Zurb
Justin Martin
Adobe JavaScript UI Frameworks Dojo
Enyo
Jo
jqTouch
jQuery Mobile
Kendo UI
Sencha Touch
The M Project
Zepto The Dojo Foundation
LG Electronics
Dave Balmer
Sencha
The jQuery Foundation
Kendo UI
Sencha
Panacoda
Thomas Fuchs HTML5 Hybrid Tools AppGyver Steroids
CocoonJS
Icenium
Intel® XDK
Marmalade SDK
Monaca
MoSync SDK
PhoneGap
Trigger.io AppGyver
Ludei
Telerik
Intel
Marmalade
Asial Corporation
MoSync
Adobe
Trigger.io X-to-Native Converters Adobe AIR
alcheMo
Appcelerator Titanium
Apportable
Canappi
Codename One
Edgelib
Firemonkey
Gideros
iFactr
Instant Developer
J2me Polish
J2ObjC
Kiahu
Livecode
Mono
Monocross
MoSync SDK
Pixelplant
Qt Project
Sencha Cmd
SIO2 Interactive Adobe
Innaworks
Appcelerator
Apportable
Canappi
Codename ONE
Elements Interactive Mobile B.V .
Embarcadero Technologies
Gideros Mobile
ITR Mobility
Pro Gamma
Enough Software
Google
Kiahu
RunRev
Xamarin
Monocross
MoSync
Uxebu
Qt Software
Sencha
sio2interactive.com Platforms with Native JavaScript APIs Blackberry Webworks
Chrome OS
Firefox OS
Tizen
Windows 8 Blackberry
Google
Mozilla Corporation
Tizen Assosiation
Microsoft Enterprise Mobile Dev . Platforms 5app
Antenna
Appscend
ClickSoftware
DSI
Genero
IBM Worklight
Kiahu
KidoZen
Kony
MicroStrategy
Mobinex Smartface
MobiOne
Netbiscuits
Omnis studio
Rhomobile
Salesforce.com
SAP
Usablenet
Verivo Software 5app
Antenna Software
Appscend
ClickSoftware
Data Systems International
Four Js
IBM
Kiahu
KidoZen
Kony Solutions
MicroStrategy
Mobinex
Genuitec
Netbiscuits
TigerLogic
Motorola Solutions
Salesforce.com
SAP
Usablenet
Verivo Software
Testing
Sector Tools Company Automated App Testing 360 Logica
Apkudo
Appurify
Bitbar
BSQUARE
Infostretch
Keynote DeviceAnywhere
Mobile Labs Trust
Perfecto Mobile
Ranorex
Sauce Labs
Soasta CloudTest 360logica software testing
Apkudo
Appurify
Bitbar
BSQUARE
Infostretch Corporation
Keynote Systems
Mobile Labs
Perfecto Mobile
Ranorex
Sauce Labs
Soasta Beta Testing 360 Logica
99tests
AppLover
Centercode
Elusivestars
FeedbackArmy.com
HockeyApp
iBetaTest
Launchpad App
Lionbridge
Mob4Hire
Mobtest
Passbrains
Pay4bugs
Soasta CloudTest
Telerik
Testbirds
Testcovery
Testflight
The Beta Family
UserTesting.com
uTest 360logica software testing
99tests
AppLover
Centercode
Elusive Stars
Feedback Army
Bit Stadium GmbH
GeekSuit LLC .
Launchpad App
LioNBRIDGE Technology
Mob4Hire
Mobtest
PASS Group
Appartisan
Soasta
Telerik
Testbirds
Testcovery
TestFlight
The Beta Family
UserTesting.com
uTest App Certification Alcatel-Lucent ( ITE )
Babel Media
Capgemini
Contus Support Interactive
Hexaware Technologies
Intertek
Keynote DeviceAnywhere
Lionbridge
Mob4Hire
Mobile Application Dev .
Mobile Assure
Mobiquest
Mphasis
QualityLogic
Telerik
Truste
UniTesting China
uTest
XBOSoft Alcatel-Lucent
Babel Media
Capgemini
Mobile Apps Testing
Hexaware Technologies
Intertek
Keynote DeviceAnywhere
LioNBRIDGE Technology
Mob4Hire
Gateway TechnoLabs Pvt Ltd
CSC
Mobiquest
MphasiS
QualityLogic
Telerik
TRUSTe
UniTesting Software Testing
uTest
XBOSof Split Testing A/B tests by Chris Maddern
Amazon A/B Testing Service
Arise
Artisan Optimize
Clutch.io
Google Analytics
Leanplum
Myna
Optimimo
Optimizely
Pathmapp
PickFu
Switchboard
Swrve
Visual Website Optimizer Chris Maddern | On Software and Stuff
Amazon
Arise.io
Artisan Mobile
Clutch.io
Google
Leanplum
Myna
Shimply Software Pvt Ltd .
Optimizely
Pathmapp
PickFu
Keepsafe
Swrve
Wingify
The authors of the atlas have not attempted to create an exhaustive list of tools and companies .
This paper explores the historical and social context of population genetic research conducted in India by focusing on a study by Reich et al which aimed to reconstruct Indian population history . The paper addresses two themes . First , it considers the agendas and modes of thinking about Indian populations and the caste system on which this study appears to be based . Second , it reflects on the medical implications of this study as they were presented in Reich et al 's findings . I suggest that while genetic mapping of Indian populations appears to have inherited many of the problems characteristic of population genetic research conducted in the USA and globally , the specificity of this research in India involves a peculiar interplay of the postcolonial pursuit of genomic sovereignty , desire by the Indian state to become a player in the global realm of biotechnology , and age-old discourses naturalising caste and regional differences . My argument is that , although the study has offered conceptual space for a wide range of interpretations , it has a strong potential not just for naturalising caste and regional differences in India , but also for pathologising them without necessarily bringing tangible healthcare benefits in the foreseeable future .
Russian President Vladimir Putin ( right ) and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu | EPA/ALEXEY NIKOLSKIY/SPUTNIK/KREMLIN POOL Putin wants to turn page from Ukraine to Syria Moscow , the U.S. and EU have a common enemy in ISIL , but Ukraine still divides them .
When it comes to relations with Russia , the Kremlin wants the West to choose between sticking by its diplomatic guns on Ukraine or working arm-in-arm in Syria .
So far , the EU and U.S. are resisting a zero-sum choice . In the days since the Paris terrorist attacks , senior officials in Washington and European capitals have signalled their reluctance to turn the page on the Ukraine crisis , normalize relations with Moscow and join forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , or ISIL .
Yet Moscow is pressing on the military and diplomatic fronts , and looking to open up new lines of communication with Western leaders . Russia has scrambled to use the international outrage over the terrorist attacks in Paris to try to rebuild strained ties .
President Vladimir Putin ordered his forces in Syria to treat the French as “ allies , ” and Moscow was unusually cooperative last week in backing France 's U.N. Security Council resolution , which urges countries to take “ all necessary measures ” against the Islamic radicals .
“ Sanctions are an essential tool for holding Russia accountable : they must be rolled over '' — Victoria Nuland , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for European and Eurasian Affairs .
A Russian defense ministry video last week showed Russian air crews painting “ For Paris ” on bombs they were preparing to drop in Syria . Until recently the Russia concentrated its firepower on rebels backed by the U.S. who are fighting their ally , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and less on ISIL .
After the terrorist group claimed responsibility last month for planting the bomb that brought down a Russian civilian airliner over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , Russia has become more aggressive against ISIL .
Ukraine is n't going away
Yet Ukraine remains an imposing hurdle to any rapprochement .
In a speech in Berlin last week , Victoria Nuland , the most senior American diplomat for Europe , said the focus on ISIL does n't change the importance of implementing the fragile Minsk peace accords , which sketch out a way to end the conflict in Ukraine . The U.S. wants to keep the sanctions imposed on Russia first for illegally annexing Crimea last year and then for its support of armed separatists in eastern Ukraine , she said .
“ Sanctions are an essential tool for holding Russia accountable : They must be rolled over until Minsk is fully implemented . And we must keep our Crimea-related sanctions in place until Russia returns the peninsula to Ukraine , ” said Nuland , the assistant secretary of state for European and Eurasian Affairs .
A similar message is coming out of Brussels .
Jean-Claude Juncker , European Commission president , sent Putin a letter last week — seen by POLITICO — about building better economic relations between the European Union and the Eurasian Economic Union , a Moscow-led trade bloc . But he tied any progress on expanding commercial links to implementation of the Minsk accords .
“ This has to be seen in a Ukrainian context , ” said a Commission official .
Dmitry Peskov , Putin 's spokesman , called Juncker 's offer “ hardly relevant or possible . ”
Sanctions to remain in place
The EU is set to extend sanctions against Russia at the end of this year , at least until June of next year , despite opposition from several countries unhappy about the economic costs of the sanctions .
In an interview with POLITICO published on Monday , Hungary 's Prime Minister Viktor Orbán said that while he disagrees with the sanctions on Russia , he would n't stand in the way of their extension , and that he expects them to be extended .
Other Central European nations warn the EU against cozying up to Moscow in the hope of ending the civil war in Syria .
Edgars Rinkēvičs , Latvia 's foreign minister , gave a speech last week in which he again recalled the annexation of Crimea . “ The fight against terrorists and resolving the Syrian conflict should not take place at the expense of Ukraine , ” read the Latvian foreign ministry summary of the speech .
Konrad Szymański , Poland 's new Europe minister , warned of a tendency in European politics to look for a pretext to not hold Russia to account over Ukraine .
“ We 're open to acknowledging Russia 's useful role in any part of the world if [ it 's useful ] from the European point of view , but we are n't going to link that to other situations in which we see that Russia 's role is less constructive , ” he told the Polish press .
EU sanctions against Russia were pushed through last year and have since been kept in place thanks to German diplomatic muscle and the intervention of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Germany has n't signaled any softening of its position on Russian sanctions . Diplomats say Berlin believes the EU should keep the pressure on Russia until Moscow fully complies with the Minsk accords and supports a 6-month extension of the sanctions in December .
While all the diplomatic signals point to continued sanctions , markets are more optimistic . The cost of credit default swaps , a measure of risk , on five-year Russian debt has fallen to 2.5 percent from 3.9 percent since September — one of the biggest drops for any emerging market , said Timothy Ash , an emerging markets analyst at Nomura , the investment bank .
`` Markets have rallied into that , assuming that sanctions will be moderated , '' he said . `` But my sense is that the market may be over-optimsitic . The Americans are going to be very reluctant to remove sanctions . ''
An unwanted ally
Moscow got involved in Syria at the end of September for a host of reasons . The main one was to lend support to Assad , whose forces were showing signs of buckling under pressure of opposition attacks . The Syrian dictator is one of Russia 's few regional allies and the relationship makes Moscow a player in Middle Eastern politics .
Russia also wanted to fight the more than estimated 2,400 Russian citizens who have joined ISIL , mainly from disaffected Muslim regions like Chechnya .
Finally , tackling a common foe in Syria was supposed to help smooth disagreements with the West over Ukraine . Putin even called for the formation of a “ grand coalition , ” recalling the wartime alliance of the USSR and the West to combat Nazi Germany .
There is n't much Western interest in any sort of formal arrangement with Russia — largely because of Ukraine .
The Pentagon noted that Russia is now hitting ISIL , and not more moderate groups fighting Assad . But the Americans are n't reassessing their relationship with Moscow .
Although the Russian military did inform the U.S. of their latest attacks , “ we are not cooperating with Russia , ” said Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook .
“ When it comes to Russia , we will maintain a strong and balanced approach , ” he said . “ There are going to be areas where we disagree with the Russians , significant disagreements . In Ukraine , for example . ”
It is a Sunday , four days after my double mastectomy and three weeks after finishing six rounds of chemotherapy . I am standing in front of my bathroom mirror , about to look at the surgery site for the first time . I take off the surgical bra and see two large , rectangular bandages . I pinch their corners and breathe in , then out . I pull them off .
I stare at the terrain of my chest . There are two wide , horizontal incisions . Bruising . Swelling . There are two hard , breast-like mounds , which are temporary implants partially filled with saline and supported by a substance called AlloDerm , molded beneath my skin .
I stare .
I remember four days ago , when I took a shower the morning of my surgery and looked down at the breasts I 'd complained about because they 'd shrunk and lost volume after feeding two babies . I wish I 'd appreciated that they were symmetrical and unmarred and natural , instead of calling them pancakes .
I think about how often I have bad-mouthed my body -- out loud , inside my head , with my actions . Oh , if I had known .
If I had known .
I would n't have hated my bunions , or cursed my cellulite . I would n't have resented my younger self for spending too much time in the sun , resulting in wrinkles . I would n't have wasted so much time sucking in my belly that pops out , or scrutinizing my upper thighs in every pair of pants .
I would n't have called my breasts pancakes .
The funny thing is , I knew better . We all do . We know that the `` ideal body , '' against which we are taught to measure our own , is a manufactured falsehood . We know that real women have cellulite and wrinkles and body parts that stick out . We know that few natural breasts stand up by themselves . Yet I still saw these things as flaws . Judging and criticizing my body had become ingrained as a nearly automatic process .
I lean forward against the sink this post-surgery Sunday , bald , breastless and bony , with drain tubes dangling from my sides . Part of me wants to hate what I see . What I feel , instead , is deep compassion for my body . I feel remorse for bad-mouthing it all these years when it has served me in extraordinary ways . It has grown , birthed and fed two babies . Walked , laughed and slept in dozens of gorgeous places on this planet . Hugged others , held many hands , served as a place of comfort and safety for my kids . Tolerated chemotherapy . Delivered me from the trauma of major surgery . Carried me , from my bed each morning and back to it again at night , for 37 years .
What a wonder , this body .
I make a promise .
No more judgement . I say .
I do n't know it yet , but it is a promise I will keep . It is one of those moments in life where there is a clear demarcation : Before I lost my breasts , and after .
After , I will watch the process of reconstruction and I will be so amazed by the work of art my plastic surgeon is performing that I will not pay attention to the scars . I will be so excited by new hair sprouting that I will show it off even though it is mostly grey . I will still rub anti-wrinkle cream around my eyes , but I will be looking less at the wrinkles and more at the eyes . I will not care , at all , about cellulite when I am paying attention to the feeling of my feet on the ground . Any time the old voice creeps up , wanting to criticize , I will reroute it , and thank my body for carrying me from my bed each morning and back to it again at night .
Courtesy El Paso County Sheriff 's Office Michael Saavedra , 36
Courtesy El Paso County Sheriff 's Office Michael Saavedra , 36
ANTHONY , Texas - An officer with the Texas Anthony Police Department has been arrested , accused of stealing money from the American Legion of which he was president .
Michael Saavedra , 36 , was arrested by Texas Rangers August 15 , said a spokesperson with the Texas Department of Public Safety .
Saavedra is charged with Misapplication of Fiduciary Property of Financial Institution , a third-degree felony .
An amount of the alleged stolen money was not given , but according to Texas Penal Code , a third-degree felony means the amount can range from $ 20,000 to $ 150,000 .
According to jail records , Saavedra bonded out the same day he was arrested . He posted a $ 50,000 bond .
Anthony Police Chief Carlos Enriquez told ABC-7 that Saavedra has been with the department for about six years , and his rank is corporal .
Chief Enriquez said Saavedra is currently on leave without pay , adding that the incident happened while Saavedra was off duty .
A DPS spokesperson said the investigation into Saavedra is in no way related to the Anthony Police Department . The investigation remains ongoing .
The Department of Texas of the American Legion represents all Texas Posts and serves the needs of all veterans of U.S. Armed Forces and their families .
No other details have been released .
Irish men are the world 's sexiest nationality , according to a survey by an American “ travel dating ” website .
MissTravel.com claims to have polled 110,000 single Americans to find the “ The World 's Sexiest Nationalities ” , with Irish men taking almost 8,000 votes from the 66,000 American women who participated in the survey . Australian men ranked second .
Almost half the female respondents listed “ accent ” as the quality that influenced their decision ( Irish men probably have Jamie Dornan , 50 Shades of Grey , to thank ) .
However , in an extraordinary lapse of judgement , Irish women did not make the top 10 list for American men .
Armenian women polled top , followed by “ Barbadian/Bajan ” .
When asked to rank the qualities that contributed to attractiveness when travel dating , “ Body type ” and “ facial features ” ranked highest for the ( shallow ) men polled .
The website matches “ generous travelers who hate to travel alone with attractive travelers who would love the opportunity to travel the world for free ” . It claims to have facilitated more than 300,000 such trips .
Sexiest Nationalities for Men
( Based on dating preferences of 66,309 American women )
1 Irish – 7,862
2 Australian – 6,486
3 Pakistani – 4,761
4 American – 2,909
5 English – 2,133
6 Scottish – 1,554
7 Italian – 905
8 Nigerian – 721
9 Danish – 670
10 Spanish – 598
Sexiest Nationalities for Women
( Based on dating preferences of 44,873 American men )
1 Armenian – 5,971
2 Barbadian/Bajan – 4,036
3 American – 3,402
4 Colombian – 2,741
5 English – 2,006
6 Australian – 1,040
7 Brazilian – 992
8 Filipina – 651
9 Bulgarian – 429
10 Lebanese – 323
Prosecutor alleges footballer used shell company , failed to declare some earnings and under-reported others
Spanish prosecutors have accused the Real Madrid footballer Cristiano Ronaldo of defrauding the authorities of €14.8m ( £12.9m ) in unpaid taxes between 2011 and 2014 .
Madrid 's regional state prosecutor alleged that the player used what it deemed to be a shell company in the Virgin Islands to “ create a screen in order to hide his total income from Spain 's tax office ” .
It said Ronaldo “ intentionally ” did not declare income of €28.4m ( £25m ) related to image rights , and declared €11.5m of earnings from 2011-14 when his real income was almost €43m .
The prosecutor also alleged that the Portuguese falsely reported income as coming from real estate , which it said had greatly reduced his tax rate .
Ronaldo 's agents , GestiFute , had previously maintained he was up to date on his taxes . In a statement on Tuesday GestiFute said : “ There is no offshore structure for evading taxes … [ Cristiano Ronaldo has never ] had a tax problem , contrary to what the Spanish prosecutors insinuate . All contractual modifications … have been made to guarantee that the incomes [ Ronaldo derives ] fully observe Spanish tax regulations . ”
In December last year , GestiFute published details of Ronaldo 's £191m assets in response to allegations of tax evasion .
“ The player has been aware of his tax obligations right away from the beginning of his professional career in all of the countries in which he has resided and has not and has never had any issue with the tax authorities of any of those countries , ” it said in a statement .
Last month , tax officials said Ronaldo had adjusted his tax declarations and paid an extra €6m ( £5.3m ) in 2014 .
Ronaldo , 32 , a four-time Ballon d'Or winner , is not the first high-profile footballer to find himself the target of legal action by the Spanish tax authorities .
In July last year , the Barcelona forward Lionel Messi and his father , Jorge , were sentenced to 21 months in prison for tax fraud . A Barcelona court found that the Messis had evaded tax on Lionel 's image rights , with more than €4m ( £3.5m ) owed in back payments .
Because the court 's sentence was less than two years and neither Messi had a criminal record , neither was sent to prison .
Prosecutors alleged that tax havens in Belize and Uruguay were used to conceal earnings from image rights . Messi said he knew nothing about his financial affairs , while his father said he had been told by a legal adviser that the practice was legal .
On Tuesday , the Madrid state prosecutor cited the verdict against Messi as legal precedent for the case against Ronaldo .
In a statement , released on Wednesday , Real Madrid said : “ Real Madrid have full confidence in Cristiano Ronaldo , who we understand has acted in accordance with the legality regarding the fulfilment of his fiscal obligations . Cristiano Ronaldo has always shown since his arrival to Real Madrid in July 2009 a clear will to fulfil all his tax obligations . Real Madrid is absolutely convinced that Cristiano Ronaldo will prove his total innocence in this process . ”
With Keystone XL back in the news after the pipeline bill failed to pass the Senate , I pulled up the latest UT Energy Poll data to a look at what we know about public opinion on the topic * . While we have not directly asked about attitudes on Keystone itself , we do have data on the decision with regard to voting behavior .
More likely to vote for a candidate who supports approving construction of the Keystone XL pipeline
[ Click to view larger ]
In total , 46 % of Americans say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who supports approval of Keystone and 18 % say they would be less likely . This is up from 41 % six months ago .
Of course , Keystone is n't even North America 's biggest oil-sands pipeline project anymore and Energy East would bypass the need for U.S. approval .
* Sample includes 2,105 U.S. residents aged 18+ and weighted to reflect US Census demographics . Methodology
BELCHERTOWN - Police Chief Francis Fox has been placed on paid administrative leave as town officials investigate a February incident reported by a Granby police officer who said the chief was pulled over in that town for driving erratically in an unmarked cruiser and was observed having a strong odor of alcohol emanating from him .
Belchertown Police Sgt . Bruce Jenks is now the acting police chief .
Fox , who has been chief since 2002 , has declined to comment on the matter .
Selectmen Chairman Ron Aponte took the action in light of the problematic nature of the accusations against Fox . In an interview , Aponte said that Fox neither told the board nor the town administrator about the matter at the time it happened more than seven months ago .
Selectmen first became aware of the matter -- not from Fox -- but via news reports on Wednesday , Aponte said . The decision to suspend Fox , with pay , was made the following day .
Selectmen are expected to discuss the issue at their next scheduled meeting on Monday .
Fox was stopped by Granby police the evening of Feb. 1 .
According to the police report , he emitted a strong odor of alcohol , was argumentative , had trouble standing and nearly fell down upon finally exiting his vehicle -- only doing so when an officer said he would be arrested unless the chief got out of his vehicle . Fox appeared wobbly , and nearly fell when he got out of the cruiser he had been driving .
The report says Fox pulled rank on Granby police , asking them if they knew who he was , the report says .
Granby police had received a call from a motorist saying Fox had nearly hit his vehicle , and was observed driving on the wrong side of the road along Route 202 .
Granby police , which did not arrest him nor charge Fox with a crime , issued a statement this week saying that it was in their discretion to not prosecute him , that they gave him a break , and that they removed the `` public safety threat '' -- Fox -- from where he could do harm , the public roadway .
An officer drove him to his house that night .
This is a developing story . More information will be provided as it becomes available .
The following is the Granby police report on the issue . Warning : The document below includes language that some readers might find objectionable :
Public Info Request 9942015
One of the teenagers arrested in the random shooting death of an Australian man on a baseball scholarship at an Oklahoma college sent out a string of colorful Twitter messages in the days leading up to the gun crime : “ White ppl are nasty , ” read one .
“ HATE THEM , ” the tweet finishes , as The Blaze reported . The tweet came from the account of James Edwards , 15 , one of the three suspects in this week 's street killing of student Chris Lane .
James , who is black , was arrested along with his friends and suspected accomplices , Michael Dewayne Jones , 17 , and Chancey Allen Luna , 16 . James and Chancey were charged with first-degree murder . Michael was arrested for using a vehicle to facilitate the discharge of a weapon— the suspects allegedly fired on Lane from their car as he jogged down the street — and on charges of being an accessory after the fact of first-degree murder .
Some of James ‘ tweets are proving enlightening .
One : “ 90 percent of white ppl are nasty . # HATE THEM . ”
Another : He brags he “ knocked out 5 woods since Zimmerman court. ” The word “ woods , ” The Blaze said , is a term to describe white people in a derogatory manner .
Another , on Aug. 13 : “ With my niggas when it 's time to start taken life 's . ”
And his Facebook account — before it was deactivated — was n't much tamer , The Blaze reported . One posting from April 19 read : “ At the end of the day it 's all about the kill . ”
Police revealed earlier this week that the three teen suspects are believed to have been members of a gang in Duncan , Okla. , where they live . Police also revealed that Michael confessed and said the shooting stemmed from boredom , CBS reported .
Duncan police Chief Danny Ford said that “ the boy who has talked to us said , ‘ We were bored and did n't have anything to do , so we decided to kill somebody , ' ” CBS reported .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
New York Times Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. has admitted that his paper was unconstitutionally biased and disgraced the very principle of the First Amendment . Sulzberger tries to cover up their bias by saying they underestimated Donald Trump 's support among American voters . He then claimed they would “ rededicate ourselves ” to the newspaper 's standards of “ honestly ” reporting news . If the New York Times was not trying to manipulate the people and had dedicated itself to REPORTING the new instead of trying to turn the paper into a propaganda machine , there would have been no need to “ rededicate ” themselves . Of course , once any organization walks down the path of corruption there is no turning back . The biased corruption will NEVER change without firing everyone who participated in writing such stories . They will always try to vindicate their past by misrepresenting facts in the future .
We now face a revolution from the youth all because of the press who conspired with Hillary to manipulate the elections . The New York Times demonized Trump in an attempt to finish him off and hand the throne to Hillary , even after being the first to report the whole email scandal . The New York Times painted Trump supporters as violent degenerates who were homophobic , sexist , racist rednecks , which basically demonized more than 50 % of the American people .
Hillary and her bought and paid for press counted on a huge Spanish vote to carry her to the crown . But Trump won even in Miami , despite the fact that virtually 99 % of all newspapers endorsed Hillary . Now these same newspapers have blood on their hands for the rhetoric they have set forth in demonizing Trump and 50 % of Americans . This is creating the deepest divide this nation has ever seen since the Civil War .
Over the past couple of weeks , quite a few discussions have sprung up surrounding recent changes we made to the in-game bonus trickle experience system . In that time , we 've seen a lot of positive feedback from players who like this system , but we 've also read through quite a few comments from players who would like to see this mechanic implemented a little differently . While we felt that bonus trickle XP satisfied our goals for allowing teams to bridge level gaps , and make comebacks through the use of focused teamwork , we also think there are alternate solutions that are worth exploring . That said , we 'd like to place bonus trickle XP on the backburner while we try out an “ Underdog Bonus ” in the next patch .
How Will the Underdog Bonus Work ?
Bonus trickle experience gains have been removed . Trickle XP will no longer be increased for a team that 's three or more levels behind in a game . Baseline trickle XP , which is the small amount of experience earned at the same rate by both teams over the course of a game , is still present .
A team that is behind in levels – the “ underdog ” – now earns bonus XP when an enemy hero is killed . Starting at a one-level difference , each hero takedown secured by the lower-level team will grant a little more XP than it would at even levels . The amount of bonus XP earned per takedown will scale significantly based on how many levels apart the teams are , and caps off at a four-level difference . Bonus XP will be granted for each takedown until team levels become even .
in levels – the “ underdog ” – now earns bonus XP when an enemy hero is killed .
A team that is ahead in levels now earns fewer experience points for takedowns . This reduction in XP gains per takedown similarly begins at a one-level difference , scales significantly based on the level gap between teams , and caps at a four-level difference . Likewise , takedowns will continue to grant reduced XP until team levels even out .
in levels now earns fewer experience points for takedowns .
How Will this Affect My Games ?
As a result of replacing bonus trickle XP with the new Underdog Bonus , you will likely start to see four and five level gaps crop up between teams from time to time . This will occasionally happen when teams of varying skill are matched together due to the limited Tech Alpha population . Please keep in mind , however , that the amount of mismatched games will dramatically diminish as more and more players are invited to test the game .
You can also expect larger level gaps to occur in part because the Underdog Bonus places more control into the hands of your team , and offers additional opportunities to eke out a comeback over the course of a game . If you 're ahead in levels , you 'll need to remain focused , and give up as few takedowns as possible to maintain the lead while you work toward the enemy Core . If your team finds itself behind , you 'll have to decide how best to close up that level gap . Do you take an enemy Fort , split up to soak XP in-lane , or dig in your heels and make life as difficult as possible for your opponents in hopes of scoring a few takedowns ?
What 's Next ?
Please keep in mind that this is an early implementation for the Underdog Bonus . We wanted to get this system into your hands as soon as possible , because we ca n't be entirely sure how it will affect gameplay on a broad scale with the limited number of matches we could squeeze into our internal playtests . Additionally , we 're already working on a more refined version of the system , which we 're hoping to release with another patch a little further down the road .
We realize there are pros and cons to the bonus trickle XP and Underdog Bonus systems alike , and we 'd like to remind you that none of this is final . We 're ultimately not yet sure which we 'll wind up using , or if there 's a third option worth trying in the future , but we are trying to find the best solution we can . We 'll continue to review playtest data , as well as your feedback , and make any additional changes as needed while we work toward this goal .
As always , thank you for your continued feedback for Heroes of the Storm . We hope that you 'll send your thoughts on the new Underdog Bonus our way after you get a chance to play a few games following the patch . Until then , good luck in your next match !
Jason Scott ( Photo : DOVER POLICE )
A Hartly man was arrested Wednesday night after Dover police say he followed a woman to her home and shot her car five times after he was n't allowed in the house .
Police were called at 6:46 p.m. Wednesday to the 1000 block of S. Bradford St. for a report of multiple shots fired in the area , Master Cpl . Mark Hoffman said . There , officers found a black vehicle with multiple bullet holes in it and the 34-year-old woman who reported the incident , he said .
The woman told police that she and 29-year-old Jason Scott were having an argument when she got out of the vehicle , Hoffman said . Scott then followed her to a friend 's home on South Bradford Street and tried to get inside the home to talk to her , he said .
When he was n't allowed inside , he left the home and shot the woman 's car five times before leaving , Hoffman said .
Police picked up Scott at his home and arrested him without incident . Hoffman said they also found the gun used in the shooting and additional evidence .
Scott was charged with possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony , two counts of aggravated menacing , criminal mischief and endangering the welfare of a child .
Bail information was not yet available Thursday morning .
Contact Brittany Horn at ( 302 ) 324-2771 or bhorn @ delawareonline.com . Follow her on Twitter at @ brittanyhorn .
Read or Share this story : http : //delonline.us/1X0pA6V
It 's a lot of fun to watch the San Francisco Giants offense these days . They 've managed to hit their way back into a race for the NL West crown . After falling to 5.5 games back of the Dodgers on July 10th the Giants now sit 1 game back of their rivals . In the race for a Wild Card spot the Giants are 2.5 games ahead of the Cubs for the final slot . Pittsburgh holds the lead by 3 games for home field in the coin flip game .
As a result of being pretty much the best offense in baseball lately the Giants have won 11 of 12 games . If you want to push it a little further they have gone 12-2 since the return of Hunter Pence .
The offense just keeps going . The Giants are 1st in hits , batting average , and on base percentage in the NL . They are second in runs scored , and have the 3rd best on base + slugging percentage . Over the last 12 games the Giants are averaging 6.3 runs a game and 12.2 hits . My dad used to tell me you should average 2 hits for every run . His story checks out .
The guy going bananas right now is Buster Posey . During this 12 game stretch he 's batting .511 with an OPS of 1.066 . He 's driven in 10 runs and scored 7 . It just seems like he 's always on base . Posey does n't have any homers over this span but he has n't needed them . It looks like late 2012 without the power .
Angel Pagan has been a nice surprise in the leadoff spot during this run . He 's batting .315 and has scored 10 runs . With Nori Aoki coming back he 's made a bid to stay at the top of the lineup . For my two cents , I want to see Pagan dropped back down and allow Aoki to take the top spot in the order again .
It 's not the Pagan at bats leading off an inning or game that scare me . He has been pretty good at getting on base early . It 's the ones when he comes up with 2 outs and runners on that freak me out . And so often it seems like he swings at the first pitch in those situations . When Pagan works a count he 's usually trying to get an inning going . Maybe he thinks that every pitcher wants to throw a get me over pitch to start him off . I do n't know . I just know I want Aoki batting more than Pagan . Give me the guy with a .383 OBP which is second on the team behind Posey . Pagan has just a .304 OBP and that 's the worst of any regular player the Giants send out there .
Let 's go back to Hunter Pence . The first thing that jumps out is that the Giants are 30-8 in games he 's played . In those first 18 games he played between DL stints the Giants went 12-6 , in the 14 games since Pence came back this time the team is 12-2 .
Over the most recent 14 games Pence has driven in 15 runs . He 's homered 3 times , the most important one was in Arizona that tied the game right after the All-Star break . Pence is batting .321 since his return with an OPS of .948 . In his first 18 games that was a .282 BA and .780 OPS . He 's also managed 5 doubles and that 's come primarily from Hunter 's right field approach . He 's been looking away recently and only turning on a pitch if it drifts to the inner half .
The 2-3-4 hitters in the Giants lineup are all batting over .300 . There are only 14 guys in the NL doing that and the Giants have 3 of them . Posey is 4th at .328 , Joe Panik is 8th at .311 , and Matt Duffy is sitting 12th with a .302 average . Panik is 3rd in hits with 113 and Posey has 110 hits which places him 5th .
There 's also length in the lineup . Brandon Belt is 2nd in the NL with 26 doubles . That surprised me a little . Let 's not forget Brandon Crawford who shares the team lead in home runs ( 14 ) with Posey . These guys help keep the line moving after the top guys are getting on base .
I know this post is all about how kick ass the Giants offense is but I ca n't let 2 pitching notes go by . First , I tip my cap to Tim Hudson . With the Giants 4-3 victory over the A 's on Sunday he 's now beaten all 30 MLB teams . He 's the 15th pitcher to do it . Hudson is the 4th one of those pitchers to spend time with San Francisco . The other three are Terry Mulholland , Barry Zito , and new Hall of Famer Randy Johnson .
The other great pitching note of late is the bullpen . Over the last 14 games Giants relievers have allowed 6 runs in 45.1 innings . A miniscule 1.19 ERA . They have a 2-0 record and are 7-for-7 in save chances .
The orange and black are streaking and tearing the cover off the ball in the process . The next 3 games are at home against the Brewers , a team they swept in 3 games while scoring 17 runs back in May at Miller Park . The Brewers are not scoring runs . They managed just 5 total this past weekend in 4 games at Arizona and were shut out each of the last 2 days . Hopefully this all means the Giants can keep up their winning ways the next 3 days at AT & T Park .
Remember to follow us on Twitter , like us on Facebook , and subscribe to our YouTube channel if you have n't already .
-Eric
@ 2outhits
Do you think college students should have to give their school access to their social media accounts ? Neither does the state of Michigan . Is n't it kind of amazing that this even came up ?
Joseph Cohn of the FIRE reports .
A Legislative Victory for Student Rights in Michigan
On December 28 , 2012 , Michigan Governor Rick Snyder signed into law the state 's new Internet Privacy Protection Act ( IPPA ) , prohibiting employers and educational institutions in the Great Lakes State from demanding that employees and students provide them with access to personal Internet and social media accounts .
Michigan joins Delaware , New Jersey , and California as the fourth state in the U.S. to enact legislation protecting students ' right to privacy online . Maryland and Illinois have similar laws that apply in the employment context , but not in the context of higher education .
With a few notable exceptions , Michigan 's IPPA bans educational institutions from requesting that students or prospective students grant the institution access to “ personal internet accounts , ” like Facebook , MySpace , private email accounts , and Twitter . This prohibition forbids universities from requiring disclosure of passwords , or from requiring that they be permitted to monitor those accounts . The new law also prohibits educational institutions from “ Expel [ ling ] , disciplin [ ing ] , fail [ ing ] to admit , or otherwise penaliz [ ing ] ” those who fail to grant access to their personal Internet accounts .
Violators of this law are guilty of a misdemeanor punishable by a $ 1,000 fine . Plus , the IPPA allows students or prospective students to sue universities for up to $ 1,000 and reasonable attorneys ' fees for violations of this law . A thousand bucks might not be much , but attorneys ' fees can add up . Hopefully , a misdemeanor charge and the threat of paying attorneys ' fees will give this law sufficient teeth .
Tonight 's presidential debate ignored the biggest issue on the minds of millions of pro-life voters — where the candidates stand on the more than four decades of legalized abortions that have collectively destroyed the lives of 58 million unborn children .
While the debate did n't get into the important issue , pro-life voters ca n't forget how , during an interview on The View , Hillary Clinton said an unborn child just hours before delivery should have no Constitutional rights . her comments come just days after Clinton said unborn children simply do not have any Constitutional rights , which would include the right to life .
During the interview a host on The View followed up on the previous comments :
PAULA FARIS : And Secretary , I want to ask you about some comments that you made over the weekend on Meet the Press regarding abortion . You said , quote , “ the unborn person does n't have constitutional rights. ” My question is at what point does someone have constitutional rights , and are you saying that a child , on its due date , just hours before delivery still has no constitutional rights ?
HILLARY CLINTON : Under our law , that is the case .
But was Clinton just citing the current law ? No , she continues on to say that she supports Roe v. Wade , which makes it the case that unborn children have no constitutional rights even hours before birth . She added that she thinks women should have the sole decision-making power over the lives of unborn children without any limits .
SIGN THE PLEDGE ! We Oppose Hillary Clinton !
If elected , Clinton potentially would be the most pro-abortion president in U.S. history . Clinton 's abortion stance is radical and out of touch with most Americans . She promised Planned Parenthood that she would try to overturn the Hyde Amendment and force taxpayers to fund abortions , which would funnel even more tax dollars to the abortion industry .
In February , she defended the gruesome partial-birth abortion procedure . Then , during an interview on The View in April , Clinton said an unborn child just hours before delivery should have no Constitutional rights . At a presidential forum at Drake University , Clinton called ending the life of another human being in an abortion a “ fundamental human right . ”
The Trump-Pence team would present a stark contrast on abortion to Clinton . Trump has promised to appoint pro-life judges who will protect the right to life for unborn babies .
“ We are going to appoint great Supreme Court justices… These will be justices of great intellect… And they will be pro-life , ” Trump told pro-life leaders in June .
Trump also released a well-received list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees — a list pro-life groups hailed for having strong supporters of the Constitution .
Pence is a pro-life champion who has signed multiple pieces of pro-life legislation into law and led the fight in Congress to de-fund Planned Parenthood . Earlier this year , Pence signed a law to protect unborn babies with disabilities like Down syndrome from being aborted .
Earlier this year , Planned Parenthood called Trump “ dangerous ” because he would “ ban abortions. ” In June , the abortion chain also attacked Trump as “ hateful ” in a series of online ads aimed at young voters .
While Clinton supports abortion , Donald Trump recently released a well-received list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees — a list pro-life groups hailed for having strong supporters of the Constitution . Trump also recently hired a key pro-life advocate has his domestic policy director .
If Trump is the nominee , he would present a stark contrast on abortion to pro-abortion Democrat Hillary Clinton .
Trump has specifically promised he would sign a bill as president to de-fund Planned Parenthood . In an interview with David Brody of CBN , Trump made that promise :
David Brody : “ As a President Trump , if a bill came to your desk that would defund Planned Parenthood you would support that , you would sign that ? ”
Donald Trump : “ Yes , because as long as they do the abortion I am not for funding Planned Parenthood… As long as they 're involved with abortion , as far as I 'm concerned forget it , I would n't fund them regardless . I would defund Planned Parenthood because of their view and the fact of their work on abortion… . I am for defunding Planned Parenthood as long as they are involved with abortion . ”
As far as Trump 's comments on Planned Parenthood funding are concerned , Trump has fairly consistently said he opposes taxpayer funding but he 's also made some remarks about the “ good things ” Planned Parenthood does that have alarmed pro-life voters — as if any “ good thing ” could make up for the fact that planned Parenthood kills 330,000 unborn babies a year in abortions and then sells their body parts for profit .
Meanwhile , Trump said he thinks the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court case that ushered in an era of 48 million abortions was “ wrongly decided. ” Trump said he would appoint “ very good judges ” who would ultimately “ change it ” but he opposed Roe without specifically saying it should be overturned .
Here are some of the headlines we 've carried at LifeNews.com in recent months that provide further details on what Trump has said regarding Planned Parenthood funding :
August 4 : Donald Trump : Shut Down the Federal Government to De-Fund Planned Parenthood
August 11 : Donald Trump : Planned Parenthood is an “ Abortion Factory ”
August 17 : Donald Trump : Videos of Planned Parenthood Selling Aborted Babies Were “ Disgusting , ” De-Fund It
August 26 : Donald Trump : Planned Parenthood is an “ Abortion Factory ” That Sells Baby Parts Like Automobiles
October 19 : Donald Trump : “ Planned Parenthood Should Absolutely be De-Funded ”
December 2 : Donald Trump : De-Fund Planned Parenthood and “ Look Carefully at ” Overturning Roe v. Wade
December 22 : Donald Trump : Unless Planned Parenthood Stops Doing Abortions , We Should De-Fund It
MacAdmins is the premier East Coast conference for anyone who deploys and manages Macs and iOS devices . In 2018 we featured 67 sessions and six workshops with top notch speakers in the macOS and iOS deployment community . MacAdmins offers an incredible level of expertise , value , entertainment , and a great opportunity to network with your fellow admins !
2019 's event will be held July 9 – 12 at the Penn Stater Hotel and Conference Center in State College , PA .
Call for proposals are open ! Want to present at MacAdmins ? Check out our call for proposals page for more information .
Important Upcoming Dates :
December 14 , 2018 : Call for presentations begins
March 2019 : Registration opens
July 9 , 2019 : MacAdmins Conference begins !
Resources
Thank you for making 2018 a success ! Slides and Videos are available on our Resources page .
Sign up for our MacAdmins Conference Newsletter for the latest news !
Those were not Russian hackers who provided WikiLeaks with secret documents on German authorities ' mass surveillance practices , but a source in the German parliament , German media reported on Saturday .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Last week , the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine reported , quoting an official in the German intelligence service ( Bundesnachrichtendienst , BND ) , that there was high probability that documents published by WikiLeaks on December 1 , had been stolen as a result of an alleged cyberattack from Russia in spring 2015 .
On Saturday , the newspaper said , citing Spiegel magazine exclusive , that the BND suspects an official from the German parliament of leaking documents to WikiLeaks . A parliament representative confirmed in an interview with Spiegel that an investigation over the violation of the official secrecy and non-disclosure of the classified information was launched .
On December 1 , WikiLeaks released about 2,500 secret documents concerning massive surveillance conducted by the US and German spy agencies . The release came amid investigation of the German parliament into the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) spying scandal , which occurred after whistleblower Edward Snowden told journalists that the BND spied on German citizens for the NSA .
ST. LOUIS , Mo . – Saint Louis FC announced on Saturday the club had signed former FC Cincinnati forward Kadeem Dacres , pending league and federation approval . The striker is no stranger to STLFC fans , having been a member of Louisville City FC for two seasons prior to heading to Cincinnati this past year .
“ I 'm excited about this new chapter with Saint Louis FC , ” said Dacres . “ [ STLFC Head Coach ] Anthony [ Pulis ] is building something special here and I ca n't wait to get started with the guys . ”
Dacres has made more than 100 appearances in the USL over his first four seasons in the league , having begun his career with Phoenix Rising FC in 2014 where he recorded three goals and one assist .
The 26-year-old then joined Louisville City FC for its inaugural season in 2015 , and made 55 appearances for the club including a pair of trips to the Eastern Conference Final of the USL Cup Playoffs . Dacres recorded nine goals and four assists over his two seasons with Louisville before joining FC Cincinnati last offseason , where he recorded 12 key passes over 22 appearances , but was held off the scoresheet over the season .
Image copyright Jonathan Bow Image caption Ichthyosaurs swam the world 's oceans while dinosaurs walked the land
An amateur fossil hunter has unearthed a 7ft skeleton of a carnivorous marine reptile on a beach in south Wales .
Jonathan Bow , 34 , discovered the ichthyosaur while walking the shoreline in the Penarth area .
A palaeontologist at the National Museum Wales said the discovery is important as it appears to be complete .
`` Something this large and complete is a once in a lifetime find , '' said Mr Bow , a computer programmer in Swansea .
Other fossils from the Jurassic period have been unearthed in the area , dating back 200 million years .
He said anyone walking the dog on the beach could have found it , adding that an inch-long piece of rock took his eye after being exposed on a changing tide in September .
It took Mr Bow and his brother a day to expose the fossil in about 60kg ( 132lb ) of stone .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jonathan Bow described the fossil as a 'whopper '
But he explained that the `` labour intensive '' work only began after it was taken away from the beach in three sections .
The stone around it had to be removed so it could be fully appreciated and then he alerted the museum service about his find .
Ichthyosaurs ( fish lizards ) were predatory reptiles that swam the world 's oceans while dinosaurs walked the land .
They died out around 25 million years before the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs and were replaced by plesiosaurs , a long neck marine reptile .
Mr Bow has also discovered part of a jaw of a plesiosaur since he started his hobby several years ago .
Palaeontologist Cindy Howells , collections manager in the Department of Geology at National Museum Wales , described the ichthyosaur as a `` potentially very , very important find '' given it was complete .
She has only seen it in photographs and hopes to view it for herself soon along with the other finds made by Mr Bow .
Ms Howells said other ichthyosaur skulls and paddles have been found in Wales previously but never a fully articulated specimen , although other complete remains have been discovered in Dorset and elsewhere .
Special Report : Cycling Cannon Cycle Track : Growing Year-Round Ridership and Smoother Traffic The Cannon cycle track proves that with high-quality infrastructure design and routine maintenance , it is possible to dramatically increase the number of bicycle trips without any downside for other road users . By Ryan McGreal
Published April 10 , 2017
This article has been updated .
Overlooked in all the light rail transit ( LRT ) hoopla over the last couple of weeks , the April 3 , 2017 Public Works Committee meeting received an update on the Cannon Street Cycle Track , and it 's a good-news story . ( It 's item 5.3 in the agenda , but we ca n't link directly to it for the usual reason . )
Significant Ridership Growth
Peak daily summer ridership on the cycle track has increased from 580 cyclists in 2016 to 700 cyclists in 2017 , and peak daily winter ridership has increased from 75 cyclists a day in 2016 to 200 cyclists a day in 207 .
Peak Daily Ridership Year-Over-Year , Summer and Winter 2015 2016 % Increase Summer 580 700 20.7 % Winter 75 200 166.7 %
This is based on a counter that was installed on Cannon west of Bay Street North on December 11 , 2015 and west of Victoria Avenue North on January 19 , 2016 . The Bay Street counter recorded 52,231 trips for the year of 2016 and the Victoria counter recorded an impressive 158,170 trips .
One important note on these counts : based on an analysis of Hamilton Bike Share data for Cannon and York Streets that I conducted last August , most bike share trips that use Cannon are short and local . The average total trip distance was 2.92 km , with an average distance of 0.65 km along a segment of Cannon .
As a result of this observed cycling behaviour , the two counters the city uses actually miss most of the bike trips that use the cycle track , so the reported numbers significantly under-report total ridership .
Pehaps most impressive is the large year-over-year increase in peak winter cycling along the Cannon Cycle Track . Of course , some of this is due to the relatively mild winter we 've just had , but last winter was also relatively mild - especially compared to the brutal previous winter .
Cyclists on Cannon Cycle Track in winter ( RTH file photo )
Surely some of the credit for the sustained number of winter cyclists must go to the City 's commitment to ensuring the Cannon Cycle Track is cleared of snow in a timely fashion .
Improved Automobile Traffic Flow
Meanwhile , the staff report also reviews the cycle track 's impact on driving . In a counterintuitive but common result , automobile traffic flow has actually improved with the introduction of the cycle track .
AM peak travel time along the corridor improved from 7.6 minutes before the cycle track was installed to 5.0 minutes after . PM peak travel time declined only very slightly from 6.4 minutes before the cycle track was installed to 6.6 minutes after .
Another interesting observation is that the peak automobile volumes declined in both AM and PM peak hours after the cycle track was installed . East of Bay Street , AM peak volume deceased from 1,576 vehicles/hour to 1,254 , and PM peak volume decreased from 2,169 vehicles/hour to 1,720 .
Changes to Peak Travel Time with Cycle Track Before After Change AM Peak Travel Time ( min ) 7.6 5.0 -2.6 PM Peak Travel Time ( min ) 6.4 6.6 0.2 AM Peak Volume ( veh/hr ) 1,576 1,254 -322 PM Peak Volume ( veh/hr ) 2,169 1,720 -449
It is interesting to note that total automobile traffic volumes have decreased since the cycle track was installed . There are a few possible interpretations :
Some vehicle trips have been replaced with bike trips
Some vehicle trips have been shifted to other routes
Some vehicle trips have been shifted to other times of day
Some vehicle trips have been replaced with trips to different destinations
The important thing to note is that vehicle traffic volumes are not rigid and fixed , as many people assume . They are fluid and respond dynamically to the environment via the law of induced demand .
At bottom , the law of induced demand is quite simple and obvious : when you make it safer , easier and more comfortable to do something , people do more of it .
Traffic Collisions
It should come as no surprise that the absolute number of vehicle-bicycle collisions has gone up since the cycle track was installed , since the number of cyclists along each segment of Cannon increased from roughly zero to several hundred a day .
The number of vehicle-cyclist collisions on Cannon increased from an average of 6.2 per year in the five years before the cycle track was installed to 16 in the first year and 10 in the second year .
The reduction from year one to year two is likely due to a combination of factors . For one , during 2015 city staff implemented some improvements to the cycle track to add pavement markings through intersections . This increased the visibility of the cycle track at the main conflict points - where left-turning drivers have to cross the path of cyclists riding through the intersection .
Intersection pavement markings on Cannon Cycle Track at John ( RTH file photo )
Another important factor is increased driver awareness of the cycle track and the presence of cyclists as people have gotten used to the new cycling facilities . An important aspect of this is the well-demonstrated safety in numbers effect : as the number of cyclists goes up , the risk of injury goes down .
Given the huge increase in the number of people riding bikes on Cannon , the risk of a vehicle-bike collision on Cannon has actually plummetted .
Meanwhile , the number of vehicle-pedestrian collisions has remained roughly the same , from an average of 4.6 per year in the five years before the cycle track was installed to 7 in the first year and 2 in the second year .
Similarly , the number of vehicle-vehicle collisions has also remained the same - from an average of 46.6 per year in the five years before the cycle track was installed to 44 in each of the first two years after .
Change in Collisions with Cycle Track Prev 5 Yrs Yr 1 Change Yr 2 Change Yr 1 Change from Prev 5 Vehicle/Pedestrian 4.6 7 2.4 2 -5 -2.6 Vehicle/Cyclist 6.2 16 9.8 10 -6 3.8 Vehicle/ebike 0.6 12 11.4 15 3 14.4 Vehicle/Vehicle 46.6 44 -2.6 44 0 -2.6 Total 58 79 21 71 -8 13
Under Budget
When the Cannon Cycle Track was presented to Council with a budget of $ 867,200 , some Councillors objected to such a high cost for something that is to be used by cyclists .
The good news is that staff has been able to contain costs so effectively that the project is currently $ 343,100 under budget . To date , staff have spent only $ 524,100 on the cycle track . That 's an impressive 39.6 percent savings below the budgeted cost .
The report explains that staff were able to realize these savings by reducing the cost of traffic modifications ( pavement markings , signs and traffic signals ) , reducing the use of consultants for design work , and eliminating the contingency and administration costs .
Given the recent auditor 's report on consultant cost overruns , this is very welcome news .
Summary
All in all , the Cannon cycle track has been a real success , proving all the naysayers and concern trolls wrong about its cost , usage , and impact on driving .
With high-quality infrastructure design and routine maintenance , it is possible to dramatically increase the number of bicycle trips without any downside for other road users - and at minimal cost .
This is true even in Hamilton , whose squelchers insist against all evidence that Hamilton is somehow so different from every other city on earth that universal principles of good urban design somehow wo n't work here .
Update : updated to add a section on the project cost coming in 39.6 percent under budget . Thanks to KevinLove for pointing this out in the comments .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant . Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton . Ryan writes a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator . He also maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
20 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Parkay Quarts ' Content Nausea is now out in all formats ! Well , not cassette . And not 8-track . And certainly not laserdisc . But if you 'd like to cop some CDs or LPs , They 've got you covered . We 've also got some new eye candy for you today .
The band 's Austin Brown had previously collaborated with Johann Rashid ( of Australian band East Link ) on the “ Black and White ” video , and they take a similar approach to their new video for Content Nausea 's “ Pretty Machines. ” It follows Brown as he goes about his day , occasionally in disguise , but part of an endless loop that takes him from the beginning to the end and back again . The use of overlapping frames lends a level of surrealist doubt to the whole affair : What is real ? What is perceived ?
PARQUET COURTS TOUR DATES :
Sat . Jan. 24 – Baltimore , MD @ Ottobar w/ Priests
Sun . Jan. 25 – Charlottesville , VA @ The Southern w/ Priests
Mon . Jan. 26 – Raleigh , NC @ Kings w/ Priests & Whatever Brains
Wed. Jan. 28 – Athens , GA @ 40 Watt
Thu . Jan. 29 – Atlanta , GA @ The Earl
Fri. Jan. 30 – Gainseville , FL @ The Wooly w/ Merchandise & Soda
Sat . Jan. 31 – Tampa , FL @ American Legion Hall w/ Merchandise & Soda
Mon . Feb. 2 – Tallahassee , FL @ Club Down Under w/ Merchandise & Soda
Tue . Feb. 3 – Pensecola , FL @ Vinyl Music Hall w/ Merchandise & Soda
Wed. Feb. 4 – Birmingham , AL @ The Bottletree w/ Nots & Moodkiller
Thu . Feb. 5 – Nashville , TN @ Exit/In w/ Nots
Fri. Feb. 6 – Asheville , NC @ The Mothlight w/ Whatever Brains
Sat . Feb. 7 – Washington , DC @ Black Cat
Sun . Feb. 8 – Philadelphia , PA @ First Unitarian Church w/ Blues Control & Sheer Mag
Mon . Feb. 9 – Brooklyn , NY @ The Palisades w/ Future Punx & Eaters
Sat . Apr . 11 – Indio , CA @ Coachella
Sat . Apr . 18 – Indio , CA @ Coachella
http : //tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/StarfishAliens
Advertisement :
These Starfish Aliens are really alien aliens . They may have :
If the aliens in question have two or more of the above traits , you 're usually dealing with a Starfish Alien . However they are still `` people '' in the sense of having :
Some kind of language , not necessarily verbal , we can learn to interpret ( or maybe not , but we can at least recognize it as a language ) .
Culture
Their own belief systems , however unusual .
Advertisement : A mind-set that admits to things like logic and intuition ; not necessarily those things by our definitions , but things like them .
At least some resemblance to living things with which we are familiar . They eat , sleep , reproduce , etc . ; they are clearly organic beings , or else Mechanical Lifeforms .
Sometimes , however , they are too alien and their language , mind-set and culture remain incomprehensible to humans . Often ( particularly if the beings ca n't communicate easily with humans ) they will be presumed to be evil by the human protagonists without any actual proof . But in accordance with We Come in Peace  Shoot to Kill , starfish aliens who run across innocent , open-minded humans are themselves known to do beyond-horrible things to them , then excuse themselves later with an explanation that they were only trying to communicate with or greet us in the way they know how . Usually , their language and communication are so different from ours that if there is to be any communication between our species and theirs , it must be done by technological means of translation or them taking on a form humans can interact with . In an extreme case of varelse-class incompatibilities , there may exist no possible means of communication other than mutual destruction .
Advertisement :
Given the long , strange history of life on Earth ( a given house includes such a bewildering variety of life as humans , houseplants , pets , spiders , molds , bacteria , etc . ) , it 's likely if we ever actually encounter alien life it might fit in this category . Species that evolve naturally would have adapted to solve similar basic problems : obtaining food/necessities , negotiating natural disaster , adapting to new circumstances , avoiding contamination by pathogens and parasites , competing with other species , competing with themselves , and so forth . So we would expect to find at least a few familiar aspects to their psychology as opposed to sheer indecipherable mystery ... if they evolved in similar conditions as us .
These are much more common in animation , video games , and literature than they are in live-action media , due to the likelihood of Special Effects Failure . They are typically located towards the `` hard '' end of the Sci-Fi Hardness Scale , though when their biology becomes sufficiently improbable , they may soften it instead . When a story is told from the point of view of Starfish Aliens , and other decidedly non human creatures , it 's Xenofiction .
Super Trope to Octopoid Aliens . The inverse of Human Aliens or Rubber-Forehead Aliens . Aliens that do n't look like humans , but still have basically the same body type are Humanoid Aliens , or Intelligent Gerbils , if they 're obviously based off a particular Earth animal . Insectoid Aliens effectively split the difference .
Prone to enter Grotesque Gallery . May speak a Starfish Language . See also Bizarre Alien Biology , Starfish Robots , and Our Monsters Are Weird . Compare Eldritch Abomination ( both tropes have some overlap ) . The Trope Namer is H.P . Lovecraft 's At the Mountains of Madness , written in 1931 , where the Elder Things are described as having starfish-like appendages .
Examples :
open/close all folders
Anime and Manga
Card Games
Top Trumps : the Planets and Aliens set has a glorious selection of complete freakazoids , with the exclusion of a couple of living teddy bears and Bob McTerrifyingly-Normal from Earth .
The actual Alien archtype in Yu-Gi-Oh ! is pretty easy to understand , as most of them range from The Greys to Alien-style creatures that are still relatively humanoid . The Worm archtype on the other hand are truly strange , as they have wildly different physical appearances with only a few of them being even vaguely humanoid . The boss monster , Worm Zero , crosses over into Eldritch Abomination territory , as it appears as a building-sized moonlike sphere of flesh that is formed by absorbing the bodies of other Worms and seems to be able to affect reality .
Comic Books
Comic Strips
Aliens in The Far Side are usually depicted as semi-humanoid blobby creatures with numerous tentacles with eyes on the ends growing out of their bodies . They 're almost invariably huge , capture humans like bugs ( to which they are the size of ) , and speak random gibberish ( unless understanding what they say is necessary for the joke ) .
Many of the aliens Spaceman Spiff encounters over the course of Calvin and Hobbes .
Fan Works
Asuka Quest has the Angels nicknamed Giant Alien Starfish because they 're actually this trope rather than anything actually religious in nature , so the original name came off as pretentious .
Eugenesis goes into some detail about the Quintesson ( See Western Animation below ) , and their origins . Since they 're neither fully organic nor fully mechanical , they are n't born in the traditional sense , and tend to be born via budding . Mention is made of some of the original Quintessons being rolled like dough from Unicron 's surface .
Pinballs
Tabletop Games
Theatre
The 2008 European live tour of The Rocky Horror Show- ie , a fully staged live performance , not just the movie and Audience Participation- had this as a twist ending . Riff Raff and Magenta reappear toward the end as twelve-foot-tall monstrosities with human upper bodies mounted on long robes concealing God-only-knew what , thus making their ( and Frank 's ) human appearances throughout the rest of the show nothing more than A Form You Are Comfortable With . This opens up all kinds of new implications about Frank 's addiction to human sex , his building a human , the declaration that `` [ his ] lifestyle 's too extreme '' , and Riff and Magenta 's eagerness to return to their home planet .
Little Shop of Horrors gives us the unforgettable `` Audrey II '' as the Big Bad . Audrey II is a talking , singing Plant Alien resembling a Venus flytrap on steroids . It reproduces and spreads by producing pods to colonize planets , and it can see and hear perfectly fine despite having no visible eyes or ears . Oh , and it needs blood to survive . Lots of blood . Because of this , Audrey II is entirely inimical toward humanity , yet it also displays strong interpersonal skills , manipulating its human pawns through its sassy , smooth-talking charm .
Web Comics
Web Original
Western Animation
Real Life
Frozen berries and hepatitis A : Local growers quick to freeze fruit after imported products recalled , linked to virus
Updated
Two of Australia 's berry growing families are going head-to-head in the marketplace against imported frozen berries , after a hepatitis A food scare prompted the second national recall of berries grown and processed overseas in as many years .
`` We 'd been toying with the idea of frozen berries for many years ... when the hep A scare came out it became at the forefront of peoples minds and all of a sudden there was the opportunity , '' grower Matt Gallace said .
The Gallace family started investing in new state of the art freezing machinery two years ago when 25 people contracted the hepatitis A virus after eating Nanna 's frozen fruit , which was grown and packed overseas .
`` The thing with overseas grown fruit is there is no traceability no accountability ... there are different practices and standards all around the world , '' Ruth Gallace said .
`` The way the labelling laws are in Australia you ca n't be confident about the origin of what you 're buying . ''
That means fruit could be grown in one country and packed in another .
The strawberries at the Gallace 's farms are all handpicked and graded , before being washed and individually snap frozen .
It is the washing that this family believes sets its berries apart from the overseas-processed fruit .
`` They come in from the field as whole fruit , we hull them they are still whole fruit , they come through the washer it goes through the blast freezer down to -60C ... there 's not a lot of time in between picking and blast freezing and it ensures that you get a product that is uncompromised , '' Mr Gallace said .
The family has negotiated a trial with one of the big supermarkets to supply their frozen berries to 20 stores across Victoria .
The big question is whether will customers pay more for locally grown , locally processed frozen berries ?
`` I think that people are more informed and concerned about the origins of their food these days for a whole host of reasons , food safety being one , '' Ms Gallace said .
`` There are so many reasons to buy Australian and we have found that we have a really loyal customer that has either gone off frozen fruit completely and they 've returned to the category or of course have switched over . ''
Tasmanian berry farmers the Clark family are also targeting the Australian frozen fruit market with a locally grown and processed product .
Their raspberries and blackcurrants are grown on old hop fields at Westerway in the Derwent Valley , north-west of Hobart .
The move into frozen goods started with a very timely trial run a couple of years ago .
`` We froze 3,000 or 4,000 packs just on a hunch the year before the problem with imported frozen berries , those berries hit the shelves the moment after the outbreak had happened and they were snapped up almost immediately , '' said third-generation grower Richard Clark .
Since then the family has built a high-tech freezing facility on its farm .
`` We 've got a state-of-the-art liquid nitrogen tunnel ... the benefit of using liquid nitrogen as opposed to conventional freezing is the speed at which those berries are frozen and by freezing very quickly you get very limited crystallisation forming inside the berry . ''
`` When those berries thaw out , they are not too dissimilar to when they go in — they do n't go soft and mushy and they retain a lot of their flavour , '' Mr Clark said .
Both berry-growing families believe the most recent scare linking Creative Gourmet 's Chinese-grown-and-processed berries and a handful of hepatitis A cases adds to the case for buying locally grown product .
In the end it will the supermarkets and the consumers that will dictate whether Australia 's emerging frozen berry ranges will survive against the cut-price versions coming from overseas .
`` We ca n't compete on a pure price basis but we can compete on value , '' Mr Clark said .
`` I think Australians will think of the value of buying Australian product and the surety and the knowledge of where that product came from . ''
Topics : rural , agricultural-crops , fruit , fruits , vegetable-fruit-nuts , business-economics-and-finance , small-business , food-safety , health , occupational-health-and-safety , food-processing , hepatitis , sustainable-and-alternative-farming , westerway-7140 , yarra-2580 , australia
First posted
Fulton County restaurants scored less than 70 on recent reports .
What 's considered failing ?
Restaurants that receive a score of 70 or less ( out of 100 ) on its health inspection is failing , according to the Fulton County Environmental Health Services Department .
AdvertisementWith out further ado , here 's a list of Fulton County restaurants that failed health inspection in March -- Bon appétit !
Taco Mac : Metropolis Failed inspection : March 13 , 2014
Score : 61
Grade : U - Click here for the full report and list of violations
- Click here for the full report and list of violations Address : 933 PEACHTREE ST ATLANTA , GA 30308
Carolyn 's Gourmet Cafe Failed inspection : March 18 , 2014
Score : 69
Grade : U - Click here for the full report and list of violations
- Click here for the full report and list of violations Address : 1151 WEST PEACHTREE ST ATLANTA , GA 3030
Enzo Japanese Restaurant Failed inspection : March 10 , 2014
Score : 51
Grade : U - Click here for the full report and list of violations
- Click here for the full report and list of violations Address : 8540 ROSWELL RD ATLANTA , GA 30350
American Wings Failed inspection : March 27 , 2014
Score : 54
Grade : U - Click here for the full report and list of violations
- Click here for the full report and list of violations Address : 890 EAST CLEVELAND AVE ATLANTA , GA 30315
Waffle House Failed inspection : March 31 , 2014
Score : 67
Grade : U - Click here for the full report and list of violations
- Click here for the full report and list of violations Address : 4852 OLD NATIONAL HWY COLLEGE PARK , GA 30349
Caf president Ahmad Ahmad opens the two-day symposium on the future of the continental game
The Africa Cup of Nations could be moved to June or July as part of changes being discussed by the continent 's ruling body .
The Nations Cup 's timing in January and February has long angered clubs in Europe , where many Africans play .
The biennial finals could also be increased from 16 teams to 24 .
`` That is the first thing to talk about - we ca n't get away from it , '' said Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) president Ahmad Ahmad .
We are here for a historic chapter and to effect great changes . These are decisions that will determine the future of our game Caf president Ahmad
`` We have already had a lot of suggestions , '' he added in his opening address at a two-day symposium on the continental game 's future in Morocco .
An unprecedented number of players turned down call-ups for this year 's tournament in Gabon to stay with their clubs .
This included seven Cameroonians who refused to turn out for the team that eventually won the title .
Every two years , a club-versus-country row breaks out as European clubs complain about losing players during a crucial stage of the season to the Nations Cup .
Compounding the clubs ' concerns is the fact that their players often come back fatigued from Africa 's flagship sporting event .
For this year 's tournament , 12 English Premier League clubs were impacted as more than 20 players left their teams mid-season .
Leicester , Stoke City and Sunderland were the worst affected as they lost three players apiece for a competition which ran from 14 January to 5 February .
Under previous president Issa Hayatou , Caf argued that the weather in many parts of Africa meant the tournament had to be staged at the start of the year .
Hayatou consistently rejected suggestions of a move to June , saying the weather then was too hot in northern Africa , too wet in the west and centre and too cold in the south .
Many believed his view was as much about climatic conditions as not bowing to pressure from Europe because African national teams and clubs play regularly during June without adverse effects .
A move to a tournament in June and July is also set to be discussed in the Moroccan capital Rabat - as is the less likely possibility of staging the final every four , rather than two , years .
Ahmad also wants to review rules on hosting the finals , which are proving increasingly prohibitive and reducing the number of potential candidates .
He has already suggested that co-hosting would allow Caf to consider proposals to increase the number of teams at the finals to 24 .
Cameroon won the 2017 Nations Cup despite missing players who stayed away because of the event 's timing
Africa 's leading club competitions - the Caf Champions League and the Confederation Cup - will also be scrutinised .
There is the potential for a radical date change for the competitions , which traditionally run from early in the calendar year through to the respective finals in November .
`` Africa has its particularities , like the great distances our clubs have to travel , '' added Ahmad , who goes by only one name .
`` Clubs having to travel via Europe to play games is folly . We need solutions . ''
Workshops at symposium 1- Africa Cup of Nations 2- Interclub Competition 3- Football Development 4- Youth Football 5- International partnerships 6- Communication and Media 7- Marketing and TV 8- Players : role and perspectives
Ahmad promised a blanket review of the African game when he successfully stood for the Caf presidency in March .
`` Never before has something like this been organised in Africa , '' he told the assembled 200 delegates prior to the start of a series of workshops .
`` We are here for a historic chapter and to effect great changes . These are decisions that will determine the future of our game .
`` My ambition is to effect profound transformation of Caf and I 'm personally determined to see it through with all the members , '' Ahmad said in his opening address .
In addition to the FA presidents , secretary generals and coaches of each African nation , a host of former stars have also been invited to give their views - as per Ahmad 's election manifesto .
The invited include Jay-Jay Okocha of Nigeria , Cameroonians Samuel Eto ' o , Geremi and Joseph-Antoine Bell , Hossam Hassan of Egypt , Rabah Madjer of Algeria and Morocco 's Badou Zaki .
Leading national coaches , DR Congo 's Florent Ibenge , Herve Renard of Morocco and African veteran Claude LeRoy , the Frenchman who currently leads Togo , have also been asked .
`` I feel this could be a crucial day for African football , '' said Fifa president Gianni Infantino , who is also in attendance .
`` All the stakeholders interested in this beautiful game have to work to develop African football and bring it to where it belongs , at the top of world football . ''
Obama 's Only Legacy Now Would Be World War III
U.S. President Barack Obama 's healthcare reform law , Obamacare ( officially : « The Affordable Care Act » ) is collapsing , because its promise to reduce America 's healthcare costs — which already are twice as high as in other industrialized nations and also twice as high a percentage of GDP as in those nations — is turning out to have been false ( Obamacare is failing to reduce either the costs , or the percentage of U.S. GDP , that 's paying those costs ) , and also because its promise to make health insurance « universal » or cover 100 % of the U.S. population , has likewise failed ( whereas 85.4 % of Americans had health insurance before Obama entered office in 2009 , it 's now 89.1 % , which is still 10.9 % short of being « universal » — though all of America 's economic competitors already have 100 % insurance-coverage , « universal healthcare » ) .
After Obamacare 's having been in effect now for two years , there is no indication whatsoever that it has at all improved the competitive standing of the U.S. in healthcare , but some evidence exists that the U.S. has experienced the exact contrary : the highest percentage increase in that cost of healthcare of any country , soaring from $ 8,713 per-capita in 2013 ( pre-Obamacare ) , up 9.3 % to $ 9,523 Obamacare in 2014 , the latest-reported year . Furthermore , the U.S. is below average in the quality of its healthcare as compared with other industrialized nations . If Obama has had any significant impact upon healthcare in America , that impact has been bad , not good . In fact even just on health-insurance premiums , the story is not good , as Brian Blase summed up on 28 July 2016 , headlining « Overwhelming Evidence That Obamacare Caused Premiums To Increase Substantially » .
Obama 's other intended historical legacy ( though one that he always kept secret from the American people ) was to overthrow the leaders of nations that are friendly toward ( or especially that are supportive of ) Russia ( such as Bashar al-Assad in Syria , Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine , and Muammar Gaddafi in Libya ) , and ultimately to replace Russia 's President Vladimir Putin himself , and so to force Russia ( the world 's largest and most resource-rich nation ) to become another member-nation in the American empire . However , that historical legacy , too , is now almost inevitably going to be failed , unless either President Obama or else his immediate successor ( he 's hoping it will be Hillary Clinton ) , will launch World War III in order outright to conquer Russia ; and this war-launch appears to be unlikely , because the United States has not yet ( if it ever will ) achieve « Nuclear Primacy » over Russia — the ability to destroy Russia in a blitz nuclear attack that simultaneously eliminates Russia 's retaliatory ability .
As President Obama had told graduating cadets at West Point on 28 May 2014 :
« The United States is and remains the one indispensable nation . That has been true for the century passed and it will be true for the century to come . But the world is changing with accelerating speed . This presents opportunity , but also new dangers . We know all too well , after 9/11 , just how technology and globalization has put power once reserved for states in the hands of individuals , raising the capacity of terrorists to do harm . Russia 's aggression toward former Soviet states unnerves capitals in Europe , while China 's economic rise and military reach worries its neighbors . From Brazil to India , rising middle classes compete with us , and governments seek a greater say in global forums » .
In other words : only the U.S. is indispensable ; Russia , like any other nation , is not , he is telling America 's future military leaders . Obama sees international relations as being fundamentally an economic competition that 's backed up by the nation 's military , and he instructs his military to treat it that way , and to view every nation other than their own as being « dispensable » .
Obama 's proposed three mega-international- ‘ trade ' deals — TTIP with Europe , TPP with Asia , and TISA regarding financial services — were likewise proposed by him in order to isolate Russia ( and also but secondarily to isolate China , and thirdly India and Brazil ) , by leaving them in the position of facing higher tariffs from the current industrialized nations than the industrialized nations charge each other . Furthermore , Obama 's ‘ trade ' deals entail a significant transfer of national sovereignty to international corporations , control over whether there will be any increased regulation to protect the environment , or workers , or consumers , would subject the nation that 's imposing the increase , to pay to the stockholders in international corporations , enormous fines , for violation of those stockholders ' ‘ right to profit ' , which , in Obama 's view ( and in the view of the other heads-of-state in the American empire ) supersedes the rights of any mere voter , or taxpayer . So : the U.S. empire is based upon an ideology — the transcendent rights ( their ‘ rights ' to profit from their gambles ) that the stockholders who control international corporations have — and not merely upon the brute force of the military .
However , the prospects now for the passage-into-law of even just a single one of Obama 's proposed three mega-treaties , are little-to-none , because politicians in the participating countries have been getting cold feet about their prior public support for what they all euphemistically call ‘ free trade ' . Even if Obama wins the current Presidential election and Hillary Clinton becomes his immediate successor , he probably still wo n't win even a single one of the three treaties .
That leaves , as his only remaining possible historical legacy , WW III , which is not something that he ever even announced publicly as his goal , and which even he would probably consider to be ‘ premature ' because « Nuclear Primacy » has n't yet been achieved ( if it ever will be ) .
PREVIEW TRAILER
WildBillTrailer.mp3
( Preview trailer music by Josh Woodward under a CC by 4.0 license . No changes to the piece were made . )
`` The Pendant Shakespeare aka The Wild Bill Variety Show '' is an ongoing presentation of the works of William Shakespeare .
I joined The Pendant Shakespeare in 2013 , midway through our production of Much Ado About Nothing . At the time , a limited knowledge of the Shakespeare canon made the material heavy , easily misunderstood , and quite daunting to me . While I LOVED Julius Caesar in High School , I was like everyone else , and Shakespeare felt like a genuine challenge .
I was lucky to be blessed with an awesome team who made it clear as crystal what those big words mean . And they taught me that the words of Shakespeare were born to be performed . `` If music be the food of love , play on '' could mean many things on paper ; but from the lips of lovesick despair , they resonate in the heart of every man and woman who has at sometime longed to be loved .
Shakespeare 's superpower was his ability to see us as we really are , warts and all . That 's why his words endure , and why they will continue to survive us when we 're gone .
In my tenure on The Wild Bill Variety Show , it 's been my mission to make Shakespeare accessible to everyone . From the first time voice actor to the educated scholar , I considered it a success that the show resonates with a diverse array of people . We offer something for everyone . Romeo and Juliet : The Sitcom . Spaceage Othello . A jive'n Twelfth Night . And so much more .
Come for the fresh classics , stay for the awesome times . It 's so good to have you onboard .
Landon Beall
Dramaturge
A woman is transported in a wheelchair onto an ambulance bus as people are evacuated from a smoke filled Metro subway tunnel in Washington , Monday , Jan. 12 , 2015 . Metro officials say one of the busiest stations in downtown Washington has been evacuated because of smoke . Authorities say the source of the smoke is unknown . ( Jacquelyn Martin/AP )
JUST LAST week Richard Sarles , Metro 's general manager since 2010 , told the transit system 's board of directors in his valedictory remarks that “ safety is top of mind for all employees ” and “ the state of operations — both customer operations and internal operations — has improved . ”
Those confident words were blown away in a cloud of smoke at L'Enfant Plaza on Monday afternoon .
After years of spotty service , single-tracking , sluggish weekend travel and simultaneously sanguine assurances that Metro was single-mindedly building its “ culture of safety , ” disaster has struck the nation 's second-biggest transit system again . Once again , dozens of Metro train passengers were rushed to emergency rooms ; once again , an underground mishap caused the death of a passenger .
With all of Mr. Sarles 's ringing pronouncements these past years about Metro 's “ safety culture , ” how could it take up to an hour to evacuate a train caught in a tunnel downtown and filling with acrid smoke ?
Why did desperate passengers , struggling to breathe , have to wait interminably while Metro officials and firefighters tried to determine whether power had been cut to the third rail so that it was safe for firefighters to mount a rescue , a bumbling pa de deux worthy of Alphonse and Gaston ? The D.C. Fire Department too must be accountable for its role in the debacle , so it was distressing that D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser ( D ) was unwilling Tuesday to provide any information about the department 's actions . But does Metro 's culture of safety not include well-rehearsed protocols for shutting off power to the third rail and coordinating with first-responders ?
A Metro passenger filmed the scene inside the stranded Metro car , in which people can be seen helping and comforting each other . A Yellow Line train abruptly stopped and filled with smoke in a tunnel in downtown Washington on Monday . ( Saleh Damiger/YouTube )
And will the transit-using public now have to wait months for a coherent explanation of what went wrong to cause both the electrical mishap and the blundering response , once again courtesy of the National Transportation Safety Board ?
On Thursday , the day that Mr. Sarles was delivering his self-congratulatory remarks to the Metro board , passengers on five of the system 's six rail lines were facing major delays . On that very day , while Metro Board Chairman Tom Downs was praising Mr. Sarles for “ rebuilding the [ system 's ] safety culture from top to bottom , ” Metro was four days away from its worst passenger train disaster since 2009 , when a Red Line crash killed eight passengers and a train operator .
Here is what happened Monday : more than 80 people injured and one woman dead . Passengers were screaming , gasping , choking , panicking , praying and , in some cases , losing consciousness aboard smoke-filled cars . The terror that a fire had broken out , and the endless wait for firefighters to appear on the scene . The sickening stink of smoke as passengers , coughing and gagging , were finally led to safety through the tunnel 's gloom .
Is this the safety culture that Metro has built ?
Following the news of Tony Gwynn 's diagnosis of parotid cancer , more and more MLB players are recognizing the health risks and publicly distancing themselves from chewing tobacco .
Leading the charge of new anti-chewing tobacco advocates is Washington Nationals pitcher Stephen Strasburg , who according to the Washington Post , picked up the habit after seeing ballplayers use the product as a child . Gwynn was Strasburg 's manager at San Diego State University , and Strasburg says his old coach 's diagnosis -- which the Padres legend credits as a result of years of using chew -- is the reason behind his decision to give it up .
Strasburg says he does n't want young fans to fall into the same trap he did while attempting to emulate their favorite players . While he has n't quit yet , the heralded pitcher hopes to quit dipping by spring training .
The health risks inherent in using chewing tobacco are numerous . Mouth cancer is a common effect which can sometimes require jaw-removal surgery to treat . The juices chewing tobacco creates can lead to esophageal and pancreatic cancers due to the concentrations of metal swallowed .
Strangely , chewing tobacco use remains steady among major league players despite bans at the amateur , college , and minor league levels . This is likely due to the product 's use being seen as a rite of passage among major leaguers .
A ban in the majors has n't occurred yet because it 's seen as a collective bargaining issue between the owners and the players ' union , so until the owners are willing to give up something in return for a ban of tobacco use on the field , do n't expect chewing tobacco use to stop at the highest level of the game . Advocates will have to spend more time and rescources on curbing use at a younger level and combat the romanticism of dipping if they really want to see an end to its use .
Joss Whedon 's Reaction To Iron Man 3 Might Surprise You By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend The Avengers as well as its pending sequel , The Avengers 2 , Whedon needs to know how the standalone movies in Marvel 's Phase Two will feed into his next ensemble adventure .
And that has led to the concerned response Whedon gave when he saw the final reel of Shane Black 's Iron Man 3 . Marvel President Kevin Feige tells the mommy blog
Now what am I supposed to do now ? What am I going to do in Avengers 2 ?
That 's Whedon 's self-deprecating humor , putting more pressure on himself to live up to not only Iron Man 3 ( and the standalone Thor and Captain America sequels ) but also the explosive finale of his own record-breaking Avengers , which
Some of you already have a good idea of what 's in store for the third Iron Man , having seen Iron Man 3 opens in theaters on May 3 . One of the many perks of being Joss Whedon is that you get to see the latest Marvel movies weeks before the general public . And why not ? As the director of the originalas well as its pending sequel , , Whedon needs to know how the standalone movies in Marvel 's Phase Two will feed into his next ensemble adventure.And that has led to the concerned response Whedon gave when he saw the final reel of Shane Black 's . Marvel President Kevin Feige tells the mommy blog TwoKidsAndACoupon that when Whedon finally watched the sequel 's conclusion , he asked , That 's Whedon 's self-deprecating humor , putting more pressure on himself to live up to not only ( and the standaloneandsequels ) but also the explosive finale of his own record-breaking , which raised the bar on the modern superhero blockbuster and probably made things difficult on Black and his crew … being the first Marvel movie to hit theaters after Whedon dropped the proverbial mic with his massive hit.Some of you already have a good idea of what 's in store for the third , having seen hints of a mega battle with multiple Iron Man suits in the latest trailer . We 're sharing that clip with you below . So yes , Joss Whedon is impressed – and a little bit intimidated – by the bombastic conclusion Black and Robert Downey Jr. have cooked up for their sequel . And we 'll all be able to see it whenopens in theaters on May 3 . Iron Man 3 trailer ...
Find out everything there is to know about what Joss Whedon is doing with his Avengers sequel in our Avengers 2 : What We Know So Far guide . Here 's a look at just a few of the things that may have blown Joss Whedon 's mind , in the most recenttrailer ... Watch The Avengers : Infinity War Cast Go Nuts With Thanos ' Infinity Gauntlet Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Charity Hospital was once considered the safety net of New Orleans . It was a place where anyone could go and receive the best healthcare available . Established in 1736 , by a French shipbuilder , whose dying wish was to fund a hospital for the poor . The first hospital building opened a year after New Orleans was founded in a small cottage located in the French Quarter . Charity Hospital quickly outgrew that facility and a handful of temporary hospitals sprung up around New Orleans . The administration was taken over by the Sisters of Charity , a group of Catholic nurses who would run the hospitals along with the Medical College of the University of Louisiana . By the 20th Century , New Orleans was rapidly growing and indigent care again exceeded Charity 's capacity .
In 1939 , the Governor commissioned a new Art Deco-style hospital tower on Tulane Ave in the lower Mid-City neighborhood . Charity Hospital became the second largest hospital in the country with 2,680 beds and encompassing a million square feet . It was known as a teaching hospital , a place where students from LSU and Tulane University could receive medical training . Designed by the same architects that built the Louisiana State Capitol , the building 's cornerstone lists the Public Works Administration as the building 's authority . Charity Hospital served over 100,000 indigent citizens each year before it closed . Charity Hospital was the longest continually running hospital in the country until August 2005 .
The levees broke on August 29 , 2005 as Hurricane Katrina made landfall . Rising flood waters caused Charity Hospital to lose power . The electrical and mechanical equipment was underwater in the basement . The basement morgue flooded as well , sending bodies floating down the basement hallways . Doctors instructed the staff to pull the bodies out of the flooded basement and stack them in the stairwells . The flood water trapped everyone inside for days with no power , no air conditioning , little supplies , and food . Patients were hand pumped oxygen by anyone willing to help , eventually being paddled down the flooded streets by staff to a nearby parking deck . After being carried up 7 flights of stairs they were taken by helicopter to another nearby hospital for treatment . Several patients died in the parking deck waiting to be rescued . A week after Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans the last patient was finally evacuated .
After the severe flooding , questions loomed regarding Charity 's future . The hospital had never been closed and many thought it would instantly reopen . Three weeks after Hurricane Katrina , the Army Corps along with FEMA volunteers had Charity Hospital back operational and ready to open . FEMA had generators set to be delivered to restore power however LSU representatives along with then Governor Kathleen Blanco blocked the delivery multiple times and ordered the power turned off at the grid . Governor Blanco stated Charity Hospital would never reopen as a functioning hospital again . Hospital police forced out volunteers and staff , locking the doors without warning .
Over the next 10 years , a bitter battle ensued between FEMA and LSU representatives about the amount of damage inside Charity . In order to qualify for FEMA compensation the disaster damage had to exceed half the cost of rebuilding . LSU wanted out of the indigent healthcare business , hoping the closure of Charity would allow them to move on . LSU had been working to move towards a more privatized health care operation and wanted a new , state of the art facility outside of the downtown area . The closing of Charity allowed LSU to seek the government funds needed to help build a billion dollar medical complex outside of the downtown area .
University Medical Center , was completed in 2015 at a cost of $ 1.2 billion . A replacement for Charity that seemed almost too little , too late . The state of the art facility features far fewer psychiatric beds and will not have birthing units . The 70-acre site in lower Mid-City is split off from downtown by the interstate , making it difficult to reach by the indigent population . Many of the historic homes that outlasted Hurricane Katrina were destroyed or moved to less desirable areas to make way for University Medical Center . The city of New Orleans used the power of eminent domain to take over the land for the new hospital while continuing to pay over $ 3 million a year to secure the 70-year-old Charity Hospital as it sits dormant . Over the years , ideas for reuse such as a City Hall or medical student apartments were suggested but quickly put to rest . Charity Hospital remains abandoned and locked down under constant police patrol . Hopefully , one day this Art Deco treasure will be filled again with thousands of people creating miracles and saving lives .
LANCASTER , Ohio - A special prosecutor recommended yesterday that no felony charges be filed against a firearms instructor who accidentally shot a student who was taking his concealed-carry class last year . Jeff Hunter , a former assistant prosecutor in Greene County who was appointed special prosecutor to look into the shooting , said he concluded the shooting was , indeed , accidental .
LANCASTER , Ohio � A special prosecutor recommended yesterday that no felony charges be filed against a firearms instructor who accidentally shot a student who was taking his concealed-carry class last year .
Jeff Hunter , a former assistant prosecutor in Greene County who was appointed special prosecutor to look into the shooting , said he concluded the shooting was , indeed , accidental .
He also concluded that Terry J. Dunlap Sr. was not acting recklessly at the time of the shooting . That is , he was not playing with the gun or �goofing around , � Hunter said .
Dunlap , 74 , is a Violet Township trustee who was re-elected last year .
Dunlap said he was satisfied with the special prosecutor�s recommendation . �It was an accident , and I am glad that he has ruled that way , � he said .
Hunter said he will deliver his report to Fairfield County Prosecutor Gregg Marx and Lancaster City Prosecutor Randall Ullom . The city prosecutor handles misdemeanor cases .
Hunter said the circumstances of the shooting do not make a strong case for misdemeanor charges , but that would be up to Ullom to decide .
Hunter said he interviewed about a dozen witnesses in the class , including the man who was shot .
Dunlap shot Michael Piemonte , 27 , of Pataskala , while he was demonstrating a .38-caliber handgun toward the end of a 12-hour concealed-carry class on Aug. 10 . Dunlap is certified by the state to teach classes for Ohioans who are getting their concealed-carry permits .
Piemonte said last night that he believes Dunlap acted recklessly and should at least be charged with a misdemeanor .
�He still has not apologized to me , � Piemonte said . �He hasn�t shown any remorse.�
Dunlap said he didn�t wish to respond to Piemonte�s remarks .
mlane @ dispatch.com
@ MaryBethLane1
JP Morgan and Wells Fargo are overseeing an auction of the business , according to The Wall Street Journal .
The “ platform solutions ” unit is thought to encompass divisions that make aircraft engine controls for General Electric , commercial avionics and hybrid propulsion systems for buses and trucks .
The business generates annual earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation ( Ebitda ) of about $ 200m , the newspaper said , leading to a sale valuation of $ 1.6bn to $ 2bn .
Potential buyers are thought to include industrial groups Rockwell Collins and Woodward Governor and private equity firms Warburg Pincus and Carlyle Group .
BAE is likely to want to offload all of the assets via a single sale but could break up the division if it can achieve a higher price . The group 's advisers are reported to be seeking initial offers this week .
Sometimes several different threads from very different sources coalesce into a single theme . I 've just finished reading one of my daughter 's library books , the final in a teen/ young adult science fiction trilogy . In a particularly chilling part of the story the main character Tom has been kidnapped . He has initial contact with a tutor at his military academy via a neural processor , with which the brains of the students and tutor have been augmented , before the kidnapper blocks the connection . This is the information the tutor gives Tom :
“ Do you know about neural sovereignty Tom ? … Our neural processors – Vigilant-grade neural processors – work in tandem with the human brain . That means your processor , when it 's inserted , maps your brain . It learns exactly where it accepts your conscious thought commands from . … It learns to obey your brain . That 's what happens when you first get your processor . So let 's say I hook a neural wire between your processor and mine … I could n't interface and take control of you like you 're a standard machine , because your processor can distinguish between my neurons and yours . It knows your neurons usually give it commands , and mine do n't , so it will reject anything that comes from me . But there 's a way around that . … Cooperation . If I hook my neural processor into yours and order you to interface with a machine you wo n't simply interface on my command because your processor does n't acknowledge my neural sovereignty . However , let 's say I order you to interface with a machine and you cooperate : you choose to accept the command and interface with the machine . If you do that your processor begins a learning process . It will learn that it 's supposed to receive commands from my neurons as well as yours . That means it can learn to acknowledge neural sovereignty from me as well as you . This is very important for you to understand : if you let Joseph Vengerov gain neural sovereignty over your processor , he 'll be able to use your own processor to control you . … If he ever gets neural sovereignty , you will never get that back from him . … You do n't think you 're going to do anything he says , but there are ways of manipulating you , coercing you , playing into your needs or desires . There 's no scale here Tom . Something so minor as telling you to blink , and you 're obeying that command , begins the learning process . … ” from Catalyst by S.J . Kincaid
I was reminded of Ziff 's recent post about conformity , and in which he references a Mormon Journeys podcast discussing differentiation . He quotes Rachel Brown from the podcast as saying :
“ There 's not a lot of cultural room in the LDS tradition for differentiation of an individual . It 's almost like we 're set up to never differentiate as adults . And by “ differentiate ” I mean a couple of things , but mainly the idea that you can choose your own set of beliefs and values . ”
He goes on to discuss how do we distinguish between conformity to a social norm or obedience to a commandment , and that “ A complicating factor is that the line between social norms and commandments is n't always bright . … To further complicate the issue , occasionally a social norm gets upgraded to a commandment . ”
I commented as follows :
“ Growing up in the church I always loved my father 's non-conformist streaks . And on this I 'm my father 's daughter . The only place he wore a white shirt was the temple . He had fancy waistcoats , colourful ties , and even bow ties . And he 'd grow a beard , a moustache , even mutton chop whiskers as the fancy took him . And he was a deeply spiritual man who when warned by the spirit , somewhat regretfully , that he was going to have to shave off his beard did so the evening before then Elder Packer demanded it from the pulpit during a stake conference in the 70s . ”
Yes . That demand from Elder Packer , enforcement of a social norm or upgrading to commandment , what was that ? As these things happen sometimes , I was involved in a conversation with a family member who recalled that very event just this week . They also remembered my father had shaved his beard beforehand , and must therefore have been in tune . They also recalled that another previously bearded member attended church the following week clean-shaven . They suggested that these things are an opportunity to exercise or demonstrate humility by obedience to small things when larger things may be just too hard . I responded that it sounded to me that some people just enjoyed a power trip . “ If it 's a small thing that does n't matter , why do you want me to do it ? ” would be my natural response . Maybe I am being a little too hard on Elder Packer here . I 've always been extremely leery of the following idea :
“ Now , the key to our freedom lies in an apparent paradox : we must give up our freedom voluntarily in order to know the freedom that only Christ can give. ” Jack H. Goaslind The Rewards for Obedience BYU Speeches Sep 26 , 1982
In his address Elder Goaslind also quotes Elder Packer as follows :
“ Perhaps the greatest discovery of my life , without question the greatest commitment , came when finally I had the confidence in God that I would loan or yield my agency to him—without compulsion or pressure , without any duress , as a single individual alone , by myself , no counterfeiting , nothing expected other than the privilege . In a sense , speaking figuratively , to take one 's agency , that precious gift which the scriptures make plain is essential to life itself , and say , “ I will do as you direct , ” is afterward to learn that in so doing you possess it all the more . . . . “ We should put ourselves in a position before our Father in heaven and say , individually , “ I do not want to do what I want to do . I want to do what thou wouldst have me do. ” [ “ Obedience , ” BYU Speeches of the Year , 7 Dec. 1971 , p. 4 ] ”
At least Elder Packer specifies to whom he loans or yields his agency : to God . That 's very different , in my own mind , to expecting obedience to Elder Packer 's direction on what might be deemed small things in a stake conference . I have to wonder why we fought a war in heaven over the importance of agency , if we 're going to abdicate all responsibility here on earth . My father obeyed the spirit and shaved off his beard , prior to the conference . Sometime later he regrew one . I do n't believe Elder Packer 's stance on beards ever changed . I regard my father 's experience of the spirit to be a merciful warning that protected him . It meant that he was not in a position where he would be seen to need to obey Elder Packer 's directive . Unfortunately the idea that any pronouncement by a general authority is de facto the word of God is all too prevalent in my view . Towards the end of last year we were visitors in a gospel doctrine class where the teacher stated we were to have faith in prophets . I protested . Last I checked it was faith in Christ we were meant to be preaching . And at the end of January a speaker in our sacrament meeting said is n't it great we have prophets , so we just need to do what they tell us and do n't have to think about it . I 'm not sure the Nuremberg defence is going to play well at the final judgement . Many members seem to be habituated to simply following orders , the risk Tom faces so starkly outlined in the opening quote .
I have always bristled against an authoritarian style of church leadership . Short term it may yield results , but I do n't believe it helps anyone in the long run , and can prime for abuse :
“ At it 's most transparent , authoritarian style is simply dictating to others what they will do . This has been called the ‘ drill sergeant style . ' But an authoritarian style can be less obvious . Being ‘ an authority ' in a relationship is a way of disguising personal wishes as principles . First comes an insistence on framing matters of preference or opinion as matters of right or wrong . Second comes the insistence that the primary aggressor 's preferences and opinions are the right ones . Third comes an insistence that the survivor do “ what is right. ” This is a particularly effective and devastating form of abuse against survivors that are dedicated to doing what is right , such as survivors raised in strong faith traditions. ” from abuseandrelationships.org retrieved 08/02/17
I 'm much happier with the description of humility outlined by Elder Stephen E Snow , which focuses on our own behaviour and our attitude to others :
“ The Savior taught His followers that they must humble themselves as a little child in order to enter into the kingdom of heaven . As we raise our own children , we need to help them remain humble as they mature into adulthood . We do not do this by breaking their spirit through unkindness or by being too harsh in our discipline . While nurturing their self-confidence and self-esteem , we need to teach them the qualities of selflessness , kindness , obedience , lack of pride , civility , and unpretentiousness . We need them to learn to take joy in the successes of siblings and friends . President Howard W. Hunter taught that “ our genuine concern should be for the success of others. ” If not , our children can become obsessed with self-promotion and outdoing others , jealousy , and resentment for the triumphs of peers . I 'm grateful for a mother who , when seeing I was becoming too full of myself as a boy , would say , “ Son , a little bit of humility right now would go a long way. ” But humility is not something reserved to be taught only to children . We must all strive to become humbler . Humility is essential to gain the blessings of the gospel . Humility enables us to have broken hearts when we sin or make mistakes and makes it possible for us to repent . Humility enables us to be better parents , sons and daughters , husbands and wives , neighbors and friends . On the other hand , unnecessary pride can dissolve family relationships , break up marriages , and destroy friendships . It is especially important to remember humility when you feel contention rising in your home . Think of all the heartache you can avoid by humbling yourself to say , “ I 'm sorry ” ; “ That was inconsiderate of me ” ; “ What would you like to do ? ” ; “ I just was n't thinking ” ; or “ I 'm very proud of you. ” If these little phrases were humbly used , there would be less contention and more peace in our homes. ” Steven E. Snow , Be Thou Humble GC April 2016
When it comes to our humbling ourselves as a little child I am always reminded that children ask why . Their humility comes in recognising that they do not know and expressing that they are willing to learn , not in obeying every whim without question .
Do you believe we can learn humility by obedience in small “ unimportant ” things ? If so how and why ?
Do you think there are dangers to demanding compliance about things that are unimportant ? Or do you think the small things are important and why ?
What do you think about the idea that we should yield our agency ?
How do you feel about authority ?
Discuss
There I was , sitting cross-legged on a dusty concrete floor inside one of the many hair-braiding huts peppering the sprawling green hillsides of Kigali , Rwanda . After my French-speaking friend haggled for a good price in the bustling marketplace , I plopped down dutifully as three stylists huddled around me . For four hours they worked diligently , winding hundreds of ropelike wefts to form Senegalese twists that looked like tiny works of art taking flight from every direction .
The tugging at my scalp , the blazing heat inside the small space , the torturous wait time , and the beads of sweat forming along my fragile hairline all proved to be a worthy sacrifice in exchange for this masterpiece-in-the-making on my head . My new twists , which I quickly tossed into a messy half-top knot , might as well have been a crown . I felt queenly beneath them . The best part : I would n't have to do my hair for weeks . Weeks ! With these waist-length Zoe Kravitz-inspired twists , life felt infinitely easier , my morning routine swifter , and I could go from swimming to a dinner party without so much as a blow-dry .
Adopting this hairstyle became an integral aspect of drinking in the cultural experience as a first-time visitor to East Africa—women sported braids and twists everywhere . But I was n't sure how people would react back home in New York City .
At the office I found myself fielding responses ranging from shock to sheer confusion . ( Wow ! How did your hair grow so fast ? Do you wash them ? Is your hair still inside there ? Those things look heavy ! Do n't they hurt ? ) Sure , the questions were innocent enough ; though , laced with ignorance , they started to make me feel like I was wearing a target on my head .
Flash-forward to the Oscars , where Zendaya broke the mold—and the Internet—with long , neatly styled faux dreadlocks . They were an unexpected yet elegant complement to her ivory Vivienne Westwood gown . The controversy unraveled , however , when a TV personality took a shot at her locs , suggesting they made her look as though she smelled like weed .
The squeaky-clean Disney star took to Twitter to deliver a profound response : `` My wearing my hair in locs on an Oscar red carpet was to showcase them in a positive light , to remind people of color that our hair is good enough . To me locs are a symbol of strength and beauty ... ''
We rarely think of a hairstyle as a form of activism , but Zendaya 's image and thoughtful comeback set into motion an important paradigm shift . Her bravery , pride , and eloquence helped bridge the gap between people on both sides of the cultural divide . All through the lens of beauty . Rather than fueling the fire , she illuminated some important lessons for us all : What is unusual is not always threatening . What is different is not necessarily strange . And stereotypes are often dead wrong .
A woman in western New York state has died in a tragic accident in which a hunter fired at her , thinking she was a deer .
Rosemary Billquist , 43 , was taking her two dogs for a walk near her home Wednesday in the town of Sherman when she was shot once from about 200 yards away , The New York Post reports .
The hunter , neighbor Thomas Jadlowski , rushed over to Billquist when he heard her scream , according to police . He called 911 and applied pressure to her wound while waiting for emergency responders to arrive . Billquist was transported to a local hospital , where she died of her injuries .
“ They tried saving her , ” her husband , Jamie Billquist , told The Buffalo News . “ It was just too bad . ... It 's horrific . It will be with me the rest of my life . ”
Billquist said his wife , who was shot in the hip , was only 100 yards away from their house when the incident occurred .
He posted a tribute to her Thursday on Facebook .
“ I know she 's touched so many lives with her kindness , ” he wrote , urging others to savor Thanksgiving with their families and “ enjoy those moments ” because “ they are precious . ”
The Chautauqua County Sheriff 's Office said that Jadlowski reported the shooting 40 minutes after sunset and noted that it 's against state law to hunt deer after the sun has gone down , according to the Buffalo News . So far , no charges have been filed , although law enforcement was still investigating the incident .
This article originally appeared on HuffPost .
Since Israel launched Operation Protective Edge on July 8 , which has so far killed2,104 Palestinians , according to the Gaza Health Ministry , and68 Israelis , the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement has picked up steam as more companies take a conscientious look at their investments in Israel and an increasing number of celebrities speak out against Israel 's aggression .
Soros Fund Management LLC , George Soros ' investment firm , recently pulled out its stake in SodaStream International Ltd , an Israeli company that has its main manufacturing plant in the West Bank , according to The National , a news website based in the United Arab Emirates . The firmreportedly bought $ 24.3 million worth of shares early this year but then sold that stock earlier this month . It has not commented on the reason for the sale .
However , Omar Barghouti , a founding member of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel ( PACBI ) , commented on the sale in an interview with The National . He said , “ After pressure from Soros partners in the region and the world , they dropped SodaStream and promised , in private letters so far , to issue guidelines similar to those adopted by the EU to prevent any investment into companies that sustain the Israeli occupation and settlements in particular . ”
In July , Belgiumissued a non-binding statement that retailers label products that are made in the Palestinian territories and Israeli settlements . That same month , five Latin American countries — El Salvador , Brazil , Chile , Ecuador and Peru — recalled their ambassadors from Israel , citing violations of international humanitarian law with regards to Operation Protective Edge .
Meanwhile , in an op-ed for Spanish newspaper El Diario , actor Javier Bardem denounced Israel 's bombing of Gaza as an “ occupation and extermination against a people without means , ” while musicians Peter Gabriel and Sinéad O'Connor and the band Massive Attack have also spoken out against the country 's operation in Gaza .
Earlier this year , Bill Gates sold all of his stock in G4S , a British security services company that sells its equipment and services for use in checkpoints and prisons in Israel , according to Lawyers for Palestinian Human Rights , a U.K.-based charity based . G4S has come under heavy scrutiny by the BDS movement .
What is BDS ?
BDS is a campaign to boycott Israeli products and businesses , divest from its companies , and sanction the country . The BDS movement started in 2005 , when a number of Palestinian organizations , including unions and human rights associationspublicly called on civil society from all over the world to non-violently impose economic and political restrictions on Israel .
Inspired by a movement todisinvest from South Africa during Apartheid , the coalition demanded that punitive actions should be meted out against Israel until it : ends “ its occupation and colonization ” of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , and dismantles the separation wall ; recognizes “ the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality ” ; and promotes the right of “ Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194 . ”
While speaking in Munich in February , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry acknowledged “ a de-legitimization campaign that has been building up ” against Israel , noting that a boycott movement could be detrimental to Israeli interests .
However , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that the BDS movement would “ fail ” while speaking at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) annual policy conference in Washington , D.C. in March , saying “ attempts to boycott , divest and sanction Israel , the most threatened democracy on Earth , are simply the latest chapter in the long and dark history of anti-Semitism . ”
“ The boycotters should be boycotted , ” Netanyahu added .
Radko Gudas has been crucial to the Tampa Bay Lightning 's success early in 2013 . And yes , being tied for first in the Eastern Conference with an 8-3-0 record constitutes success in the National Hockey League .
But one thing that was evident during the Bolts ' 4-3 shootout victory against the Florida Panthers on Sunday was how crucial Gudas is to the team . Sure , Ben Bishop 's strong performance or the addition of Valtteri Filppula 's puck-handling skills may be the most commonly cited reasons for Tampa Bay 's great start , but the importance of having Gudas in the lineup became quickly apparent against Florida .
Gudas provided some much-needed energy early on against Florida , taking four shots and scoring a power play goal ( his first of the year ) before being ejected midway through the second period . The 23-year-old defenseman also helped keep things fresh , with the Bolts pushing through the second night of the season 's first back-to-back .
Losing Gudas against the Panthers left the Bolts with five defensemen to cycle through the rest of the game , and they wore down by the end of it , allowing two third-period goals before escaping with the shootout victory .
About that ejection . Gudas was given a slashing minor , 10-minute misconduct and game misconduct after an incident with Florida 's Scottie Upshall left Gudas swinging his stick at the Panthers ' bench . Gudas had wiped out in front of the bench , and Upshall sprayed a water bottle at him . Gudas reacted angrily , slashing the top of the side boards and breaking his stick in the process .
Maybe Gudas overreacted , but his response certainly was n't out of character . He has taken on the Lightning 's “ tough guy ” role in the early-going , and his physical presence has helped Tampa Bay create the identity head coach Jon Cooper had in mind at the beginning of this season . They have been a resilient , hard-nosed team who wo n't back down from anyone . Sure , they fight a bit too much — Tampa Bay is tied for the second-highest mark in the league with 10 major penalties — but I think that will dissipate with time and increased maturity .
What 's Gudas ' role in all this , you ask ? Well , he leads the Lightning and is tied for sixth in the NHL with 40 hits . He also leads the Lightning and the league in penalty minutes with 53 ( in large part thanks to the 22 minutes worth of penalties he received on Sunday ) . Granted , that second stat may not be a great thing , but it comes with having a young player on a young team who 's learning to set the tone .
And losing Gudas on Sunday gave the Panthers new life . In fact , it almost cost the Bolts the game . Who 's to say what would happen if he missed an extended period of time ?
Notes
Cooper played with Tampa Bay 's lines a little bit on Sunday , putting Teddy Purcell with the second line of Filppula and Alex Killorn while sending Richard Panik down to the third line with Tyler Johnson and Ondrej Palat . Panik has played with Filppula and Killorn on the second line for most of the season .
Defenseman Matt Carle was a workhorse for the Lightning on Sunday , leading the team with 29:24 of ice time .
The Bolts will be nationally televised on Tuesday , when they travel to play the New Jersey Devils at the Prudential Center . The game will be broadcast at 7:30 p.m . ET on the NBC Sports Network .
What did everybody else think ?
An original translation by SIMONXML with many thanks .
[ This is for the silencing of public dissent file and government cover up files -Ed ]
Thursday , 21:37 Jan. 28 2016
Photo : The area around Luttelgeest where the emergency ordinance applied
In the area around Luttelgeest in Flevoland , The Netherlands , an emergency ordinance was effected last night for an information meeting about the possible arrival of a second refugee center . The regulation applied to an area within a radius of five kilometers around the village and lasted until midnight . As far as is known , the evening passed quietly .
Because of the emergency ordinance , journalists from the local news agency ( Omroep Flevoland ) were removed from the area . They wanted to report on the meeting held at the Orchideeënhoeve but were turned away by police . Only people who have been invited to the meeting were allowed into the area .
Police advice
Mayor Van der Werff pointed out that information sessions in other municipalities had gotten out of hand , “ especially because the residents who had been invited were approached by the press and were therefore unable to attend the information evening undisturbed and anonymously. ” Van der Werff said that based on a police recommendation he had to assume there would be “ serious disorders ” .
The municipality of Noordoostpolder , which includes Luttelgeest under , has plans for a temporary reception center that would have capacity of 450 refugees . There has been a refugee center in Luttelgeest since 1987 with a capacity for 1400 people . Luttelgeest itself has 2100 inhabitants .
Letter
Reporter Ingrid Kupers from Omroep Flevoland said yesterday that local residents had been informed by letter about the meeting . In it , there were asked not to say anything in public about the meeting . When she went to the meeting location with a cameraman , the police instructed her to leave .
The editor of Omroep Flevoland intends to press charges .
The Vrij Nederland MP , Louis Bontes , spoke of “ severe restrictions ” on the freedom of the press and demanded to know what the Dutch government was going to do to prevent this happening again .
On Wednesday , the Dutch Society of Chief Editors appealed against the decision of a number of municipalities to keep the press away from information sessions about asylum centers . The immediate reason was the recent events in Heesch in Brabant , where only one local journalist was allowed in .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump 'never pressured me ' says Coats
The US director of national intelligence has said he `` never felt pressured '' to influence the inquiry into Russia 's political meddling .
Dan Coats also told a Senate panel he did not think it was `` appropriate '' to discuss his conversations with the president at a public hearing .
His comments follow a report that President Donald Trump asked him to derail the Russia investigation .
The National Security Agency chief also declined to comment on the matter .
Admiral Mike Rogers told a Senate intelligence committee on Wednesday he has never `` been directed to do anything illegal , immoral , unethical or inappropriate '' as NSA director .
Mr Coats echoed Mr Rogers ' statements as senators pressed the pair on their interactions with the president .
`` I 'm willing to come before the committee and tell you what I know and do n't know , '' he said . `` What I 'm not willing to do is share information I think ought to be protected in an opening hearing , '' Mr Coats told the panel .
He is later appearing in a closed session before the committee on Wednesday afternoon .
Why the 'no comment ' ? Anthony Zurcher , BBC News
This Senate testimony by intelligence community heads was billed as the undercard to James Comey 's appearance on Capitol Hill on Thursday , but it turned out to be a big letdown .
Top intelligence officials in the US government have taken a bunker mentality when it comes to the investigation into Russian meddling in the US election , refusing to share details of presidential conversations in open Senate testimony . Robert Mueller 's special counsel investigation , it seems , has the spooks spooked .
That may come as a relief to a White House that has been buffeted by a seemingly never-ending stream of controversial revelations , from allegations that the president attempted to influence the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn to reports of internal divisions within the administration .
The president and his aides should n't breathe easy , however . Although today 's testimony was largely a dud , Mr Comey - no longer a government employee , thanks to Mr Trump - will have more leeway to discuss his interactions with the president if he so chooses .
His former colleagues my have seen discretion as the better part of valour , but the former director is n't known for backing down from a fight .
Mr Coats 's testimony comes a day after the Washington Post reported that he told associates Mr Trump had tried to persuade the FBI to back off their investigation into his former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , and his ties to the Kremlin .
US intelligence agencies believe Russia interfered in the US election and they are investigating alleged links between the Trump campaign and Moscow .
But there is no known evidence of collusion and President Donald Trump has dismissed the story as `` fake news '' .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The intelligence chiefs face tough questions on the Russia inquiry before a Senate panel
The two intelligence chiefs joined acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to testify before the panel on Wednesday .
The lack of answers appeared to frustrate both Democratic and Republican senators , who repeatedly pressed the intelligence officials on the Russia inquiry .
Republican Senator Richard Burr , who chairs the committee , ended the hearing by appearing to rebuke the intelligence officials for their testimony .
`` At no time should you be in a position where you come to Congress without an answer , '' he said .
The following day will see the much-anticipated testimony of Mr Comey , who was leading one of the Russia investigations before Mr Trump fired him .
He will be quizzed on his interactions with the president before he was sacked .
Mr Comey reportedly told Attorney General Jeff Sessions that he did not want to be left alone with the president .
The conversation occurred the day after the president asked Mr Comey to end the investigation into Mr Flynn during a private dinner , according to the New York Times .
Mr Comey believed the attorney general should protect the FBI from White House influence , officials told the paper .
The pair have been accused of defrauding the Spanish state of approximately €4 million earned from image rates and sponsorship deals between 2007 and 2009
Jorge Messi has claimed son Lionel had nothing to do with his tax affairs amid allegations of fraud against the pair .
The Barcelona attacker is set to face trial over alleged tax evasion after a Spanish judge dismissed a recommendation to drop charges based on the fact Jorge Messi was responsible for his son 's tax affairs .
While the pair deny any wrongdoing , they are reported to owe around €4million in tax with income said to be related to the Argentina international 's image rights between 2007 and 2009 , as well as a number of lucrative sponsorship deals .
However , Jorge Messi stated on Wednesday that his son has absolutely no case to answer given his total lack of involvement in the handling of the tax returns .
`` I want to be quite cautious over this [ topic ] , '' he told Cadena COPE .
`` I have always said it : he [ Lionel ] had absolutely nothing to do with it , so there is no need to talk about it .
`` My lawyers are dealing with this issue so it 's something with me and has nothing to do with him . ''
Messi , a four-time Ballon d'Or winner , moved to Barcelona in 2000 and was granted Spanish citizenship five years later .
The 27-year-old Rosario native reportedly earns just over €40m in wages and bonuses , and an estimated €22m in endorsements .
Marzieh Rasouli is the latest journalist imprisoned by Islamic republic for 'spreading propaganda ' against the government
An Iranian journalist has been sentenced to 50 lashes and two years in prison over charges of spreading anti-government propaganda in the latest incident of Iran 's crackdown on the independent media .
Marzieh Rasouli reported to Evin prison in Tehran on Tuesday , where she became the latest of dozens of journalists imprisoned by the Islamic republic , which has been branded as one of the world 's worst jailer of journalists by the New York Committee to Protect Journalists ( CPJ ) .
Her arrest followed the detention in recent months of a number of other Iranian journalists , including Saba Azarpeik , who was being held incommunicado , and Reyhaneh Tabatabaei .
As president Hassan Rouhani pursues a reconciliatory foreign policy , hardliners in the country 's judiciary and the revolutionary guards appear to be tightening their grip on domestic social and cultural norms .
The young female journalist was jailed to endure her conviction on charges of `` spreading propaganda '' against the ruling system and `` disturbing the public order '' , the Guardian has understood . On the previous day , Rasouli had also announced on her Twitter account that she had been informed of her sentence and was expected to go to jail .
Rasouli , a well-known writer on the arts and culture for a number of reformists newspapers including Shargh and Etemaad , was initially arrested in January 2012 as the authorities launched a crackdown before the parliamentary elections at the time . She was later released after posting a large bail with the prison authorities .
According to the Reporters Without Borders , Rasouli and at least two other Iranian journalists , Parastoo Dokouhaki and Sahamoldin Borghani , were accused by hardliners of collaborating with the BBC , which Iran conservatives see as a tool of British espionage .
Rasouli has previously edited the music pages of Shargh Daily , a leading reformist newspaper which has been closed down repeatedly in recent years . She has also worked for the reformist newspapers Etemaad and Roozegar .
CPJ 's Jason Stern told the Guardian he was shocked by Rasouli 's imprisonment .
`` The sad truth is the imprisonment of journalists by the dozens has become normal for Iran ever since the government launched an unprecedented crackdown on the press after the 2009 elections , '' he said .
`` That crackdown has not slowed in the past year , with CPJ documenting a series of arrests and prosecutions of journalists . Now Iran is on track to reclaim the title of the world 's worst jailer of journalists this year . ''
“ Straight Outta Compton ” may take place more than two decades ago , but its themes of racial tension , poverty and police brutality still speak to moviegoers living in a post-Ferguson world .
The biopic about rap group N.W.A debuted to a blistering $ 56.1 million this weekend in 2,757 theaters , surpassing “ American Pie 2 ” to become the biggest-ever August debut for an R-rated movie . It 's the kind of opening usually reserved for so-called tentpole movies that trade in costumed heroes and special effects , not urban violence .
“ The movie tapped into something in our culture and that made it more of a must-see , ” said Phil Contrino , vice president and chief analyst at BoxOffice.com .
Its debut nearly doubles “ Straight Outta Compton 's ” budget of $ 29 million in a single weekend , meaning the film could be among the most profitable releases of the summer . N.W.A members Ice Cube and Dr. Dre helped produce the film about the early days of gansta rap and were integral to its marketing campaign .
Universal , the studio behind the music biopic , has been having a year for the ages , as a steady stream of hits such as “ Jurassic World , ” “ Fifty Shades of Grey , ” “ Pitch Perfect 2 , ” “ Furious 7 ” and “ Minions ” have pushed its grosses to record heights . Legendary Pictures co-financed “ Straight Outta Compton . ”
Related Universal Teams With Giphy on ‘ Straight Outta Compton ' GIFs
“ Straight Outta Compton 's ” success overshadowed the weekend 's other new release , Warner Bros. ' “ The Man From U.N.C.L.E. ” The stylish action-adventure wilted at the megaplexes , bringing in an etiolated $ 13.5 million from 3,638 theaters . That 's a particularly rough start considering that “ The Man From U.N.C.L.E. ” cost a sizable $ 75 million to produce .
The revival of the 1960s television show had been stuck in development hell for nearly as long as N.W.A 's members have been making records , attracting the interest of stars like Tom Cruise and George Clooney and directors like Steven Soderbergh and Quentin Tarantino at various points . The modish version that ultimately made it to screens was directed by Guy Ritchie and stars Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer .
Time may have hurt “ The Man From U.N.C.L.E . 's ” appeal . The picture struggled to attract younger crowds unfamiliar with the original show and indifferent to the Cold War flareups it dramatizes , as 86 % of the opening weekend audience was over the age of 25 .
“ Guy Ritchie made a terrific picture , but unfortunately it did n't catch the audience this weekend , ” said Jeff Goldstein , Warner Bros. distribution executive vice president . “ We know the older audience does n't come out on the first day , so hopefully they will find the movie over the next couple of weeks . ”
Universal domestic distribution chief Nick Carpou labeled “ Straight Outta Compton ” as a “ labor of love ” that benefited from being dramatically different from the kind of films flooding cinemas in recent months .
“ The public was ready for something with a bit more substance that they could identify with , ” he said .
The film 's opening weekend crowd was 52 % female , 51 % under the age of 30 , 46 % African-American , 23 % Caucasian , 21 % Hispanic and 4 % Asian . It did not play in Imax or 3D , but did score in premium large format locations , where it grossed $ 5.1 million , representing 9 % of the film 's weekend receipts .
In second place , Paramount 's “ Mission : Impossible – Rogue Nation ” continued to get a lift from strong word-of-mouth , picking up $ 17 million in its third weekend . That brings the fifth film in the spy franchise 's North American haul to $ 138.1 million .
Fox 's “ Fantastic Four ” dropped steeply in its second weekend , falling nearly 70 % from its debut and mustering a paltry $ 8 million . The film ranks as one of the biggest comicbook movie flops in history , having earned a meagre $ 42 million Stateside .
STX Entertainment 's “ The Gift ” rounded out the top five , earning $ 6.5 million this weekend and pushing its domestic total to $ 23.6 million .
In limited release , Sundance favorite “ Mistress America ” debuted to $ 94,000 in four theaters , representing a modest per-screen average of $ 23,500 . The comedy about a college freshman ( Lola Kirke ) who falls under the influence of a wacky Gothamite ( Greta Gerwig ) was directed by Noah Baumbach and was snapped up by Fox Searchlight before it even screened at the indie festival last winter .
Final numbers are still being tallied , but it looks as though “ Straight Outta Compton ” will bolster ticket sales over the year-ago period when “ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ” and “ Guardians of the Galaxy ” were drawing the biggest crowds .
A MEDIEVAL castle in the Highlands has revealed signs of its bloody past after a musket ball and cannonball were found by archaeologists .
• A musket ball and canonball have been unearthed by archaeologists working at Mingary Castle in west Ardnamurchan , Lochaber
• The objects , which were found in the moat , may be remnants of an attack on the castle walls
The artifacts are the latest discoveries by the team tasked with excavating Mingary Castle in west Ardnamurchan , Lochaber , for the first time .
The castle is thought to be the best preserved 13th-century castle in Scotland .
The musket ball is just under an inch in diameter and has been described as being “ extremely heavy ” due to having a high lead
content .
It is also slightly flattened on one side which historians believe indicates it came into contact with a solid surface such as the castle wall .
The musket ball and cannonball were both found in the moat .
The cannonball was found in four pieces .
Jon Haylett , a historian who is documenting the progress of the excavation said : “ The cannonball was found at the eastern end of the moat .
“ It is probably in pieces because it hit the castle wall and fractured before falling into the moat where time and weathering have broken it into four pieces .
“ The second find is a musket ball . It is in immaculate condition , and very heavy , probably because it has a high lead content .
“ It too came out of the moat , close to where the cannonball was found . ”
Previous finds from the excavation include the charred remains of the sandstone castle archway , which it is believed were destroyed in an attack by Alasdair MacColla Mac-Donald in 1645 .
The castle was occupied by the Campbells at that time and it is thought Mac-Donald was acting on behalf of the Duke of Montrose .
Other finds include pottery , a barbed iron arrowhead , coins , bones and another cannonball .
The well-preserved castle near the most westerly point of the British mainland was a stronghold for several clan chiefs and the Lords of the Isles , who ruled the Scottish islands .
The site is believed to have close links to Somerled , a 12th-century leader of mixed Norse and Gaelic descent .
The site is being excavated to pave the way for a renovation project which will see it transformed into modern residential accommodation .
• Gallery pictures courtesy of Ricky Clark
SEE ALSO
• Mingary Castle in Lochaber to undergo restoration
On July 19th , 2013 , people are gathering in 36 cities across the globe to protest against violence against sex workers .
Following the murders of Dora Özer and Petite Jasmine on the 9th and 11 of July 2013 , sex workers , their friends , families , and allies are coming together to demand an end to stigma , criminalisation , violence and murders . In the week since the two tragedies occurred , the feelings of anger , grief , sadness and injustice – for the loss of Dora and Jasmine , but also for the senseless and systemic murders and violence against sex workers worldwide – have brought together people in 36 cities from four continents who agreed to organise demos , vigils , and protests in front of Turkish and Swedish embassies or other symbolic places . JOIN US on Friday the 19th at 3pm local time and stand in solidarity with sex workers and their loved ones around the world ! Justice for Dora ! Justice for Jasmine ! Justice for all sex workers who are victims of violence !
CONTACT : Luca / Pye for contacts in all countries holding demos . Please click here for a press release from the International Committee for the Rights of Sex Workers in Europe .
Egypt received $ 10.6 billion in aid from Gulf states in the last fiscal year , the finance minister said on Saturday , the first time the government has put a total figure on how much its oil-rich allies spent to prop up the economy .
Of about 74 billion Egyptian pounds of aid received in the 2013-14 fiscal year , 53 billion pounds was in the form of petroleum products , with the remaining 21 billion pounds coming as cash grants , Hany Kadry Dimian told a news conference .
Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait have provided Egypt with political and economic support since then-army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ousted elected Islamist President Mohammad Mursi in July last year and led a crackdown on his supporters .
Sisi went on to win a presidential election in May and has promised to restore stability and growth to a country convulsed by turmoil since the 2011 overthrow of Hosni Mubarak .
Soon after Mursi 's removal , Gulf states pledged Egypt about $ 12 billion aid . In September 2013 , the Egyptian Central Bank chief said about $ 7 billion of that had been received . But Saturday 's figures are the most concrete to date .
Although his critics say political freedoms have been eroded under Sisi , the government has passed a raft of reforms from subsidy cuts to tax hikes that have impressed business leaders .
Egypt 's government deficit shrank as a percentage of gross domestic product last year , Dimian said , a positive sign for a government that is trying to balance cutting its deficit and reviving growth .
The deficit was 255.4 billion pounds , or about 12.8 percent of GDP , in 2013-14 , he said , compared to 13.7 percent of GDP , or 239.7 billion pounds , in the previous year .
Egypt 's spending on a generous subsidy system that is weighing on government finances rose by 10 percent last year , however , to 187.7 billion pounds . Most of last year 's subsidies bill , 126 billion pounds , was for fuel , the minister said .
The government cut energy subsidies in July , the start of the current fiscal year , in a bid to better balance its books . But the move raised prices of gasoline , diesel and natural gas by up to 78 percent and caused a spike in inflation .
Last Update : Saturday , 8 November 2014 KSA 20:34 - GMT 17:34
Ken Shamrock waited 21 years for closure in his rivalry with Royce Gracie . Now , the situation feels more unresolved than ever before .
Shamrock and Gracie 's long-awaited trilogy match ended in controversy Friday night at Bellator 149 when Gracie capitalized on an unnoticed illegal knee to the groin and finished Shamrock with a flurry of hammerfists just seconds after the foul .
`` I 'm still numb , '' Shamrock told MMA Fighting days after the loss . `` I just do n't know how something like this could happen . I just do n't get it .
`` I 'm disappointed , very disappointed . I really thought that we were going to have a good night , and I could really be comfortable with where I was at with my career and my life . And all of a sudden it turned upside-down . ''
After waiting over two decades for a chance to fight Gracie again , Shamrock now finds himself at the mercy of the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation ( TDLR ) . On Sunday , Shamrock and his team announced intentions to file an official appeal to the TDLR , which oversaw the bout in Houston , arguing that the result should be overturned into a ‘ no contest ' because of the obvious foul that immediately preceded the finish .
The sequence itself was replayed several times on Friday night , drawing boos from the crowd inside the Toyota Center . Shamrock and Gracie locked into a clinch midway through the first round and began trading knees . A wayward shot by Gracie careened directly into Shamrock 's groin , which was then followed by another knee to the head . As Shamrock reached down , clutching his groin in pain , Gracie wrestled Shamrock to the floor and secured the finish , all while referee Jacob Montalvo stood by unaware of the illegal blow .
`` I see how he could miss it , '' Shamrock acknowledged . `` I do . Because I was spinning out of the way when he threw the ( second ) knee , and it looked like the knee probably landed harder than it did . But it did n't , because I was turning away from it . I can see how the referee could look at that and see how that might 've dropped me , but what he missed was he missed the hard shot to the groin because I did n't react to it , because I did n't show pain .
`` It 's a delayed reaction , and now all of a sudden it does n't count anymore ? I do n't understand that . It was clearly a low blow , period . ''
Replays of the fight verify Shamrock 's claims . While some critics have questioned the timing of the sequence , with Shamrock 's reaction coinciding with the knee to the head , in real-time the entire exchange took place in little more than two seconds , and Shamrock says the moment he first reached down to his groin is the moment he began to feel the effects of the foul .
`` If you look at the knee to the head , it was n't a knee to the head , '' Shamrock said . `` It barely touched . I mean , come on . Then when I hit the ground , I 'm still grabbing my crotch because my junk was pinned between my skin and my cup . So I 'm yelling at the ref , ‘ he kneed me in the groin ! ' There 's no way I 'm going to fight from that point . I just ca n't , because my boys are not where they 're supposed to be .
`` So I 'm screaming at the ref as he 's pounding me in the head , I 'm yelling at the ref , ‘ he kneed me in the groin ! ' I 'm trying to get him to give me a moment . Never got it . So to me , you look at it and it 's just like to come on , man . It 's a pretty simple deal . Five minutes . Do n't screw the whole night up . Just give a guy five minutes to recover . What 's that going to hurt ? ''
The controversial finish closed a Bellator 149 show that had already been publicly roasted for its co-main event , which saw an exhausted Kimbo Slice and Dada 5000 fight for three grueling rounds , and afterward Gracie was both dismissive and unapologetic for his low blow .
Gracie said that he was `` very happy '' to score his first knockout at age 49 , and made several references to the early days of MMA when groin shots were legal .
`` I think the more that I hear about how Gracie is handling it , the more it pisses me off , '' Shamrock said . `` You know , when I fought Gracie the first time ( at UFC 1 ) , he caught me with a gi choke , and he let go . The referee said , ‘ no , no , keep fighting . ' I could n't understand the referee , he was Brazilian . And Royce looked at me and said , ‘ you tapped , you tapped ! ' Now Royce 's version is saying , ‘ you want to go again ? You want to go again ? ' He never said that . All he said was , ‘ you tapped , ' and the referee looked at me , I looked at the referee and I said , ‘ yeah , I tapped . '
`` As much as I did n't want to say , I said I tapped . It pissed me off because I did n't want to say it , but it was real . Here we are 23 years later in a similar situation where there is integrity involved , and the way that he is handling it , to me , tells you exactly what he did . ''
One matter not lost on Shamrock is the fact that Bellator 149 was an unmitigated ratings success . The show shattered Bellator 's previous ratings records , drawing 2.7 million people to Spike TV at its peak , and Shamrock points to the overwhelming response he has gotten over social media as one more reason why he should be given a fair shake at a fourth fight against Gracie .
`` I do feel there is a demand , '' Shamrock said . `` There 's people who are on the fence , and I get it . I mean , I 'm not a spring chicken anymore , but I love doing what I 'm doing . I enjoy it . So I 'm trying to do it as long as I can , and as long as the fans want to see it , or the majority of them want to see it , ( we should see it through ) .
`` There 's an outpouring right now about , listen , whether you wanted to see us two fight or not , you saw it , and it was a disgrace . It should not have ended that way . Royce should not have won that way and he should n't be accepting it that way . He should n't be happy for it . He should be the one stepping up going , ‘ I did it , it was a mistake , let 's do it again . It should n't end on this . ' That 's the proper way to handle it , but it 's not being handled that way . They 're allowing it to be disgraced , the legacy to be disgraced . ''
Shamrock has been around this game long enough to know that state commissions rarely own up to their own mistakes . While he remains hopeful for his appeal to be heard , the reality is that Texas is widely accepted as one of the shakiest commissions in a country full of shaky commissions . Shamrock , better than most , understands that fact .
But at 52 years old , after committing a lifetime to the sport he loves , Shamrock is despondent over the idea that he could be forced to call it quits simply because of a missed call .
`` At this point in time , I need to get past this and move forward , '' Shamrock said . `` Hopefully , I 'm hoping for the fans ' sake , and also mine and MMA period , the legacy of MMA , that it does n't go like this . It just can not end like this . Forget about what qualities and abilities we have . We 've earned that right . I 've earned that right , to be able to go out with some respect . Do n't let me go out like that . ''
If you told me earlier this year that in the midst of two next-gen console launching , my favorite game of the fall was going to be from Nintendo , I would have called you insane . This is the game that the WiiU should have launched with . I know , hindsight is 20/20 , but Super Mario 3D World is Nintendo at the top of its game , filled with vibrant , creative worlds , an absolutely phenomenal soundtrack , and gorgeous graphics .
Unlike most Mario games , 3D World allows you to select a character to play as , and gives you a healthy smack from the Nostalgia Hammer by doing so . Before any level , you can choose to play as Mario , Luigi , Toad , or Princess Peach , and they retain their special traits from Super Mario Bros. 2 - Mario is your all-rounder , Luigi has the wiggly high jump , Toad runs faster than everybody , and Peach can float . There 's even a fifth character you unlock , but I wo n't ruin the surprise there .
It would n't be a Mario game without a new power-up or two , and Super Mario 3D World has several . First up , is the obvious one : the catsuit . Aside from making ( almost ) everyone looks a little * too * adorable , the catsuit lets Mario and Co. climb up walls for a short distance and offers up both a melee attack and aerial dive . Cats can also climb up the flagpole at the end of a level , which is useful , since that 's one of the unlockables .
Also making an appearance is the fan favorite Kuribo 's Shoe , except it 's now an ice skate ! There 's also a Goomba suit that you can wear to sneak around enemies , a Boomerang Bros. suit , and of course , the Tanooki/Tanuki suit as well as the usual arsenal . Recent Mario games have n't doled out wacky power-ups quite as often as 3D World does , so it feels quite fresh .
The levels are not quite at Super Mario Galaxy levels of craziness , but they 're brilliant nonetheless . Each one is distinctly different , but two really stood out for me . The first is the Super Mario Kart-themed level , complete with the music from Mario Circuit 1 . You 'll run through the track , gaining speed boosts to try and make successively harder jumps while ( power ) sliding down ramps and corners . It 's a total hoot in co-op . The next that I really loved was the Japanese Castle that you run through , which makes good use of the WiiU 's gamepad to open paper walls and bang on gongs found in the scenery . T. rex would be proud .
Speaking of the GamePad , poking at it a bit reveals that you can interact with a lot of pieces of scenery , such as shaking snow off of trees , writing in the sand at a beach , or even blowing on the mic to scatter dandelion seeds to the winds . There 's more to be found , but it 's a nice surprise , even if the GamePad is n't turning out to be as great as its potential .
If the normal slate of levels were n't enough for you , there are a couple extra challenges for you to tackle . First we have the Captain Toad levels , where you take control of ... Captain Toad . He ca n't jump , but you 'll need to rotate the world and solve increasingly tricky puzzles to get all the stars in his levels . Next , are the Mystery Houses , where you must complete a series of 10-second challenges to earn Stars . Both make for a nice change of pace .
( A and B ) Hepatic Fgf21 mRNA ( A ) and plasma FGF21 protein ( B ) levels in 11- to 13-week-old male WT C57Bl/6 mice ad libitum fed chow and provided water , 0.2 % saccharin ( sacc ) , 10 % glucose ( gluc ) , 10 % fructose ( fruc ) , or 10 % sucrose ( sucr ) ad libitum in a drinking bottle for 24 hr ( n = 5/group ) .
( C and D ) Hepatic Fgf21 mRNA ( C ) and plasma FGF21 protein ( D ) levels in 11- to 13-week-old male WT C57Bl/6 mice ad libitum fed chow and provided 10 % sucrose ad libitum for the indicated time ( n = 5/group ) .
( E and F ) Hepatic Fgf21 mRNA ( E ) and plasma FGF21 protein ( F ) levels in 10- to 12-week-old male WT ( FGF21fl/fl ) and FGF21 liver-specific knockout ( FGF21 LivKO ) mice ad libitum fed chow and 10 % sucrose ad libitum for 24 hr ( n = 5–7/group ) .
( G ) HSD preference ratio in 10- to 12-week-old male WT and FGF21 LivKO mice ( n = 5/group ) .
( H ) Plasma FGF21 levels in human subjects maintained at hyperglycemia via dextrose infusion for 0 , 2 , and 24 hr ( n = 10 ) .
( I ) Plasma FGF21 levels in WT and ChREBP KO mice ad libitum fed chow and 10 % sucrose ad libitum for 24 hr ( n = 5–8/group ) . Values are represented as mean ± SEM ( ∗p < 0.05 ; ∗∗p < 0.01 ; ∗∗∗p < 0.005 ; ∗∗∗ , # p < 0.001 compared to WT ) .
At the front line of Raqqa up to 7000 fighters of the YPG ( People 's Defense Units ) and YPJ ( Women 's Defense Units ) are engaged in the Great Battle under the banner of the SDF ( Syrian Democratic Forces ) . Every single one of them is seeking to fight at the very front . To get the chance to shoot a bullet at the ISIS gangs , they are calling on their commanders .
Some of them are standing as part of the offensive unit in the emplacements far ahead , and some of those who are positioned in the emplacements a bit behind are waiting to join the offensive unit to fight against the ISIS gangs .
Raqqa has turned to a war zone . In urban warfare battles are not only fought in trenches , but tons of different jobs and preparations have to be arranged meticulously as a matter of fact . The logistic , first aid , evacuation , communication , coordination , organisation of attacks , preparations of explosives and many other necessities .
EVEN HER LAUGHTER FILLS YOU WITH ENERGY
As for comrade Şînda , she implements any job without rest . Even if her eyes might glance at times tiredly , her laughter never fails to fill her surrounding with mirth .
Within the unit she is given high appreciation ... She does not allow anyone to even wash a cup . And during the nights she fights alongside the offensive unit at the front lines . She is indeed the most silent and calm fighter of all , and at the same time engages more actively than anyone else in all activities at hand ...
On the one side she prepares the daily food for her unit and on the other side puts together the explosive fuses . With her small hands she arranges the bullets into the cassettes of the BKC machine guns .
She came here 32 days ago . I went to the YPJ units and shot some photos of the female fighters . They had prepared themselves shortly before and their weapons were gleaming . Flags of the YPJ were hoisted at the unit 's front door .
AT DAYTIME SHE WORKS ROUND THE CLOCK
I took photos of all the fighters . On that day I saw also comrade Şînda . She was on the hop 24 hours a day , what drew my attention on her . Though we did not understand each other linguistically , she showed me around the emplacements and told me about the positions in the back . I tried to answer using my arms and hands . When they say that not the language but the gesticulation is decisive , they were in fact right . For 32 days I and comrade Şînda were conversing in gestures like a charm .
I AM WAITING FOR AN OPPORTUNITY
The last time we met each other again in the headquarters of the YPJ . On that day I was to visit a unit comprising of Arabic , Kurdish , Canadian , Êzidî and Turkish fighters . The front lines of Raqqa are crowded with many different languages spoken and numerous different ethnicities . And that day also comrade Şînda was present . After preparing food for us she came and sat with us . All those last three weeks I tried to conduct an interview with comrade Şînda and she did not even have 10 minutes to spare . Because the work she was busy with had been overwhelming , I myself gave her sometimes a helping hand . Luckily we found an interpreter who helped me to conduct my interview with her .
INTERVIEW AMIDST THE SOUND OF WAR
We commenced our interview amidst the noise of the battle going on . She joined the struggle in 2013 , influenced by her martyred uncle . Even though she had never even seen him , she sought to tread the path he walked on .
She took part in the Martyr Rûbar Operation and the Operation Wrath of the Euphrates . She told me to have received her fighting experience in the operation to liberate Raqqa . Because urban warfare requires a greater sense of guardedness against possible sniper attacks .
`` THE STRUGGLE MAKES ME HAPPY ''
Apart from the defense and coordination , Şînda also partook in sabotage attacks , assassination attacks and the logistic field .
Comrade Şînda said : `` It is vital that also women are part of the Anti-Terror Unit , that women take part in every tactic planning and actions . I am very proud of this labour procreating process , this process provides me with huge happiness . ''
“ VICTORY FOR OUR MARTYRS ”
Şînda remarked that her martyred comrades long very much for Raqqa 's liberation , adding : “ Our comrades who were possessed with this desire the most fell martyrs on the frontlines . It is our greatest aspiration that all the women partaking in this campaign end up in victory . We will make this come true for our martyrs . We will present this victory to future generations . ”
`` I COULD N'T TAKE MY COMRADE TO THE EMPLACEMENT ''
When I asked her to tell about one of her unforgettable memories in Rojava revolution , Heval Şînda began to sob . On seeing that also my eyes were filled with tears , she wiped her eyes dry and told : `` I and one of my comrades were using a DShK weapon . We were preparing ourselves against a probable attack . One day before the battle , my comrade fell martyr . This hit me very hard . Everyone went to their emplacements , but I could not take my comrade to ours . ''
`` AFTER THE LIBERATION I WILL WORK FOR THE WOMEN ''
On my question : `` What do you want to do after Raqqa 's liberation ? `` , she replied : `` First of all I want to see the liberation of Raqqa with my eyes . Aside from the tasks I will be given by my organisation , I would like to stay in Raqqa and work for the women . The people here love and respect us . In this city Arabs and Kurds are living together , and the most important thing is that peoples are living in fraternity . The mentality of ISIS has to be wiped out from these lands once and for all '' . ''
* This article by Erem Kansoy first appeared on Yeni Özgür Politika newspaper and was translated by ANF English service .
– Adam Cole appeared on the latest Busted Open Radio and talked about Final Battle , ROH 's recent partnership with PWG and more . Check out the highlights :
On the ROH and PWG working agreement : “ I think really what it is as far as just us getting started , Ring of Honor is a very cool company and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla is a very , very cool company . I think a lot of our guys in our locker room enjoy working there , enjoy the prospect of working there . Guys in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla would love to entertain the thought of coming to work for Ring of Honor . ”
On how the agreement will help both companies : “ The fact that guys in the Ring of Honor locker room are so passionate . Guys in the Pro Wrestling Guerrilla locker room are so passionate . Of course , some relationships had been created and relationships have been made so in turn there 's a lot that Ring of Honor knows about PWG and PWG knows a lot about Ring of Honor . Long story short , I really feel like the company realizes how much it can benefit from each other . PWG has a very strong West Coast presence . Ring of Honor is pretty much in control as far as independently goes in the United States and we 're on television so we 're not even an independent anymore , even though some people view us that way . Again , the potential growth with the two of us coming together is stronger than doing this by our self . It 's kind of like a strength-in-numbers thing . With NXT being around , I think a company like Ring of Honor and PWG being together is just going to help our cause . It certainly wo n't hurt us . ”
Two prominent Vietnamese musicians have become the latest activists to be jailed for spreading songs that are critical of the Chinese government.Despite strict censorship spanning decades , composers in Vietnam have rarely been prosecuted for the content of their music . However the work of Vo Minh Tri , better known under his pen name Viet Khang , and Tran Vu Anh Binh crossed the line.At a court in Ho Chi Minh City on Tuesday , activists say the two became the first musicians in recent memory to be given jail terms for their music . Khang was sentenced to four years in jail and two under house arrest , while Binh was jailed for six years , also with two years house arrest.Phil Robertson , deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch said an overseas opposition group had claimed Binh was a member . He said the group claimed Binh wrote songs supporting dissidents and supporting the anti-China protests. “ We have n't actually been able to get to the bottom of that , whether it 's true or not , '' he said . `` Obviously when an exiled group claims someone in Vietnam is a member , there are both positive and negative sides to that . Whether that figured in the sentencing or not is unclear. ” In the wake of police crackdowns on anti-China protesters across Vietnam , Viet Khang wrote two songs : `` Anh La Ai ? , '' which means Who are You ? and NuocToi Dau ? , which translates as `` Where is My Country ? '' When he uploaded them onto YouTube the songs went viral.In `` Where is My Country '' ' Khang asks security forces : “ Where is your nationalism ? Why consciously take orders from China ? You will leave a mark to last a thousand yearsYour hands will be stained with the blood of our people. ” He was arrested in December and charged with conducting propaganda against the state under Article 88 of the penal code . His mother , 56-year-old Chung Thị Thu Van , said a day before the trial she hoped the court would be lenient.When she heard police had arrested him , she asked them if she could see her son before they took him away but they refused.Khang 's case sparked a campaign in the United States called Free Viet Khang . His name is also included in a petition sent to the U.S. President in February demanding the release of prominent dissidents . So far it has attracted over 150,000 signatures.Under Vietnamese law , musicians have to seek permission from censors before they broadcast their work to a public audience . Observers say this encourages self-censorship and stifles dissent before it becomes public . Although Viet Khang 's work was an Internet hit , the audience was still restricted because it did not reach mainstream broadcasters.Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch says that may not matter , particularly with the government 's new focus on artistic expression and state security . `` I 'm presuming that it 's connected to the fact these songs have gone viral and have been widely distributed on the Internet , '' he said . `` But the other side of it with the Vietnam government being increasingly influenced and driven by the prerogatives of the Ministry of Public Security , everything 's fair game . `` Observers say the government is particularly sensitive to anti-China sentiment , after tensions rose between the two countries over competing territorial claims in the South China Sea earlier this year and in the summer of 2011 . Many believe authorities are concerned anti-China protests could become anti-government if left unchecked .
Missing Revolution on Monday nights ? NBC is keeping the show 's power on during its winter hiatus by rolling out a series of animated webisodes .
Starting today , the network is debuting online webisodes every week through Feb. 18 on NBC.com , YouTube , Hulu and on VOD . The network is also putting a version of the show 's pilot online that includes commentary from showrunner Eric Kripke and executive producer/director Jon Favreau .
The six webisodes are based on the letters written by Sgt . Joseph Wheatly ( Reed Diamond ) , the character who led Miles ( Billy Burke ) into those oxygen-depleted tunnels toward Philadelphia and into a trap set by Gen. Monroe ( David Lyons ) .
Kripke previously hinted about the Revolution webisodes during our exclusive interview talking about the show 's fall finale . The network also plans to post the entire first half of the season online Feb. 25 , giving viewers extra chances to catch up on the show 's first 10 episodes before Revolution returns on March 25 .
Here is the first webisode , “ Wheatley 's Letters : May 7th ” :
PREVIOUS :
— ‘ Revolution ' creator talks fall finale , says second half is better than first — EXCLUSIVE
— How J.J. Abrams pitched ‘ Revolution ' — EXCLUSIVE
Story highlights Permanent residents already undergo extensive background screening to qualify for green cards
US legal permanent residents who are from the seven countries will again be allowed to participate in the Global Entry program
Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is easing restrictions on legal permanent residents who were initially affected by the President 's executive order largely banning entry to the US by citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries .
After nearly a week of claiming it would n't change the executive order , the administration is retreating on how the order affects so-called green card holders . The seven countries affected are Iran , Iraq , Syria , Somalia , Libya , Sudan and Yemen .
Airlines were briefed on some of the changes beginning on Wednesday .
Details of the eased restrictions were described by a person briefed on the changes and confirmed by a senior administration official .
US legal permanent residents who are from the seven countries will again be allowed to participate in the Global Entry program , which allows for expedited border clearance for travelers deemed to be low-risk .
Read More
AT Field
Appears in Episode : 2 , 6 , 12 , 13 , 19 , 22
An abbreviation of Absolute Terror Field . The AT Field is initially portrayed as a barrier the Angels generate to create absolute territory . It is often deployed as a powerful defensive shield capable of repelling any physical attack .
The reason the Evangelion Units are the only weapons capable of opposing the Angels is largely due to their ability to generate and neutralize AT Fields . Neither the Strategic Self Defense Force nor the U.N . Forces have the ability to penetrate such fields , and despite their impressive arsenal of Bio-Chemical and N� weapons , they have proven incapable of combating the Angels .
All Angels and Evangelion Units posses AT Fields , although the strength of these fields vary . Later in the series an AT Field is also shown to be used offensively by Sahaqiel , the Tenth Angel .
At the end of the series , it is revealed that all humans generate AT Fields ( which are referred to as the 'light of the Soul ' ) . This in turn is what allows humanity to retain their separate forms and remain fractured among individuals . It is essentially the wall within one 's mind that fosters a sense of incompleteness , and is therefore the cause of loneliness and pain ( and thus is the root cause of mankind 's suffering ) . To break down these AT Fields is the goal of the Human Instrumentality Project .
During the climax of The End of Evangelion , Lilith generates a global Anti-AT Field , thereby neutralizing the AT Fields of all humans on the planet . This has the effect of breaking down the walls that separate humanity into individuals , returning them to a unified state�a sea of L.C.L .
Analysis
A new gun company advertisement compares President Obama to Adolf Hitler , Pol Pot and Joseph Stalin , warning about the possibility of stricter gun control laws if the president is reelected .
As CBS News reported Thursday , the USAAmmo ad places a picture of Obama next to images of some of history 's most infamous dictators , calling them the `` faces of gun control '' and stating that `` tyranny and gun control is only an election away . '' The ad , which was emailed out on Monday , also said that the Occupy Wall Street protests are `` eerily reminiscent '' of the rise of fascist dictatorships . An accompanying video details incidents of gun control throughout history , implying that millions of genocide victims could have been saved if they had been able to defend themselves with firearms .
In an interview with CBS , USAAmmo 's director of operations Trace Williams stood by the advertisement and said that he did not regret the comparison between Obama and the dictators . `` He 's anti-gun and he 's obviously a socialist cramming health care down Americans ' throats , '' he said . `` That is exactly how those people in that ad rose to power . ''
That would be news to gun control advocates . Despite reports that the Obama administration would unveil new gun control legislation in the wake of the January shooting in Tuscon , which left six dead and Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ( D-Ariz. ) critically wounded , the president has been nearly silent on the issue in recent months .
Scientists have read ancient scrolls not opened since they were carbonized by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius almost 2,000 years ago . Although only a few letters have been deciphered so far , classical scholars hope that the advance could lead to the rediscovery of lost Greek or Roman works of literature in hundreds of papyri that are too fragile to unroll and read .
“ It is a revolution for papyrologists , ” says Vito Mocella , a physicist at the Institute of Microelectronics and Microsystems in Naples , Italy , and a co-author of the study , which is published in Nature Communications1 .
The eruption of Vesuvius in ad 79 obliterated the nearby towns of Pompeii and Herculaneum . But the volcanic ash preserved what it destroyed — including , in Herculaneum , a library in a lavish villa thought to have belonged to Julius Caesar 's father-in-law . The library contains hundreds of papyrus scrolls , dried and blasted by hot gases into what look like twisted logs of charcoal , and then buried deep under the ash .
The rediscovery of the library in 1752 caused a sensation because it offered a rare opportunity for direct access to ancient texts . Since then , scientists and classicists have sought to unroll the papyri and read their contents , destroying several scrolls in the process . Some were cut open or unrolled by machine , but many flaked apart or would not yield . Among the researchers who made an attempt was the English chemist Humphry Davy . In 1819 he visited Naples , where most of the papyri are stored , and tried to separate out the rolls using sulfur , iodine and chlorine — with no success2 .
E. Brun
Lost letters
There were probably around 600–700 books in the library , says Daniel Delattre , a scholar at the Institute for the Research and History of Texts in Paris and a co-author of the latest study . He and others estimate that up to half of the library 's text has never been deciphered .
In 2009 , Brent Seales , a computer scientist at the University of Kentucky in Lexington , made a first attempt to X-ray two closed scrolls3 . The resulting images showed the interior of the papyri , revealing how the heat pressure of the eruption had cracked and crumpled the tightly wound material . Seales and his colleagues hoped to digitally ‘ unroll ' a scroll , but the papyrus 's internal whorls were so chaotic that the team could confidently reconstruct only sections of flattened surface . And no letters appeared , because the black , carbon-based ink on the scrolls absorbed X-rays to the same degree as the carbonized papyrus itself .
Mocella tried a different technique , called X-ray phase-contrast tomography . This is used in medicine to image the structures of soft tissues that do not absorb x-rays well , such as those in the brain , lungs and breast . It works by detecting contrast in how materials refract , rather than absorb , X-rays . Inside the Herculaneum scrolls , the inked letters are raised some 0.1 millimetres above the surface of the papyrus . That tiny bump was enough for Mocella 's team to make out the ink using coherent beams of X-rays from the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble , France .
The researchers were able to decipher an alphabet of Greek letters , and occasional words . Delattre compared the handwriting to that in other Herculaneum scrolls , and found a match with a scribe writing in the first century bc . Given that scribe 's activity in other scrolls , the new text is likely to be a copy of writing by the philosopher and poet Philodemus , who lived from 110 bc to around 40 bc . That would match up with what has been learned from the texts already translated . They are mostly written in Greek , and include a large amount of work by Philodemus , who saw himself as defending the teachings of Epicurus , a philosopher who lived two centuries earlier and built up a system of ethics based on a materialist view of the world .
The minds of the ancients
David Blank , a classicist at the University of California , Los Angeles , and a co-leader of the Philodemus Project to translate the Herculaneum scrolls , says : “ The texts are very important for our understanding of Hellenistic philosophy ” — philosophy in the Greek-dominated culture that was common to the former empire of Alexander the Great from his death in 323 bc , to the emergence of the Roman Empire . For historians , Philodemus 's descriptions of the workings of a first-century-bc philosophical school are also valuable .
Deciphering the rolled-up scrolls is still a slow , manual exercise , says Seales , who is working with Mocella 's team to do more scans , and has funding from the US National Science Foundation to create semi-automated software to help . “ I believe that we will be able to read large sections , ” he says .
In 1997 , excavations revealed more rooms at the villa in Herculaneum , hinting that more scrolls might be found . But work has since stopped . Robert Fowler , a classicist at the University of Bristol , UK , says that the latest X-ray findings should impel Herculaneum 's management to get digging . “ One of the arguments against proceeding with the excavation of the villa is that we would be unable to read any scrolls that might be discovered , and until then it would be better to leave them underground . Now we are on the edge of possessing that technology , and , since an excavation will take some time to arrange , we might as well get started , ” he says .
REPORT : Kids Got MORE STUPID In Math , Reading And Science In Obama 's America
Shocker ! Common Core is n't making American kids excel in school ! American school kids became more stupid under the Obama administration , according to rankings released by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
Fox News Reports :
They recently released the results of a worldwide exam administered every three years to 15-year-olds in 72 countries . The exam monitors reading , math and science knowledge . Based on their findings , the United States saw an 11-point drop in math scores and nearly flat levels for reading and science . The Land of the Free , Home of the Brave , fell below the OECD average – and failed to crack the top ten in all three categories . In other words , thanks to the Obama administration 's education policies , kids in the Slovac Republic are more proficient in multiplication .
The comforting news is that your children can name all 58 genders and recite the Islamic conversion prayer ( Shahada ) by memory .
This was of course by design . Barack Hussein Obama had nothing but contempt for American exceptionalism . If American children excel and reach levels of greatness that will bring innovation to the world , that would somehow be oppressive to people who are n't ‘ privileged ' so he had to make sure that mediocrity was rewarded .
Thank God Donald Trump is bringing back the competitive spirit that made America so great ! For starters , Common Core needs to be completely abolished . This will remove Islamic indoctrination from our schools as well . Our children should be learning reading , writing and arithmetic , not being brainwashed with Marxist platitudes .
CTV Vancouver Island
The BC Supreme Court has ruled that a controversial soil dump positioned above Shawnigan Lake 's drinking watershed is not a permitted land use for the site .
It 's a key victory for residents who have been fighting to stop the site from operating in their community for years .
The court said that the contaminated soil facility at 640 Stebbings Road is “ not a permitted use on the property ” under current zoning bylaws , bringing an end to one of two court battles being waged by the Cowichan Valley Regional District .
The CVRD had argued the soil dump contravened its land-use bylaws .
In the ruling , the judge also slapped the company with an injunction that bars further importing of contaminated soil .
South Island Resources Management , the company that operates the site , said it is complying with the court 's orders and said Cobble Hill Holdings , which owns the property , is considering an appeal .
`` It is important to understand this decision deals with only one aspect of our operation , '' the company said in a statement . `` We continue to operate the mine and manage the material already on site . ''
SIRM said its legal team is reviewing the implications of the court 's decision and will release another statement `` once we have a full understanding of the impact to our operation . ''
A spokesperson for Cobble Hill Holdings issued a statement that clarified the decision , saying the court did not order a stop to all activities on the property .
`` The decision deals with one aspect of what the court has called landfilling . Cobble Hill Holdings Ltd. is reviewing the decision and will be carefully considering the advisability of an appeal , '' the statement said . `` It will be speaking to all affected persons and getting advice about the next steps . ''
Mike Kelly , the president of Cobble Hill Holdings , declined to comment when contacted by CTV News , referencing a recent W5 investigation into the soil dump dispute .
`` After the W5 report . Do n't call me anymore , '' Kelly told CTV reporter Scott Cunningham .
CVRD residents and officials celebrated the win after it was announced Monday morning .
`` This is hugely important to our community , '' said CVRD chair Jon Lefebure . `` The community expects that the bylaws are in place to protect us from what we see as inappropriate activity , and it appears from this decision , that they are both in effect and will be recognized . So it 's a very important moment , and we 're very optimistic that this will help us deal with a difficult situation in Shawnigan Lake . ''
However , the judge declined to order the removal of contaminated soil currently on the property – citing “ the difficulty in enforcing a mandatory injunction , ” and leaving the matter to the Ministry of Environment and Environmental Appeal Board .
Residents are still waiting for the outcome of a judicial review of an Environmental Appeal Board to grant a permit to South Island Aggregates to operate the dump .
The Shawnigan Residents Association has said it is concerned contaminants from soil dumped at the site could leach into the lake , which also serves as the community 's drinking watershed .
TBS has grabbed linear rerun rights to the Fox comedy “ Brooklyn Nine-Nine ” from Universal Television .
The Andy Samberg starrer is in now in its fifth season on Fox . The show has had a streaming syndication pact in place with Hulu since 2014 .
The single-camera comedy set in a busy NYC police precinct is a good fit with the off-center tone of TBS ' growing roster of original comedies . The series hails from “ Parks and Recreation ” alums Michael Schur and Dan Goor .
“ ‘ Brooklyn Nine-Nine ' is a beloved comedy series driven by a talented ensemble cast , which will be an excellent complement to TBS ' slate of character-driven programs , ” said Michael Quigley , exec VP of commercial operations , content strategy and monetization for TBS and TNT . “ We are delighted to welcome creators Dan Goor and Michael Schur 's television family to their second home on cable . ”
TBS will carry “ Brooklyn ” episodes on Thursdays from 7-11 p.m. starting Jan. 4 . The show will also be available for authenticated streaming via the TBS app .
“ I could n't be more excited that the ultimate detectives slash geniuses of Brooklyn 's 99 are coming to TBS , home of the ultimate TV fans slash humans , ” said Goor .
Goor and Schur are executive producers of “ Brooklyn ” along with 3 Arts Entertainment 's David Miner and Luke Del Tredici . Andre Braugher , Terry Crews , Stephanie Beatriz , Melissa Fumero , and Joe Lo Truglio also star .
“ If you 're doubting to sign up ; It 's pretty damn great , and you should sign up right now . No Youtube tutorial or googled instruction book on ‘ how to draw ' comes close to getting some specific feedback from a professional , who also took the time to lay out a course for you with clear goals to aim for . I ca n't tell you how much it helps to no longer wonder if you 're on the right track , because this way you know you are .
You get pushed to get the maximum out of your work with the right feedback on how to achieve it , supported by the underlying theories on why , which are also fully explained in easy-to-understand videos . So you 're not only getting better , you also learn why the stuff you make is getting better .
And the cherry on top ? It 's really affordable compared to other art courses . So if you 've got the drive and are committed to becoming great , it 's worth saving up for and laying down some money . ”
It does help man , I 'll take doing skulls for an example . About a month ago I was drawing skulls with absolutely no theory-backing . I had an untrained eye and an untrained mind . Then yesterday I drew some more skulls , and the only practicing I did inbetween was the Level-Up classes comp 1.1 , comp 1.2 , color & light 1.1 , and all the instructional videos that go with them .
Before :
After :
To me that looks like a noticeable improvement . They 're far from perfect awesome skulls , but they 're definitely better . I can only blame it on the Level-Up courses , because that 's really all I did for practice . The weird part is that the assignments did n't even have me drawing skulls ( except the Power-Up one , which is what I 'm drawing the skulls for ) , and yet they 've improved . I applied the same theories , techniques and workflow I learned from the assignments to doing those skulls , and it worked . I would n't have that skill if I had n't done Level-Up .
So it does help !
Belarusian President Aleksandr Lukashenko has stated that his country accepts that Crimea is now de-facto a part of Russia . “ We agree with the Russian Federation on that , ” the leader said .
Lukashenko stressed that no one has asked Belarus to recognize or not to recognize Crimea as the federal subject of Russia .
“ Crimea is n't an independent state . It 's part of the Russian territory . One can recognize or not recognize that , it will change nothing , ” Lukashenko told journalists in Minsk on Sunday .
“ I am asked where my country is in this situation . Taking into account historical processes , in the framework of the CIS , we 're linked with agreements , and we 'll be with [ on the side of ] the Russian Federation , ” the Belarus president added .
However , he stressed that Belarus is n't against NATO .
“ If the question arises , we 'll be with Russia forever , ” Lukashenko said .
On the other hand , Lukashenko “ as a person , not as a politician ” is of the opinion that Ukraine should “ remain an integral , indivisible , non-aligned state . ”
Speaking on the territorial integrity of Ukraine , Lukashenko said , “ Would you like it if a state 's sovereignty is breached ? But who pushed towards that ? When Russia saw how the Russian , Slavic world was being stifled , the country interfered immediately . ”
Finally , he pointed out that if Ukraine is determined to join NATO , “ evidently , Belarusian reaction to that will be harsh . ”
Belarus will build a relationship with the new Ukrainian government after it is elected , Lukashenko also stated .
“ Whoever is elected by the Ukrainian people , we 'll support them . They are our neighbors , not some strangers to us , ” the Belarusian leader said .
He added that Belarus ca n't scrap its partnership with Ukraine , as their combined turnover of goods was 7 billion dollars last year .
The Belarusian president thinks that statements about quitting the CIS by the coup-appointed Ukrainian politicians are shortsighted .
“ I think that those who influence Ukrainian politics wo n't make such a step . Why slam the door ? ”
He said he will propose discussing the issue with Ukrainian politicians . The exit of Ukraine from the CIS would be a heavy blow – “ but not a deadly one , ” Lukashenko further noted .
On Friday , the republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol have been officially accepted into the Russian Federation , with president Putin signing the finalizing decree .
Previously , Russian lawmakers ratified an international treaty with Crimea and the city of Sevastopol , which the sides signed at the Kremlin on March 18 .
Crimea 's rejoining of Russia was triggered by an armed coup in Kiev , which saw democratically elected Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich ousted .
The uprising of the predominantly Russian-speaking region of Crimea began after the new self-proclaimed authorities passed a law revoking the regional status of the Russian language .
It resulted in a referendum in which 83 percent of the Crimean population participated . An overwhelming majority of over 96 percent voted in favor of reunification with Russia .
Every company operates around objectives and uses key performance indicators ( KPIs ) to track progress towards those objectives . For each goal , there are two main questions teams should easily be able to answer at any time :
How much progress have we made so far ? Are we on track to hit the goal ?
Data dashboards are a great medium to provide on-demand answers to these questions . There are multiple enterprise-grade data visualization products out there , but sometimes a simple spreadsheet , if used right , can do the job just as well . After reading this article , you 'll learn how you can push Google Sheets to its limits to make professional-looking data dashboards . We wo n't be using any third-party tools or services here—just Google Sheets out of the box , which makes this tutorial applicable to a wide variety of contexts .
Note : The tutorial assumes basic familiarity with Google Sheets or a similar spreadsheet app .
Let 's define a test project we 're going to work with . Suppose your team just launched a new app ( or blog post , landing page , email campaign , etc. ) . No project is worthy of itself if it does n't have a business goal , so you set one :
Reach 500 installs in the first 3 months .
This goal will be your team 's success metric that you will include in reports to stakeholders and review at staff meetings . Experience has taught you that in order to drastically increase your chances for success , you need to consistently track progress . This idea brings us to the obvious first step .
Step 1 : Begin tracking
Let 's start a new spreadsheet to track the number of installs of the app over time .
Weekly app installs spreadsheet
In this example we 'll be tracking our metric , the number of installs , weekly , updating it every Monday . For simplicity , we 'll pretend that we launched the app on September 4 , 2017 , which is the first Monday of the month .
What this gives us : We can now easily answer questions such as , “ How many installs did we reach last week ? ” We can also look up the number for earlier weeks . However , raw data does n't offer any kind of actionable insight and is n't something you want to present to stakeholders . Let 's move on .
Step 2 : Create your first chart
Let 's begin harnessing the power of visual communication by creating our first chart . Here is the default chart ( a line graph in this case ) that Google Sheets produced for me :
Data spreadsheet with a goal column
Unfortunately , this is where many people stop and include the chart as is when communicating results .
What this gives us : The chart helps us better visualize the growth trend , but we still have no idea if we 're on track to hit the goal . In fact , so far the goal ( 500 installs ) is n't represented anywhere on the spreadsheet or the graph . Let 's fix that .
Step 3 : Show the goal
Here 's the ( self-coined ) Golden Rule of Data Visualization :
Data visualization should be self-sufficient and self-explanatory .
In other words , the data dashboard chart should be easy to understand and contain all the information about the performance of the metric ( s ) being tracked . In our case , the chart must include the goal .
Let 's add a new Goal column and add it into the chart 's data range . Check the checkbox Plot null values ( in Chart style ) so that the first and the last data points in the Goal column get connected with a solid line .
Data spreadsheet with a goal column and the date column pre-populated until the end of the period in question .
Chart with a goal line visible . Note : I also changed the maximum value on the vertical axis to be 600 so that the goal line is n't sticking to the top border of the graph .
What this gives us : Adding the goal-line provides an important context to our metric . We can now see how far we are from the target .
Step 4 : Make sure you include the entire goal
Let 's review our goal one more time :
Reach 500 installs in the first 3 months
Our data dashboard already visualizes the target number of installs , but the second part of the goal has n't been captured yet . The chart always ends at the last data point available and does n't show how much time is left . Consequently , we still ca n't answer the simple business question posed in the beginning : “ Are we on track to hit the goal ? ”
We need to have the chart show the entire time period defined in the goal statement . To do this , we 'll populate the date column all the way until the end of the period in question .
Data spreadsheet with a goal column and the date column pre-populated until the end of the period in question .
The chart now looks like this :
Chart with a goal line and the entire time period captured
What this gives us : Finally , the data dashboard accurately captures our business goal in two dimensions—it not only tells us how far we are from the goal but also how much time is left to reach it .
Step 5 : Visualize the trend
While our data dashboard is already very informative , it may still be hard to gauge how many installs we 're going to have by the end of the time period , provided we continue at the same rate . We can have Google Sheets use simple mathematical extrapolation to “ predict ” how our metric will behave in the future based on existing data points . Easily enable this prediction by checking the “ Trendline ” checkbox for the corresponding data series :
Chart with a linear trendline enabled for the Installations data series
Now the chart tells us that we 'll fall just a little short of our goal if the installations growth continues at the same pace . You can experiment with different types of interpolation , but I just set it to Linear for this example . Just note that this is a very primitive method of predicting the future trend and will not work for all kinds of data , but I 've found it useful in a number of situations .
We can also get more sophisticated and add the “ ideal path to goal ” to the chart . To do this , let 's add a new data column that will describe the ideal trajectory to the goal :
We can now see how much the trendline deviates from the “ ideal path . ”
What this gives us : After this step , the chart presents about as much information as we can possibly get about our example project . Thanks to the trendline , a quick glance gives us an idea of whether we 're on track to hit the goal before time runs out .
Step 6 : Make it TV-friendly
The effect of putting your team 's key metrics on the wall is profound . Your teammates do n't have to remember to check the key performance indicators by digging up the right spreadsheets or emails . Having this information in front of them inspires more frequent data-centric conversations and cultivates a more data-driven approach within the organization .
Time to make our data dashboard ready for the big screen ! Put the chart on its own sheet and resize it to roughly match the resolution of the TV you 're going to use ( it 'll take some experimenting ) . To remove the odd white padding around the chart , check Maximize in Chart style .
Formatting the chart for TV
There are a few more final touches worth adding , but I wo n't describe them in detail :
Increase the font size of titles and labels .
Remove labels that are unnecessary ( e.g . axis titles ) .
Increase line thickness for improved readability .
Change colors for better contrast .
Tweak the grid lines .
The final result looks much more readable : you can now read everything on the data dashboard without squinting . Bonus points for impressing your colleagues by applying your brand 's colors !
Final TV dashboard
Final step : Publish
Google Sheets has a handy feature to publish your document as a web page , easily accessible via a link , with all the editor UI hidden . Go to File > Publish to the web and select the sheet with the chart .
Make sure to check the option that requires viewers to sign in with your company 's account ( requires a G Suite subscription ) to ensure that the data is n't accessible externally .
All that 's left is to put the data dashboard on that big flat-screen TV to make the performance data readily available . Here 's how the chart looks on my team 's dashboard TV :
Can you tell that the dashboard was made with Google Sheets ?
The example in this article may seem very specific , but you can apply the same principles to track virtually any metric . In the next post , we will share some ways to automate updating the data dashboards .
You can copy the spreadsheet from the article here .
What do you use to make data dashboards , and how is it working for you ? Share your thoughts in the comments !
That movie was fucking bomb . ''
That was one reaction I overheard after watching Dunkirk , Christopher Nolan 's new directorial gift to men , who are currently spending their time fervently ranking his movies , arguing about said rankings , and—presumably—wearing fedoras completely un-ironically . Or even worse , ironically .
The thing is , I just do n't think Dunkirk is a very good movie—if your definition of the word movie is `` moving images held together by a plot . '' Like , yes : Dunkirk is very well-made . I felt like I was going to vomit during it , because that 's how intense it was . And if your interests include riding a visual roller coaster called war , you will love it . But if you 're a fan of films with plots , Dunkirk does n't play that game . It 's as if Christopher Nolan ( sorry , `` Nolan '' ) plucked out the war scene from a script , and was like `` let 's just make this part extra long and call it a movie , lol . ''
The film , in case you are n't already aware due to the endless critical musings devoted to it , is about the real life battle of Dunkirk—where British and Allied troops were rescued by civilian boats and evacuated . It 's a story worthy of being told and re-told , and I really enjoy war movies in general , but still—actual stuff needs to happen . Stuff other than scenes of men burning in oil-covered water , ships sinking , and bodies drowning . If you want to argue that the non-stop violent intensity of the film was the point , and that we should feel fully immersed in the war like we 're living it ourselves—I present Harry Styles .
The One Direction band member did a surprisingly impressive job in what turned out to be a pretty major role , but I refuse to believe it 's possible for any viewer with even a semblance of pop-culture knowledge not see him and immediately go `` OMG , it 's Harry Styles . '' Much like Ed Sheeran 's cameo in Game of Thrones , having a pop star casually show up in a film will inevitably remove the audience from the narrative and ground them back in reality . Harry Styles is a constant reminder to the viewer that the movie is n't real , while the entire excuse for the film 's intense and admittedly-impressive cinematography is to convince the viewer that they 're right there in it . You ca n't have your Harry Styles cake and eat it too .
But my main issue with Dunkirk is that it 's so clearly designed for men to man-out over . And look , it 's not like I need every movie to have `` strong female leads . '' Wonder Woman can probably tide me over for at least a year , and I understand that this war was dominated by brave male soldiers . I get that . But the packaging of the film , the general vibe , and the tenor of the people applauding it just screams `` men-only '' —and specifically seems to cater to a certain type of very pretentious man who would love nothing more than to explain to me why I 'm wrong about not liking it . If this movie were a dating profile pic , it would be a swole guy at the gym who also goes to Harvard . If it was a drink it would be Stumptown coffee . If it was one of your friends , it would be the one who starts his sentences with `` I get what you 're saying , but ... ''
`` The film seems to cater to a certain type of man who would love nothing more than to explain to me why I 'm wrong about not liking it . ''
I guess congratulations are in order for Nolan managing to unite high-brow male critics and very annoying people on Twitter under a common bromance , but to me , Dunkirk felt like an excuse for men to celebrate maleness—which apparently they do n't get to do enough . Fine , great , go forth , but if Nolan 's entire purpose is breaking the established war movie mold and doing something different—why not make a movie about women in World War II ? Or—because I know that will illicit cries of `` ugh , not everything has to be about feminism , ugh ! `` —how about any other marginalized group ? These stories should n't be relegated to indie films and Oscar season . It 's up to giant powerhouse directors like Nolan to tell them , which is why Dunkirk feels so basic . It 's a summer war movie . It 'll make you fear for the future and pray that we never fight again . You might get kind of sick . If you 're like me , a random man will come up to you after and explain why you 're wrong for disliking it . But this war movie is n't special . At the end of the day , it 's like all the rest of them .
Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news , beauty tips , fascinating reads , livestream video , and more .
Fight Time Promotions ' Fight Time 17 : Undisputed , which occurred this last Friday at the War Memorial Auditorium in Ft. Lauderdale , was an action-packed card from top to bottom , shining a light on several promising South Florida prospects . There were knockouts , submissions and back-and-forth battles , and by the end only two of the eight bouts saw the judges ' scorecards .
In the space provided below , I will detail every bout of the evening , their pivotal moments and some of my thoughts . As an added bonus , I snagged a brief interview with returning bruiser Chris Zuniga , the transcript of which is posted below his corresponding fight .
NOTE — Something you 'll notice as the photos progress – they get brighter . See , I have a setting on my camera called “ Action Freeze ” that takes photos faster and decreases motion blur . The only catch ? Less light . This is great for daytime photography ( this is the same camera I used for my coverage of the UFC 168 Press Tour ) , but it leaves a lot to be desired when used cageside . Upon realizing this issue , I just used plain old “ Auto. ” Suddenly , everything was a lot clearer ! )
Matt Wagy ( left ) made short work of his opponent , Patrick Thomas .
Featherweight ( 145 lbs . ) Fight – 3 Rounds
Matt Wagy [ 2-0 ] def . Patrick Thomas [ 0-3 ] by TKO ( elbows and punches ) – R1 , 1:46
Coming into this match , Wagy , 21 , made his professional debut less than months ago against Lazaro Almea , winning by second-round doctor 's stoppage . Thomas has fought twice before for Fight Time Promotions , losing both previous bouts by first-round rear-naked choke submission . Before turning pro , Wagy had done excellently as an amateur with a record of ( 8-2-1 ) winning the Infuse Fight Gear ( IFG ) featherweight championship .
Both fighters came out in orthodox stances , exchanging on the feet briefly . Wagy closed the distance , initiated a clinch against the cage followed by a takedown , moving quickly into the mount position , raining down punches and elbows until the ref mercifully pulled him off .
With two impressive TKO stoppages in his professional career , Wagy is indeed a prospect to watch .
Joe Leo ( not pictured ) put such a hurt on Damion Williams during his pro MMA debut that they had to give Williams oxygen after the bout . It was several tense minutes before Williams was able to walk out of the cage .
Middleweight ( 185 lbs . ) Fight – 3 Rounds
Joe “ The Beast ” Leo [ 1-0 ] def . Damion “ The Outlaw ” Williams [ 2-4 ] by TKO ( strikes ) – R1 , 4:45
Florida fighters Joe Leo and Damion Williams put on a fantastic , violent fight . Leo , who was making his debut , had fought almost exclusively for Fight Time Promotions in their amateur MMA division , while Williams , who fights out of ATT Sunrise , had n't legitimately won a fight since 2011 when he won by first-round forearm choke .
Williams was considerably larger than Leo , who looks like he does n't cut much weight . Both men exchanged on the feet , Leo establishing a good jab , mixing up kicks and switching stances regularly ( and naturally – his karate background was very well-represented ) to keep Williams , who was far less light on the feet , guessing . There were several times where the fighters exchanged blows willy-nilly , rock-em-sock-em style . That is n't the kind of fight Leo will want to pursue in the future , especially if he insists on staying at this weight class . He finally caught Williams with a solid one-two which put him on wobbly legs and followed up with strikes until the ref pulled him off .
Leo looked very good , though I 'd like to see him keep his chin tucked down a little more and perhaps cut some weight in order to fight guys more his size .
Lightweight ( 155 lbs . ) Fight – 3 Rounds
Chris Zuniga [ 3-2 ] def . Robert “ R.J. ” Goodridge [ 5-3 ] – Majority Decision
Interesting plot thread going into this fight : Zuniga , 27 , lost his last fight by TKO and had n't fought since 2007 . Both of his previous wins had come by first-round TKO , and Friday 's fight was the first time he 'd seen a judge 's scorecard . Goodridge , on the other hand , started off his career winning four straight before alternating wins and losses , losing his last fight by decision at Fight Time 14 .
There was an enormous disparity in the body types of the two fighters , with Goodridge being long , lean and muscular and Zuniga being far more compact . The most effective strike of the bout was Zuniga 's overhand right , which time and again caught Goodridge crisply . While watching , I was certain the fight would n't go the distance .
Goodridge displayed decent technique , landing several takedowns and attempting armbars , knee bars , rear-naked chokes and triangles from his back and landing a very nice flying knee in the first round . Zuniga showed no ring rust , sweeping Goodridge a pair of times and landing medium-level damage inside his opponent 's guard . Despite being the aggressor on the grappling front , Zuniga 's efficacy on the feet proved to be the deciding factor , earning him a deserved majority decision in a fight that ended with a huge flurry from both fighters at the end that had the crowd on its feet .
Congratulations on your win . You 've been out of competition for a while . Where 've you been ?
Yeah , six years . You know , I decided to go back to school , I went to the fire academy and I did EMT training… I tried to get a career going . I was just concentrating on school things . I got married . I started a family and I was just concentrating on other things . Now I 'm in the police academy .
So you 're in the saving lives business and you 're in the hurt business…
I do n't really see it as trying to hurt people . It happens , but to me it 's just competition . I like competition , I like challenging myself and we all know what we 're getting into . I feel like I was born to be a warrior , and that 's what I like to do . I like to do that , but I also like to give back , so now I 'm in the police academy which is something else , I want to give back to the community and this [ fighting ] is where I get to get that other side of me out , you know , that thing a lot of people do n't get to express .
A lot of people without a five-year layoff would almost feel no longer at home in the cage . How did you reacquaint yourself with that ? Was it just going back into training , going through the rounds again ?
Even though I was off for six years , I never stopped training . I kept up with jiu-jitsu as a hobby . When I got married I moved up north to New Jersey – I 've trained with Kurt Pellegrino for the last three years – and I learned a lot from those guys . A lot of tough guys . I 'm in there sparring , hanging with good guys who fight in Bellator , Strikeforce , WEC and UFC , and so if I can hang with those guys , I want to see what I can do when I get back in the cage . Unfortunately , circumstances did n't allow me to stay in New Jersey , so I moved back home to Vero Beach and luckily I met up with some great guys there that have my back and I got back in shape and got back in there .
The one punch that I saw that was absolute money from bell to bell was that overhand right of yours . Is that your favorite , go-to strike ?
Yeah , a lot of people say that I have a good overhand right . I just kind of throw it . It just kind of happens . It seems to land a lot .
You caught Goodridge with that really well early on . It 's amazing he did n't go down from that .
You know , R.J. is a tough , tough guy . I 've seen him fight a lot of times . I 've actually trained with him before Kurt Pellegrino at The Armory in Jupiter and he 's a tough dude and I knew he wasn't- I knew it was going to go three rounds . I knew he was n't going to go down easy .
So are we going to see more of you in the future now that you 're back ?
Definitely . I 've got more fights for Fight Time . I 'll definitely be back in the cage .
Jason Soares gets his hand raised following a quick first-round submission victory .
Featherweight ( 145 lbs . ) Fight – Three Rounds
Jason Soares [ 4-0 ] def . Tristan Payne [ 3-4 ] – Submission by Rear-naked Choke ( RNC ) – R1 , 1:40
Payne , 28 , was on a two–fight losing streak , his last loss coming by first-round KO at Fight Time 15 . He had previously won twice by KO , once by UD and had lost each possible way . Inactive during 2012 , the Tallahassee-based fighter had a fight at least once a year since his debut in October 2009 . Across from him was Jason Soares , 23 , who had gone undefeated since his 2012 debut , winning his last two fights by submission and his debut by second-round TKO .
In the opening moments , Soares caught Payne with a very nice head kick , putting him on his heels . Payne returned fire after being backed against the cage , dropping Soares , who responded with a successful takedown , taking his opponent 's back against the cage before sinking in a quick and sweet first-round submission .
Soares , who comes from a solid wrestling background , looks to be rising through the ranks rather well . Undefeated at 23 , he still needs to win a couple more fights before being seriously considered for a call up , but he 's one to watch .
Yoislandy Izquierdo ( center ) stays true to his nickname , holding up the Cuban flag following his TKO victory .
Lightweight ( 155 lbs . ) Fight – Three Rounds
Yoislandy “ Cuba ” Izquierdo [ 9-2 ] def . Avery McPhatter [ 2-4 ] by TKO ( strikes ) – R3 , :30
A hell of a fight . Izquierdo , 29 , was on a two-fight win streak ( both in fight time – this was his third fight straight with the promotion this year ) after going 0-2 in the UFC during 2012 . Before being called up , he went undefeated in his first six fights . A knockout guy , he had five wins by KO , one by submission and two by decision . To supplement his iron fists is a similar granite jaw ; he 's never been knocked out himself .
“ The Irish Hurricane ” McPhatter , a 24-year-old Tampa fighter , is a tall ( 6 ' 2 ” ) lightweight . Coming into the fight on a two-fight losing skid – one in Fight Time ( by decision ) and one in Bellator – he had also fought for XFC , splitting wins and losses . He 'd been absent from the sport for two years , losing his last fight by TKO .
Izquierdo showed great creativity in his in-cage performance . He came out and immediately showed off some flashy Capoiera techniques – a spinning wheel kick and spinning backfist , which he landed , putting McPhatter on wobbly legs towards the cage .
This was hardly a one-sided beating , however Izquierdo certainly showed crisper strikes from a deeper playbook . He did fight like it was a one round fight , however , and I was concerned he would wilt in the later rounds . He also was able to take McPhatter down several times and showed some good jiu-jitsu as well , putting his opponent in a few disadvantageous positions .
The fight came to an end when “ Cuba ” caught McPhatter early in the third round and put him away with a flurry of strikes . A few more like this over loftier competition and we may see Izquierdo get called up to the big show sooner rather than later .
Steve Mocco moves to 4-0 with this victory .
Heavyweight ( 207+ lbs . ) Fight – Three Rounds
Steve Mocco [ 4-0 ] def . Alonzo Roane [ 3-4 ] by submission ( arm triangle ) – R3 , :47
This fight was bumped up to co-main event status when it was announced that Sherdog.com had named it the fight to watch in the month of November . Mocco , 31 , is a former 2008 heavyweight Olympic wrestler who was brought into ATT to help “ Bigfoot ” Silva train for his UFC 146 fight with Cain Velasquez . He made his debut in Ed Soares ' RFA promotion back in November 2012 and had since gone undefeated , winning twice by submission and once by unanimous decision . Roane had his first fight in 2008 and then did n't fight for two years . When he finally came back , he won his first fight , though he has since gone 1-3 .
Mocco landed a good takedown in the first round , showing decent movement on the ground to maintain advantageous position and regularly searching for submission . Roane showed incredible single-arm strength when he staved off a very scary kimura . Once Mocco adds a bit more brutality to his ground and pound his grappling game is going to be very scary indeed . He did show good potential , however , throwing some varied striking including front kicks and a crisp right straight .
By the third round , the Olympian chipped away enough at his opponent to sink in a very nice arm triangle to seal the deal . Now at 4-0 , it 's time for a step up in competition . I 'd like to see this guy go against a good striker with legitimate take down defense .
The ref mercifully pulls Patrick Williams off of his opponent .
Featherweight ( 145 lbs . ) Fight – Three Rounds
Patrick Williams [ 7-3 ] def . Rafael Dias [ 16-11-2 ] by TKO ( strikes ) – R1 , 2:17
The main event , though it ended quickly , was a great bout nonetheless . Williams , 32 , has only been fighting since 2010 and , like his opponent , was undefeated in the Fight Time promotion going into their contest . A well-rounded fighter with a 7-3 record , winning three fights by KO , two by submission and once by decision . One of his losses included a KO to Pablo Alfonso , the guy who recently submitted Miguel Torres at WSOF 6 .
Dias , 34 , fights out of ATT and is , by and large , a submission artist , fighting professionally since 2004 . He 's fought for Bellator , WEC and IFL and had seen some success in Fight Time , being undefeated in the two previous appearances he made in the promotion .
The main event started with Williams coming out very strong , landing some great strikes . Dias , not liking what he was seeing , attempted a takedown but Williams answered back with a front headlock . Very explosive and quick , Williams just picked Dias apart on the feet , nailing him with a flying knee against the cage . Dias showed Williams some adversity , threatening with some good subs , but Williams managed to fight his way out , landing a powerful right hook which floored Dias . He followed it up , pounding out his opponent in a bloody beatdown .
Needless to say , this Patrick Williams guy has got some chops . Though his opponent had three times the number of fights he 'd had , he performed as if he were the veteran , giving Dias nothing to work with . At 32 , he needs to keep his foot on the gas pedal .
( All photos were taken by MMAOwl.com but are , as stipulated by Fight Time Promotions , the property of Fight Time Promotions . )
Illustration credit : Aaron Lopez-Barrantes
A Portrait of The Author as a Young Person
David Foster Wallace and ( Social ) Media 's Double Bind
Samuél L. Barrantes Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 5 , 2015
By Samuél Lopez-Barrantes
Mike C. Miley has written a fantastic article about David Foster Wallace and the question of art and authenticity . Miley prefaces his essay with the following conundrum , inspired by a similar scenario found in DFW 's Infinite Jest :
“ ( 1a ) You are an individual who writes fiction . As a fiction writer , you are pathologically driven to shun attention and sit in a room alone for months on end and write , write , write . You must write .
( 1b ) But , you are also an individual whose survival requires you to sell your work . As such an individual in modern America , you must pathologically court attention by promoting your work in every conceivable media outlet . You can never fall out of the public eye .
( 1c ) … It is a Double-Bind .
( 1d ) Thus , respond to the question of , what do you do ? ”
As an individual who writes fiction and hopes to make a living by writing books , I need to “ get out there. ” But what generally makes a book publishable is part ( 1a ) in the double bind above : I write because I need to , because I enjoy existing in the world of fiction , shunning attention . As a young author , however , I am told it ca n't just be about the novel . I myself need to be consumed . I become my own brand . Thus bags the question : in a society that glorifies self-aggrandisement , various gimmicks and constant social media presence , how is it possible to remain authentic ?
On the one hand , I dream of making a living as a writer . I also want the recognition . I want to sell books . I want to be reviewed in high-up places . In order for this to happen ( if at all ) I must Tweet ; I must Facebook ; I must Instagram and hand out business cards ; I must write essays on Medium ; in short , I must commodify my Self . Samuél Lopez-Barrantes , a writer , becomes Samuél L. Barrantes , The Author . It is n't just a novel I 'm peddling — I must promote my very existence .
To become published , in a way , is to directly contradict the writing experience .
The problem is I hate this . It feels antithetical . The paradox of writing is that it 's impossible to do well without ignoring ( if not outright shunning ) all concepts of fame and popularity and “ social media presence , ” and yet it is impossible to make writing a career without remaining “ relevant . ”
When done well , writing allows me to forget what others think about me . When done exceedingly well , it allows me to forget about myself . To write is to escape the very notion of needing ( or even wanting ) to be read … it is to communicate , yes , but this communication is internal , at least initially . For a few hours each day , when things are going well , I 'm able to forget about networking and book sales and online reviews ; I can lose myself in a world that does n't care about Samuél the Author 's existence . And that world , the fictional world , is where the writer truly exists . In DFW 's words , “ Writing fiction takes me out of time . I sit down and the clock will not exist for me for a few hours . That 's probably as close to immortal as we 'll ever get . ”
The reality — or is it surreality ? —of being a published author , however , is that the very shunning of attention that allowed me to write a book has now been turned on its head . There are emails to check , Twitter pages to manage , people to contact , applications for various retreats and grants . All of this is essential to remaining relevant and becoming financially successful , of course , but in terms of being a successful writer , is “ remaining relevant ” the true essence ?
The current obsession and need to be seen and followed and liked seems to be in direct opposition to what it means to be a good person , let alone a good writer . The loudest people on Twitter usually have the most followers . Being incessant , if not outright annoying , always increases awareness . It 's as if we human beings were still in high school when it comes to “ social media presence ” : the cool kids speak loudly . Arrogance is glorified , not deference . I suspect , however , that we 're addicted to this need for distraction , entertainment , and validation because much like the public 's obsession with entertainment in Infinite Jest , deep down we 're scared to death about feeling irrelevant .
There are n't any calories in Facebook flags or Instagram hearts .
Social media is simply the latest attempt to measure self-worth . Selfie-sticks are in high production . Instagram and Twitter are n't going anywhere . We now have to qualify what we mean by “ having friends. ” The problem is , “ maintaining an online presence ” has become essential for a generation of human beings . And for the artists amongst us who hope to pay the rent with our creations , how can we maintain authenticty if we 're constantly seeking attention ? To become published , in a way , is to directly contradict the writing experience . And I wonder if it 's possible to remain true to what matters ( a life of modesty and respect ) while simultaneously trying to find more followers and get re-Tweeted ? ( The word “ followers , ” by the way , makes me think of some selfie-inspired cult following … the vocabulary of social media would be right at home in Infinite Jest ) . Is it possible , I wonder , to market Samuél , The Author ( I am my favorite commodity ! ) without sacrificing some essential aspect of Samuél the Writer , the attention-wary human being ?
Double-bind , indeed .
So what does a portrait of a young author concerned with authenticity look like in the Age of Instagram ? It looks like a confused person , mostly . In a society that glorifies being seen and being liked , being followed and being admired , being swiped left or right , how do we stay humble without hashtagging ourselves into oblivion ? What does it mean to remain genuine ? How do we even talk about “ social media presence ” without turning ourselves into a gimmick ?
“ Something happens in your late twenties , ” David Foster-Wallace once said , “ Where you realize that how other people regard you does not have enough calories in it , to keep you from blowing your brains out . ”
One thing I do know is there are n't any calories in Facebook flags or Instagram hearts . Only creation can provide sustenance , no hashtags and no filters .
Samuél writes from Paris , France . His work has appeared in the The International Forum for Logotherapy , SLAM Magazine , Paris Lit Up Magazine and Writer 's Digest . His debut novel , Slim and The Beast ( Inkshares , 2015 ) was also the debut novel for America 's first crowdfunded publishing house . 232 people made it happen , and this is why he is a humanist . You can find other writings and inspiration at www.slbfiction.com .
Name suggestions can be submitted at the wolf center 's website , wolf.org , until 11:59 p.m. Friday . Submitted names will be narrowed down to three options for each pup , and final voting will take place from June 28 until July 1 . The winning names are expected to be announced July 11 .
The pups can be seen four times a day during live programs at the wolf center and can also be viewed on the streaming pup cams at wolf.org .
`` We hope that people will observe the pups firsthand at the interpretive center or through the pup cams . By watching them play and explore , people can get an idea of their personalities to come up with creative and memorable names , '' Executive Director Rob Schultz said in a statement .
Arctic wolves live north of the Arctic Circle and survive in some of the most extreme conditions on Earth , according to the wolf center . The pups are expected to transition quickly from their dark fur color to pure white this summer .
The pups arrived in Ely from Canada on May 25 after being monitored on the flight by specialists and receiving the OK by U.S . Fish and Wildlife upon arrival .
`` Adding arctic pups from the remote regions of Canada allow us to teach people about another subspecies of wolves — one that people would never see in the wild . Visitors will see the pups growing very quickly , nearly a pound per day , '' wolf curator Lori Schmidt said in a statement .
The pups have received around-the-clock care at the wolf center for several weeks . Staff and trained volunteers have begun the intense socialization process to ensure the pup 's long-term health and safety , according to the wolf center .
The wolf center does n't breed wolves , instead it adopts wolf pups every four years to join its Exhibit Pack . The pups are expected to join the pack in early August . The pack includes adult wolves Grizzer , Aidan , Denali , Luna and Boltz .
Matt Rosoff Business Insider Unions in the San Francisco Bay Area are hoping to unionize Apple security guards .
They 're hoping that if Apple can be convinced to let its employees unionize , then other companies in the region will follow its lead .
In an interview with Re/code 's Nellie Bowles , United Service Workers West Vice President Samuel Kehinde states that `` if Tim Cook said , 'yes , unionize , ' other companies would follow . ''
To that end , the union has protested outside of Apple 's store in downtown San Francisco and created a browser-based video game showing how difficult it is to live in Silicon Valley on a security officer 's income .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( TXT ) , security guards in the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland area earned $ 12.99 per hour on average in 2010 .
While Apple continues to bring in billions of dollars in profits each quarter , Kehinde claims that the company is working against union efforts . He recalled the following scene to Re/code , which reads like something out of a thriller :
`` Tech is harder to unionize than other industries . First of all , Silicon Valley is so spread out , '' Kehinde said . `` And they 're instructed by the companies not to talk to us . ''
`` And they are always watching , '' he said . `` The officers have microphones on their uniforms , and someone is always listening for us . I was in the parking lot of Outback Steakhouse in Cupertino with an Apple security guard , and in less than three minutes eight security cars ambushed us . We were n't even on Apple property . They 're listening . It 's kind of scary . ''
Apple has not responded to a request for comment on this story .
Maybe the only way is n't up after all : newly released concept drawings by a Greek architect for a skyscraper in Manhattan bend more than just minds .
According to architect Ioannis Oikonomou , New York 's zoning laws are prompting developers to explore new ways to maximize a building 's height . To that end , his studio is exploring substituting height with length .
Apart from being a novel addition to Manhattan 's impressive skyline , the structure — dubbed The Bag Bend — could essentially become a viable architectural solution that addresses the height limitations of buildings in the city . It could even be an answer to the city 's expensive housing — giving the building the prestige of a high-rise while maximizing the limited space .
In renderings , the building is shown to be a 4,000-foot-long , glass-lined tower . It will also come equipped with an elevator that can travel in curves , horizontally , and in continuous loops .
Conservative commentator Pat Buchanan spoke with radio host John Catsimatidis on his Sunday radio show “ The Cats Roundtable ” AM 970 in New York , where they discussed terrorism and immigration in light of the Syrian refugee crisis .
The former adviser to both Reagan and Nixon said Europe is becoming “ half Muslim ” and “ half Christian , ” and will eventually become “ predominantly Muslim . ”
“ I think we are seeing a general retreat of liberalism in the United States and in Europe , and a fairly dramatic shift to the right , if you will , politically and ideologically . These events are producing a tremendous rise in nationalism , I think in tribalism in Europe , of nations desiring to be themselves , securing their borders , and almost as well of Caesarism — in other words , the look for a strong leader , someone who will deal with these devils who came to kill us and who will deal with them in a tough way . ”
“ Europe has a great decision to make . They have to ask themselves whether they 're going to accept being remade into a continent that is half Muslim , half Christian and eventually predominantly Muslim , ” he added .
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
CLOSE Teen shoots members of family during early morning argument . George Walker IV / The Tennessean
Buy Photo Police stand outside an apartment in Berkshire Place where a shooting happened Tuesday morning , March 1 , 2016 . ( Photo : George Walker IV / The Tennessean ) Buy Photo
An argument over getting out of bed for school Tuesday morning led a teenage boy to open fire on four family members , including his grandmother and two young children , in an East Nashville home , Metro police said .
Nashville police spokeswoman Kris Mumford said that shortly before 7:17 a.m. a relative was attempting to wake up the 16-year-old boy inside his home at Berkshire Place Apartments on Porter Road when an argument broke out .
`` There was a quarrel about getting up and getting ready for the day when ( at some point ) the 16-year-old ran to a closet , got a 9 mm handgun and started firing , '' Mumford said .
Bullets struck the teen 's 67-year-old grandmother twice , and his 12-year-old sister and 6-year-old nephew were both grazed by gunfire . The teen 's nephew is his older sister 's son , Mumford said .
The teen also tried to shoot his 42-year-old mother in the living room of the home , but Mumford said the woman ducked behind a couch and avoided being hit .
The teen 's 2-year-old sister was also in the home when the gunfire broke out but she was not struck by bullets , Mumford said .
The teen then fled the home on foot and tossed the gun at a nearby apartment .
Police responded and six nearby schools , including Cora Howe School — a polling location for Tennessee 's primary elections — were placed on lockdown , Metro Schools spokesman Joe Bass said .
Police eventually recovered the handgun and captured the teen walking in the 1500 block of Straightway Avenue near a set of railroad tracks .
The teen 's grandmother was transported to Vanderbilt University Medical Center where she is expected to recover . The two children were being treated at Monroe Carell Jr. Children 's Hospital at Vanderbilt . No one else was struck by gunfire .
Mumford said the teen 's family told officers they were not aware the firearm was in the closet .
She said investigators plan to test the gun in an attempt to track where it came from .
As of Tuesday afternoon , police had not released the boy 's name . Police say he refused to talk to domestic violence detectives .
The boy has been charged in Juvenile Court with four counts of attempted homicide and one count of reckless endangerment .
Mumford said the teen attends Johnson Alternative Learning Center and although he has a misdemeanor arrest history , his record does not include violent crime .
The triple shooting comes on the heels of the city seeing a drastic surge in lethal youth violence in 2015 .
Of the 75 criminal homicides last year , 20 of the victims were teenagers or younger — the highest number of youth deaths to hit Nashville in the past decade . The teens all died as a result of gunfire .
As law enforcement and community leaders struggle to understand the trend of lethal youth violence , Nashville Mayor Megan Barry vowed in December to create a new action plan on the issue by the spring .
“ Fortunately , these were non-life-threatening injuries , '' Mumford said Tuesday . `` These are disturbing actions as the community as a whole is addressing youth violence . It 's going to take all of us working together to try and dissuade people from using this kind of violence . ''
Reach Natalie Neysa Alund at 615-259-8072 . Follow her on Twitter @ nataliealund .
Read or Share this story : http : //tnne.ws/1oVKfeE
Staying true to his `` pledge to erode the constitutional right to abortion , '' President Donald Trump on Friday nominated leading anti-choice crusader Charmaine Yoest to a top post at the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) .
The anti-choice law firm Americans United for Life , where Yoest previously served as president and CEO , describes the nominee as `` 'public enemy # 1 ' to many in the pro-abortion community . '' Indeed , upon learning of her nomination to be assistant secretary of public affairs , advocates of reproductive rights expressed dismay and fear for what her appointment could mean for organizations like Planned Parenthood , and for women 's healthcare in general .
`` Trump has broken nearly all of his promises to the American people in his first 100 days , but he has certainly stuck to his pledge to erode the constitutional right to abortion , punishing women in the process , '' Ilyse Hogue , president of NARAL Pro-Choice America , said in a statement Friday .
`` This nomination helps fulfill that twisted promise and speaks volumes about the Trump administration 's continued disdain for reproductive freedom and women 's rights , '' Hogue continued . `` As the former President and CEO of Americans United for Life , Charmaine Yoest has spoken at length about her desire to ban abortion in this country , and has spent her career working to abolish women 's most basic constitutional right to bodily autonomy . Her nomination should deeply concern the vast majority of Americans who believe abortion should be legal and accessible , and please anti-choice extremists who are committed to punishing women at every turn . ''
As assistant secretary of public pffairs at HHS , Yoest will be charged with `` shap [ ing ] communications efforts for the entire agency , '' Politico observed , adding that the `` appointment comes at a time when states with Republican governors and GOP-dominated legislatures have enacted a wave of new abortion restrictions , many of which have been blocked in court . ''
In other words , Rewire reported , `` Yoest will communicate the policy decisions of her boss [ HHS Secretary Tom Price ] , who believes 'there 's not one ' woman who ca n't afford birth control , to the press and the public . ''
Notably , one of AUL 's services is drafting anti-choice legislation which it peddles to conservative governments .
`` It is unacceptable that someone with a history of promoting myths and false information about women 's health is appointed to a government position whose main responsibility is to provide the public with accurate and factual information , '' said Dawn Laguens , executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America . `` Charmaine Yoest has spent her whole professional life opposing access to birth control and a woman 's right to a safe , legal abortion . While President Trump claims to empower women , he is appointing government officials who believe just the opposite . ''
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
What 's more , as one observer pointed out , the HHS Office of Inspector General has already been `` pressured into witch hunts '' against Planned Parenthood `` for years . '' Now that Yoest will be `` in the system , '' wrote Twitter user @ JasperAvi , `` she can do an immense amount of harm . ''
As Rep. Barbara Lee ( D-Calif. ) succinctly put it : `` Pres . Trump wants radical anti-abortion activists to make healthcare decisions for women . This is a clear attack on women 's basic rights . ''
NARAL took to Twitter on Friday to highlight just some of Yoest 's troubling stances :
Yoest was President of Americans United for Life , which calls itself the architect behind the onslaught of state anti-choice bills , such as : pic.twitter.com/lJJtPgvyyf — NARAL ( @ NARAL ) April 28 , 2017
She wants to ban abortion altogether , no exceptions for cases of rape , incest , or health of the mother . https : //t.co/5VhNTWsH0o — NARAL ( @ NARAL ) April 28 , 2017
Yoest opposes birth control like the IUD , which she thinks has “ life-ending properties ” ( it does n't . ) https : //t.co/txrAz087Dn — NARAL ( @ NARAL ) April 28 , 2017
She served as Vice President of the Family Research Council , a @ splcenter designated anti- # LGBTQ hate group . https : //t.co/tHjQHjTiDe — NARAL ( @ NARAL ) April 28 , 2017
from Lars Syll
Every dollar of increased government spending must correspond to one less dollar of private spending . Jobs created by stimulus spending are offset by jobs lost from the decline in private spending . We can build roads instead of factories , but fiscal stimulus ca n't help us to build more of both . This form of “ crowding out ” is just accounting , and does n't rest on any perceptions or behavioral assumptions . John Cochrane
And the tiny little problem ? It 's utterly and completely wrong !
What Cochrane is reiterating here is nothing but Say 's law , basically saying that savings are equal to investments and that if the state increases investments , then private investments have to come down ( ‘ crowding out ' ) . As an accounting identity , there is , of course , nothing to say about the law , but as such , it is also totally uninteresting from an economic point of view . As some of my Swedish forerunners — Gunnar Myrdal and Erik Lindahl — stressed more than 80 years ago , it 's really a question of ex-ante and ex-post adjustments . And as further stressed by a famous English economist about the same time , what happens when ex-ante savings and investments differ , is that we basically get output adjustments . GDP changes and so makes saving and investments equal ex-post . And this , nota bene , says nothing at all about the success or failure of fiscal policies !
Government borrowing is supposed to “ crowd out ” private investment . The current reality is that on the contrary , the expenditure of the borrowed funds ( unlike the expenditure of tax revenues ) will generate added disposable income , enhance the demand for the products of private industry , and make private investment more profitable . As long as there are plenty of idle resources lying around , and monetary authorities behave sensibly , ( instead of trying to counter the supposedly inflationary effect of the deficit ) those with a prospect for profitable investment can be enabled to obtain financing . Under these circumstances , each additional dollar of deficit will in the medium long run induce two or more additional dollars of private investment . The capital created is an increment to someone 's wealth and ipso facto someone 's saving . “ Supply creates its own demand ” fails as soon as some of the income generated by the supply is saved , but investment does create its own saving , and more . Any crowding out that may occur is the result , not of underlying economic reality , but of inappropriate restrictive reactions on the part of a monetary authority in response to the deficit . William Vickrey
In a lecture on the US recession , Robert Lucas gave an outline of what the new classical school of macroeconomics today thinks on the latest downturns in the US economy and its future prospects .
Lucas starts by showing that real US GDP has grown at an average yearly rate of 3 percent since 1870 , with one big dip during the Depression of the 1930s and a big – but smaller – dip in the recent recession .
After stating his view that the US recession that started in 2008 was basically caused by a run for liquidity , Lucas then goes on to discuss the prospect of recovery from where the US economy is today , maintaining that past experience would suggest an “ automatic ” recovery , if the free market system is left to repair itself to equilibrium unimpeded by social welfare activities of the government .
As could be expected there is no room for any Keynesian type considerations on eventual shortages of aggregate demand discouraging the recovery of the economy . No , as usual in the new classical macroeconomic school 's explanations and prescriptions , the blame game points to the government and its lack of supply-side policies .
Lucas is convinced that what might arrest the recovery are higher taxes on the rich , greater government involvement in the medical sector and tougher regulations of the financial sector . But – if left to run its course unimpeded by European type welfare state activities -the free market will fix it all .
In a rather cavalier manner – without a hint of argument or presentation of empirical facts – Lucas dismisses even the possibility of a shortfall of demand . For someone who already 30 years ago proclaimed Keynesianism dead – “ people do n't take Keynesian theorizing seriously anymore ; the audience starts to whisper and giggle to one another ” – this is of course only what could be expected . Demand considerations are simply ruled out on whimsical theoretical-ideological grounds , much like we have seen other neo-liberal economists do over and over again in their attempts to explain away the fact that the latest economic crises show how the markets have failed to deliver . If there is a problem with the economy , the true cause has to be the government .
Chicago economics is a dangerous pseudo-scientific zombie ideology that ultimately relies on the poor having to pay for the mistakes of the rich . Trying to explain business cycles in terms of rational expectations has failed blatantly . Maybe it would be asking too much of freshwater economists like Lucas and Cochrane to concede that , but it 's still a fact that ought to be embarrassing . My rational expectation is that 30 years from now , no one in economics will know who Robert Lucas or John Cochrane was . John Maynard Keynes , on the other hand , will still be known as one of the masters of economics .
Did you see it ? Tell us on Facebook !
Many WPTZ viewers reported seeing a blue-green fireball streak across the sky around 8:45 p.m . Sunday . `` What was that bright ball shape thing in the sky that fell a few mins ago towards NY ? I 'm not the only one who saw it , '' wrote Jennifer Maxfield Gomo on WPTZ 's Facebook page.It was likely a meteor , or shooting star . They 're created when debris from space enters earth 's atmosphere and burns up . So far , no impact site has been reported.Several witnesses across Vermont , northern New York and southern Quebec took to the American Meteor Society 's website to report the incident.Did you see it ? Tell us on Facebook ! Photo courtesy of Ethan Rogati .
Many WPTZ viewers reported seeing a blue-green fireball streak across the sky around 8:45 p.m. Sunday .
`` What was that bright ball shape thing in the sky that fell a few mins ago towards NY ? I 'm not the only one who saw it , '' wrote Jennifer Maxfield Gomo on WPTZ 's Facebook page .
Advertisement
It was likely a meteor , or shooting star . They 're created when debris from space enters earth 's atmosphere and burns up . So far , no impact site has been reported .
Several witnesses across Vermont , northern New York and southern Quebec took to the American Meteor Society 's website to report the incident .
Did you see it ? Tell us on Facebook !
Photo courtesy of Ethan Rogati .
AlertMe
Thanks so much , Roger Ailes – we could n't have done it without you ! And all praise to George Will , Bill O'Reilly , Rush Limbaugh , et al – if not for you , and your legions of credulous friends and followers , we never could have re-elected Barack Obama…
Think about it for a moment . Without Fox News , talk radio , the Drudge Report , conservative bloggers like Erick Erickson and the rest of the self-insulating , self-inoculating and obviously self-deluding right wing media echo chamber , there 's just no way Barack Obama could have pulled himself off the ropes and back into the victor 's circle .
Without the wacky hacks and their irrational attacks , it 's highly likely Mitt Romney and his cohorts would be celebrating instead today – and that the Senate would have swung Republican as well . After all , as columnist Nicholas Kristof put it in the New York Times , “ This was one that the Republicans really should have won . ”
Heresy ? Hardly ! As Kristof accurately noted , “ Given the weak economy , American voters were open to firing President Obama… . And , at the beginning of this year , it looked as if the Republicans might win control of the United States Senate as well . ”
So what happened ? For one thing , the vast right wing media conspiracy started to believe its own hype – and as a result got hoist on its own petard . Living in a carefully circumscribed disinformation cocoon eventually led to the entire party being sucked into a swirling “ ideological black hole , ” as the right wing media ginned up so much outrage that first cable crazies and later their mutant offspring , the Tea Party , took over the primary process . In so doing , they managed first to blow GOP control of the Senate , snatching defeat from the jaws of victory with an odd insistence on putting up a succession of kooky kandidates , ( ranging from Christine “ I am not a witch ! ” O'Donnell to Todd “ legitimate rape ” Akin ) and thus losing a series of eminently winnable seats . At the same time , their extreme insistence on policy purity ended up also driving moderates like Olympia Snowe clear out of the party – and consequently , a Republican majority out of the Senate .
Next the conservative media focused on a number of equally kooky kandidates for President – a veritable joke-of-the-week club that at one time included everyone from Donald Trump to Herman Cain – while at the same time pushing Mitt Romney , the only contender with any real chance of later tacking to the center and winning a general election , so far to the “ severely conservative ” side of issues like immigration that he was never able to recover .
SPONSORED
No , it was n't the vaunted ' “ ground game , ” or Obama 's magnetic personality , or indeed , much of anything on offer from Democrats that caused the Republican defeat . Obama 's re-election was n't so much a result of “ destiny ” or “ demography , ” as the instant conventional wisdom now has it , as of sheer stupidity and denial on the part of the Republican elders . Their ostrich-like behavior , exacerbated by the breathless pandering of Faux News & Co. , has seen Republicans lose the popular vote in five of the last six presidential elections . Let them keep their false narratives and insistence that Nate Silver and the polls are somehow biased . As Conor Friedersdorf wrote in the Atlantic , “ On the biggest political story of the year , the conservative media just got its ass handed to it by the mainstream media . ”
So Rush , BillO , Glenn , Roger and pals – please keep it up guys , we literally can ' t do it without you !
And here 's a modest proposal for Democrats , liberals and their progressive allies : instead of complaining constantly about Limbaugh and Beck or Murdoch and Hannity , start supporting them in any way possible . Contribute to their pledge drives . Patronize their advertisers . Lie to the ratings agencies to boost their numbers . After all , keeping Republicans in the dark with inane conspiracies and misinformation , cut off from accurate assessments of political and societal developments , and trapped in a “ faith-based ” rather than “ reality-based ” mindset , is clearly a winning tactic .
growing bin records is specialized in European Jazz & Fusion , Krautrock , Elektronik , New Age , Balearic , Ambient , Disco , Leftfield Dancemusic and the likes ....
I do n't sell any thing that I would n't buy myself !
And I do n't like pigeon-holing but I do think that words are often insufficient to describe music .
That 's why the records for sale here have soundclips . Hopefully you 'll enjoy these !
It takes a bit of time to add pics , clips , and `` annoying '' advertising texts to the shop , so it 'll take me a bit of time to get the whole stock online . There still are thousands of LPs , 12 '' s and 7 '' s to be added ...
If you 'd like to receive information about new releases , stock updates and reduced items please follow GBR on facebook or use the newsletter thing on the right below the search thing .
Cheers , Basso
Publisher : Lancer Books , Inc .
First Lancer Edition , 1966
Cover Art : Gray Morrow
Plot Synopsis ( of cover ) : Tarzan , tired of adventuring with Jane and the apes , is itching for new challenges to meet . He strikes out on his own to battle against a sex cult of Blue Man Group worshipers at their annual carnival in the middle of the ocean . They are generally a peaceful bunch—their uniforms , assless BDSM garments patched together with crimson strips of Fruit by the Foot , were designed with several purposes in mind , but making war was not amongst them . Tarzan , however , was unaware of this , and his uninformed first impressions of the blue crew skewed combative . Their cerulean wieners , for one , bobbed beneath candied loincloths , revealed in their tumescence by even the briefest of zephyrs . Tarzan took these angry azure dongs as a threat . What 's more , Tarzan noted that some of them were armed with vicious , multi-pronged implements of torture . It was one of these apparent villains that Tarzan would choose as his first opponent , swooping down upon him with a mighty jungle bellow . Of course , having never before seen a barbecue fork , Tarzan could not be held too much to blame for his mistake .
Relatively Irrelevant Inside Text : To start , I want to say that this was a fun read . I 'm gon na shit all over it in a second , so I need to get that out of the way . If you want something simple and enjoyable to bring to the beach on holiday , this is n't a bad choice and you can stop reading right now . If , however , you 're a cynical prick and do n't mind spoilers… look , I love Moorcock , but this reads like fanfiction featuring someone 's “ totally original ” Gary Stu drop-in character . For real , this book should be called “ Oh No ! Thank Goodness. ” “ Oh , No ! I 've been teleported millions of years into the past onto Mars ! Thank Goodness I materialized unharmed into a breathable atmosphere in a field where the princess of the most benevolent culture on the planet just happened to be standing. ” “ Oh , No ! She speaks a completely different language than I do ! Thank Goodness unseen ancient aliens left behind a machine that dumps the one root language on the planet into your head , and the princess knows exactly how it works and how it feels even though nobody has ever used it before because everyone speaks the same root language. ” “ Oh , No ! We 're besieged by sword-wielding warriors ! Thank Goodness I 'm an Olympic-level fencer who was also trained from a young age to use broadswords , and oh look you 've got an epee in your armory. ” “ Oh , No ! The warriors are organized , and the city 's army is scattered ! Thank Goodness I 'm a Vietnam veteran and can apply my knowledge of tactics and warfare to hatch a plan as well as climb the ramparts to use my awesome sword skillz ( and be constantly confused at how good at it I am ) . ” “ Oh , No ! The princess has been kidnapped and taken to a village of thieves and murderers ! Thank Goodness the leader of our military is best friends with a thief in that town who is intimately familiar with the place she 's been taken captive. ” “ Oh , No ! The princess with whom I 've fallen in love is betrothed to another ! Thank Goodness he 's a traitor and she was in secret love with me the whole time because I am ALL THAT IS MAN ! ” Seriously , that last one was n't even a spoiler , unless you are a ) giving the plot more credit than it deserves , or b ) thick as a brick . On top of all that warrior training and sex appeal , the protagonist ( who speaks eight languages , including a smattering of Apache and Sioux ) is also the physics prodigy who invented the teleporter in the first place—somebody 's definitely been using cheat codes on their character creation screen . But do not fret , fellow adventurer , as I can unsnarl this unseemly narrative and make sense of it all . See , the book is told from the perspective of a wealthy young writer who encounters the protagonist at a bar in Nice , buys him a beer , and then takes him back to his hotel room to record the story on audiotape for future publication . The book concludes with the writer agreeing to assist the protagonist in his quest to return to Mars ( the protagonist being re-integrated on Earth in his own time by his technicians , Thank Goodness after his adventure had concluded ) by funding the manufacture of a more finely-tuned teleporter . My headcanon extends as follows : our protagonist , a con artist of little repute , attempts to get a free beer off of a mark . The mark just happens to be the most gullible , spoon-fed whale of a rube ever to grace God 's green earth , and the con man recognizes him immediately for what he is . On the spot , and half in his cups already , the con man ineptly tries to milk the writer for all he 's worth . The transparent and fantastical falsehood he concocts somehow convinces the naive young fop that the con man is essentially a living deity . Stars in his eyes , the writer agrees to finance the con man 's teleporter , sending him monthly checks in the mail “ for research and development of new technologies. ” Why they were always cashed at the liquor store , the writer never knew .
Rating : 7.3 Topless Martian Princesses Who Think You 're Dead Sexy
Questions for Critical Cover-Viewing :
Is it possible to get the jump on somebody by dropping down on a rope right in front of them without any surrounding cover whatsoever ?
Given the length of the man 's arms compared to the length of the sword on his hip , would n't he need someone else 's help to draw that thing out ?
Seeing as Mars only has two moons , are we handing out free moons now , and , if we are , is that rope attached to a fourth one in super low orbit ?
Click to find us on Facebook and Twitter , and Tumblr . We are also all over /r/badscificovers .
Advertisements
SAN JOSE ( KPIX 5 ) – Authorities in San Jose early Friday evening arrested the Scotts Valley bank robbery suspect who had successfully evaded police for over 30 hours .
Police had recovered a law enforcement vehicle that the suspect had stolen shortly after 4 p.m. in North San Jose near the 700 block of North 7th Street . Authorities have set up a perimeter were able to close in on the subject .
Video shot by Chopper 5 showed the suspect fleeing SWAT teams and uniformed officers with K-9 units on foot , running along railroad tracks before ending up in at a construction site .
Chopper 5 captured video that showed the handcuffed suspect in police custody shortly after 5 p.m . Authorities said the suspect had sustained minor injuries over the course of the pursuit . Paramedics arrived on the scene to examine the suspect before he was taken away .
The suspect reportedly stole the unmarked law enforcement car at some point Friday afternoon , Santa Clara County sheriff 's officials said .
Officials said around 2:30 p.m. that the man had stolen a 2009 silver Chevrolet Malibu , California license plate No . 3QWI051 , from the Redwood Estates area in the Santa Cruz Mountains , where deputies have been searching for him since Thursday morning .
Robbery suspect stole a vehicle from the Redwood Estates area . 2009 Silver Chevy Malibu ( CA License # 3QWI051 ) L.E . unmarked , similar to pic . pic.twitter.com/rwXT5zhiBE — SantaClaraCoSheriff ( @ SCCoSheriff ) January 27 , 2017
Authorities continued their search Friday for the dangerous suspect in the Santa Cruz Mountains after nearly arresting him in an early morning confrontation .
Police and CHP officers and Santa Clara County sheriff 's deputies have been swarming the region since late Thursday morning when the search for the suspect shut down Highway 17 in both directions for most of the day .
Authorities said the suspect ended up in Aldercroft Heights Friday morning at about 2 a.m. , where officers almost were able to arrest him .
KPIX 5 spoke with a man who happened upon the attempted arrest .
“ The cops had him there , there were probably 3-4 cops at that time , ” said witness Matthew Troquato .
Troquato was in his car when he came across the confrontation between the suspect and the officers .
“ The guy was in between me and the cops , so I was n't about to wait around if they start shooting , ” said Troquato . “ I just put it in reverse and backed it right up . ”
In the end , no shots were fired , but the suspected bank robber made another slippery getaway .
Thursday night at about 10:30 p.m. , a homeowner had a frightening encounter with the suspect . Authorities said he broke into a home on Weaver Road in the hills above Los Gatos .
The woman who lives there came home and found the suspect armed with her hunting knife . He changed clothes and then took off in her van .
Authorities described the suspect as Hispanic with a thin build and groomed facial hair . He stands about 5 foot 9 inches tall and was last seen wearing a green beanie , blue gloves , a teal San Jose Sharks top , black and white shoes and dark pants .
All of this evasion of officers was done through windy , rugged , terrain . A combination of hiking on foot and driving on steeply perched , narrow roads in an area that does n't normally see a lot of crime have kept the suspect out of custody .
Santa Clara County sheriff 's deputies have been on the hunt for the suspect since he allegedly robbed a bank in Scotts Valley Thursday morning before fleeing north on state Highway 17 , officials said .
The suspect hit several vehicles along the way during the pursuit . Scotts Valley police officers chased him over the hill into Santa Clara County . One of them opened fire on the suspect near Lexington Reservoir .
The suspect 's car became disabled near Redwood Estates .
Highway 17 was closed in both directions through the Thursday evening commute as police searched for the suspect and cleared several cars that were struck by the getaway car during the pursuit .
Search efforts have been focused around the rural community of Redwood Estates , near the Lexington Reservoir .
The nearby Lexington Elementary School , which was placed on lockdown by sheriff 's officials at 10:50 a.m. Thursday , canceled class as a safety precaution Friday . Los Gatos Union School District sent out a notification to parents at 6:50 a.m. Friday morning .
Save
Pride of Detroit is counting down the top 10 Lions players of 2012 , as voted on by readers of the site . More than 400 ballots were submitted , and today we are taking a look at the No . 6 player on the list .
No . 6 - TE Brandon Pettigrew - 1,256 points
Coming in at sixth on the top 10 Lions of 2012 is another member of Detroit 's 2009 draft class : Brandon Pettigrew . He was the Lions ' second first-round pick in 2009 and edged out fellow 2009 draftee Louis Delmas by 26 points for the sixth spot on the list . This is because he was on 290 ballots , eight more than Delmas and the most of any player on the list so far .
Pettigrew began his career with an injury-shortened season . After recording 30 catches for 346 yards and two touchdowns , Pettigrew went down with a torn ACL on Thanksgiving . It was n't clear at the time how the injury might affect his sophomore season in the NFL , but it luckily did n't force him to miss any game action .
In 2010 , after battling back from the injury , Pettigrew made 16 starts and had a breakout season with 71 catches , 722 yards and four touchdowns . He built on that season with career numbers in 2011 . He had 16 more starts and 83 catches for 777 yards and five touchdowns .
Entering his fourth season in the NFL , Pettigrew is a key part of the Lions ' offense . He is not only a major target for Matthew Stafford , but he is a solid blocker as well . He does need to be more consistent and limit how many drops he has , but Pettigrew is already one of the Lions ' biggest weapons on offense , which is why he ended up being ranked just outside the top five on the list of the top 10 Lions of 2012 .
Reminder : You can follow Pride of Detroit on Twitter and like us on Facebook .
A series of hacks perpetrated against so-called “ smart meter ” installations over the past several years may have cost a single U.S. electric utility hundreds of millions of dollars annually , the FBI said in a cyber intelligence bulletin obtained by KrebsOnSecurity . The law enforcement agency said this is the first known report of criminals compromising the hi-tech meters , and that it expects this type of fraud to spread across the country as more utilities deploy smart grid technology .
Smart meters are intended to improve efficiency , reliability , and allow the electric utility to charge different rates for electricity at different times of day . Smart grid technology also holds the promise of improving a utility 's ability to remotely read meters to determine electric usage .
But it appears that some of these meters are smarter than others in their ability to deter hackers and block unauthorized modifications . The FBI warns that insiders and individuals with only a moderate level of computer knowledge are likely able to compromise meters with low-cost tools and software readily available on the Internet .
Sometime in 2009 , an electric utility in Puerto Rico asked the FBI to help it investigate widespread incidents of power thefts that it believed was related to its smart meter deployment . In May 2010 , the bureau distributed an intelligence alert about its findings to select industry personnel and law enforcement officials .
Citing confidential sources , the FBI said it believes former employees of the meter manufacturer and employees of the utility were altering the meters in exchange for cash and training others to do so . “ These individuals are charging $ 300 to $ 1,000 to reprogram residential meters , and about $ 3,000 to reprogram commercial meters , ” the alert states .
The FBI believes that miscreants hacked into the smart meters using an optical converter device — such as an infrared light — connected to a laptop that allows the smart meter to communicate with the computer . After making that connection , the thieves changed the settings for recording power consumption using software that can be downloaded from the Internet .
“ The optical converter used in this scheme can be obtained on the Internet for about $ 400 , ” the alert reads . “ The optical port on each meter is intended to allow technicians to diagnose problems in the field . This method does not require removal , alteration , or disassembly of the meter , and leaves the meter physically intact . ”
The bureau also said another method of attacking the meters involves placing a strong magnet on the devices , which causes it to stop measuring usage , while still providing electricity to the customer .
“ This method is being used by some customers to disable the meter at night when air-conditioning units are operational . The magnets are removed during working hours when the customer is not home , and the meter might be inspected by a technician from the power company. ” “ Each method causes the smart meter to report less than the actual amount of electricity used . The altered meter typically reduces a customer 's bill by 50 percent to 75 percent . Because the meter continues to report electricity usage , it appears be operating normally . Since the meter is read remotely , detection of the fraud is very difficult . A spot check of meters conducted by the utility found that approximately 10 percent of meters had been altered . ”
“ The FBI assesses with medium confidence that as Smart Grid use continues to spread throughout the country , this type of fraud will also spread because of the ease of intrusion and the economic benefit to both the hacker and the electric customer , ” the agency said in its bulletin .
The feds estimate that the Puerto Rican utility 's losses from the smart meter fraud could reach $ 400 million annually . The FBI did n't say which meter technology or utility was affected , but the only power company in Puerto Rico with anywhere near that volume of business is the publicly-owned Puerto Rican Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ) . The company did not respond to requests for comment on this story .
The hacks described by the FBI do not work remotely , and require miscreants to have physical access to the devices . They succeed because many smart meter devices deployed today do little to obfuscate the credentials needed to change their settings , said according to Tom Liston and Don Weber , analysts with InGuardians Inc. , a security consultancy based in Washington , D.C .
Liston and Weber have developed a prototype of a tool and software program that lets anyone access the memory of a vulnerable smart meter device and intercept the credentials used to administer it . Weber said the toolkit relies in part on a device called an optical probe , which can be made for about $ 150 in parts , or purchased off the Internet for roughly $ 300 .
“ This is a well-known and common issue , one that we 've warning people about for three years now , where some of these smart meter devices implement unencrypted memory , ” Weber said . “ If you know where and how to look for it , you can gather the security code from the device , because it passes them unencrypted from one component of the device to another . ”
The two researchers were slated to demo their smart meter hacking tools at the Shmoocon security conference earlier this year , but agreed to pull the presentation at the last minute at the request of several vendors and utilities that they declined to name .
“ It turns out that the vendor has a consortium of utility customers with whom they have regular conference calls , ” Weber said . “ Several of the utilities in this group had a concern about the information becoming public . Luckily we have worked with several of the utilities in the group . We have been able to stem the fears of all but one utility . We hope to have
them on board very soon . ”
Liston said utilities have become accustomed to deploying meters that can last 30 years before needing to be replaced , but that the advanced interactive components being built into modern smart meters requires a much more thoughtful and careful approach to security .
“ Traditionally , metering technology has been very cost effective , because much of it is very resilient . But these older devices did n't have a lot of technology in them , and they certainly did n't have wireless connections and things like memory storage , ” Liston said . “ The utilities are still expecting the lifecycle of newer pieces of equipment to be 2o to 30 years , and they 're just coming to the realization that some of new stuff deployed is not going to last nearly that long . ”
Robert Former , a security engineer at smart meter manufacturer Itron , said he hopes that researchers continue to push the industry toward adopting technologies that can withstand these and potentially other , as-yet-undiscovered attacks .
“ What you 're hearing is the sound of [ a ] paradigm shifting without a clutch , ” Former said . “ Utilities have to be more enterprise security-aware . With these incidents at organizations of any size or age , the first reaction is to cover it up . The thinking is if we keep this kind of thing secret , nobody will find it or exploit it . But for those of us who are inside the industry , and have been at this long enough , the only way we 're going to fix a security problem is to expose it . ”
Tags : Don Weber , fbi , InGuardians , Itron , Puerto Rico , Robert Former , Shmoocon , smart meters , Tom Liston
A couple of months ago we reported about an Android-based LG Smart TV had its screen bricked after a critical ransomware infection . Now , a series of similar attacks is taking place against Samsung Galaxy S7 devices , in which hackers are infecting Galaxy S7 models with malware , locking out screens and demanding ransom payments .
These attacks are currently raising in the United Kingdom . The victim , in this case , told HackRead that it happened while they were using Facebook messenger on their smartphone , and no app was downloaded from a third party nor Google Play Store during or before the incident .
More : Hackers Infect Hotel Door Lock System with Ransomware
It happened on 18th March , when a supposed “ penalty notice ” from Enforcement Bailiffs Ltd appeared on the smartphone informing the victim that their device has been blocked due to the presence of Child abuse content . It must be noted that Enforcement Bailiffs Ltd is a UK based commercial property enforcement specialists and has nothing to do with cyber crime related cases .
Furthermore , the notice threatened victims in paying 200 GBP or else the so-called offensive material will be made public , and a case will go on trial . Here are the exclusive screenshots provided by the victim :
[ fullsquaread ] [ /fullsquaread ]
Moreover , the warning message informed the victim to pay the ransom money through secure online payment platform PaySafeCard .
Since the threats were bullshit from the get go , the reasonable solution for this ransomware infection was a simple factory reset once the battery died and that 's what the victim did to restore their smartphone successfully . However , in some cases ; it is nearly impossible to get rid of the ransomware infection . For this , cybersecurity giants and Europol launched a ‘ No More Ransom ' Anti-Ransomware Portal which has already decrypted over 2,500 ransomware victims and saved 1.3 Mil Euros from cyber criminals .
[ fullsquaread ] [ /fullsquaread ]
More : Police Department held to ransom by hackers ; crucial digital evidence lost
Also , the Samsung Galaxy S7 ransomware scam was previously seen on an iPhone 5 back in 2015 , when a victim had their device locked with a similar message as on the Galaxy S7 device . The only difference was the iPhone 5 user was watching porn on YouPorn while the Samsung user was talking with their pals on Facebook messenger .
DDoS attacks are increasing , calculate the cost and probability of a DDoS attack on your business with this DDoS Downtime Cost Calculator .
Share this article :
Federal prosecutors announced Monday they will retry a Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy — who was cleared last week of two related counts — on a remaining charge of lying to the FBI .
Byron Dredd was acquitted by a Los Angeles jury last week of filing phony reports to cover up of the beating of a handcuffed jail visitor . The jury deadlocked 10-2 for acquittal on the false statements count .
Prosecutors said they would retry Dredd on the outstanding charge — which carries a five-year maximum prison sentence — with the retrial scheduled to begin on Oct. 26 .
Dredd , 34 , is the sixth sheriff 's official to be prosecuted for the assault on Gabriel Carrillo and its aftermath . Three others were previously convicted by a jury and two ex-lawmen struck deals with prosecutors .
Dredd was charged in a three-count indictment alleging conspiracy to violate Carrillo 's civil rights and two counts of making false reports . Although he was not involved in the beating of Carrillo , prosecutors argued that he helped his co-defendants fabricate reports and that he subsequently lied to the FBI during an interview in July 2012 .
Dredd — who is on paid leave from the department — testified in his own defense that his incident report was revised by his boss , but insisted he did not lie to the FBI about what transpired with Carrillo .
The assault victim and the two ex-deputies who signed plea agreements testified against Dredd .
Like his co-defendants , Dredd was assigned to the visiting center at the downtown jail . On Feb. 26 , 2011 , Carrillo and his girlfriend went to the jail to visit his incarcerated brother . Both visitors had cell phones in their possession , which is prohibited under jail rules .
When the phones were discovered , Carrillo was handcuffed and brought into an employee break room , where he was beaten and sprayed with a burning agent similar to pepper spray , evidence at a previous trial showed .
—City News Service
Lying to FBI ? Prosecutors to retry LASD deputy on false statements charge was last modified : by
> > Want to read more stories like this ? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here !
Follow us :
Magdalo Rep. Gary Alejano on Tuesday said President Rodrigo Duterte 's allies in the House of Representatives used as a “ bargaining chip ” the impeachment threat against Vice President Leni Robredo to convince their colleagues not to support the impeachment complaint that he had filed against the Chief Executive .
In an INQ & A interview , Alejano alleged that members of the so-called supermajority in the lower chamber could have negotiated with Robredo 's allies and possibly offered not to pursue the impeachment threat against the Vice President in exchange of not backing his complaint against Duterte .
ADVERTISEMENT
READ : House committee kills impeach rap vs Duterte
“ Ang nakikita ko dito , ginamit nilang bargaining chips itong possible impeachment complaint against the Vice President and even the Ombudsman para ‘ yung mga supporters and allies of the Vice President ay hindi po magsusuporta sa impeachment complaint against the President . Parang nagkaroon ng , huwag kayong magsusupport diyan , hindi rin kami magfa-file ng impeachment complaint . Parang nagkaroon na ng palit-ulo ba , ” Alejano said .
The House justice committee on Monday declared the impeachment complaint sufficient in form but insufficient in substance , with most members noting that Alejano did not have “ personal knowledge ” of the accusations against Duterte . Alejano has accused the President of high crimes , including alleged hidden wealth , ordering police to kill criminals , and mishandling of the South China Sea case .
Lawmakers from Robredo 's Liberal Party earlier vowed not to support any impeachment complaint against the two highest officials of the land .
READ : Palace welcomes LP stance against impeachment bid
Alejano said the junking of his impeachment complaint was aimed to send a message to lawmakers that those who opposed the President and his policies would face backlash , adding that some of his colleagues feared for the wellbeing of their constituents .
“ Kung sino ang nagsasalita in the open against the policies of the President , talagang ginagantihan at binabalikan , lalong lalo na kapag meron silang distritong inaalagaan , they do n't want their constituents to suffer for their stand against the President , ” Alejano said .
“ Merong nag-signify dati na pipirma , meron ding nagsabi na kailangang magconsult before supporting the impeachment complaint sa kanilang consitutents at mga partido . I understand that the fear that is created by the war on drugs is real , ” he added .
Alejano went on : “ This is a message to the politicians that if you go against the policies of the President , this is what will precisely happen to you . Naiintindihan ko po , nakakabahala lang . Kung patuloy ang atmosphere na hindi , I do n't know kung may Kongreso pa tayo sa susunod na taon o kung may eleksyon pa , dahil nawawalan na tayo ng depense para sa demokrasya . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The complaint would have been subjected to a plenary vote had the committee found it sufficient in substance . A one-third vote of the 292-member House is needed to automatically send the complaint to the Senate for trial .
Malacañang has welcomed the dismissal of the complaint , calling the allegations “ rehashed , trumped-up charges aimed at undermining the duly constituted government. ” JE
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Iraq has apparently had enough of the controversial Xe Services LLC , the private military contractor previously known as Blackwater .
The Voice of Iraq reports , “ A total of 250 employees working for the U.S. security firm Blackwater have been dismissed and given seven days to leave Iraq , the Iraqi minister of interior said on Wednesday , according to the semi-official al-Iraqiya TV . ”
“ Iraq has ordered about 250 former and current employees of Blackwater Worldwide to leave the country within seven days or face having their visas pulled , ” the Associated Press reports in a breaking story .
The AP adds , “ Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani said on Wednesday the order targets security contractors who worked for Blackwater at the time of the shootout . He said all ‘ concerned parties ' were notified of the order three days ago . ”
“ We want to turn the page , ” al-Bolani told AP . “ It was a painful experience , and we would like to go forward . ”
US Vice President Joe Biden announced during a visit to Baghdad in January that Washington will appeal a judge 's decision to clear five US security guards accused of killing 14 unarmed Iraqis in 2007 while working for Blackwater .
The five guards , who had been part of a convoy of armoured vehicles , had been charged with killing 14 unarmed Iraqi civilians and wounding 18 others during the attack at a busy Baghdad square using guns and grenades .
Iraq says 17 people were killed .
But , on December 31 , US Federal Judge Ricardo Urbina dismissed the charges against the five guards , saying prosecutors violated their rights by using incriminating statements they had made under immunity during a US State Department probe .
The verdict provoked a furor in Iraq .
“ The United States does not tolerate attacks on innocent Iraqi civilians , ” State Department spokesman PJ Crowley told reporters in January .
“ Whatever the case 's ultimate outcome , we deeply regret the suffering and loss of life caused by the Nisour Square shootings , ” he said .
“ And we are fully committed to holding accountable persons who commit such crimes , whether at home or abroad , ” Crowley said .
The case was among the most sensational that sought to hold Blackwater employees accountable for what was seen as a culture of lawlessness and lack of accountability in the company 's Iraq operations .
Blackwater , which has since renamed itself Xe , pulled out of Iraq in May , after the US State Department refused to renew its contracts .
DEVELOPING…
( with AFP reports )
It is estimated between a quarter and half of the world 's population has seen a James Bond film . That number will likely rise even higher when Spectre – the 24th film in the franchise – is released globally on 6 November .
But of the 15 real secret agents that allegedly provided the basis for Ian Fleming 's super suave spy – few know about Sir William Samuel Stephenson , whose hand-to-hand combat skills , save-the-world heroics , magnetic personality and predilection for martinis remarkably mirror those of 007 . In fact , Stephenson is n't even recognised in his hometown : Winnipeg , Canada .
Of the 15 secret agents that provided the basis for James Bond – few know about Sir William Samuel Stephenson
“ In all my years in this job you 're only the second person who asked about Stephenson , ” said Don Finkbeiner , owner of Heartland Tours . “ His story even catches most Winnipeggers off guard even though many of them drive past his statue every day . ”
To become an ultimate spymaster , marry an American heiress ?
A WWI fighter pilot and lightweight boxing champion in the forces , Stephenson relocated to the UK after the war ended in 1918 . There , he married an American tobacco heiress and used her connections to reinvent himself as the ultimate spymaster during WWII , becoming a close confidant to both Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt and playing a key role in the establishment of the CIA . He also founded Camp X , a commando-training base near Toronto where Fleming and hundreds of other Allied operatives learned their craft during the war .
His story is incredible . It 's almost too good to be true .
“ I myself only learned about Stephenson 10 years ago and now I incorporate a visit to his statue on all my tours , ” Finkbeiner said , walking me past the large bronze statue of the pilot that stands in front of the Manitoba Legislative Building . ( An identical statue is at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia . ) “ I tell people : you 're about to meet the most important Winnipegger of all time and probably the most important Canadian period . His story is incredible . It 's almost too good to be true . ”
Stephenson was raised in the neighbourhood of Point Douglas in a humble two-story wooden house . He lived there and attended the Argyle Alternative High School until he enlisted in the army at the age of 16 . A mural on the school 's wall incorporates the spy 's likeness – but other than that , there 's little evidence that Stephenson grew up there . Either the neighbourhood forgot , or like any good spy , Stephenson wanted to be forgotten .
Either the neighbourhood forgot , or like any good spy , Stephenson wanted to be forgotten .
A more descriptive mural in Winnipeg 's West End paints a better picture of Stephenson 's achievements . Most notably , it includes an image of the Wehrmacht Enigma , the seemingly unbreakable Nazi code machine that Stephenson helped break .
“ Stephenson was a tech guru and wildly successful in business , ” Finkbeiner said . “ He patented a way of sending photographs through wireless telegraph . He also got into the steel industry , the automobile industry , aviation – he helped develop the Spitfire – and was one of the first directors [ of public relations ] for the BBC . ”
Stephenson is also credited with providing intel for the 1943 sabotage of the Vemork Hydroelectric Plant in Nazi-occupied Norway . Known as Operation Gunnerside , the mission prevented Nazi scientists from getting their hands on the heavy water needed to produce a hydrogen bomb that otherwise may have altered the outcome of WWII . The operation is recognised as the Allies ' most successful act of sabotage during the war .
“ As an individual , Stephenson ranks next to Churchill and Roosevelt in his persistent efforts to defeat the Germans , ” said Gary Solar , secretary of The Intrepid Society , a group dedicated to maintaining the memory and raising the profile of Winnipeg 's most intrepid son . “ There are so many things he did to reduce the length of the war and loss of human life . ”
To help memorialize Stephenson 's good work , Solar and society president Kristin Stefansson worked to rename Winnipeg 's Water Avenue as William Stephenson Way in 2009 . Solar and Stefansson are also both descendants of the man whose code name was Intrepid – yet neither of them , Solar joked , were mentioned in his will .
Where Bond is fictional , Stephenson is a real , true spy
Stefansson and Solar drove me to the McGregor Armory where Stephenson joined the 101st Battalion of the Winnipeg Light Infantry in 1914 . His regimental number ? 700758 . No evidence exists to show Fleming made the connection when he concocted Bond 's iconic 007 designation , yet the similarity is intriguing . The same can be said of the plot of Goldfinger , Fleming 's seventh Bond novel , published in 1959 . The evil mastermind 's fictional raid of Fort Knox is analogous to Stephenson 's unrealised plot to steal nearly $ 3 billion of Vichy gold reserves from the French colony of Martinique .
Next we headed to the Billy Bishop Building at Winnipeg 's 17 Wing air base to see a permanent exhibition of more than 300 Stephenson artefacts curated by The Intrepid Society . It includes letters from J Edgar Hoover and Ronald Reagan , an oil painting of the man called Intrepid , and medals Stephenson was awarded by the US , the British , French and Canadian Governments . The guards refused my entry into the base after I identified myself as a journalist , but civilians are granted access anytime between 9am and 5pm on weekdays .
James Bond is a highly romanticised version of a true spy , Fleming wrote . The real thing ... is William Stephenson .
The Sir William Stephenson Library in North Winnipeg has a smaller number of Intrepid artefacts enclosed in a glass cabinet . Alongside a model of a Sopwith Camel biplane , which Stephenson used to down 12 WWI enemy aircraft ( including that of Lothar von Richthofen , the younger brother of the Red Baron ) , there are half a dozen biographies on Stephenson .
Solar removed one of the books , Room 3603 by H Montgomery Hyde and pointed to the preface , written by Fleming himself . In it , are two very telling statements .
The first : Fleming describes how Stephenson “ used to make the most powerful martinis in America and serve them in quart glasses ” , providing insight into how the author came up with the idea for Bond 's iconic tipple .
The second , at the end of the preface , is the clincher – proof that Stephenson , who died in Bermuda in 1989 , was integral to the creation of the fictional secret agent at the centre of the most enduring movie franchise in history .
“ James Bond is a highly romanticised version of a true spy , ” Fleming wrote . “ The real thing ... is William Stephenson . ”
Westdale Mall announced it signed its first new anchor store under a new redesign plan .
A map showing the proposed site plan of the new Westdale Mall area .
Burlington Coat Factory will open a 40,000 square foot store at the new outdoor mall site , with fellow anchor stores of JC Penney and Younkers . It will be the third Burlington Coat Factory store in the state .
Plans filed with the Cedar Rapids city council show Burlington going into a yet-to-be-built building alongside the current Younkers building .
The existing anchor stores of JC Penney , Younkers and still vacant former Von Maur space are the lone pieces still standing from the original Westdale Mall . The rest was torn down as part of a plan to revitalize the struggling mall space . Westdale will now feature stand-alone anchor stores with other retail , office and living space with exterior entrances .
“ Burlington is the first of the new anchor stores and is an important validation of the redevelopment of Westdale , '' said Westdale Executive Vice President Todd Nelson .
Westdale says the addition of Burlington will allow it to accelerate deals with several additional retailers , including a new-to-the-market `` junior anchor '' store .
“ We have initial space for approximately 10 to 15 specialty retailers , and our focus now becomes moving those deals to completion , which will further strengthen the development as a shopping destination , '' said Lisa Rowe , Westdale General Manager .
On 6 December , Donald Trump officially recognised Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . “ It has been the capital of the Israeli people since ancient times , ” said the President . “ It 's undeniable , it 's just a fact. ” Christians in Bethlehem responded to the news by burning photos of the American president . They held signs saying : “ Jerusalem , Palestine 's heart , is not up to negotiations . ”
This may come as a surprise to many in the West . We probably assume that Palestine 's Christians prefer the democratic Israelis to their Islamist-heavy countrymen . Sadly , that 's not the case .
In 2003 , Israel began enclosing Bethlehem behind a 23-foot concrete wall . Its purpose was to keep suicide bombers from crossing out of the West Bank and into Israel during the Intifada . But even after the worst unrest settled , the wall kept growing . And Christians living in the town , who have never taken up arms against Israel , are suffering for it .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ministry of Defence footage shows the attack by UK and coalition forces on the palace built for Saddam Hussein in Mosul .
A palace built by Saddam Hussein which was being used as a training centre for the Islamic State militant group has been bombed by UK and coalition forces .
The Ministry of Defence said the former dictator 's complex in Mosul , north Iraq , was a `` major '' IS HQ and training centre for foreign recruits .
RAF Tornados used guided bombs in what Defence Secretary Michael Fallon called `` emphatic '' airstrikes on Monday .
Mosul , Iraq 's second city , has been under IS control since June 2014 .
The UK is part of a US-led international coalition conducting airstrikes on IS targets in Syria and Iraq .
Special report : Islamic State conflict
Islamic State crisis in seven charts
The Ministry of Defence has released details of a series of operations over the past week - including the bombing of a `` safe house '' for foreign fighters in Iraq , and IS `` terrorist strong points '' close to Syria 's border with Turkey .
Two Tornado jets dropped the largest guided bombs they use , the Enhanced Paveway III , on Saddam 's palace , a statement said .
'Successful mission '
`` Extensive surveillance '' of the complex , located next to the river Tigris , found the main palace building was being used as accommodation and a meeting venue for foreign IS recruits , while outbuildings were used for training , internal security and `` repression '' , the MoD said .
Seven nations were involved in the attack on the complex on Monday afternoon , with initial indications suggesting the mission was successful , it added .
Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein , who was killed in 2006 , had 50 luxury mansions built across Iraq during his 24 years in power .
The palace in Mosul , which featured man-made waterfalls and underground bunkers , was used by the US Army as a personnel base during the Iraq War .
Image copyright RAF Image caption The complex in north Iraq was used as a training centre for foreign IS recruits , the MoD said
Details of the latest air strikes against IS , also known as Daesh , were given as the defence secretary visited the crews involved , who are based at RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus .
Mr Fallon said : `` Daesh has been losing followers and territory for months , and emphatic strikes like this show that we and the coalition will not waver .
`` Daesh fighters , both foreign and home-grown , can see that they are targets inside this cult . ''
UK MPs approved UK air strikes in Iraq against IS in September 2014 .
Mr Fallon said at the time that the parliamentary vote followed a request for help from the UN by the Iraqi government .
In December 2015 , the UK also launched air strikes targeting IS in Syria after MPs voted for action .
China 's `` economic miracle '' over the past 35 years has been the envy of many other emerging market countries ; indeed , of some advanced countries too . Yet in just over a period of a few weeks , global economic officials are deeply concerned about the policy deftness of China 's leaders and the growth prospects of the world 's second largest economy . With many countries still trying to rebound from the recent financial crisis , this could n't come at a worse time .
So it is little surprise that headlines focus on the contagion from the confluence of China 's continuing trend of a decline in officially reported economic growth , recent crashes in the country 's stock exchanges , the sudden devaluation of the yuan , and significant successive easing of monetary policy by the Peoples Bank of China in an attempt to inject liquidity into a moribund banking system . It is the international effects of China 's `` perfect storm '' that is keeping policymakers and investors in New York , Frankfurt , London , Tokyo and Washington up at night -- -big time .
As important as the concerns are—and to be sure they are fundamentally worrisome—they may well be a side-show . The real threat for China—and therefore the world—are the impacts these events are having , and will continue to have , within China itself . There is a palpable and deepening erosion among the Chinese population in Beijing 's credibility in economic stewardship .
And worse still , this domestic `` crisis of confidence '' is not new—a surprise to even the most vigilant China watchers . It is rooted in long-standing policy contradictions fundamental to China 's “ socialist market economy ” development model ( the topic I wrote about last month ) , which for decades have become increasingly and painfully apparent to the citizenry . It is only now that the rest of the world is tuning in and beginning to see the soft underbelly of China 's economic prowess .
Unless China 's leadership takes decisive steps now to address these contradictions head-on , the loss in their credibility will only intensify and could significantly undermine domestic social and political stability , let alone the country 's economic fortunes . It is this turn of events that gives China 's government and Communist Party leaders insomnia .
At the heart of the Chinese public 's erosion in the leadership 's credibility is the lack of accurate information about the economy , especially at the most basic level .
In part , this is due to the fact that in China prices and costs are not really commercially-determined . Nor are the prices charged and the costs expended fully transparent . And because of the enormous scale , geographic breadth , and the level of development of the country as a whole , the collection of sound economic data at the market level—where they matter most -- is close to an insurmountable task .
But even more important is that , by the Party 's design , no one , likely even at the upper reaches of the State Council , really has a birds-eye and consistent view of what is actually going on within the fabric of China 's economy . Information—one of the most coveted commodities in a society like China -- is often stove-piped or sometimes only partially disclosed . Among emerging market countries in ( various stages of ) transition from a command-and-control economy to one where there is a heavier reliance on market incentives , this is not unusual . In this regard , Russia , for example , is a case in point .
This is especially the case within the government , including across ministries at the Central level . But even if it was n't , the same incentives at Provincial- , Municipal- and Township-level governments impact the completeness and accuracy of the data those entities in turn pass on to Beijing . China 's government and the Party are like a firm organized as a partnership : with only a bit of exaggeration `` everyone is in control and no one is in control . ''
In this setting , no nation 's economic policy puzzle can be fully put together , and when pieces of the puzzle—sometimes crucial ones -- are missing , intelligent policy-making is necessarily elusive .
While there are many areas of economic management by Beijing that over numerous years have eaten away at the population 's confidence in the government and the Party , here is perhaps the most striking one .
It is almost universally taken as a given , both inside and outside of China , that much ( though not all ) of China 's macroeconomic performance since 1978—the advent of the country 's modern reform era—has been very strong , perhaps at times , even exceptional . Having worked extensively on-the-ground throughout the country for decades , as well as in many other emerging markets with which meaningful comparisons might be made , this is probably not implausible . That is , if one looks at changes in physical levels of economic activity ; for example , the number of cargo containers leaving ports , volume of soybeans produced , kilometers of rail lines in use , and so on .
But as a professional matter , there has been a lot of doubt . Why ? Because the only meaningful measures of a country 's economic performance , such as the traditional `` gross domestic product '' ( GDP ) -- and there are many others , some of which may be superior to GDP -- are based on value-based metrics of economic activity . In other words , measures that take into account not just physical changes but also the prices of goods and services bought and sold ; wages paid to workers ; the costs of raw materials ; fees paid for electricity service ; etc . This is the widely accepted practice the world over . After all , one cargo container being shipped out of the port of Qingdao filled with unfinished steel does not reflect the same level or composition of financial , technical , material , and human resources utilized in China as a cargo container leaving Qingdao filled with iPhones .
Although official Chinese statistical methodologies have begun to improve in recent years , especially since 2008 , the fact is that it is difficult to meaningfully capture economic value when the underlying data plugged into the models are flawed from the start .
To wit , for years Beijing 's official pronouncements on the GDP growth of the country and other gauges of economic activity have stretched the credulity of the Chinese public ( as well as some outsiders ) . Indeed the government 's economic forecasts have been uncannily accurate—almost to the second decimal point . Worse still , Beijing makes frequent revisions to earlier reported data so comparisons across time can not be rendered consistent . ( I speak from personal experience here . )
Against this backdrop , is it really a surprise , then , that Li Keqiang , the current Premier , a few years ago privately told the U.S . Ambassador to China that the country 's GDP data are “ man-made and therefore unreliable ” ?
Ironically should current rumors prove true that Premier Li will become a sacrificial lamb for China 's current economic woes , Beijing may be losing one of the few who actually has some degree of credibility .
Artis Frank settled on Tuesday on the DART Green Line rail car , ear buds dangling from underneath his knit cap , backpack nestled at his side . The 59-year-old South Dallas resident was on the third leg of his four-part trek home from work . His commute : bus , commuter rail , light rail , another bus .
Frank has worked in marketing and sales and wants better , steady work . But without a car , he 's limited to jobs he can find along DART train and bus lines that run through 13 sprawling cities . That means the better-paying jobs he sees in cities like Arlington and Mesquite are out .
His daily commute — two hours each way — has n't been going on long . He recently started working at Northgate United Methodist Church in central Irving , helping in the childcare center and doing whatever other jobs may be needed .
A car could provide faster access to a better job , but loan payments , maintenance and insurance would eat away at salary gains . So it makes more financial sense to Frank to live near a DART bus line and find work close to public transit .
“ It 's cheaper to do this right here than to have some raggedy old car , ” he said .
mobil.map
That 's how life goes along the poverty line in car-centric cities like Dallas , whose 20th-century growth birthed highways that became developmental skeletons for suburbs where the middle class have fled for decades . Left behind is an urban core with housing and socioeconomic problems — and infrastructure built for cars that many poor people ca n't afford .
City officials and outside experts say that Dallas — about to embark on a sweeping plan to improve neighborhoods — needs to consider more transportation options for the poor .
Dallas officials last month released a report that sounded the alarm on the city 's crisis-level poverty , declining number of middle-income residents and housing stock that is out of line with what people can afford . That study found that 1 in 5 Dallas families in 2012 lived below the poverty line , which at the time was an annual income of $ 23,050 for a family of four .
“ I knew it was n't great , but I did n't realize it was that bad , ” said John Rossant , founder of the New Cities Foundation , a Paris-based group whose annual international summit on “ the future of the urban world ” was held in Dallas last year .
City Hall report
City Hall 's report , called Neighborhood Plus , was the tiniest of first steps in the ambitious plan to stem the poverty that is linked with property values , education , health care , crime , social mobility and other quality-of-life issues .
It calls for implementing a $ 10.25-an-hour minimum wage , partnering with private companies and nonprofit organizations and empowering individual neighborhoods to identify their own biggest barriers to climbing out of poverty .
Rossant and other experts , who reviewed the report for The Dallas Morning News , hail the efforts . But they — along with residents and top city officials — say that planners are going to have to offer people more than roads for getting to and from work , school , medical appointments and grocery stores .
“ It 's about really wanting to begin the process of looking at things differently , ” said City Manager A.C. Gonzalez , who says the initiative will dramatically overhaul how City Hall operates . “ It 's as much a change of our culture as it is about problem-solving and design . ”
Some of the potential solutions are aligned with the urban planning philosophies that have prompted scores of Dallasites to oppose theTrinity Parkway toll road and support the tear down of Interstate 345 .
Nobody wanted to work or live near elevated highways 40 years ago and they still do n't today , ” said Matt Tranchin , executive director ofCoalition for a New Dallas , a political action committee advocating for I-345 's removal .
Just do n't expect Gonzalez to jump on the bandwagons circling either of those projects , which have become highly politicized in the Mayelections that will seat Gonzalez 's 15 bosses at the City Council horseshoe .
“ I do n't want to get bogged down on any one particular project , ” Gonzalez said .
‘ Cash car '
It 's that time of year when income tax returns start hitting mailboxes . Meagan Gaddis plans to use hers to buy a car . She 's been looking for a “ cash car ” that 's dependable enough to get her around the city .
DARTtoDFWmap
The DART train ride from east Oak Cliff to a minimum-wage job she recently held at a downtown drug store was n't so bad — about 10 minutes . But when she had to take her three kids to a relative 's house , she had to use a combination of buses and trains to drop them off and get to work .
That could take another 90 minutes — and more on weekends if she steps off a train to find that a connecting bus has just left .
“ And then I have to wait a whole other hour for the bus to come , ” she said . “ It 's really bad . ”
Gaddis ' car is n't about getting around quicker in the life she has , though . It 's about improving her job prospects . She plans to enroll at Remington College in Garland so she can be a medical assistant . Using public transit to juggle education , child care and work would be too cumbersome .
“ It would take me like two-and-a-half hours to come back , and then I 'd have to go to work , ” she said .
Pedestrian-friendly
Benjamin Ross , who wrote Dead End : Suburban Sprawl and the Rebirth of American Urbanism , said that the need for a car makes it harder to climb out of poverty . Vehicle maintenance and upkeep can sometimes match living expenses .
“ If there are jobs in the city — if you can just make them more accessible to people , you can make the city more livable and more affordable , ” said Ross , who is also an environmental consultant and public transit advocate .
According to a recent University of Minnesota study , Dallas-Fort Worth ranks fifth among American metropolitan regions for total employment . But the area ranked 20th for the number of jobs accessible within 10 minutes of public transit . Overall , Dallas-Fort Worth ranked 16th for the number of jobs accessible by transit within at least an hour .
But experts , residents and officials agree that a more robust and efficient transit system is n't the only answer . Denser infill developments are , too , they say . Mixed-income housing within close proximity to job centers , schools and stores could eliminate the need for dependence on not only cars but also transit .
“ Walking is probably the most energy efficient way of getting around and doing stuff , ” said Gonzalez , the city manager .
Making an entire city more pedestrian-friendly in a city built for cars , however , will be a massive and expensive undertaking . Dallas officials likely would have to overhaul zoning ordinances , entice private developers to build developments that particular neighborhoods want and put more thought into sidewalk connectivity in a city already behind on road upkeep .
“ These programs do n't come cheap , ” said Rossant , the New Cities founder .
DART officials are already in the middle of looking at a possible overhaul to its bus service . The agency is currently reviewing large amounts of data that detail who rides the routes , when , where they come from and where they go .
President and executive director Gary Thomas said agency officials do n't want to leave areas with minimal service , but also do n't want people forced to wait at stops for long periods of time as they try to get to work or run errands .
“ That 's the balance you have – where do you put your resources ? ” Thomas said . “ Do you try and cover as much space and as much land as you possibly can or do you try to maximize those routes you know that are heavily traveled ? ”
Giving options
Dallas has n't gotten to the cost of needs or funding for Neighborhoods Plus . Gonzalez wants to first put together partnerships among City Hall , DART , private companies , charitable groups and individual neighborhoods . It 's going to be a long process , he warns , and the push has only just begun .
“ This is not something that you snap some fingers and all of a sudden it 's different , ” Gonzalez said .
Gonzalez said one neighborhood may want better access to health care , while another decides that healthier food options need to be within reach . Still another could have problems with crime , vacant lots and illegal dumping .
Rossant commended Gonzalez and the city for “ coming to grips ” with the issues facing its residents . He said the only way such a plan will work is if everything is attacked holistically .
“ Clearly they 're asking all the right questions , ” Rossant said .
When it comes to connectivity , Gonzalez said the goal is n't to put one mode of transportation over another . It 's about giving residents mobility options .
“ Cars are wonderful , but they 're very expensive in terms of their impact on the environment and the cost that it takes to maintain them and to keep them up , ” Gonzalez said . “ But they 're wonderfully convenient . ”
The tradeoffs
On Tuesday , Frank rode DART 's Green Line quietly as a woman talked loudly on her phone and a young man in khakis chatted up a young woman who had been sitting alone .
Frank had caught a bus at 7:30 a.m. to make it to the MLK Jr. Station to catch the Green Line . He transferred to the TRE at Victory Park Station and rode the commuter train to West Irving Station . From there , it was another bus up to Northgate in central Irving .
Sometimes he waits 20 minutes to make connections in order to be to the church job by 9:30 a.m. During Thursday 's snow , however , there was an even longer wait to get home .
Frank 's route to work was n't interrupted by DART 's closure of outlying stations for weather-related reasons . But when he got to the church , the building was closed . A pastor had an emergency and the building superintendent was n't there .
So after two hours traveling to Irving , Frank waited an hour for the next bus to begin his two-hour journey back home .
“ I missed out on making money today , ” he said .
Follow Brandon Formby on Twitter at @ brandonformby .
mobil.graphic
Well , the Grim Judgment ( A Grim Trilogy # 2 ) book release party was FANTASTIC ! People showed up and got to indulge on a free taco bar before the night kicked off with a murder mystery party . The first three people to give me the correct killer and how the victim was killed received a free autographed copy of Grim Judgment ! Everyone that participated did a fantastic job , and I owe an extra huge thank you to those that played the parts of my book 's characters . ❤
So , what 's next , you may ask ? Well , here 's a Grim update !
-writing Grim Resentment ( A Grim Trilogy 2.5 ) short story
-writing Grim Vengeance ( A Grim Trilogy # 3 )
-getting Grim Judgment converted to Kindle and up on Amazon for sale prior to its release date in August 2017
-continue to play test Criminal Ambition : A Grim RPG as the developers add to it
-follow up on the status of the Grim graphic novel
-teaching the people who will play my characters at the final release party certain songs for their epic performances
-getting both cover designs ( standard and collector 's edition ) for Grim Vengeance
-work with other artists to begin to build the Grim merch store
-attend upcoming conventions to sell Grim
-make new art into second trading card packs
-complete and release secret Grim book
-continue to advertise
-record all parts of Grim Ambition for the Audible version
-search for new ways to get Grim out there !
Not gon na lie , it 's a lot of work still , but I 'm loving every moment of it !
If you would like an autographed copy of Grim Judgment prior to the release date , contact me on Twitter or message the Grim page on Facebook and I can send you one with free shipping ( to the US , anywhere else shipping costs do apply ) ! Otherwise it will be available on Amazon soon … but when purchased from there it will not be signed !
Advertisements
Kickboxing bout ended with a first round spinning kick knockout
There are different views on the origin of kickboxing and the rules vary accordingly . There is some confusion about it , as rules depend upon the classification applied in kickboxing . It divides all kickboxers into the groups . All start with J or N class and then advance to A-class .
It is important to divide fighters depending upon their level . Different classes are needed to serve as apprenticeship before the fighters reach the level of A-class fighter .
In this fight , we see C-class fighters John Braasch and Kasim Ayik . C-class is referred to the way the participants perform at the competition and the rules are determined for them . But still there are no universal rules and they differ from one country to another . The organizer of the event can also introduce its changes .
The bout John Braasch vs Kasim Ayik did not last long . The opponents were able to exchange a couple of blows to set the distance and then , quite unexpectedly , the culmination followed . One skillful kick became decisive for the bout .
It is always very exciting to observe what happens on the ring . It can be thrilling as there can always be surprises in a bout because one thing is to put on a pair of gloves and win the opponent and quite different – just to know the theory . Powerful performance has nothing to do with strength and throwing right punches and kicks here and there . You should be a good thinker too . You should be able to prevent attack in advance .
Good kickboxer should be able not to fight only but to avoid attacks as well . John Braasch was not lucky today or was just unable to withstand the blows of the experienced fighter . Kasim Ayik won by beautiful kick knockout . His opponent lost consciousness after the spinning kick that hit the target and was strong enough . Though we see how the defeated opponent came to himself he did not look as if he understood what was happening around .
Buy Photo Eminem performing in September 1997 at the Palladium club in Roseville . ( Photo : J. Kyle Keener , Detroit Free Press ) Buy Photo
Before the global fame and Grammys , before the hundreds of millions in sales , Eminem was another struggling rapper trying to make headway in Detroit .
In 1996 — one year after the period covered in the semi-biographical film “ 8 Mile ” — he headed into a Detroit studio for the first time . The music from those sessions has been little heard by the wider public .
But now you can preview the track “ Infinite , ” newly reworked in a familiar Eminem style by the producers behind hits like “ Lose Yourself ” and “ Without Me , ” in this exclusive Freep First Spin premiere .
The full song will be released Friday , one of several remixes in the pipeline to mark the 20th anniversary of Eminem 's inaugural album , “ Infinite. ” Just 500 copies were pressed in 1996 , desperately handed out in Detroit parking lots and record stores , and this new project marks the first official reissuing of that material by its owner , Web Entertainment .
Eminem , of course , went on to become one of the most acclaimed names in hip-hop history . But in the mid- ‘ 90s , Marshall Mathers was just an unknown voice teeming with promise as he linked up with Mark and Jeff Bass — the Bass Brothers — who signed him to a long-term production deal .
That relationship stayed in place when Dr. Dre gave Em a big-label contract and introduced him to the world with 1999 's “ The Slim Shady LP. ” For the next decade , the Bass Brothers continued to co-produce the bulk of Eminem 's music , sharing awards that included a 2003 Oscar for “ Lose Yourself . ”
For the original “ Infinite ” album , the Basses had assigned the hands-on work to co-producers to Mike ( Slim ) Wilder and Denaun Porter , who would go on to make his name as part of Eminem 's D12 crew . For this 2016 face-lift , samples have been stripped out and replaced with live guitars , bass , keyboards and drums — the signature Bass Brothers sound that marked albums like “ Slim Shady ” and “ The Marshall Mathers LP . ”
“ We thought : How would ‘ Infinite ' sound if we approached it the way we went on to approach his later music ? ” says Jeff Bass . “ Twenty years ago , it would have been a different record if I 'd played the instruments . The real Eminem fans appreciate the ( Bass Brothers ) sound , and this is what it would have sounded like if we 'd been producing the record . ”
The vocals have been left untouched .
“ Eminem was so far ahead of his time , even back then , ” says Jeff Bass . “ I listen to the lyrics on ‘ Infinite , ' the songs he was coming up with , and he really was special . I think he knew that was some of his best work , especially where he was at in life . At that point , he had experienced only a lot of negative growing up . ( Recording the album ) was the one positive thing in life — this idea that his talent could convince people there was something more to him . I think it was the beginning of ‘ I really could do this . ' ”
Buy Photo Jeff , left , and Mark Bass at their Ferndale studio in 2004 . Eminem project ( Photo : Chip Somodevilla , Detroit Free Press )
Jeff Bass and his son Jake performed the instrumentation for the reworked “ Infinite , ” which was then mixed by Mark Bass with Wilder , the original 's co-producer .
“ It 's kind of like a polished raw track , if that makes sense , ” said Mark Bass . “ It 's pretty much the same record , but better sounding , newer sounding , with the audio quality of ( later ) Eminem stuff . ”
The album 's flop in 1996 spurred a reckoning for Eminem : After lying low for a few months , he emerged to tell the Bass team that he 'd overhauled his creative concept , complete with a devilish alter ego : Slim Shady .
For Wilder , that had personal resonance : He 'd long gone by “ Slim . ”
“ Marshall comes into the studio one day , ” Wilder recounts , “ and he jokingly tells me , ‘ Hey , I 'm stealing your name ! ' ”
But in the long run , no hard feelings .
“ He was like nobody I 'd ever heard before , ” Wilder said . Recording the “ Infinite ” album “ was nothing short of amazing for me , and I still feel that way about him . We 'd had act after act coming into the studio . Then Marshall comes along and it was , ‘ Wow . ' ”
Contact Brian McCollum : 313-223-4450 or bmccollum @ freepress.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2g2F0GP
Recently , me and a friend from University were invited to make a little course about Golang — Google 's language that 's skyrocketing to be a trend everywhere .
So , I remembered that a few months ago , I bought a course about it , but never touched it . That 's the right time , is n't it ?
As I proceeded through the theory and deep talk about some topics around the language , I was writing code on a file to be able to run it later ( my computer at the university could n't install Go because of admin rights ) . In this file , I wrote and commented almost everything on matters of syntax about Golang . Then , an interesting thought came into mind :
With a single file , good comments and a working code , I was able to document almost everything about the code writing itself .
It took me less than the full course I 've bought to start programming Go just by looking at my anotations — considering I 'm already used to software engineering .
Just one , good looking and well formatted file .
I realized that , to start coding in a new language ( considering you are already acquainted to it 's paradigms , like OOP for OOP languages ) , you do n't need to watch hours of someone teaching the language from scratch . You just need the syntax to understand the new flavour . And this is where the Shortest Tutorial Ever came into my mind .
The Shortest Tutorial Ever is a project on GitHub of creating the leanest and most direct tutorials for any technology — like I did with Go . Of course you will not be an expert just by seeing the syntax , but obviously that 's not the goal : the objective is to help anyone to be able to write code from the beginning of their learning curve .
The project is open on GitHub for everyone to contribute with their own shortest tutorials , so I invite everyone to do it . If the tech you want to write about is not on our ( wish ) list , please , fell free to add it .
My Golang file that made this come to my mind is currently under review by one of my colleagues — a huge fan of Go . As soon as we have it very refined , we will be able to link it into the list .
It 's your time now , developer . Let 's help our comrades to understand the pillars of any technology by doing it , by running code and seeing the results as soon as possible ; by applying what they already know .
Help us in the Shortest Tutorial Ever on GitHub
https : //github.com/felipextrindade/shortest-tutorial-ever
2017 CAMS Jayco Australian Formula 4 Champion-elect Nick Rowe has won today 's second race in treacherous conditions on the Gold Coast .
Without his championship secured , Rowe enjoyed a spirited drive to finish 7.6 seconds ahead of Team BRM 's Zane Morse .
However it was Simon Fallon who got the jump on Rowe and led much of the race , with times largely identical between the pair . However a brush with the wall in the final two laps caused major damage to the front corner of his Team BRM car . Teammate Cameron Shields had a similar impact barely a lap later .
“ I was really commiting as much as I could but I could n't catch Fallon . I think I closed the gap to about half a second… unfortunately for him he was having a good run and he accidentally hit the wall . I was just there to reap the rewards , I guess you 've got to finish winning , ” Rowe said .
“ Coming third in that first race was one of the best experiences of my life – even though coming third 's not that great but to get the championship was unbelievable . To be able to go out there and not think about it too much , just worry about what you 've got to do is a good feeling . ”
Zagame Autosport 's Ryan Suhle just edged ahead of Race One winner Liam Lawson for the final spot on the podium . Suhle 's teammate Tyler Everingham was a further few seconds behind the pair to round out the top five .
“ It was wild enough in the dry and the wet 's just made it a whole lot worse ! It 's still super fun and I 've enjoyed every lap I 've done this weekend , ” Suhle said .
AGI Sport 's Zakkary Best and JRD 's Jordan Mazzaroli had the closest finishing margin of the field , with 0.26 seconds separating the pair at the chequered flag .
The final race of the 2017 CAMS Jayco Australian Formula 4 Championship will take place at 10:40am on the Gold Coast , televised live on Fox Sports 506 .
Provisional Race Two Results
1 . Nick Rowe – AGI Sport
2 . Zane Morse – Team BRM : +7.6757
3 . Ryan Suhle – Zagame Autosport : +15.8237
4 . Liam Lawson – Team BRM : +17.2437
5 . Tyler Everingham – Zagame Autosport : +19.7646
6 . Zakkary Best – AGI Sport : +35.6902
7 . Jordan Mazzaroli – JRD : +35.9585
8 . Sage Murdoch – AGI Sport : +1:07.3322
DNF : Cameron Shields – Team BRM
DNF : Simon Fallon – Team BRM
DNF : Aaron Love – Team BRM
DNF : Luis Leeds – Zagame Autosport
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — A federal jury has rejected an argument that the use of the N-word among blacks can be a culturally acceptable term of love and endearment , ruling instead that its use in the workplace is hostile and discriminatory no matter what .
Jurors last week awarded $ 250,000 in compensatory damages to a worker at the black employment agency STRIVE East Harlem who was the target of an N-word-laced rant by her black boss .
The jury was set to return to a U.S. District Court in Manhattan Tuesday to decide on punitive damages .
The case against Rob Carmona and the employment agency he founded , STRIVE East Harlem , gave legal airing to what some see as a complex double standard surrounding the word – that it is a degrading slur when uttered by whites but can be used at times with impunity among blacks .
But Brandi Johnson , 38 , told jurors that being black did n't make it any less hurtful to be the target of what her attorney called Carmona 's “ four-minute n * * * * r tirade ” about inappropriate workplace attire and unprofessional behavior .
Johnson , who taped the March 2012 remarks after her complaints about his verbal abuse were disregarded , said she fled to the restroom and cried for 45 minutes .
“ I was offended . I was hurt . I felt degraded . I felt disrespected . I was embarrassed , ” Johnson testified .
In closing arguments , Johnson 's attorney Marjorie M. Sharpe said Carmona 's use of the word was intended to offend “ and any evidence that defendants put forth to the contrary is simply ridiculous . ”
“ When you use the word n * * * * r to an African-American , no matter how many alternative definitions that you may try to substitute with the word n * * * * r , that is no different than calling a Hispanic by the worst possible word you can call a Hispanic , calling a homosexual male the worst possible word that you can call a homosexual male , ” Sharpe told jurors .
But defense lawyers said the 61-year-old Carmona , a black man of Puerto Rican descent , had a much different experience with the word . Raised by a single mother in a New York City public housing project , he became addicted to heroin in his teens and broke it with the help of drug counselors who employed tough love and tough language .
Carmona went on to earn a master 's degree from Columbia University before co-founding STRIVE in the 1980s . Now , most of STRIVE 's employees are black women , defense attorney Diane Krebs told jurors in her opening statement .
“ And Mr. Carmona is himself black , as you yourselves can see , ” Krebs said .
In his testimony , Carmona defended his use of the word , saying he used it with Johnson to convey that she was “ too emotional , wrapped up in her , at least the negative aspects of human nature . ”
Then he explained that the word has “ multiple contexts ” in the black and Latino communities , sometimes indicating anger , sometimes love .
Carmona said he might put his arm around a longtime friend in the company of another and say : “ This is my n * * * * r for 30 years . ”
“ That means my boy , I love him , or whatever , ” he said .
He was asked if he meant to indicate love when he called Johnson the word .
“ Yes , I did , ” he responded .
The controversy is a blemish on STRIVE , which has been heralded for helping people with troubled backgrounds get into the workforce . Its employment model , which was described in a CBS ' “ 60 Minutes ” piece as “ part boot camp , part group therapy , ” claims to have helped nearly 50,000 people find work since 1984 .
Sharpe told jurors that STRIVE 's tough-love program can not excuse Carmona 's behavior .
“ Well , if calling a person a n * * * * r and subjecting them to a hostile work environment is part of STRIVE 's tough love , then STRIVE needs to be reminded that this type of behavior is illegal and can not be tolerated , ” she said .
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
( TM and © Copyright 2013 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2013 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
OKAVANGO DELTA , BOTSWANA — For the tallest animals on earth , giraffes can be awfully easy to overlook . Their ochered flagstone fur and arboreal proportions blend in seamlessly with the acacia trees on which they tirelessly forage , and they 're as quiet as trees , too : no whinnies , growls , trumpets or howls . “ Giraffes are basically mute , ” said Kerryn Carter , a zoologist at the University of Queensland in Australia . “ A snort is the only sound I 've heard . ”
Yet watch giraffes make their stately cortege across the open landscape and their grandeur is operatic , every dip and weave and pendulum swing an aria embodied .
To giraffe researchers , the paradox of this keystone African herbivore goes beyond questions of its camouflaging coat . Giraffes may be popular , they said — a staple of zoos , corporate logos and the plush toy industry — but until recently almost nobody studied giraffes in the field .
“ When I first became interested in giraffes in 2008 and started looking through the scientific literature , I was really surprised to see how little had been done , ” said Megan Strauss , who studies evolution and behavior at the University of Minnesota . “ It was amazing that something as well known as the giraffe could be so little studied . ”
Well , more of a trap than the actual game , really . That 's saying a lot , since the protagonist of Cross Days ( from 0verflow , developers of School Days and Summer Days ) is a male cross-dresser who gets himself into situations on both sides of the swinging arc , if you know what I mean .
No , this trap is more meta , and potentially more dangerous . Apparently a trojan/virus has been released alongside copies of Cross Days flowing through the Japanese P2P networks , disguised as a fake installer . When activated , the program gathers data from the computer and pretends to take a survey of players , including asking for personal information . Once it 's done , everything gets uploaded to a public website , alongside a screenshot of their desktop .
Once discovered , users can ask for their data to be deleted , but must first click a button acknowledging that they have illegally downloaded Cross Days . Better yet , the whole scheme is revealed in the fake installer 's terms of service agreement , something no one reads .
It seems that public shaming is now a weapon being wielded in the war against warez , though obviously the implications for identity theft and blackmail mark this particular stunt as somewhat dangerous in its own right . You can visit this page for some detail on the virus , as well as collected screenshots of the offending players ' desktops . View for yourself the daily activities of day traders , otaku , readers of ero fanfiction and normal people who tried to score themselves Cross Days for free .
Truly though , the real lesson of this escapade is to be very careful about what programs you try to open when picking up your software from shady places .
[ Thanks to Ko for the tip ! ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Digger charged over Afghan civilian deaths
Updated
The Defence Force says a third soldier has been formally charged in relation to civilian deaths in Afghanistan .
In September , the Director of Military Prosecutions said she intended to charge three soldiers over the deaths last year .
Two soldiers were charged at the time , but the third soldier could not be formally charged because he was travelling overseas .
The Defence Force says the soldier has returned to Australia and has been served with the charges .
It says all three soldiers are being provided with the best possible support during the legal process .
Six people , including four children and a suspected Taliban insurgent , were killed when the Australian commandos attacked a compound in Uruzgan province in February 2009 .
It is believed the men have been charged with various service offences , including manslaughter , dangerous conduct , failing to comply with a lawful general order and prejudicial conduct .
Earlier this year , the two soldiers initially charged strenuously denied the allegations .
Topics : defence-forces , defence-and-national-security , law-crime-and-justice , crime , unrest-conflict-and-war , australia , afghanistan
First posted
Substitute Matthew Sim scored four goals in just 20 second half minutes to help the Central Coast Mariners to a 5-0 drubbing of Palm Beach Sharks in the Westfield FFA Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday night .
Sim entered the fray on 72 minutes and scored with his first touch before going on to add three more before the end .
The Mariners , who led 1-0 at the break thanks to Isaka Cernak 's bullet volley , are now the first side through to the last four of the competition and will fancy their chances of going all the way .
Goals :
0-1 Cernak ( 28 ' ) – Glen Trifiro produced a clever through ball with the outside of his right foot , the ball spinning into the path of Cernak who let rip with powerful low drive into the far corner of the net .
0-2 Sim ( 72 ' ) – Substitute Sim had only been on the field for a matter of seconds when he was in the right spot at the right time . After Sharks ‘ keeper Shane Vitakangas fumbled Trifiro 's shot from distance , Sim had the simple task to tap the ball into the goal from close range .
0-3 Sim ( 75 ' ) – It was that same combination again just a few minutes later as Trifiro split the Sharks defence with a brilliant through-ball which Sim raced onto before slotting under Vitakangas from just inside the box .
0-4 Sim ( 90 ' ) – The substitute completed his hat-trick right at the death with another poacher 's goal , slamming home the loose ball from just a couple of metres out after Fitzgerald 's vicious drive was again dropped by the Sharks ' custodian .
0-5 Sim ( 92 ' ) – Sim saved the best for last , finishing off a mazy run through four defenders before cooling slotting it past Vitakangas to complete an historic night – the first player to score four goals in a Westfield FFA Cup match .
Opta Data key stats :
The Mariners clearly were n't about to underestimate their less-fancied opponents , taking the game to the Sharks from the opening whistle . They had a huge 70 percent of possession in the opening half and got off nine shots to the home side 's zero in the first 45 minutes . That dominance told after the break with the Sharks tiring late-on allowing the visitors to add a couple more goals .
Highlights reel
This time last year Trifiro was playing NSW NPL football . But after being given a chance by the Mariners he has shown he belongs at this level , as evidenced by his assist for the opening goal . Trifiro showed good awareness to turn in traffic , play a one-two with Richard Vernes before slipping a classy through-ball with the outside of his right foot . Two more assists in the second half capped a man of the match performance for the diminutive midfielder .
Back to the drawing board
While the Mariners undoubtedly have more quality in the squad , the Sharks decided to sit very deep right from the outset with even the Fox Sports commentators observing they had “ parked two buses ” in front of their goal .
The tactic played right into the hands of the Hyundai A-League club , who had truckloads of possession and eventually wore down the Sharks defence to pounce .
The Final Word
Defeat brings the curtain down on the Sharks memorable season , which saw them win the Queensland PS4 NPL and go deep in the Westfield FFA Cup . While they will be disappointed not to have pushed the Mariners harder , Grae Piddick 's troops can be proud of the effort and they did their part to put Gold Coast football back in the national spotlight .
The Mariners march on to the last four and coach Phil Moss will be delighted to have got the job done with a host of young talent in the side . A few fringe players have certainly pressed their claims for a starting berth , which will give the Mariners boss some pleasant headaches in coming weeks . Two wins – and two clean-sheets - in four days to start the season will undoubtedly have confidence at a high around the club and is the perfect way to head into the weekend 's home clash with the Wellington Phoenix .
Palm Beach : Vitakangas ( GK ) , Dillon , McKay , Lucas , Mirkovic ( Grzic 81 ' ) , Murphy , Boxell ( Mason 65 ' ) , Rees , Ruthven , Dragicevic ( Camilleri 26 ' ) , Dodd
Central Coast : Reddy ( GK ) , Vernes ( Sim 71 ' ) , Anderson , Hutchinson , Fitzgerald , Morton , Caceres , Neill , Bosnar , Cernak ( Slater 85 ' ) , Trifiro ( Kalik ( 81 ' )
Scorers : Cernak ( 28 ' ) , Sim ( 72 ' ) , Sim ( 75 ' ) , Sim ( 90 ' ) , Sim ( 92 ' )
Red cards : N/A
Yellow cards : Rees ( 41 ' ) , Sim ( 88 ' )
Conditions : 24C , Dry
Attendance : 2035
AWFUL ! Paul Ryan Rips POTUS Trump for Pardoning 85 Year-Old Joe Arpaio
It 's well documented that Speaker Paul Ryan was not and is still not a supporter of President Trump .
During a conference call with members in October 2016 before the November election Ryan told Republicans he was through defending the Republican nominee . The GOP House Speaker added , “ I am not going to defend Donald Trump—not now , not in the future , . ”
Paul Ryan was n't kidding .
Ryan has attacked President Trump at least three times in the last month WHILE ON VACATION !
The GOP-led House of Representatives took the entire month of August off .
Paul Ryan already took a couple jabs at President Trump from his vacation bunker earlier this month .
Speaker Paul Ryan took another shot at President Trump this weekend .
Speaker Ryan condemned President Trump for pardoning 85 year-old Joe Arpaio .
The Wall Street Journal reported :
House Speaker Paul Ryan on Saturday criticized President Donald Trump for pardoning a former Arizona sheriff , Joe Arpaio , becoming the highest-ranking Republican to object to the move . “ The speaker does not agree with the decision , ” said Ryan spokesman Doug Andres . “ Law-enforcement officials have a special responsibility to respect the rights of everyone in the United States . We should not allow anyone to believe that responsibility is diminished by this pardon. ” The White House did n't immediately respond to a request for comment about Mr. Ryan 's statement . On Friday , the White House announced that the president had pardoned Mr. Arpaio , known as an immigration hard-liner who had been sheriff of Maricopa County for 24 years before he lost a re-election bid last year .
One year ago , the Guardian published its first bombshell story based on leaked top-secret documents showing that the National Security Agency was spying on American citizens .
At the time , journalist Glenn Greenwald and the Guardian never mentioned that they had a treasure trove of other NSA documents , nor that they came from one person . Then three days later , the source surprisingly unmasked himself : His name was Edward Snowden .
Journalist Glenn Greenwald and the Guardian won a Pulitzer Prize for reporting based on Snowden 's information . Image : John Minchillo/Associated Press
When asked if more revelations were in the pipeline , Greenwald always used to respond that yes , many more were coming — and he was n't kidding . Over the next year , explosive stories began to trickle out of those documents . Here are the top 10 revelations of the year .
1 . Secret court orders allow NSA to sweep up Americans ' phone records
The very first story revealed that Verizon had been providing the NSA with virtually all of its customers ' phone records . It soon was revealed that it was n't just Verizon , but virtually every other telephone company in America .
This revelation is still one of the most controversial ones . Privacy advocates have challenged the legality of the program in court , and one Judge deemed the program unconstitutional and `` almost Orwellian , '' while another one ruled it legal .
The uproar caused by this first story has led President Barack Obama to endorse a reform to the program , and the House of Representatives to pass the first law that tries to change it .
2 . PRISM
The existence of PRISM was the second NSA bombshell , coming less than 24 hours after the first one . Initially , reports described PRISM as the NSA 's program to directly access the servers of U.S tech giants like Google , Facebook , Microsoft and Apple , among others .
Its reality was slightly different .
PRISM , we soon learned , was less less evil than first thought . In reality , the NSA does n't have direct access to the servers , but can request user data from the companies , which are compelled by law to comply .
PRISM was perhaps as controversial as the first NSA scoop , prompting technology companies to first deny any knowledge of it , then later fight for the right to be more transparent about government data requests . The companies ended up partially winning that fight , getting the government to ease some restrictions and allow for more transparency .
3 . Britain 's version of the NSA taps fiber optic cables around the world
The British spy agency , the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) , taps fiber optic cables all over the world to intercept data flowing through the global Internet , we learned . The GCHQ works closely with the NSA , sharing data and intelligence in a program that 's codenamed Tempora .
Tempora is one of the key NSA/GCHQ programs , allowing the spy agencies to collect vasts troves of data , but for some reason , it has sometimes been overlooked . After a couple of months from the Tempora revelation , a German newspaper revealed the names of the companies that collaborate with the GCHQ in the Tempora program : Verizon Business , British Telecommunications , Vodafone Cable , Global Crossing , Level 3 , Viatel and Interoute .
4 . NSA spies on foreign countries and world leaders
U.S. President Barack Obama , right , and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are seated together at a G7 dinner in Brussels , on June 4 . Their relationship has been tense since reports revealed that the NSA tapped Merkel 's phone . Image : Charles Dharapak/Associated Press
Over the months , countless stories based on Snowden documents have revealed that the NSA has spied on numerous world leaders and foreign governments .
The German newsweekly Der Spiegel revealed that the NSA targets at least 122 world leaders .
Other stories over the past years have named specific targets like German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Brazil 's President Dilma Roussef , and Mexico 's former President Felipe Calderon , the French Foreign Ministry , as well as leaders at the 2010 G8 and G20 summits in Toronto .
5 . XKeyscore , the program that sees everything
XKeyscore is a tool the NSA uses to search `` nearly everything a user does on the Internet '' through data it intercepts across the world . In leaked documents , the NSA describes it as the `` widest-reaching '' system to search through Internet data .
6 . NSA efforts to crack encryption and undermine Internet security
Encryption makes data flowing through the Internet unreadable to hackers and spies , making the NSA 's surveillance programs less useful . What 's the point of tapping fiber optic cables if the data flowing through them is unreadable ? That 's why the NSA has a developed a series of techniques and tricks to circumvent widely used web encryption technologies .
The NSA , however , is n't able to compromise the encryption algorithms underlying these technologies . Instead , it circumvents or undermines them , forcing companies to install backdoors , hacking into servers and computers , or promoting the use weaker algorithms .
In any case , technologists were alarmed .
`` Even as the NSA demands more powers to invade our privacy in the name of cybersecurity , it is making the Internet less secure and exposing us to criminal hacking , foreign espionage , and unlawful surveillance . The NSA 's efforts to secretly defeat encryption are recklessly shortsighted and will further erode not only the United States ' reputation as a global champion of civil liberties and privacy but the economic competitiveness of its largest companies , '' Christopher Soghoian , principal technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) said at the time .
7 . NSA elite hacking team techniques revealed
The NSA has at its disposal an elite hacker team codenamed `` Tailored Access Operations '' ( TAO ) that hacks into computers worldwide , infects them with malware and does the dirty job when other surveillance tactics fail .
Der Spiegel , which detailed TAO 's secrets , labelled it as `` a squad of plumbers that can be called in when normal access to a target is blocked . '' But they can probably be best described as the NSA 's black bag operations team .
TAO comes in for specific , targeted operations when the NSA ca n't find intelligence or needs more detailed information on a target through its bulk surveillance programs . Before Snowden , most of their operations and techniques were shrouded in secrecy , and their secrets make for one of the most fascinating revelations .
8 . NSA cracks Google and Yahoo data center links
When bulk collection or PRISM fails , the NSA had other tricks up its sleeve : It could infiltrate links connecting Yahoo and Google data centers , behind the companies ' backs .
This revelation was made famous mostly by a PowerPoint slide that included a celebratory smiley face .
This story truly enraged the tech companies , which reacted with much more fury than before . Google and Yahoo announced plans to strengthen and encrypt those links to avoid this kind of surveillance , and a Google security employee even said on his Google+ account what many others must have thought privately : `` Fuck these guys . ''
9 . NSA collects text messages
It 's not just about Internet data though . The NSA , following its unofficial motto of `` collecting it all , '' intercepts 200 million text messages every day worldwide through a program called Dishfire .
In leaked documents , the agency described the collected messages as a `` goldmine to exploit '' for all kinds of personal data .
Here is what the NSA automatically extract from text messages * every day * : http : //t.co/WyJnSX4Qui pic.twitter.com/DucMOOrdkK — James Ball ( @ jamesrbuk ) January 16 , 2014
Other documents also revealed that the NSA can `` easily '' crack cellphone encryption , allowing the agency to more easily decode and access the content of intercepted calls and text messages .
10 . NSA intercepts all phone calls in two countries
The NSA intercepts and stores all phone calls made in the Bahamas and Afghanistan through a program called MYSTIC , which has its own snazzy logo .
The Bahamas was revealed by The Intercept , Greenwald 's new website , while the second was revealed by WikiLeaks , which protested The Intercept 's decision to withhold the second country 's name .
The NSA also collects all phone calls ' metadata in Mexico , Kenya and the Philippines .
Bonus : Edward Snowden 's first in-person interview with an American news outlet
( H/T to the site Free Snowden , which has an extensive and detailed list of all the NSA revelations . )
Obama Does Syriana
By Pepe Escobar
August 03 , 2012 `` Asia Times `` -- It took Reuters quite a while to be allowed to report that US President Barack Obama had approved an intelligence finding [ 1 ] letting the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) loose in its support for the weaponized `` rebels '' fighting for regime change in Syria .
By now even fishermen in Fiji knew about this `` secret '' ( not to mention that everyone and his neighbor across Latin America knows a thing or two about the CIA 's regime change adventures ) . Reuters cautiously describes the support as `` circumscribed '' . That 's code for `` leading from behind '' .
Whenever the CIA wants to leak something it uses a faithful scribe , such as David Ignatius from the Washington Post . Already on July 18 Ignatius was reproducing his briefing , [ 2 ] according to which `` the CIA has been working with the Syrian opposition for several weeks under a non-lethal directive ... Scores of Israeli intelligence officers are also operating along Syria 's border , though they are keeping a low profile . ''
How lovely . How low profile do you get along Syria 's borders ? An Instagram surrounded by a bunch of grinning truck drivers ?
As for the Mossad 's `` low profile '' , the spin in Tel Aviv is that Israel is able to `` control '' the swarm of hardcore Wahhabis and Salafi-jihadis now infesting Syria . Even if that is manifest nonsense , one juicy point is clear ; Israel is in bed with al-Qaeda-style Islamists .
What this means is that the Not Exactly Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) , crammed with Muslim Brotherhood diehards and infiltrated by Salafi-jihadis , is following the agenda not only of their financiers and weaponizers - the House of Saud and Qatar - but also Tel Aviv , alongside Washington and its trademark poodles London and Paris . So this is not just a proxy war - it 's a multiple , concentric proxy war .
Meet the triangle of death
Tel Aviv 's agenda is clear ; a weakened Syrian government , an overextended army in disarray , sectarian hatred all around and a relentless slouching towards balkanization . The ultimate goal ; not only the Lebanonization , but the Somalization of Syria and environs .
Turkey 's agenda remains incredibly murky - apart from the wishful thinking of post-Assad Syria becoming a mild , civilized version of the AKP reign in Ankara ( it wo n't happen ) .
As reported by ATol for months now , North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) until a while ago was running a command and control center in Iskenderun , in Hathay province . Recently , it was finally leaked to Reuters the news of a joint Turkey-Qatar-Saudi Arabia `` secret '' base in Adana , 100 kilometers from the Syrian border . Adana happens to be the home of Incirlik , the immense NATO base . A local ATol source for weeks has been reporting of frantic cargo movements at Incirlik .
It was Saudi Deputy Foreign Minister Abdulaziz bin Abdullah al-Saud who requested , in person , for the base to be set up , to Ankara 's delight .
Ankara-Riyadh-Doha ; talk about a triangle of death . Yet the spin from Qatar is once again of the `` leading from behind '' variety . Turkey is doing the military heavy lifting ; the CIA is `` hands off '' ; and Qatar is just taking pictures like an innocent tourist ( while directing operations via its military intelligence ) . The heavy-duty guys are all unspecified `` middlemen '' .
Obama has not authorized a drone war - yet - and the CIA may not be weaponizing the `` rebels '' ; that 's the `` triangle of death 's '' business . An inflation of Russian rocket-propelled grenades bought in the black market has been responsible for recent `` rebel '' surges in Damascus and Aleppo . Now an inflation of shoulder-fired anti-tank missiles and surface-to-air missiles is to be expected ; NBC News has already reported about a `` gift '' of nearly two dozen surface-to-air missiles to the FSA - delivered via , where else , Turkey .
Qatar and Saudi Arabia are taking no prisoners . No one in Washington seems to be looking back to post-jihad Afghanistan before making a decision . By the way , this is the 1980s Afghan jihad all over again - with Saudi Arabia and Qatar playing the role of Pakistan , the FSA as the glorious mujahideen `` freedom fighters '' and Obama as Ronald Reagan ; the only element missing is Obama approving a `` memorandum of notification '' to his initial intelligence finding , authorizing Washington to weaponize the freedom fighters and introducing a swarm of drones .
Now that 's the recipe for a certified 2013 Hollywood blockbuster .
Riyadh , for its part , is forcing Jordan 's King Playstation to install a buffer zone in his territory for the over 100 gangs that comprise the FSA - as revealed by the Saudi-financed al-Quds al-Arabi . And guess who was the henchman forcing the deal ? No less than vanishing Saudi intel chief Prince Bandar , who may or may not have been killed in a bomb attack two weeks ago ( see Where is Prince Bandar ? , Asia Times Online , August 2 , 2012 ) .
The Grim Reaper wins It 's worth repeating till the Grim Reaper comes to collect ; spectacular blowback looms large .
The prolonged siege of Aleppo is at hand . The NATO-Gulf Cooperation Council `` secret base '' in Turkey , plus free-for-all weaponizing , are empowering an extremely nasty mix of unemployed , semi-illiterate young Sunni Syrians , sectarian born to kill army defectors , assorted criminals and multinational Salafi-jihadis . This video [ 3 ] shows everything one needs to know about the FSA . And this [ 4 ] shows what kind of `` democracy '' they are aiming for .
Saudi Wahhabis want a hardcore Sunni Islamist Syria - complete with Christians , Allawites , Druzes and Kurds as third-rate citizens ( or prime candidates for beheading ) . Qataris want a Muslim Brotherhood protectorate .
The Obama administration 's foreign policymakers must be on ( lousy ) crack . Just because they are engaged on an all-out war against not only Iran , but also Shi'ites all around , how could they possibly bet on a Somalization of Syria profiting Wahhabi intolerance ? A grinning Grim Reaper awaits in the wings .
Pepe Escobar is the author of Globalistan : How the Globalized World is Dissolving into Liquid War ( Nimble Books , 2007 ) and Red Zone Blues : a snapshot of Baghdad during the surge . His most recent book is Obama does Globalistan ( Nimble Books , 2009 ) .
He may be reached at pepeasia @ yahoo.com
Notes :
1 . Exclusive : Obama authorizes secret US support for Syrian rebels , Reuters , August 1 , 2012
2.Looking for a Syrian endgame , Washington Post , July 19 , 2012
3 . See here .
4 . Free Syrian Army issues military-led transition plan , AFP , July 30 , 2012
Lebanonize & Conquer : 'CIA , Mossad on Syria front line '
‘ Secret-order leak a smokescreen '
By RT
August 03 `` RT '' -- Asia Times Online correspondent Pepe Escobar told RT that the leak 's timing was intended to distort the true nature of Washington 's covert operations on the ground in Syria .
“ This intelligence finding signed by Obama – that 's the code for a secret order – this was signed six months ago . So the fact that Reuters has only been allowed now to report about it proves that there have been high deliberations in Washington : ‘ should we let people know about what they already know ? ' ''
`` In fact , the Washington Post two weeks ago had already reported about it , and when the CIA wants to leak something in the US , they usually go to the Washington Post . The CIA and Mossad , on the ground [ in Syria ] , side by side working with the Qataris , the Turks , the Saudis and a swarm of jihadis coming from everywhere , but especially from across the border in Iraq , ” he argues .
Escobar says the leak was intended to make it look as though Washington was leading the Syrian campaign from behind the scenes , when in fact the US is “ leading from the front lines alongside al-Qaeda-style Jihadists , Qatari intelligence , and Turkish logistics . ”
He says the Western drive against Syria follows the breakdown in the international order caused by the 2011 Libyan intervention .
“ There 's no semblance of international law since what was decided in Libya last year . The maneuvering and the wording of UN resolution 1973 , authorizing war – a no-fly zone was actually war – against Libya . That was the end of international law as we know it . Nation-states do n't matter anymore . If you are a neo-colonial power , like Britain or France , or an empire like the US , you can trample on nations ' sovereignty anywhere , anyhow , anyplace , and this is exactly what 's happening . That 's why Russia has been opposed to it from the start , because Moscow sees that as the end of the sovereignty of nation-states , ” he says .
He added that Syria 's disintegration into a weak – or failed – state is part of Israel 's long-term designs on Iran .
“ The battle of Aleppo could become an extended [ rerun of ] Lebanon in the 1970s . This is the ‘ Lebanonization ‘ of whole tracts of Northern Syria , in fact . And this , by the way , is the Israeli strategy . Israel wants a ‘ Lebanonized ' and ‘ Somalized ' [ Syria ] , like the new Somalia in Libya ; a very weak country with sectarian strife… an overextended army , and of course , innocuous against Israel . So this means opening the way for an Israeli attack against Iran in the next few months or perhaps in 2013 . ”
Scroll down to add / read comments Sign up for our FREE Email Newsletter For Email Marketing you can trust Support Information Clearing House Monthly Subscription To Information Clearing House Option 1 : $ 5.00USD - monthly Option 2 : $ 10.00USD - monthly Option 3 : $ 15.00USD - monthly Option 4 : $ 20.00USD - monthly Option 5 : $ 35.00USD - monthly Option 6 : $ 50.00USD - monthly Option 7 : $ 100.00USD - monthly Search Information Clearing House
Disney claims ClearPlay is the legal streaming option . But because of studio restrictions ClearPlay 's service is severely limited ( see graph below ) . What 's more , the studios have admitted they have the power to shut down that service at any time because ClearPlay is violating Google 's terms of service .
How does VidAngel know all this ? Because we filtered movies on Google Play before ClearPlay did . The studios shut down our access to Google Chromecast HD streaming and we received a cease-and-desist for violating terms of service .
And this is n't just antagonism to VidAngel , but to filtering in general . Google Play ( which has licenses to stream Hollywood movies ) later asked the Studios if they would filter HD movies using VidAngel technology . The studios said no again , this time to Google — one of the biggest companies in the world .
Lionsgate and Sony have also expressed interest in licensing to VidAngel because they realize the filtering market is huge . But they are forbidden to do so by their contracts with the Directors Guild of America .
This IS about filtering . Disney understands that if they can win a fight over decryption or copyright , then they can kill filtering ( or render it unusable ) , allowing them to maintain a veto power over how you watch movies in privacy of your own home .
Fight for filtering by contacting Congress at savefiltering.vidangel.com # SaveFiltering
Is C.K . set to be the next James Bond ? Rumors that the producers are looking for someone slightly different to play James Bond emerged in January 2019 . One of the names who keeps cropping up is Louis C.K ..
UPDATE 26/02/2019 : This story seems to be false . ( read more )
Every man , at some point in his life , wishes he could be James Bond . And with the news that Daniel Craig may well be out as 007 , there are a whole bunch of actors from London to Los Angeles wondering what they could bring to the role .
Could Louis C.K . become the Seventh James Bond ?
C.K . 's star has been rising in Hollywood in recent years thank to critically acclaimed roles in American Hustle ( 2013 ) , Blue Jasmine ( 2013 ) and Louie ( 2010- ) . His commercial appeal is growing , too .
The question for C.K . now is – what next ?
Three reasons Louis C.K . would be good for the James Bond franchise
It would clarify that Bond is a rotating identity : If M can be a woman , why ca n't James Bond be a 51-year-old American ? No other performers could be nearly as cool and broodingly suave as C.K .. It would give Louis C.K . a chance to play a lover , as well as a fighter .
This ' C.K . To Play James Bond ' Rumor had the internet in a frenzy
Twitter was flooded again Monday with loads of tweets related to the rumor . Some fans even launched an online Facebook page called We Want Louis C.K . for James Bond .
“ His name is C.K .. Louis C.K . ! ”
— Alan Sepintree ( @ sepintree ) February 25 , 2019
“ He was perfect as Louie in Louie , he will be tremendous portraying James Bond . ”
— The Clear Observer ( @ clearobserver ) February 25 , 2019
“ An American James Bond ! ? ! Is it some kind of joke ? ”
— Boris Kleinman ( @ UKBoris ) February 25 , 2019
“ Now , this might be a bit of a controversial pick for the role . But think about it : C.K . has always been a skilled actor . He 's also known for his wit . ”
— Claire Stone ( @ averageclaire ) February 25 , 2019
Rumors about Louis C.K . stepping into the role 's next iteration have been floating about for a while now . He is characterized by being smooth , slick , handsome , rugged and charming . These are definitely the characteristics needed to play James Bond . Do n't you agree ?
Do you think Louis C.K . should be the next James Bond ?
© 2019 MediaMass All rights reserved . Do not reproduce ( even with permission ) .
Celebrity Central
Share . Mortal Kombat brutalizes the Vita with tons of features , new and old . Mortal Kombat brutalizes the Vita with tons of features , new and old .
As Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 proved at the system 's launch , the Vita can be a very capable home for fighting games . The system 's gorgeous screen and impressive hardware make for a handheld that can stand up next to what the consoles have to offer . NetherRealm 's Mortal Kombat reboot is the latest fighting game to get the Vita treatment , and luckily stands as a great port of last year 's viciously violent fighter .
Exit Theatre Mode
In terms of sheer content , Mortal Kombat on Vita offers a ton of features both new and old . The entire original game that released on consoles last year is here , complete with the full challenge tower and story mode . Additionally , all four DLC characters are now available from the get-go , along with God of War 's Kratos , who was a special character in the PlayStation 3 version of the game . If that was n't enough , the Vita version also adds in another bonus challenge tower accessible from the menu , with challenges that capitalize both on the DLC characters and the Vita 's touchscreen and motion controls .
Mortal Kombat on Vita brings all of the brutal combat , huge character roster , and bloody fatalities from last year 's game to the system . The fast and frantic pace and combo-based mechanics are a blast to play , and the brutal X-ray moves return from the console version . While the AI can be exceptionally cheap at times leading to some real moments of frustration , the game still plays very well . Last year 's story mode also returns with no changes made , following Raiden and his band of Earthrealm warriors as they attempt to change the past by fighting through the events of the first three Mortal Kombat games . The story is pretty cheesy and is filled with some over the top voice work and writing , but is a pretty fun take that MK fans will dig .
Mortal Kombat 's vicious X-Ray moves return in fine form .
Control is an area where previous fighters have faltered on handhelds , and where Mortal Kombat on Vita shines . The game controls extremely well , and once unwieldy fatalities have been given the touchscreen treatment and are much easier to pull off . Simple directional swipes replace d-pad presses and face buttons are n't required when using the touchscreen . If you 'd like to still use the more traditional button-based control scheme for fatalities , you absolutely can .
Another great element added to the mix is a brand-new challenge tower . The new tower is a completely separate group of original challenges , quite a few of which take advantage of what the Vita has to offer from a hardware perspective . Using the accelerometer and touchscreen , you 'll be doing everything from juggling fighters in the air with missile fire and wiping away view obstructing blood from the screen to shaking the Vita to defuse bombs and stagger enemies .
The bonus challenge tower includes two new modes , as well – Test Your Slice and Test Your Balance . Test Your Slice is a Fruit Ninja-style mini-game that has you slashing across the touchscreen , dismembering body parts to rack up high scores , while the more difficult Test Your Balance mode requires you to tilt your Vita to balance your character and keep them from falling in a deadly pit , all while severed body parts are being thrown at you . Of the two , Test Your Slice was a lot more fun , but neither of them really seemed to add much outside of self-contained , gimmicky experiences .
The bonus challenge tower offers a ton of great new missions .
However , there are still plenty of challenges that play out more traditionally , featuring the game 's four previously DLC-only characters for the first time in the challenge tower . The new tower will require you to use Skarlet , Kenshi , Rain , and Freddy Krueger quite often , on top of the aforementioned Vita hardware abilities .
Playing through the challenge tower is definitely addictive and extremely tough , but feels rewarding as you burn your way through it . As you complete the tower and you 're your way through the game 's other modes , you 'll earn Koins that can be spent in the Krypt on new costumes , art , and other unlockables . You 'll even get some new art and costumes from the DLC characters , which were previously unavailable in the original release . Overall , the new challenge tower is a blast , offering varied gameplay and some really fun , albeit very difficult moments littered throughout .
Some of the challenge tower missions can get pretty weird .
Graphically , Mortal Kombat on Vita runs at an impressively smooth 60 frames per second with very few bouts of slowdown . The original console experience ran at a similar clip , so being able to bring that and the smooth animations to a handheld format is a notable feat by the developers . However , there were a few consolations that happened in order to ensure the fast framerate , namely in the image quality of the character models . While the game looks great in motion , a closer look reveals that the characters look jagged , blocky , and not as detailed as their console counterparts . However , the grievance is a small one , and watching the game in motion is fantastic , as it successfully captures the fast pace and action of the original game .
The game supports both Wi-Fi and Ad-Hoc play . While there were a couple of performance hiccups in play sessions over Wi-Fi , Ad-Hoc worked swimmingly and both managed to maintain fluid framerates throughout .
Westboro Baptist Church to picket One Direction concert , claim band are 'crotch-grabbing little perverts ' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Westboro Baptist Church in the United States is to picket a One Direction concert because they believe the British boy band are “ crotch-grabbing little perverts ” . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/westboro-baptist-church-to-picket-one-direction-concert-claim-band-are-crotchgrabbing-little-perverts-29387597.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article29205843.ece/20e93/AUTOCROP/h342/2013-04-18_news_localandnationalnews_uk_14_2.jpg
Email
The Westboro Baptist Church in the United States is to picket a One Direction concert because they believe the British boy band are “ crotch-grabbing little perverts ” .
In a statement titled ‘ God hates fag enablers , ' Westboro Baptist Church ( WBC ) said it will picket line One Direction 's July concert in Kansas .
The group said it believes the boy band are “ a perfect representation of this filthy world and the sin-chasing , fag-enabling , Christ-rejecting UK who has banned WBC from preaching within her borders . ”
The religious group added : “ These freaks and their fans think it 's funny for these five perverts to grab each other 's asses on stage . They glamorise sin and mock of God 's standards . Their one purpose is to encourage the youth of this generation to pursue every lust their evil hearts can imagine . ”
In an effort to spread its message , Westboro Baptist Church has created a parody of One Direction 's number one single `` One Thing '' .
The evangelical group 's rendition starts : “ We 'll be playing it cool/ When God 's wrath is on you/ None of you will be brave/ When god ends this human race . ”
Its chorus continues : “ Get all those lies right out of your head/ Focus on obeying instead/ You know , you know , you know what it is/ Obeying that one thing . ”
Westboro Baptist Church 's public condemnation of One Direction comes days after the group called Taylor Swift a “ whore ” and promised to picket line her concert in August .
The group said the singer : “ works her ‘ girl next door ' country-singer shtick , while hopping from one young man to the next and strutting across the world stage like a proud whore . ”
Founded in 1955 , the Westboro Baptist Church believes God will punish the West for its acceptance of homosexuality . The group has picketed dozens of funerals of US servicemen in the belief that war is God 's way of punishing America for its ‘ evil ' acts .
The evangelical group was the focus of Louis Theroux 's 2007 documentary The Most Hated Family in America , in which the filmmaker followed the church 's famous leader Fred Phelps , who pioneered the group 's defining slogan “ God hates fags . ”
In 2012 the Westboro Baptist Church picket lined a Missouri school production of The Laramie Project , a play about the murder of gay student Matthew Shepherd at the University of Wyoming .
The church threatened to picket line a 2009 British production of the play in Basingstoke , but the group was banned from entering the UK .
Anonymous hacks Westboro Baptist Church website live
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Oh . My . God . Mmmmmmmmmmmm .
( I could stop this post right there , because seriously , that 's all that needs to be said about this ice cream recipe . It is AMAZING . Quite possibly the best chocolate ice cream I 've ever tasted . Sooo rich . Soooooo delicious . )
I 've had an ice cream maker for about a year , and in that time I 've learned a LOT about making ice cream :
You can make ice cream with or without eggs . With eggs is called “ Custard ” style ; without eggs is called “ Philadelphia ” style .
Eggs act as an emulsifier…which basically means that the eggs are the glue that holds everything together .
Eggs keep ice crystals from forming and keep the ice cream from turning rock hard when it 's in the freezer ( gelatin also helps to prevent ice crystals ) .
Ice cream that is made without eggs does not store well in the freezer and should be eaten right away .
If you use eggs , you need to cook the mixture on the stove so you 're not eating raw eggs .
I make my ice cream with eggs . Since I use Truvia instead of sugar , I feel like I should try to keep everything else as close to “ real ” ice cream as possible .
So why did I call this recipe “ Ice Cream/Pudding ” ? Because when you add gelatin to an ice cream mixture you get pudding . And in the case of THIS recipe , quite possibly the best chocolate pudding I 've ever had . Even better than Cozy Shack chocolate pudding , which up until a few days ago I would have said was the best chocolate pudding in the world . ( It 's definitely the best store-bought chocolate pudding out there , in my opinion . But I digress . )
I tasted the pudding mixture right before I was about to pour it into my ice cream maker , and it was so freaking good that I considered skipping the ice cream maker altogether . But I have major problems when it comes to portion control , and I knew that if I did n't turn it into ice cream and freeze it then I would end up eating all of the pudding within a day or two . So into the ice cream maker it went .
Sugar-free Chocolate Coconut Milk Ice Cream/Pudding
Ingredients :
1 can full fat coconut milk ( 13.5 oz )
4 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
4 tablespoons Truvia
4 egg yolks , whisked ( you can the the egg whites to make meringues ! )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 packet Knox gelatin ( helps to keep the ice cream from turning rock solid once you freeze it )
1 teaspoon arrowroot powder ( Ditto . But it 's not as vital as long as you 're using gelatin . )
1/4 cup slivered almonds ( optional )
Sidenote : an instant thermometer makes ice cream so much easier . You ca n't let the temperature of the mixture get over 175 F when you 're heating it up , because then the eggs will start to cook . A thermometer eliminates any guesswork .
Directions :
1 . Add coconut milk to a sauce pan and heat over low flame . ( I tried the double boiler method once or twice , but it seemed really unnecessary . Maybe I 'm missing something , I do n't know . )
2 . Mix in the cocoa powder , then the gelatin , and then the eggs , and stir constantly until thermometer reaches 175 degrees ( or until it coats the back of a spoon ) .
3 . Remove the saucepan from the stove and immediately put it in cold water to cool it down .
4 . Once it has cooled down a bit , add the Truvia , vanilla and arrowroot .
5 . Put the mixture in the fridge for at least a few hours , preferably overnight .
That 's all there is to it . When you take your mixture out of the fridge you 'll have a delicious pudding that you can either eat as is or turn into ice cream . If you want to make ice cream , it 's 15 minutes in the ice cream maker and you 're done . ( If you want to add anything , like almonds , add it at about 10 minutes in . )
Advertisements
Ladies , ladies , ladies ... just look at yourselves . Is this where you thought you 'd be in your twenties ? Digging through garbage on the side of the street for a Cronut ? It 's time to really take a look at some choices you 've made in life , starting with the decision to dig through trash for a piece of discarded pastry .
The tipster who sent us this photo witnessed this all go down last night outside of Dominique Ansel Bakery , telling us that `` it was n't even a finished Cronut ... it was burnt and unfilled . '' The bakery never has Cronuts to toss out at the end of the day , so this was just a casualty from the frying process . Our tipster added , `` It was a really sad moment . One of the cooks ran out and told them it was unsafe to eat , and they cursed at her and ran away . ''
Just two young ladies trying to make it in this crazy world ...
Radio Adelaide secures injunction against ABC Adelaide over station rebranding
Posted
Community broadcaster Radio Adelaide has been granted an injunction in the Federal Court against 891 ABC Adelaide rebranding itself to ABC Radio Adelaide .
The current 891 ABC Adelaide call sign was to be changed to ABC Radio Adelaide as part of a national rebranding of the broadcaster 's capital city stations to be rolled out from January 2017 .
But the Federal Court heard Radio Adelaide was concerned the renaming would cause confusion between the two broadcasters and would harm Radio Adelaide 's brand , which had been built up by volunteers over four decades .
Justice Natalie Charlesworth allowed the injunction on Friday afternoon , saying while the logos and branding were quite different between the two broadcasters , there still might be confusion when the names were heard over the radio .
`` Radio services are by their nature to be delivered orally and received aurally — even if they may be marketed by visual uses by words , '' she said .
`` The phrases Radio Adelaide and ABC Radio Adelaide share a much closer resemblance than the visual words . ''
She said there was value to the ABC in having a nationally consistent naming convention , but that there was evidence to suggest the ABC predicted its new name change would not be well received by Radio Adelaide .
The court heard the delay to the roll out of the rebranding could cost more than $ 100,000 .
The trial is expected to begin in April .
Topics : radio-broadcasting , broadcasting , activism-and-lobbying , community-and-society , community-organisations , radio , arts-and-entertainment , courts-and-trials , law-crime-and-justice , adelaide-5000 , sa , australia
Piracy is so difficult to battle because file-sharers are motivated by altruism and not financial gain , according to one academic .
Joe Cox , an economist at the Portsmouth Business School , believes file-sharers who post content online see themselves as the `` Robin Hoods of the digital age , '' according to a study he 's published in the journal Information Economics and Policy .
Such insight could help drive policy and find ways to prevent illegal downloads , he claims . We spoke to him to find out more .
Q . Why did you decide to look at file-sharing ?
A . A lot of the academic effort which has focused on file-sharing has been on lost revenues , to say how much the record industry and the film industry has lost as a result of people illegally downloading content .
I was more interested in the behavioural motivations . To me it seems pretty obvious why you might want to illegally download a music track or a film or a video game , but what I was really interested in is the people who make the content available in the first place , because there does n't seem to be much to be gained for them , at least not materially . They presumably already bought the material to make it available in the first place .
I called them seeders – it 's a pretty standard term for people who make the material available – distinguishing them from leechers , who just take material from others but do n't give any back . I 've never seen anything published which looks at those two groups to look at their different motivations .
Q . What was the motivation for seeders ?
A . For the leechers , pretty obviously , the major motivation was financial . They wanted to acquire music or films without paying for it because it was cheaper than going out to buy it .
What was interesting was the difference with the seeders , and it was quite apparent that financial motivations were nowhere near as prevelant ; it was a kind of altruism .
Their main motivation was that they were seeking notoriety , peer recognition , peer esteem , some sort of feeling of getting one over on the system . It was a much richer tapestry of different things contributing to the decision to go ahead and make the content available .
Q . With that in mind , how should illegal sharing be prevented ?
A . The survey data suggested there was a deep-seated belief that this type of activity should n't be illegal , that there was no criminal act involved .
That makes it very hard to deter with advertising to suggest that you 're funding piracy , that you 're a cheap knock-off merchant , because they believe what they 're doing is morally right . And it 's these guys that record labels and movie studios are most interested in getting to . They 're the source .
Q . You 've said the Digital Economy Act wo n't work , so what do you suggest ?
A . Technology has developed to such a point now that you ca n't turn back the clock and you ca n't change the digital revolution – it 's a bit like King Canute trying to halt the advance of the tides .
For those interested , this is how the coin-flipping comparison works : You toss the coin . Is it heads or tails ? There 's a 50 percent chance of either outcome . Let 's say the coin lands on heads . If you flip it again , the probability that the coin will land on heads the second time is also 50 percent . Because there are four possible outcomes for the two flips , there 's a one-in-four , or 25 percent , chance that your coin will land on heads twice in a row .
Image Credit Minh Uong/The New York Times
Repeat those double flips five times and you 'll find the probability of a mutual fund ending up in the top quartile five times in a row through chance : 0.098 percent . ( We 're flipping the coin twice for each year of mutual fund performance . ) That 's a bigger probability than the 0.07 percent scored by the actual funds . This means that if mutual fund managers had just flipped coins , roughly three of them — not two — would have been expected to end up in the top quartile for five years in a row .
Still , the dismal results of the real-world fund managers were very close to what Burton G. Malkiel , the Princeton finance professor , once described as “ a random walk . ”
“ Taken to its logical extreme , it means that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper 's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by the experts , ” he wrote in his guide to investing , “ A Random Walk Down Wall Street . ”
As a group , managers who ran the 2,862 funds examined by S. & P . Dow Jones Indices did n't do as well as a blindfolded monkey . The hypothetical monkey , or a serial coin flipper , beat them in several other tests , too .
What should we make of this ?
Paul Samuelson , the late Nobel laureate from M.I.T. , with whom Professor Nordhaus collaborated on the textbook “ Economics , ” wrote several influential academic papers that dealt with the issue . In “ Challenge to Judgment , ” a 1974 paper that inspired John C. Bogle to create the first index fund at Vanguard , Professor Samuelson said that deep , liquid markets like the stock market were efficient enough to make short-term investing very much like a random draw . Index funds would be a better choice for most people , he said .
Yet Mr. Samuelson also believed that some investors were truly talented — even if they faced steep odds in beating the market consistently .
“ Paul thought that Warren Buffett was a true genius , ” Professor Nordhaus recalled . Indeed , in a 1989 paper , Professor Samuelson pointed to Mr. Buffett as an outlier , an investor who appeared to have “ flair. ” Yet he said that even Mr. Buffett could be expected to have difficulty keeping ahead of the competition in the future . One reason was that if anyone starts to beat the market in a noticeable way , imitators will eliminate his edge .
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson ( left ) laughs as he and Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith take part in the team 's annual charity golf tournament Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 at Cowboys Golf Club in Grapevine , Texas . ( G.J . McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News )
GRAPEVINE -- Two Dallas Cowboys starting offensive linemen said Wednesday from the club 's annual sponsors golf tournament that they 're excited about the recent addition of first-round pick Ezekiel Elliott .
The Cowboys drafted the running back from Ohio State fourth overall . The veterans have practiced with Elliott some this week at Valley Ranch for the first time .
`` We need all the help we can get , and he 's a great addition to our team , '' Cowboys Pro Bowl left tackle Tyron Smith said while taking a quick break between holes .
`` We have the right type of guys around right now and we 're on the right path . ''
Cowboys left guard La'el Collins also said he 's looking forward to playing in front of Elliott .
`` I 'm extremely excited , '' Collins said . `` He 's a smart guy , fast guy , learns pretty fast , so he 's been taking some reps . I 'm ready to see what he has , come put the pads on , see what kind of juice he has . ''
Collins said the Cowboys ' offense will be improved in 2016 .
`` It will be really good . We got a lot of great pieces to the puzzle , '' Collins said . `` If we keep everybody healthy , that 's one of the biggest factors , and I think that will make the difference . ''
Enjoy a partial reprint of the article on the benefits of worm castings we wrote for the Connecticut Horticultural Society this summer ! : )
Vermicompost ( composted wood or food waste mixed with worm castings ) & worm castings ( defined as pure worm castings refined to 1/8 '' of an inch and much more concentrated & beneficial than vermicompost in the organic garden ) are super-packed with macro & micro-nutrients , natural plant food minerals and beneficial plant root microbes in plant-ready form that your garden is going to love , giving YOU the gardener the healthiest and most beautiful plants and flowers in the neighborhood ... all without using chemicals that are bad for your children , pets and the environment .
Concentrate on strengthening your soil which in turn feeds plant / flower roots and you will be pleasantly rewarded ! The benefits of worm castings even greatly outweigh the benefits of compost , aged manure and conventional fertilizers…Why ?
Fertile soil ( most of us do n't even minimally have that anymore due to the overuse of chemical-based fertilizer products that are stuffed with high amounts of NPK that can actually kill your plant instead of help it if not use cautiously ... and let 's be honest most people barely read the label ! ) has approximately 5 million beneficial microbes per gram ( imagine about of the weight of a paperclip ) , however , worm castings have been found to contain up to 100 million beneficial plant root microbes per gram , up to 20 times more than the surrounding soil . Purdue University has reported that earthworms also leave soil 5-11 % richer in essential plant-available NPK ( nitrogen , phosphorus , and potassium ) nutrients without even considering the vast amounts of micro-nutrients and beneficial microbes they also add to the mix that are responsible for robust plant growth and flower blooms .
Worm castings ( which look just like refined black coffee and smell like rich earth when made & harvested properly ) , due to the worms ' enzymes , also release micro and macro nutrients slowly throughout the season ( sort of natural time-released formula ... so no wasted resources or leaching ) . Chemical fertilizers generally contain a high NPK content that are n't even in optimal form for plant roots to absorb so most of it leaches ( runs off into our waterways ) where it pollutes our water systems causing nasty things like algae blooms . In other words , you really have to watch how much you use or you 'll actually kill your plants . Not so with worm castings though !
Here 's a more technical list of additional benefits of worm castings :
Worm castings improve soil structure and porosity – creating a better plant root environment Worm castings increase moisture infiltration and permeability , and reduces bulk density of heavy soils – improving moisture infiltration rates , reducing erosion and runoff Worm castings improve the moisture holding capacity of light soils – reducing water loss and nutrient leaching Worm castings improve the cation exchange capacity ( CEC ) of soils ( this is a measure of the soil 's ability to hold and release various elements and compounds , for example : plant nutrients ) Worm castings supply organic matter Worm castings aid the proliferation of soil microbes that benefit plant and flower growth Worm castings supply beneficial microorganisms to soils and growing media Worm castings encourage vigorous root growth Worm castings allow plants to more effectively utilize nutrients Worm castings enable soils to retain nutrients longer Worm castings contain humus – assisting in soil aggregation and making nutrients more available for plant uptake and finally , high quality worm castings buffer soil pH since they tend to run pH neutral
Worm castings are literally the best and only thing you 'll ever need for all your indoor and outdoor gardening needs ... but do n't forget , just like any product in the market not all worm castings products are created equal ! There is an in-depth process to creating premium worm castings and a lot of companies just throw some worms in buckets of peat ( which is also a non-sustainable resource by the way ) . Picture an athlete that eats junk food instead of a protein and carbohydrate balanced diet to fuel his body . Junk in gets junk out and the same goes with the worm castings that come out of worms . You will only maximize the benefits of worm castings we listed when you use high-quality worm castings ... So make sure you buy from trustworthy sources .
Our natural organic plant food products include ultra-refined worm castings ( we 're the only company that triple refines our worm castings to less than 1/8 '' for purity ) that are made with a high quality controlled process using many sources of fruit & vegetable scraps in a predefined ratio for maximum variety of minerals & nutrients . We then fortify the resulting mixture with our own proprietary combination of additional earth and sea minerals for a premium & balanced formula in all-natural form that makes all your plants and flowers thrive ! Our plant food product results speak for themselves with 5-star customer ratings on all our products and a loyal customer base made up of 90 % recurring sales .
Happy organic gardening everyone !
For more in-depth organic gardening tips , please visit the Earthworm Technologies organic gardening blog : https : //earthwormtechnologies.com/blogs/
Earthworm Technologies , LLC is an eco-organic gardening company based in Stamford , CT that sells innovative high-quality natural plant & flower food fertilizer products . The company was founded by Steven Devloo who is also the CEO and creator of BloomPucks®Flower Garden Seed Starters , EarthPods®Natural Flower & Plant Food Capsules & TeaDrops®Natural Plant & Flower Food Steeping Packets . Earthworm Technologies ' products are all organic , eco-friendly , child-friendly , pet-friendly and made sustainably directly by the company in the U.S.A . The Company 's process also helps fight against the tons of food waste the U.S.A. throws into landfills every day . The Company 's product packaging is made from recycled paper sources and printed with soy inks , making it compostable . The Company has won design awards for its sustainable , eco-friendly packaging design . You can find Earthworm Technologies natural plant & flower food products in premium gardening nurseries across the U.S.A. or you can order directly from the Company via its website : https : //earthwormtechnologies.com
Executives at Netflix will receive substantially higher salaries in 2018 as result of the passage of the GOP tax plan , The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday .
Among those receiving raises include Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos , who will earn a $ 12 million salary next year , a significant jump from the $ 1 million he earned during the past three years .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , Sarandos and other executives had been earning large performance-based bonuses for their work because of the heavy taxes levied on salaries of more than $ 1 million , according to the newspaper .
For example , Sarandos earned a salary of $ 1 million in 2017 but could earn up to $ 9 million in bonuses this year .
“ With the recent passage of federal tax reform , the performance bonus plan will no longer eliminate such surcharges , ” Netflix said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . “ As such , the compensation committee of the board of directors has determined that all cash compensation for 2018 will be paid as salary . ”
Other Netflix executives ' salaries include chief counsel David Hyman at $ 2.5 million and Chief Product Officer Greg Peters with $ 6 million .
Chief executive Reed Hastings will earn $ 700,000 , alongside $ 28.7 million in annual stock options .
Several companies announced employee bonuses after President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE signed the GOP tax plan into law , including Sinclair Broadcast Group and Comcast .
Republicans had touted the tax bill as designed to help to work Americans .
Efforts to eradicate the invasive lionfish are finally getting a seat at the big kids ' table : Whole Foods markets announced last week it will offer lionfish for sale ( sans venomous spines ) in its Florida seafood departments . The “ white , buttery meat ” is perfect for everything from sauté to ceviche .
Lionfish , native to the Indian and South Pacific Oceans , are supermodel gorgeous and supervillain deadly . They lack natural predators , crowd out native fish , and breed like crazy wherever they go . Luckily , they are also delicious .
One way to control their population—females can produce two million eggs in a year—says Erin Spencer , a National Geographic young explorer—is to eat them .
For divers off the coast of the southeastern U.S. , where they have been spotted since the late 1980s , they have been irresistible to hunt . But beware those venomous spines . If they get you , they wo n't kill you , but you 'll wish you were dead , Spencer says .
Take a look at our video to see how divers and a Florida restaurant are turning these bad boys into delicious delicacies .
The EU has a GDP of $ 17 trillion -- -- a figure approximately 9X that of Russia . If there is any one over there who actually believes that Putin is about to mobilize his troops on a reverse of Hitler 's march through Ukraine and back into central Europe , let them make their case and take up a collection from the purportedly threatened states .
Quite obviously no one is making that case in Berlin , Brussels or any other significant European capital -- -for the simple reason that such a scenario is purely a figment of the Washington War Party 's imagination . So what we actually have is an American president on a photo op tour of Europe being importuned by local dignitaries for more Washington largesse . And the result will be more kidstuff maneuvers that are laughable in there own terms , but still another irritant in America 's utterly unnecessary confrontation with Russia .
In that regard , we have already witnessed the President of Poland , Bronislaw Komorowski , making this hideous remark as he stood with Obama alongside F-16s employed in joint training exercises between the two nations :
Mr. Komorowski said the U.S. and Poland are a `` brotherhood in arms . ''
Well , not at all . We are actually two nations at peace , and Poland is a fortunate nation that has been born again solely because of the sacrifices American taxpayers made for 50 years to first defeat its German occupiers and then to outlast its Soviet overlords .
So Poland is no longer a `` captive nation '' and is free to prosper as a burgeoning capitalist economy at peace . Its president , therefore , should have the good graces to dispense with cold war politics . He might have even asked how Poland should repay America for its steadfast support against real enemies in times past , not indulge in a saber-rattling shake-down for Washington dollars to enable it to engage in petty war game maneuvers for domestic political consumption . And that 's exactly what all this military dress parade stuff is all about : The US now has exactly 150 soldiers on temporary `` rotational assignment '' in Poland !
That should be an embarrassment that adult policy-makers would not dare even report publicly . Instead , far more than 150 diplomats , military advisers , and national security apparatchiks from the two nations are at this very moment haggling over how to slightly increase the size and deployment tempos of this ridiculously irrelevant token force .
Moreover , any one with an ounce of common sense and knowledge of history most surely recognizes that Putin 's thoroughly plundered and rickety economy of oil wells , gas fields , nickel mines , fertilizer plants , dubious car factories , ample Vodka stills and not much else could never survive an invasion of Poland -- -even were Putin the mad man his caricatured to be rather than the disciplined realist he obviously has already proven he actually is .
Yet rather than have his handlers red pencil Komorowski 's preposterous reference to `` brotherhood in arms '' , the leader of fiscally bankrupt America came bearing even more arms , proposing a new $ 1 billion fund :
...... to support the security initiative of up to $ 1 billion to increase the U.S. presence in Eastern Europe , included the expanded presence of rotational forces .
The combined defense and security budgets of the US and NATO exceed $ 1 trillion -- -- or 12X more than Russia 's military spending . Yet the machinery of the Warfare State is relentless : Put an American President on the road and he must come bearing arms and bribes to the locals , no matter how trivial and pointlessly redundant .
Given the Washington caused tensions in Europe , Obama should have never gone on this grand tour in the first place ; and , instead , he should have made a brief , quiet and dignified appearance on June 6 in commemoration of Normandy and then returned home for a far more important and urgent undertaking .
The sad fact of modern history is that the temporary war machine which saved the future of mankind at Normandy -- -- has since morphed into its opposite . That is , it has become a permanent Warfare State that drains America 's economic lifeblood and promotes aggression and misguided interventions all over the planet .
If Obama really understood the mandate on which he was first elected as the `` peace candidate '' in 2008 he would not be strutting around Europe with a cast of thousands sowing mischief , tensions and unreasonable expectations among local politicians kow-towing to a visiting emperor .
Instead , he would have motorcaded out to the Pentagon to crack the budget books , as did another accidental president in the movie called 'Dave '' ; and to crack the whip of massive fiscal shrinkage including sweeping weapon systems cancellations and force structure reductions as did the last real commander-in-chief to occupy the White House -- -Dwight David Eisenhower .
Even at the peak of the cold war in 1953 Eisenhower figured out how to slash Truman 's war budget by 33 % , the Army by 40 % and the Navy ship-building program by even more . In present day dollars , Ike shrank the Warfare State budget from $ 500 billion to $ 370 billion . And he did so by getting his hands dirty -- diving into the vast detail and endless fiscal obfuscations of the Pentagon for hours upon hours every week , year-in and year-out .
Ike 's devotion to wrestling down the Pentagon is exceeded only by Obama 's cowardly insistence on completely ignoring the swampland of waste that still lurks there .
Even then Eisenhower knew he had not finished the job and left the oval office with his famous farewell address about the dangers of the military-industrial complex . Not unsurprisingly , that particular warning found its way into Saul Alinsky 's training manual . Barack Obama apparently did bivouac in Alinsky 's camp -- -but self-evidently he skipped class on the day the anti-Warfare State module was reviewed .
From the Wall Street Journal
WARSAW—U.S . President Barack Obama has backed a $ 1 billion fund to bolster European security , part of the latest attempt to reassure European allies the U.S. would act if Russia 's aggression in Ukraine spread to other parts of the region .
The White House called on Congress to support the security initiative of up to $ 1 billion to increase the U.S. presence in Eastern Europe , included the expanded presence of rotational forces .
The fund would also allow the U.S. to preposition more military equipment in Europe . The White House said the fund would also allow for a greater naval presence in the Black and Baltic seas .
Mr. Obama , speaking in an airport hangar , said European security is the `` cornerstone of our own security and it is sacrosanct . ''
`` It is a commitment that is particularly important at this point in time , '' Mr. Obama said .
Washington has been considering a stepped up rotation of troops from the U.S. to a base in Poland and possibly other Eastern European countries .
The U.S. has been trying to reassure Eastern European allies with an expanded series of exercises and deployments , including fighter jets and a company of about 150 soldiers in Poland .
But Poland has been pushing for a larger deployment of U.S. forces to deter Russian aggression .
The U.S. has rejected a permanent presence of troops in Poland , but had left door open for a rotational presence , where forces deploy in and out of Poland .
To underscore his commitment , Mr. Obama 's first stop was an appearance with American and Polish military forces standing alongside F-16s employed in joint training exercises between the two nations .
Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski joined Mr. Obama on the tour , greeting his U.S. counterpart as he stepped off Air Force One ahead of their one-on-one meeting at Belweder Palace Wednesday morning .
Mr. Komorowski said the U.S. and Poland are a `` brotherhood in arms . ''
Mr. Obama 's visit to Poland begins a four-day trip to Europe that will be dominated by Ukraine and the West 's tensions with Russia over its annexation of Crimea . The trip includes a meeting with Central European leaders in Warsaw , a summit of Group of Seven leaders in Brussels , an evening in Paris where Mr. Obama will dine with French President François Hollande , and events to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings in Normandy .....
Click Here for the complete article :
http : //online.wsj.com/articles/obama-stands-behind-european-allies-in-face-of-russian-aggression-1401785625 ? mod=WSJ_hp_LEFTTopStories
—Julian E. Barnes and Naftali Bendavid in Brussels contributed to this article .
Mubarak Walks Free , In What Could Be The Final Twist For Egypt 's Former Dictator
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
Six years after the Arab Spring , Egypt 's former leader Hosni Mubarak has left a military hospital and is heading home . Mubarak , 88 and ailing , was acquitted by Egypt 's top appeals court of charges that he ordered police to kill anti-government protesters in 2011 .
Mubarak had ruled Egypt for 30 years ; now he will live in his home in Cairo 's wealthy Heliopolis district , according to local media reports .
`` The former president is not completely out of the clear , '' NPR 's Jane Arraf reports from Cairo . `` He faces potential charges on allegations he received gifts from a state-owned newspaper . But he 's not expected to be taken back into custody unless he 's convicted . ''
The ousted dictator was acquitted on March 2 , but it was n't clear whether he was well enough to leave the Maadi Military Hospital where he received care while detained . In televised court appearances , Mubarak was wheeled into the courtroom on a stretcher .
When prosecutors ordered Mubarak to be released on March 19 , his supporters held a rally outside the hospital , drawing an appreciative wave from their former leader at the window of his room .
As NPR 's Merrit Kennedy has reported of the protester case , `` This marks the end of a six-year court battle , during which the political landscape in Egypt has shifted dramatically . Many of the protesters who led the 2011 uprising sit in prison , while many figures associated with the Mubarak regime have re-entered political life . ''
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
An openly-gay basketball star in the US , who came out last week in an interview , has signed an endorsement deal with sports giant Nike .
US basketball star Brittney Griner last week came out as gay , and offered advice for young women looking up to her to “ just be who you are ” , and not worry about what other people might be thinking .
The new Phoenix Mercury player and Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) draft pick has now signed an endorsement deal with Nike . The deal was confirmed on USA today by Lindsay Kagawa Colas , Griner 's sports agent .
The 22-year-old described the deal as “ big time . ”
There has been much speculation around endorsement and sponsorship deals , particularly to do with gay athletes coming out . Some have suggested that it could damage the commercial viability of a player , but many have said that is not the case .
The former executive of a National Basketball Association ( NBA ) team said earlier this month that the first professional sports player to come out in the US will benefit rather than suffer , potentially earning millions in endorsements for being openly gay in the field .
Super Bowl Champion Brendon Ayanbadejo , said recently that he thinks it is more likely that a baseball player will come out sooner than anyone in the NFL because of the religious nature of locker-room culture in American football .
Another prominent figure in the NFL , Chris Kluwe spoke about the possible marketing and endorsement opportunities , surrounding the first openly gay NFL player , whoever that may be .
Alan Gendreau , a gay American footballer has expressed hopes of being drafted by an NFL team , and could be the first openly-gay player the industry has anticipated for some time .
If you 're into games like Another World or Oddworld , you will definitely enjoy The Last Night . It 's an indie game , which is being produced by a small team , headed by Tim and Adrian Soret – brothers , who are really fond of cinematic platformers . Together with a couple of friends , they are building a unique project with Unity 5 . It 's an open world project with 4 unique districts , amazing architecture and handcrafted pixel art .
The game originally started as a winning # cyberpunkjam entry , which ran in 691×269 window . It looked primitive , but already showed a lot of potential . After that time the game matured significantly and turned into a massive pixel art masterpiece . What 's interesting about the project is the technology it uses . It started as a classical 2d game , but slowly the developers moved into a 2,5D direction , at least , that 's what it looks like from some of the test shots . The camera is fixed just like in any other platformer . The image is rendered in 3d , with great low poly models and special pixel art textures . This approach definitely requires a lot of time , but the results it gives are just astonishing . However , there are also test images , which look entirely 2d , so it 's hard to tell , what approach the developers use now . Some of the images look like 3d , some are just plain 2d . We 'll try to contact the devs to talk about the technology in more detail .
Old physics tests . Fully breakable boxes with joints actually containing stuff . Setup was pretty hard to nail . pic.twitter.com/TIOLukhSBp — Tim Soret ( @ timsoret ) October 2 , 2016
Our main character is very clumsy . All of these are super old tests . Actually ending up useful for gameplay , characterisation & storytelling pic.twitter.com/ccm62uoiUm — Tim Soret ( @ timsoret ) October 2 , 2016
As the creators suggest , game world has a huge impact on the gameplay . “ The Last Night is really about living in the future , about bathing in a post-cyberpunk world “ , – said Tim Soret , Creative director & founder of Odd Tales . The developers could n't just craft the mechanics in the void , before they had to craft the world , that will support the game .
The animation in the game are done in the same way as the animations in Pronce of Persia . It 's all done by hand and based on the real0life movements . Brothers played the role of the animation models .
. @ midi_error @ notquitebw Of course we saw the “ motion capture ” of Prince of Persia . We do the same thing actually : pic.twitter.com/mk2eepPwGz — Tim Soret ( @ timsoret ) June 2 , 2016
We 're not entirely sure , when we 'll be able to see the game , but it wo n't happen soon . Soret brothers have mentioned that it took them almost 2 years to actually craft the world ( the game was originally announced in 2014 ) , so we 're not likely to see the project anytime soon . It 's still nice to see that the game is still being developed , updates are coming and we hope the development will progress .
The list of game features is pretty amazing :
+ Action & infiltration gameplay in the great tradition of cinematic platformers .
+ Travel between districts using taxis , ferries , or monorail while trying to keep low profile .
+ A diverse , inclusive cast of complex characters to interact with through meaningful , branching dialogue .
+ Varied gameplay such as driving down epic highways , flying drones , hacking droids to do your dirty work and remain undetected .
+ Interactive , in-game multiple-choice events . In tricky situations , run away , argue to gain more time , or try to pull your gun .
+ Living , simulated world with dense crowd of citizens doing their own stuff .
Be sure to check out the official devlog and The Last Night website .
When you hook one of LG 's 5K monitors to one of the new MacBook Pros , what you 're actually seeing on the screen is two pictures stitched together to make a single seamless image . This is because the version of the DisplayPort spec supported by Intel 's GPUs and almost all monitors these days—version 1.2—does n't have enough bandwidth to drive a 5K display at 60Hz all by itself . [ … ] Apple is actually pushing two DisplayPort 1.2 streams to the monitor over the single Thunderbolt 3 cable .
There 's nothing wrong with this method , except that it cuts down on the number of external displays your computer can support . Intel 's integrated GPUs can drive a total of three displays , but you use up two of those three streams to drive one 5K monitor and one of them to drive the laptop 's internal display . AMD 's GPUs support up to six displays , so you can use two of those connections for one 5K monitor , two of them for the other 5K monitor , one for the laptop 's internal display , and still have one left over for yet another monitor if you really wanted to use one .
Apple will have more flexibility again when DisplayPort 1.3 becomes more common . Those future laptops will be able to drive two 5K screens plus a laptop 's internal screen using just three DisplayPort streams instead of five . For now , though , if pushing two high-end 5K screens at once was a design goal for Apple , AMD was the only way to go .
Is it disappointing that Apple did n't decide to push the envelope a little more ? Sure . Is it too bad that performance and power efficiency were apparently sacrificed in the name of external display support ? Yes . Are these midrange GPUs in any way inconsistent with any MacBook Pro released in the last decade ? No .
Apple dropped Intel 's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup , resulting in performance improvements over previous models . Perhaps more interestingly , the switch to AMD provides expanded external display support that desktop users have patiently waited for.As Andrew Cunningham at Ars Technica explains , AMD 's Polaris-based Radeon Pro 450 , Radeon Pro 455 , and built-to-order Radeon Pro 460 GPUs in the new 15-inch MacBook Pro support up to six displays , whereas Intel 's integrated GPUs affixed to the logic board can drive a total of three displays.The expanded support enables the new MacBook Pro to drive two of Apple and LG 's new UltraFine 5K displays at 60Hz simultaneously . Intel 's GPUs ca n't because , due to bandwidth limitations of the DisplayPort 1.2 spec , the two 5K displays technically function as four displays . This method is known as Multi-Stream Transport ( MST ) .Apple could have used Nvidia 's faster Pascal-based GPUs , which support DisplayPort 1.3 , but Thunderbolt 3 and most monitors do not support the higher-bandwidth spec yet . In the meantime , Nvidia 's GPUs can only drive up to three displays beyond the main MacBook Pro screen — not enough for dual 5K displays over MST.In terms of performance improvements , Cunningham benchmarked the mid-range 2.7GHz 15-inch MacBook Pro with the Radeon Pro 455 graphics chip to determine just how much faster the notebook truly is compared to the 2016 12-inch MacBook and older MacBook Pros released over the past few years.He found the Radeon Pro 455 to be a `` significant boost '' over the built-to-order dedicated GPUs available in the 2012-2015 MacBook Pro models , namely the Nvidia GeForce GTX 650M , Nvidia GeForce GTX 750M , and AMD Radeon R9 M370X respectively , but said the new MacBook Pro remains unsuitable for high-end gaming and VR.Apple officially says the 15-inch MacBook Pro offers up to 130 % faster graphics performance , and up to 2.5x more computing power per watt , compared to the previous-generation 15-inch MacBook Pro , but those stats are based on the built-to-order Radeon Pro 460 chip that costs between $ 100 and $ 200 extra .
Tell us a bit about yourself and your last game Cavern Tavern .
Final Frontier Games is founded by four friends who enjoy board games . The team members are Ivana & Vojkan Krstevski , Toni Toshevski & Maja Matovska .
We are board game publishers from Macedonia . We published 2 games on the Macedonian market in order to get our feet wet in the industry , and to prepare ourselves as much as we can for publishing Cavern Tavern , our first international project .
Cavern Tavern is a worker ( dice ) placement game set in a fantasy world . It raised $ 107.000 in April 2016 and is now delivered to the backers all around the world as well as retail stores .
The players in Cavern Tavern assume the roles of workers in the tavern , who is run by Nasty the Dwarf . Their job is to serve drinks , work in the kitchen , do chores , and on top of that try to keep every guest happy , including the nasty and greedy barkeep .
The artwork of the game was done by Mihajlo Dimitrievski – The Mico , who also did the art for the North Sea Trilogy games , the card games Valeria , Game of Thrones – Hand of the King and many more games . Exceptional artist and a wonderful guy . We are extremely lucky to have him work on Cavern Tavern and our next projects .
Are there any pros and cons when launching a Kickstarter game from Macedonia .
Unfortunately , there are not many pros for launching a kickstarter game from Macedonia . On the contrary , a lot of cons .
First of all , Macedonia as a country is not allowed on Kickstarter , but thanks to the wonderful community that we are all part of , we managed to overcome this problem . Macedonia also has a very small board game community , so finding playtesters for our designs is a tricky job . We needed to invest ourselves , to convert a lot of people to gamers so we can “ use ” them in the future as playtesters .
Shipping review copies is also extremely expensive from here , and of course , Macedonia is not a famous country for publishing board games .
For some , only where we came from , was a red flag to reconsider if they wanted to back our project . We might say , that we were complete underdogs when we launched Cavern Tavern on Kickstarter . But , that only motivated us to run the best campaign we can and totally put ourselves in the project .
What did you do to build up a following before you launched your game ?
Even though most of the Kickstarter lessons out there do n't recommend Facebook as a promotional tool , we invested heavily on it and it did pay off . And to tell you the truth we were shocked that people were not recommending it , and still are not using Facebook to promote their games . It 's the cheapest , most effective way to reach your audience . It 's only a matter of creating a good promotional image , targeting the right audience and formulating the right message that will resonate with the gamers . Fortunately , we had past experience with social media advertising and we managed to use that knowledge on building a following of Cavern Tavern .
We started to promote the game around December 2015 , five months before the campaign , and mail subscriptions were our main goal . We had a promoted post on our Facebook page , almost every single day during the five months before the launch . When the campaign launched we just intensified these promotions on Facebook . Thanks to this , Cavern Tavern ended up with 2.000 backers . And it 's worth mentioning that besides Facebook , we did n't have any paid advertisement anywhere else . Not on BGG , not on KickTraq , nowhere… So Facebook is the best marketing tool that a creator can ask for . But , for our next project , we 'll definitely widen our paid advertisements , especially on BGG .
What is your best marketing tip ?
As mentioned above , Facebook gives everyone a very powerful tool to promote their work . It 's just a matter of using it properly . The more narrow the targeted audience the better the results . So my recommendation is , to think of what your audience is and think of ways how to find ( target ) them on Facebook . Many people make the mistake of not doing this right and then complain that they receive likes on their pages from the Philippines or some other country from South-East Asia . Or another example , they target only the USA and target fans of Board Games , but complain that their money was wasted and they have no interaction with their promoted content . The problem with just targeting fans of board games is that that target is around 5 million people in US alone and 50 million worldwide . 99,5 % of those 5 million have only played Monopoly in their life , maybe even Risk too . So when an advertisement for a game set in a fantasy pub with Halfling waiters shows up on their newsfeed do you really expect they interact with it ? No . The trick is finding your audience and serve them with relevant content for them .
And here is a little secret . It is way cheaper than everybody thinks . We spent more money to print and ship 10 copies of the game to reviewers then on Facebook advertising during the five months before launch .
If there was one thing you wish you knew before you launched , what would it be ?
If we knew how well the game will be received , we would have ordered more copies to be manufactured.We are proud of ourselves on the homework that we did for the game , but a small and stupid thing slip through . We were not aware that the box that fulfillment centers use to pack the game adds to the total value of the shipment . This mistake cost us a few thousand dollars , but we are not going to complain . This was our first project , a big game with over 250 components and had close to 2.000 backers . In the end everything went well .
When did you launch and why did you choose that exact moment ?
The date was not a coincidence and a lot of thought was put on when exactly we were going to launch the campaign . We researched the Kickstarter data for board games for weeks . Wednesday was the best day for launch . April was the most successful month for projects . So April 20th came out from this . But because all of this , we had to compete with other great games that launched around this period . Dark Souls the board game , if I 'm not mistaken the 3rd best board game project of all time , launched in the same period and a couple of other miniature games that competed for the same pool of backers .
Most backers pledge in the beginning and the end of the campaign . Whats your main tactic to handle the mid-campaign drop ?
Even though the mid-campaign drop is inevitable , we did n't have that big of a drop , comparing to the average of all the other board game campaigns , probably that is why CT ended so successfully . Our projections ( not from Kicktraq ) , according to the first 3 days , were that we would end up around $ 60k . But the mid-campaign period was pretty strong and we ended up with $ 107k .
We did this , by doubling the marketing budget during the mid-campaign period .
We also disbursed the reviews of the game . Half of them were published on day 1 of the campaign while the others during the mid-campaign period . For example , The Undead Viking review came out a week into the campaign , we had others who published them in the last week of the campaign . So we tried to keep the conversation active during the whole 30 day period .
But , from this perspective , I think it was the stretch goals . They proved to be the main fuel of our campaign and keep our backers enthusiastic , spread the word and bring their friends and convert them to backers . Every 3rd – 4th stretch goals was a big one . We prepared a lot of different stretch goals before the campaign , but we were also listening to the wishes of our backers and added things that they wanted and that were previously playtested . In the end , we unlocked solo mode , 6th player and an expansion of the game among others . These stretch goals kept the campaign active during the whole period .
Whats you tactic regarding stretch goals ?
Our main tactic is every 3rd or 4th stretch goal to be a big one in terms of the game . This takes a lot of planning , but can do wonders for the campaign . Also , when we were adding new stretch goals , we never added something that ca n't be achieved . This is really important when the campaign ends because once all the stretch goals are unlocked and there is none left , the backers feel a sense of completion . They do n't feel that something from the game is missing because that particular stretch goals was not unlocked .
We started the campaign by showing 5 stretch goals and the amount needed to achieve them . I know that a lot of creators do n't show stretch goals before the game is funded , but we had 2 reasons why we choose to show them from the beginning . First , it conveyed confidence to the backers that this game will fund , and that we had big plans for the game after it passes the funding goal . That our main focus are the stretch goals , not just the funding goal . And this is very important . Creator posture can make or break campaigns . Second , it showed what they can expect once that funding goal is passed . It adds to backers anticipation and excitement . We 'll definitely follow this recipe for our next projects .
Also , one of the stretch goals that was unlocked is an e-book inspired by the game . We did this with the purpose of worldbuilding because we want to explore different places in the Five Realms , the world in which Cavern Tavern was located . So we included information about this also , and what next is coming , where the story will progress… Even though this did n't affect the gameplay of Cavern Tavern we felt that we wanted to go one step further and make the experience even more immersive . We wanted everyone to fall in love with the characters .
What is the most important element of a Kickstarter page ?
I think those reading this will guess what our answer will be here . Stretch goals !
But , aside from stretch goals , the graphic design and the artwork that you show on the Kickstarter page is crucial . It shows your professionalism , your capabilities and the love that you put in the project . We were editing that page for over a month before we hit the launch button . First impression are everything . And if you do n't WOW them in those 3-6 seconds that it takes them to scroll from top to bottom of the page , you failed in your presentation . In those 3-6 seconds they 'll decide whether they will check out what kind of game this is , how is it played , maybe watch the video and hopefully check out the rulebook and hit that pledge button .
P.S . I ca n't believe that we are supposed to write this , but creators , please please do n't launch your campaign without a rulebook of your game . Let this be the most important element of a Kickstarter page .
Do you regret something you did on your last campaign ?
Yes . We should have contacted the distributors long before we gave the go ahead for production to start . Of all the information that we were reading about KS campaigns and game publishing in general , our brains must have rebooted somewhere and that information was stored as “ Contact distributors once the game is completed ! ” Nope , contact them right after you finish the campaign .
Second , if you are going to use pledge manager , contact them before you start the campaign , not afterwards .
After the kickstarter was over you launched Cavern Tavern on Indiegogo . Why did you do that and how was your experience doing that .
IndieGogo sent us the right email at the right time . They were rolling out a new feature called InDemand and we were invited to try it out . InDemand is a service where your campaign continues to live after the KS campaign , they even show how much you raised on Kickstarter . It 's a platform that you have complete control of , and can run for as long as you like .
We created all kinds of perks ( pledge levels ) , the addons found their place there , you can even create a secret perk , only visible to those with the link . So besides , adding the addons , we created secret perks for backers that wanted to upgrade to the game level , but were n't able during the Kickstarter campaign . Also , we used that platform as a preorder page for the retail version of the game . It went really smoothly , the backers were happy about that , and even though IndieGogo is way smaller than Kickstarter , the fact is they have their own audience , so we benefited with that also . We 'll probably use this again .
Do you have any role models in the board gaming industry ?
Because we are both designers and publishers , we would have to name Stefan Feld from a design perspective , because we love what he is doing with the dice in his designs .
As a company , we are really impressed how Czech Games Edition are working . They are a small company , but have a wonderful catalog of games .
Also , James Mathe and Jamey Stegmaier . Their work in Kickstarter education is unprecedented . I do n't think that you can find guys like this in any other industry who basically are helping their competitors . But , that 's what astonishing in this community , nobody sees others as competitors and everybody is trying to help each other . With Jamey and James at the helm of this knowledge and experience sharing . Because of these two guys , a lot of people , especially us , are working full time designing and publishing games . Because of these two guys , a lot of people , can put food on the table by working as board game designers and publishers .
Anything else you want to add ?
We are finishing with the playtests of our next title , the sequel of Cavern Tavern , called Rise to Nobility and we would like to use this opportunity to official promote the project .
Thanks to the peace that was brokered in Cavern Tavern between the six races of The Five Realms , the High Queen Tabita has commissioned a new city to be built , called Caveborn , where all the races will learn to live together in order to prevent another devastating war .
The location of this city was agreed upon in Cavern Tavern and some of the patrons heard about that , ran off to buy cheap pieces of land in order to make fortune when the construction of the city starts .
You will play the role as one of these guys . You 'll own a small piece of land in the newly built city , and your job is to rise from anonymity , make your way to the title of lord , and take over the head seat at the settlers ' council .
You will achieve this by upgrading your land and increasing its value , satisfying the demands of the settlers ' council , attracting and housing as many settlers as you can , accommodating their needs , finding them jobs , and helping them develop from apprentices to guild masters , thus insuring you have people in high places all around the city of Caveborn .
The game will be a worker ( dice ) placement game , with elements of city building and set collection .
Pretty soon we 'll start sharing more details about the game and your readers can stay in the loop on the following link . https : //www.facebook.com/risetonobility/
Advertisements
Indian media outlets are abuzz after Tim Cook 's maiden voyage to the country as CEO of Apple . Cook launched a new iOS accelerator in Bengaluru , and a Maps facility in Hyderabad that will create 4,000 jobs . The executive certainly created a lot of headlines here , thanks to his strategically planned visits to a temple , a Bollywood gala , and a cricket match . However , there was n't much in the way of how Apple would localize its products . We did n't get to hear if Apple would start assembling phones under the `` Make in India '' initiative — which will lead to a massive influx in jobs — and there was n't any mention of fixing the iPhone pricing problem . Meanwhile , Google is steadily rolling out new initiatives in the country , all aimed at ensuring that people making their way online for the first time make a smooth transition , and providing tools to empower them . Here 's what the search giant is up to in India .
Everyone gets free Wi-Fi
Google has teamed up with the Indian government to offer free high-speed public Wi-Fi across 400 train stations in India . The service is now live at 15 stations , with 300,000 users logging in to use free Wi-Fi every week . Google is on course to add Wi-Fi connectivity across 100 stations by the end of the year . The search giant also will cover 17 suburban train stations in Mumbai , from which more than 1.5 million people pass through every day . The service will be monetized in the future , but Google maintains that there will be a free tier that will offer unfettered access to the internet . Where do we go from here ?
Google Maps in India is excellent . If you 've ever been to India , you 'll know that the streets are an unmitigated disaster . Map tries to make sense of the mayhem , offering live traffic alerts and alternate routes , as well as the ability to add detours to your routes . There also is the ability to download areas for offline navigation , and you can book an Uber or Ola cab from within Maps . If you 've got the cab services ' apps installed , you will be able to see fare estimates and pick up times without having to exit Maps . Google has also tied up with the government to offer public alerts following the floods in Chennai . Watch YouTube anytime , anywhere
You 'll be hard pressed to find a stable cellular connection in most parts of India , which is why Google rolled out the ability to save YouTube videos offline . The feature lets you save YouTube videos on your device for offline viewing . You also have the option of choosing between standard or high definition quality settings when saving a video offline . Localization is key
Android 6.0 Marshmallow supports Unicode 7.0 , with more than 15 major Indian languages represented . If you 're looking to pick up an Android phone and your native tongue is Hindi , you wo n't face a steep learning curve , as most of the system menus and settings are displayed in your regional language . Local manufacturers have done a great job of communicating the language diversity on offer with the operating system . Then there 's the excellent ( and underrated ) Google Indic keyboard , which supports eleven local languages . You have the option of writing in your native language , or use English letters to transliterate . There 's handwriting mode as well , which currently works with Hindi . The Indic keyboard even has a dedicated number row , which only just made its debut in the regular Google Keyboard . Google 's voice search works with select Indian languages , and it is remarkably good at recognizing ( and distinguishing between ) local dialects . There 's a vibrant Translate community in India , which contributes to a bulk of the translation work that 's being carried out in the country . Google Assistant , which was showcased at I/O 2016 , has transliteration services baked in , and will offer the ability to communicate in Hinglish ( a mix of Hindi and English ) . The next billion
Building on its strategic partnership with North Carolina 's Appalachian Mountain Brewing ( AMB ) , Craft Brew Alliance ( CBA ) today announced it has signed an agreement to become the company 's master distributor .
The new agreement will give the smaller brewer access to CBA 's nationwide network of Anheuser-Busch wholesalers in exchange for an undisclosed per-case distribution fee .
As part of the agreement , AMB will become an “ alliance brand , ” and CBA – which already owns and produces the Widmer , Redhook , Kona and Omission line of beers — will assume responsibility for marketing , selling and distributing AMB 's core brands , including Long Leaf IPA , Honey Badger Blonde Ale , Black Gold Porter , as well as selections from the company 's small batch series .
“ When looking at ways to expand this partnership , there were a number of things we were looking at , ” said Andy Thomas , the CEO of CBA . “ The obvious first thing is helping AMB grow distribution and the most elegant way to do that is through this master distribution agreement . It was a logical step . ”
AMB CEO Sean Spiegelman said the company did not sell equity in exchange for access to CBA 's wholesaler network and management capabilities . Both Thomas and Spiegelman discussed the possibility for a future equity transaction during a phone interview with Brewbound .
“ There are a lot of things happening in the beer industry now , ” Spiegelman said , referring to the recent surge in craft acquisitions . “ At the end of the day , for me representing AMB and Andy representing CBA , both of us do n't see the need of getting into a conversation about what type of equity would be on the table at this point . For us to partner in this way does n't require an equity swap . ”
Echoing those words , Thomas said the latest agreement will enable AMB to remain “ local , authentic and independent . ”
“ We believe in all of those things and we are trying to be more pragmatic about it , ” he said . “ We will continue to watch how the relationship develops . I do n't want to say that it will never happen or that we are against it . ”
So what 's in it for CBA in the short term ? Growing its partnership with AMB will give the company a more “ deeply rooted ” connection to one of its most important states – North Carolina .
“ Widmer Brothers will never be as locally relevant in North Carolina as AMB can be , ” said Thomas . “ We do n't have a brand in our portfolio that behaves the way AMB can behave . We believe that local should be authentic and real and we are not going to create a brand in a conference room to do that . ”
In other words , Thomas believes adding AMB to the portfolio will improve CBA 's chances of putting both Long Leaf and Long Hammer ( and Longboard ? ) on tap in North Carolina and beyond .
“ There is a reason why Sierra Nevada and New Belgium are there now , ” Thomas said . “ It is one of the fastest growing craft beer states and it is a top 10 beer state . I am confident that focusing on North Carolina and the high country and the Appalachian Mountain region will allow both of us to generate serious business results in the coming years . ”
CBA said it would also look to extend the partnership with contract brewing opportunities , raw ingredient procurement and recipe development .
“ We are pretty hard at work trying to understand the core brands that AMB is commercializing and trying to make available to the people , ” said Thomas . “ I would hope that before the end of the year , we are brewing in one of our breweries . ”
CBA 's Portsmouth facility is currently leading that process , Thomas said .
Both Thomas and Spiegelman said the two companies would continue to assess the long-term growth opportunities and look for additional ways to expand the partnership .
“ I think this is beyond geography , ” said Thomas . “ It is people , culture and brand . I feel like I have been working with Sean for the better part of my career . Our cultures mesh , we share similar values and we want to get the same things done . ”
A full press release is included below .
Portland , OR and Boone , NC ( March 31 , 2015 ) – Craft Brew Alliance , Inc. ( “ CBA ” ) ( Nasdaq : BREW ) , a leading craft brewing company , announced today it will distribute beers for NC-based Appalachian Mountain Brewery , Inc. ( OTC : HOPS ) as part of a master distribution agreement between both brewing companies . The distribution agreement marks the next phase in CBA 's strategic partnership with the fast-growing NC brewery , and will help extend AMB 's reach in time for North Carolina Beer Month .
“ We are committed to bringing distinctive , authentic craft beers and brands that are rooted in community and local heritage to beer lovers across the United States . North Carolina is one of the fastest-growing craft beer states , and the opportunity for Appalachian Mountain Brewery – which is loved just as much for its delicious brews as its leadership in sustainability and community involvement – is tremendous , ” said Andy Thomas , chief executive officer , CBA . “ We are thrilled to be collaborating with them to bring their beers to more consumers through this distribution agreement , and look forward to continuing to build on our partnership in the future . ”
As part of the distribution arrangement , CBA will market , sell , and distribute Appalachian Mountain Brewery 's Long Leaf IPA , Honey Badger Blond Ale , Black Gold Porter , as well as beers from the brewery 's Small Batch Series , exclusively through CBA wholesalers . The beers will continue to be brewed at Appalachian Mountain Brewery 's facility in Boone , and will be available in draught and 16oz can package . The two companies are also discussing opportunities to leverage CBA 's brewing capacity to increase production of Appalachian Mountain Brewery 's beers to make them available to consumers throughout the Appalachian region before the end of 2015 .
“ CBA has built a phenomenal national network with its wholesaler partners , and we could n't be more excited to become a part of it as we continue to grow our business , ” said Sean Spiegelman , chief executive officer , Appalachian Mountain Brewery . “ Through this agreement , we expect that AMB beer sales will grow exponentially as we increase distribution in key regions . With NC Beer Month around the corner , we 're looking forward to getting more of our beers into beer lovers ' hands across the state . ”
CBA and Appalachian Mountain Brewery entered into a strategic partnership in December 2014 . The two brewing companies were introduced after the NC brewery won the Startup Brewery Challenge hosted by Brewbound in Boston . CBA is a four-time sponsor of the contest , in which craft brewery owners have three minutes to present their business models and pour one beer that receives immediate feedback from an expert panel of judges . Following the Challenge , CBA and Appalachian Mountain Brewery had an opportunity to work together on a collaboration beer , and it was during this experience that the companies discovered a strong cultural similarity and mutual interest in exploring a longer-term partnership that would align with both companies ' values and business objectives .
About Craft Brew Alliance
CBA is a leading craft brewing company , which brews , brands and markets some of the world 's most respected and best-loved American craft beers . The company is home to three of the earliest pioneers in craft beer : Redhook Ale Brewery , Washington 's largest craft brewery founded in 1981 ; Widmer Brothers Brewing , Oregon 's largest craft brewery founded in 1984 ; and Kona Brewing Company , Hawaii 's oldest and largest craft brewery founded in 1994 . As part of Craft Brew Alliance , these craft brewing legends have expanded their reach across the U.S. and more than 15 international markets .
In addition to growing and nurturing distinctive brands rooted in local heritage , Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders , such as Omission Beer , which is the # 1 beer in the gluten free beer segment , and Square Mile Cider , a tribute to the early American settlers who purchased the first plots of land in the Pacific Northwest .
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW , Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland , OR and operates five breweries and five pub restaurants across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands , please visit www.craftbrew.com .
About Appalachian Mountain Brewery , Inc .
We , together with our wholly owned subsidiaries , own and operate Appalachian Mountain Brewery , Inc. Appalachian Mountain Brewery not only makes seriously delicious craft beer , but focuses its business model on community , sustainability and philanthropy . In 2014 , AMB participated in the Brewbound Session Boston “ Start Up Brewery Challenge ” hosted by Craft Brew Alliance ( Nasdaq : BREW ) and ultimately won the Challenge . AMB also won a silver medal for its Smokey Mountain Schwartz and a Bronze medal for its Crooked Common in the 2014 U.S. Open Beer Championships . Additionally , AMB earned two Gold Medals and won the overall categories in the 2013 U.S. Open Beer Championship for its Honey Badger Blonde Ale and California Common .
FarmToFlame , LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary whose primary function is service at AMB . It is a food truck that features a unique wood fired oven in the truck . This allows AMB to enhance its experience for customers with a casual dining experience that balances innovation and sustainability . FarmToFlame , LLC has been officially certified by ASAP ( Appalachian Sustainable Agriculture Project ) www.asapconnections.org www.appalachiangrown.org as an AG Partner . It is a prestigious accomplishment for FarmToFlame , LLC to become officially certified as a Western North Carolina grown and produced product . www.f2flame.com
Appalachian Mountain Cidery is a DBA under Appalachian Mountain Brewery , LLC . It expects to begin selling its hard cider line in Q2 of 2015 . It currently leased approximately 3,300 square feet of operation space in Boone , NC to begin operations of hard cider using 3rd Generation locally grown North Carolina apples . The production facility will operate ( 4 ) 10-barrel fermenters , ( 4 ) 10-barrel single wall brite tanks and ( 1 ) 20-barrel jacketed brite tank . It has been officially certified by ASAP ( AppalachianSustainableAgricultureProject ) www.asapconnections.org www.appalachiangrown.org as an AG Partner . It is a prestigious accomplishment for the company to become officially certified as a Western North Carolina grown and produced product .
All of our operations are conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries , each of which is incorporated or qualified to do business in the states in which it does so .
IEM was your first offline event together . You added up MoMa , who had played for SK for some weeks , and nRated , ex-Acer player . How is it going ?
`` It was a good opportunity for us to meet MoMa again . We met nRated a lot of times like at WCG . At the moment , I can not be more happy than now with such a team . I enjoy every single match I play with them and hope it will keep going . ''
You were invited at the last minute , how did you prepare for a big event such as the IEM WC ?
`` We did n't prepare as much as we would have loved to , but we were on a rampage spree in online events . I believe we could have worked more to get the US metagame a bit less dark for us , but overall we were ready for it . ''
What do you think went wrong for you to not succeed in getting into the final , because you have done well in the Group stage ?
`` We got totally surprised by the US metagame , expected something more common , but we totally screwed up there . We know what we did wrong , and hope to fix/train for IPL4 coming up ! ''
Do you think it was enough , I mean are you guys satisfatied with 4th ?
`` With the lack of preparation , we are satisfatied . We could have done better , but we already got the chance to go ! ''
What do you think about event ? What were the highs and lows of it ? Is there anything that you would change in the event ? If yes , what ?
`` I would change the result obviously , but overall it 's still a pleasure . The scene , the hotel , the country ... It 's only an awesome experience . ''
I presume , your next big event will be IPL and to Hear to Win Cup ? What do you have in mind ?
`` We want to play more against US teams , and it 's the perfect occasion for it . We will come back stronger from IPL4 , and that 's good for the end of the season . ''
Any team in both events that you think are the most dangerous ?
`` Dignitas showed that they are not there for no reason and M5 still a * * * * russian op team ! More competition is always more fun . ''
Anything else you want to add ? Or say something to your fans that visit our website .
`` Do n't know if I have any fans here , but I would like to say thanks to our sponsors Roccat and Winamax , aAa structure , aAa managers and of course my awesome teammates ! Special shoutout to Ocelote Morgana video guide ! ( love u brah ; D ) ''
Indeed you do . Thanks Linak and I wish good luck for the upcoming events !
A Dutch security researcher has found a serious vulnerability in a part of solar panels , that , if exploited , could cause widespread outages in European power grids .
Willem Westerhof , a cybersecurity researcher at ITsec , discovered a vulnerability in so-called inverters , an essential part of solar panels that converts direct current to alternating current . According to Volkskrant , the Dutch newspaper that first reported this story , Westerhof claims that the vulnerability can be found in thousands of internet-connected inverters throughout Europe .
Like with other vulnerable Internet of Things devices , hackers could take control of a large number of inverters and switch them off simultaneously , causing an imbalance in the powergrid that can knock out electricity in large parts of Europe .
To get a sense of the scale of the problem : The poorly secured inverters Westerhof researched manage around 17 gigawatts of power . If a hacker were to shut off all them in one go , the results could be pretty catastrophic .
Volkskrant reports that in 2006 , large parts of Europe went dark when a high voltage power line in Germany was disconnected and the power grid had to deal with a five gigawatt shortage . Capital cities like Paris and Madrid spent hours without power because of that incident . Now multiply that by three and you 'll see that this could be a problem .
Westerhof found the vulnerabilities in inverters made by the German market leader SMA . He reported them before Christmas 2016 , and SMA invited him to discuss his findings . More than six months later , the company has barely addressed the issue , according to the researcher .
SMA denied that its inverters are not properly secured . The company told Volkskrant 's journalists that the vulnerabilities only affect a limited range of products and that they 're working on technical corrections .
These inverters are just another example of the internet of shit , a catch-all term to describe poorly designed or secured devices connected to the internet . And with solar panels becoming ever more popular , we have another worry to add to the already extensive list of devices we will have to secure .
Almost instant update : Minutes after hitting publish , Westerhof launched a website detailing the vulnerability and how an attack could play out . He 's calling it the Horus Scenario , after the Egyptian deity , and uses the website to prove that this cyberattack can indeed lead to pretty terrible consequences . “ In the worst case scenario , a 3 hour power outage across Europe , somewhere mid day on June is estimated to cause +/- 4.5 billion euros of damage , ” he writes . Read more at horusscenario.com .
Read next : How Indian startups are learning from Silicon Valley scandals
My Secret Santa went so far beyond any of my expectations and got me a box of goodies relating to many things that I enjoy ! Charlie Brown DVD 's and pajama pants . Ohio State gloves , socks , and shirt . An awesome kryptek camo hat and camo gloves . Two-Star Wars keychains and a Kylo Ren Funko Pop bobblehead . The Funko Pop is something I 've been wanting to get and see what the craze is about , but just never picked one up , so I am very glad my Santa included that ! There were even Bruins socks in the box because I love hockey and my Santa is from Massachusetts . I do n't cheer for the Bruins but I will definitely wear them because of the cool story about how I got them . All of this is amazing and I am beyond thrilled ! Thanks so much !
Today 's post marks a slight detour for the aroma chemistry series . So far , we 've look mainly at pleasant aromas , but today we turn to a major malodour : that of toilets , and , more specifically , human waste . It might seem like something of a childish subject , but there are some interesting chemical compounds present in the materials we expel from our bodies . There are are also reasons to examine these compounds , as we 'll discover .
First , we should briefly discuss what makes up faeces and urine . Both consist primarily of water , with the exact water content being variable . For faeces , the remainder is a mix of bacterial biomass from the gut , proteins and nitrogen-containing compounds , and other undigested matter . Urine contains a variety of dissolved organic solids , with urea being the major constituent of these , at over 50 % . Urea is a colourless and odourless solid , which our body uses to dispose of ammonia , which is itself produced as a result of the metabolism of proteins .
What is it , then , that makes human waste smell ? There are actually a variety of chemical constituents that contribute , which can , for the most part , be placed broadly into three groups : fatty acids , sulfur-containing compounds , and nitrogen-containing compounds . Of these three , fatty acids tend to be present in faeces in the highest concentrations .
A variety of fatty acids have been detected in the odour of human faeces ; the major one of these is ethanoic ( acetic ) acid , which of course is more commonly known as vinegar . However , its contribution to the overall odour is low . Much more important are the longer chain fatty acids , butanoic ( butyric ) and pentanoic ( valeric ) acid . Butanoic acid is actually the main odour-causing component of human vomit , to give you an idea of its aroma . Pentanoic acid has a similarly unpleasant smell , and the two together give a ‘ farmyard'-like smell . This is also contributed to by a compound that does n't fit into the three categories , para-cresol , which is also a major player in the odour of pigs .
Whilst the fatty acids may have the higher concentrations , what 's more important when it comes to smell is a compound 's ‘ odour threshold ' . This is the concentration of the compound necessary for the human nose to detect it . For sulfur-containing compounds , this threshold is very low indeed , meaning even a small amount of them can be detected by our noses . Sulfur-containing compounds such as hydrogen sulfide and methanethiol ( both also main constituents of flatulence ) are the primary contributors to unpleasant faecal odours .
The final group , the nitrogen-containing compounds , are unusual in that for some of them , their smell is actually different at different concentrations . Indole and the appropriately-named skatole are both found in human excrement , and contribute animalistic , faecal odours . However , at very low concentrations , both have pleasant , floral odours , and are even found in some flowers , and used in perfumes . Whilst we still do n't know about all the nuances of our sense of smell , it 's theorised that this is because it binds to different olfactory receptors in our noses at different concentrations – binding preferentially to one at low concentrations , and to another , through another part of the molecule , at higher concentrations .
Other nitrogen-containing compounds are found in urine . A large number of different compounds can affect the smell of urine , and it can be influenced by diet ( as people who 've experienced the effects of eating asparagus can attest ) . Whilst the urea in urine is odourless , it can quickly break down into other nitrogen-containing compounds , such as ammonia and trimethylamine . Ammonia has a pungent smell , but a higher odour threshold than trimethylamine , which has a fishy odour – and is in fact the compound responsible for the smell of fish . These compounds are continuously created as urea breaks down , which explains why stale urine smells much worse than fresh urine .
At this point you might well be wondering why we 'd want to know so much about the chemical causes of the foul smell of human waste . There is , of course , one obvious reason : the more we know about the chemicals that cause the odour , the better air fresheners we can design to combat and neutralise it . Anyone who 's ever used a portable toilet at a festival will appreciate the benefits there .
Additionally , we may be able to discern information about a person 's health from the odour of their faeces . Unpleasant though it sounds , chemists have carried out studies in which they have tried to tie concentrations of some of these volatile compounds to incidence of disease in the test subjects , to try and develop new methods for diagnosis of conditions like cancer and liver disorders .
Enjoyed this post & graphic ? Consider supporting Compound Interest on Patreon , and get previews of upcoming posts & more !
The graphic in this article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License . See the site 's content usage guidelines .
References & Further Reading
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
The Algebra of Types
Justin Hewlett Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 8 , 2017
Static types can really aid in designing software , especially if your type system has good facilities for composing those types .
A case study
Let 's say we want to define a binary tree . Each node in a binary tree consists of an element and 0–2 children . Here 's how we could define a tree of integers in Haskell :
data Tree = Empty
| Node Tree Int Tree
This syntax may not be familiar , so let 's break it down . We are defining a custom data type called Tree . The | ( read “ or ” ) indicates that there are two variants . We are recursively defining a Tree to be either Empty or Node .
Empty is the base case of our recursive definition , and represents an empty tree . It does n't have any other data associated with it .
Node is the recursive part of our definition , and consists of Tree , an Int , and a Tree ( the left subtree , current element , and right subtree , respectively ) .
We can create a tree with one element , a 3 , as follows :
tree = Node Empty 3 Empty
Adding a 4 to the right looks like this :
tree ' = Node Empty 3 ( Node Empty 4 Empty )
Algebraic Data Types
Tree is an example of an Algebraic Data Type ( ADT ) . ADTs can further be classified as sum and product types .
Product types
A product type is a combination of several values , or fields . Node above is an example of a product type . In this case , the fields are the left subtree , the current element , and the right subtree . ( Think this and that , a boolean AND . )
Classes in an OO language are also examples of product types .
Sum types
A sum type is a set of multiple cases . Each of the cases may have some data associated with it . Tree above is a sum type , because it 's either Empty or Node . ( Think this or that , a boolean OR . )
Enums are the closest thing to sum types in an OO language . Enums can express variants , but ca n't associate data with the different cases .
Types as building blocks
We can compose our types using sums and products , like building blocks , to create new types . This allows us to precisely and succinctly model our domain . Let 's look at another example to see how we might combine types together :
data Result = Success
| Error String
This type allows us to model the result of a computation that might fail . In the case of an error , we will provide an error message . Result is a sum type ( Success or Error ) , while Error String is a product type .
Conclusion
Not all static type systems are created equal . The Javas of the world provide product types in the form of classes , but do n't provide first-class support for sum types . This limits what you can express in your types .
To play around with ADTs , take a look at OCaml , F # , Haskell , Rust , Swift , or even TypeScript . It will change the way you approach modelling your domain .
If you enjoyed this story , we recommend reading our latest tech stories and trending tech stories . Until next time , do n't take the realities of the world for granted !
Vancouver , B.C . – The Vancouver Canucks announced today the selection of Thomas Gradin for induction into the club 's Ring of Honour . The Vancouver Canucks will celebrate Gradin 's Ring of Honour Night , presented by Save-On-Foods , Monday , January 24th during a pre-game ceremony at Rogers Arena prior to Vancouver 's game versus Dallas . The former Canucks centreman becomes the third Ring of Honour inductee after original franchise captain , Orland Kurtenbach and former Canucks goaltender Kirk McLean were unveiled earlier this season .
One of Vancouver 's first European-born players , Gradin played eight of his nine NHL seasons in a Vancouver Canucks uniform from 1978.79 to 1985.86 . He finished second in scoring in his rookie season , recording 51 points ( 20-31-51 ) in 76 regular season games played . During his rookie postseason , he led all Canucks skaters in scoring with five points ( 4-1-5 ) in three playoff games played . He left Vancouver as the highest scoring centreman in franchise history with 550 points ( 197-353-550 ) in 613 regular season games and 38 points ( 17-21-38 ) in 38 playoff games played for the Canucks .
Gradin led the Canucks in scoring twice , from 1980-1982 and was named an NHL All-Star in 1985 . He helped Vancouver to its first ever Stanley Cup Final appearance in 1982 when he registered a team-high 19 points ( 9-10-19 ) in 17 playoff games played . In Vancouver 's first Stanley Cup Final game versus the New York Islanders , Gradin tied a franchise record for most points in a playoff game when he registered three points ( 2-1-3 ) in a 6-5 loss .
During his time as a member of the Canucks , the Solleftea , Sweden , native set a number of franchise records . In 1981.82 he became the first Canucks player to register 80 points in a single season , finishing the year with 86 points ( 37-49-86 ) . He became the Canucks all-time leading scorer with his 408th point , Jan. 4/84 , passing former leading scorer Don Lever , and on Mar . 8/85 became the first member of the Canucks to register 500 NHL points .
Gradin played a total of 677 NHL games , retiring with the Boston Bruins . He recorded 593 points ( 209-384 ) during his tenure in the NHL , including three 30+ goal seasons . The skilled forward was originally selected by the Chicago Blackhawks 45th overall in the 1976 NHL Amateur Draft . Gradin currently works as Associate Chief Amateur Scout for the Vancouver Canucks . He has served more than 15 years in a scouting capacity for Vancouver , originally starting as an amateur scout in the 1994.95 season .
The Ring of Honour tradition launched this season celebrates and salutes Canucks heroes who have made a lasting impact on the franchise . A total of four members will be inducted this season with one remaining inductee still to be announced . Ring of Honour candidates are selected by an advisory committee including former player and current Senior Advisor to the General Manager , Stan Smyl , Hockey Hall of Fame broadcaster , Jim Robson and former Canucks staff member of over 30 years , Norm Jewison .
Further information about the Ring of Honour and the Canucks 40th Anniversary season , can be found at Canucks.com/40th .
The next time you feel angry at a friend who has let you down , or grateful toward one whose generosity has surprised you , consider this : you may really be bargaining for better treatment from that person in the future . According to a controversial new theory , our emotions have evolved as tools to manipulate others into cooperating with us .
Until now , most psychologists have viewed anger as a way to signal your displeasure when another person do you harm . Similarly , gratitude has been seen as a signal of pleasure when someone do you a favour . In both cases , emotions are seen as short-term reactions to an immediate benefit or cost .
But it 's more cunning than that , says John Tooby , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of California , Santa Barbara . Anger , he says , has as much to do with cooperation as with conflict , and emotions are used to coerce others into cooperating in the long term .
Tooby and his colleagues think that our anger or gratitude reflect our judgement of how much the other person is sacrificing enough for us – and whether they will continue to do so in future .
Advertisement
For instance , you might feel angry towards a friend who broke a dinner date to watch a TV programme , but not at one who did so to take his child to the hospital . Tooby points out that the harm to you is the same in each case , but the first friend 's behaviour indicates his low regard for your interests – triggering anger – while the second friend 's does not .
Motivation matters
As another example , an unpublished study by Tooby 's colleague Julian Lim found that 296 student volunteers were more willing to cooperate with an unseen partner when that partner had forgone a profit to give them money . This gratitude was absent when the partner gave them the same amount of money not as a favour but to avoid paying a penalty , Lim reported last month at a meeting of the Human Behavior and Evolution Society in Eugene , Oregon .
All this suggests that anger and gratitude – and perhaps other emotions , too – may be tools for turning up a partner 's mental cooperation control dial , says Tooby 's colleague Aaron Sell . You get angry not when someone hurts you , but when their actions betray a setting of their cooperation dial that is lower than you expect , and your anger is both a threat to turn down your own dial and an inducement to them to turn theirs up . You show gratitude not when someone benefits you , but when their dial is set higher than you expect , and this signals that you plan to turn yours up in response .
Their hypothesis is not yet fleshed out , and the team still has to show that these emotional reactions really do tune the partner 's cooperation control dial as they predict – but they say they have experiments in the pipeline which do just that .
Strength and beauty
Preliminary evidence is consistent with the idea , however . Psychological tests of 281 university students revealed that those with a stronger sense of entitlement tended to be more anger-prone , as one would predict if they expected others to set their cooperation dials higher .
Stronger men and more attractive women were quicker to anger , too , Sell reported last year ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0904312106 ) . Although stronger men would n't necessarily have any reason to expect better treatment in modern society , in the past they would have been desirable mates – as attractive women may still be – and so may have a stronger sense of entitlement .
And a wealth of evidence – some of it presented at last month 's meeting , and some still unpublished – suggests that the cooperation control dial , or “ welfare trade-off ratio ” , is a real part of our mental make-up , says Tooby .
Others in the field remain unpersuaded . “ Whether [ anger ] constitutes some form of negotiation is a just-so story , ” says Michael Lewis , a developmental psychologist at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in New Brunswick , New Jersey . “ They certainly do n't have any strong evidence to support that claim . ”
And beware of experiments using university students , warns Joe Henrich , an evolutionary anthropologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada . Tests have shown that North American university students are some of the least typical people on the planet , psychologically speaking : “ If you 're going to build a theory of human nature , university students might be the worst population to use , ” he says .
The locker stall inside the Washington Capitals ' practice facility remained untouched for six months while its occupant healed , but now defenseman John Erskine had returned , which by itself was cause for celebration . His body felt strong . His surgically repaired neck had n't locked up , at least not today . He sat down , grabbed his biceps and smiled to provide proof .
“ My arm 's not looking so much like a toothpick arm anymore , ” he said .
Last October , Erskine underwent a procedure to repair a disk in his neck , because his strength — such a vital component of the big-bodied blue-liner 's game — had disappeared . Opponents spun away from his checks along the boards . He went from bench-pressing 100-pound dumbbells to laboring to lift 30-pounders . He looked into the future , beyond his playing career , and decided surgery was the best option . It meant shutting down for a while , so maybe he could play again later .
But look at Erskine now , skating and lifting on this Tuesday afternoon in March , regaining strength and recovering confidence , happy to be back among teammates and , quite possibly , taking his last crack at the NHL . In June , Erskine will turn 35 , around the same time his two-year deal will expire and he will enter unrestricted free agency . He tasted retirement in Kingston , Ontario , 500 miles from his teammates in Arlington , and enjoyed the extra family time , but he hated watching hockey on television . He dreaded missing out . He wanted to get back .
“ When I do retire , I want to continue doing something in hockey , ” Erskine said . “ I do n't want to stay at home or do nothing . I want to keep myself busy . I got a taste of it . I like being here , being in the routine , coming , seeing the guys at the rink . . . . I 'd rather leave on good terms . But in the long run my health is going to be number one . ”
Post Sports Live discusses the Capitals ' recent upswing and whether it matters for the playoffs if the team wins the division or a wild-card spot . ( Post Sports Live/The Washington Post )
Balancing these conflicting desires led Erskine to buy the NHL Network package so he could watch the Capitals . It moved him to help coach his 6-year-old son 's hockey team , so he could stay close to the game . But Paxton Erskine started wondering why his father , supposedly a professional hockey player , spent his nights standing on benches in Ontario .
“ Daddy , ” Erskine recalled him saying with a laugh , “ you do n't play in the NHL . You 're chicken . ”
“ No , ” Erskine would reply . “ I 'm hurt . I 'm not chicken . ”
The absence frustrated him at times , but his wife , Karie , was also pregnant with their third child , so having an extra helper around allowed her to rest . And in the end , Erskine needed time off too , away from the physicality around which he had built a 12-season career . Playing this season seems impossible , not with the soreness he still feels after shooting pucks , not with him still navigating the sweet spot between pushing himself and having the neck stiffen from overuse .
He began rehabilitation roughly two months after surgery , but did n't step onto the ice until March 12 , his first day back in Arlington . He surprised himself with how naturally his skills returned , but he would still need a full month from now to return to game shape , and by then the Capitals might have reached the second round of the playoffs or ended their season .
“ It sets me up for being healthy after hockey , I think , ” he said . “ Whether I can do contact or my neck can hold up in contact , that 's another story . That 's why I want to get into some practices and do contact . If my neck 's locking up just after doing shots , I think I 'm still a ways away . ”
Tuesday morning , before the Capitals began practice , Erskine skated beside forward Jay Beagle , the only injured player on the active roster , and joked with Coach Barry Trotz about keeping up beside the speedster .
Post Sports Live debates Alex Ovechkin 's chances of winning the Hart Memorial Trophy again and whether the Capitals left wing is even the most valuable member of his team . ( Post Sports Live/The Washington Post )
“ You 're in paradise again , ” Trotz told him .
On that first day , though , he worked alone . He cruised around the ice , gliding backward slowly at first , then gathering speed and whipping shots into the net . Once , he leaned against the crossbar and rested his head atop his stick . He looked out onto the open ice , empty except for three pucks and the trails etched by his skates . He caught his breath , scooped up a puck and went back to work .
“ You 're going to the rink every morning , talking with the guys , working out on the ice , ” Erskine said . “ I missed that for a long time . Just to come back and see the guys , I think they were pretty excited when they saw me come back . It was a good feeling . I want to get back to the ice playing with the guys , but this is the next best thing , I guess . ”
When Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X met for the first time in 1964 , the moment went down in civil rights history . When , on the anniversary of that meeting , a local artist and community activist painted a picture of them and late mayor-for-life Marion Barry on the side of the Mart Liquor store in Congress Heights , it was n't quite so successful .
“ It looked like cartoon characters , ” Ward 8 activist Sandra Seegars says . “ It did n't resemble any of them . It looked awful . ”
Following only a couple of days and hubbub from Congress Heights activists , the mural , painted by a local artist , is being taken down and will likely be repainted .
Even mural painter Tendani Mpulubusi El was dissatisfied with the final project , calling it “ unsatisfactory. ” But he says he 's not to blame—he needs more money to get the faces right . Mpulubusi El , who was given $ 1,500 as part of the District government-backed Art All Night program , says he needed around $ 7,000 to hire other artists to do the facial detail work and get the equipment he needed . He describes himself as primarily a background artist ( samples of his work can be found here ) , and does n't usually do faces on such a large scale .
The reduced budget left everyone dissatisfied with the final product . But the consequences could have been much worse : Mpulubusi El claims the limited budget left him scared for his safety , at one point stranded 20 feet in the air . “ I had to climb down . The ladder was n't working right , ” he says , “ and the ground was n't level enough to put equipment on . ”
According to Monica Ray , the president of the Congress Heights Community Training and Development Corporation , the finished mural did n't look at all similar to the sample they were provided . It will be replaced by a mural closer to that sample image . It 's unclear whether Mpulubusi El will help out , although he hopes someone will be able to repaint the faces .
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama -- The Birmingham City Council has approved an ordinance to allow open air entertainment districts , relaxing rules on open alcohol containers outside venues .
No specific district was created today , but the ordinance sets up rules where businesses could apply for the designation .
The districts would allow patrons to walk from venue to venue with open containers along a designated block or street .
The proposal , which passed unanimously , was proposed by Councilman Johnathan Austin , chairman of the Public Safety Committee .
Austin has previously named Lakeview as a good place to start . The area 's layout of bars , clubs and restaurants is the easiest to define and regulate in the city , he said .
Other possible districts could include the new Uptown district around the BJCC , Five Points South and the Parkside area around Railroad Park and Regions Field .
Austin said the new rules would help Birmingham remain competitive with other cities . Legislation creating districts specifically for Montgomery passed in 2010 .
Birmingham 's ordinance comes after broader 2012 rules passed in the Legislature gave the city the option of creating its own districts .
Austin has cited Birmingham 's success with street festivals where areas are blocked off and people are allowed to walk with drink cups and cans . The designations could create a similar scene , he said .
June 1 's launch of the new Cub Scout program is approaching fast .
Feeling less than prepared ? The CubCast team hears you . That 's why in the March 2015 edition the hosts and their guest discuss how Cubmasters and den leaders can get ready for the new Cub Scout program .
Talk about perfect timing .
The guest : Ken King , a volunteer from the Three Fires Council in St. Charles , Ill. King was a member of the task force that conceived and designed the new Cub Scout program materials that will be released in May and become active on June 1 , 2015 . ( Bryan on Scouting readers should remember King 's name . )
You really should take 14 minutes to listen to the March 2015 CubCast . These podcasts keep getting better and better and have become essential listening for Scout leaders .
Still need convincing ? Check out seven things I learned about the new Cub Scout program by listening .
7 . The program materials debut May 1 .
That 'll give you plenty of time to check out the actual materials you 'll use with your Cub Scouts . ( You can also see a ton of content now at the BSA 's Program Updates page . )
“ Pick up a copy of the youth handbook that you 'll be working with and the den leader guide that you 'll need and spend some time reviewing , ” King says , “ because the den leader guide will map out how to deliver a den meeting in great detail . ”
6 . The new Cub Scout program will cost the same ( or maybe less ) .
This should please a lot of you .
“ The number of adventure loops required is approximately the same as the number of academic and sports loops that are earned by boys right now , ” King says . “ The new program wo n't be appreciably different , and some calculations suggest it will be a little bit less than what it is right now . ”
5 . You wo n't need a ton of extra materials .
You “ do n't need to buy additional resources — things like the Group Meeting Sparklers , the Cub Scout Songbook , ( and ) the How-to Book of Cub Scouting , ” King says . “ They 're all still available as extra resource materials , but everything is contained in one single den leader guide . ”
4 . Overall pack meeting structure will look the same .
You 'll “ be familiar with it , ” King says . You 've “ had experience with pack meetings but , some things we 've developed to help them be more successful is we have a team that 's putting together new pack meeting plans . ”
So it 's the same , only a lot better .
3 . There are more opportunities for immediate recognition .
Cub Scout-age boys love instant recognition . That 's been a standard at den meetings , and now it 's more true at pack meetings , too .
“ There 's also more opportunities for recognition during pack meetings , ” King says , “ depending on how the pack wants to organize that , boys can be recognized consistently , which will encourage them to be involved in the pack meetings and bring their families in to celebrate their successes . ”
2 . The transition from old to new is actually really easy .
“ Starting on June 1 , if you 're a new Tiger , a Wolf , Bear , or starting the Webelos program , just use the new program materials that are in the handbooks and materials , ” King says . “ They 're designed to make it easy to use , and when they finish their current level of program , they can just step into the next step without any problem . ”
Easy is good .
1 . Boys working on Arrow of Light can use new or old .
Options are good .
“ Boys that 'll be working on their Arrow of Light ” later this year have two choices , King says . “ They can keep using the current program , or they have the additional option that they can apply some of their previously earned Webelos-level recognitions and their activity badges ; some of those can be used for advancement in the new system . ”
Hear or read the March 2015 CubCast
This list is just the beginning . Hear the full CubCast here . Or read it here .
“ If you let boys be boys , they will murder their fathers and sleep with their mothers. ” This shocking statement came from Stephen Marche 's recent New York Times column , titled “ The Unexamined Brutality of the Male Libido . ”
Marche 's column shows that , after the unfolding of waves of sexual harassment scandals , the radical left 's moral signaling has reached a new height . It 's not enough to call all men pigs . The radical left wants to condemn all boys , too .
What 's their proposed remedy to cure sexual harassment ? Make boys and men more feminine . This approach ca n't be more wrong .
Boys and Men Are Sexually Harassed , Too
Whenever the topic of sexual harassment comes up , most people immediately fixate on the image of a powerful male sexually harassing a powerless female . While that image can be true sometimes , it represents an incomplete picture .
A recent study published in the International Journal of Public Health , based on interviews of more than 3,000 high school students in Norway , finds non-physical sexual harassment in schools happens to boys and girls equally . For physical sexual harassment , more and more female teachers are being charged for having sex or sexually harassing male students .
A CBS News site documents 61 notorious female teachers ' sex scandals in American schools . While mainstream media generally underreports sexual harassment cases when boys or men are the victims , Instapundit.com , a libertarian blog maintained by Glenn Reynolds , has been tracking such cases through its “ teaching women not to rape ” section .
Beyond schools , a growing number of men report being sexually harassed at workplaces . In 2015 , 17 percent of the workplace sexual harassment claims to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission were filed by men . If that number seems low to you , it 's because many males choose not to report harassment . Like female victims , males are embarrassed and are afraid of losing their employment . In addition , these male victims face credibility issues because many people simply do n't believe a man can be sexually harassed .
Sexual harassment is wrong no matter which sex is the aggressor and which is the victim . We as a society ca n't condemn an entire sex based on a few highly publicized cases . We need to treat each case seriously and honestly without starting a gender war .
Our Schools Do a Poor Job of Nurturing Boys
This nascent gender war is already having real consequences . For decades , there has been a widening academic achievement gap between American girls and boys , with girls leading the way . Girls today are more likely to graduate from high schools and colleges than boys are . Girls also earn higher grades than boys in all school subjects , according to an analysis published by the American Psychological Association in 2014 .
The co-author of this analysis , Susan Voyer , points out that “ The fact that females generally perform better than their male counterparts throughout what is essentially mandatory schooling in most countries seems to be a well-kept secret , considering how little attention it has received as a global phenomenon . ”
The Washington Post recently reports that “ The differences ( academic gap ) between boys and girls are largest among the most disadvantaged children . But socioeconomic status does not entirely explain the gender gap . Even well-off boys struggle to compared to well-off girls . ”
The same article finds that boys start to fall behind girls at an early age . They are less likely to be kindergarten-ready than girls , “ less likely to identify letters of the alphabet , less likely to be able to communicate their needs. ” As they grow , boys continue to lag behind girls academically , but lead in absences and suspensions . These gaps are especially wide for kids from the most disadvantaged families : “ Boys in broken families were 8 percentage points less likely than girls to be kindergarten ready . ”
Given this context , it is an especially poor time to aggravate attacks on the masculine sex as a whole .
Why Do Girls Perform Better in Schools than Boys Do ?
Researchers have several explanations for boys ' lag behind girls . One is that the traditional schooling model of students sitting in a classroom quietly for a long period of time favors girls . Boys learn differently than girls . Girls make more serotonin and oxytocin , chemicals that enable them to sit for a long time . But boys learn better through hands-on activities , visual experiences , and movement .
So in a traditional classroom setting , boys , especially young boys , are more likely to move around and disrupt , which leads to them being disciplined by teachers more , which can lead them to like school less . While these differences are a powerful argument for school choice , in the absence of real choice , boys are being left behind .
There are many programs inside and outside schools that nurture girls and encourage them to be whoever they want to be . Yet young boys do n't get as much attention . On the contrary , schools seem to have lower expectations for boys . Some parents say teachers tell them things such as “ Your kid 's handwriting is so-so . But it 's good enough for a boy. ” Very few teachers will speak like that about a girl .
This is all the more reason we should evaluate each person on his or her own needs and merits rather than talk down to boys and slam their entire sex .
Good Male Role Models Benefit Both Boys and Girls
Researchers also notice the behavior differences between boys and girls ( must be shocking to liberals ) . Boys are more impulsive , more likely to act out than contain themselves . Therefore , boys need different attention , nurturing , and role models to help teach them good behavior . This starts with parents . “ When boys do n't get enough parental attention , they misbehave . Boys are particularly at risk when they grow up in single-mother households . ”
A strong masculine character is able to stand next to a strong feminine character , which can enhance both .
Besides parents , boys also learn from other males they encounter . Our entertainment industry , one of the most liberal places on earth , has been churning out strong female characters and denigrating male characters for decades . The TV sitcom doofus dad paired with a highly competent mom is a common cliché .
Also , look at the Star Wars franchise . Since Disney took it over , the last two movie installments and the upcoming new one all feature strong heroines in leading roles , while the men are in supporting roles . In the Star Wars universe outside the movies , Leia takes a leading role while Han Solo and Luke Skywalker act the idiot , running around like chickens with their heads cut off .
As someone who has four young nieces , I welcome these strong female characters . But I ca n't help worrying about two things : how does this lack of strong male characters affect young boys ? And how will it affect perceptions of males when girls turn into women ?
A strong masculine character is able to stand next to a strong feminine character , which can enhance both . A character like the marshal played Gary Cooper in “ High Noon ” will not only teach boys what it means to be a good man and how to treat women , but also teach girls what a loving and respectful relationship looks like .
Condemning Males Will Hurt Females , Too
Now liberals want us to ignore these biological differences between boys and girls , to either condemn all boys as bad or treat them like girls , erasing the sex difference , which will further delay boys ' development . Boys who do n't do well in school are more likely to end up with lower-paying jobs as young men . Such economic realities have ripple effects on women , too .
The share of Americans who are married is at its lowest point since at least 1920 . Pew Research shows one of the main reasons is that young people , especially young men , do not feel financially prepared for such a commitment . I know several women who are beautiful , intelligent , and have good-paying jobs , but have been single for a long time because they just ca n't find men who are emotionally mature , sharing their intellectual and financial abilities .
The NYT column is wrong . In their quest for gender sameness , liberals have gone too far . It 's time to stop their war on boys and men . Our society should treat boys and girls , men and women , equally , while honestly taking into consideration their biological differences . We need to nurture boys as boys and girls as girls . One way to start is by not telling men they are horrible beasts just for the sin of being born with XY chromosomes .
Update : as mentioned , the data used was from Google Finance and it now might seem like it 's not accurate . Yahoo Finace shows Tesla 's market cap still being ~ $ 1 billion behind GM 's .
We reported last week how Tesla 's stock price increase following an investment by Tencent led to the company surpassing Ford 's market capitalization .
The company has now surpassed GM 's market cap to become America 's most valuable car company after Tesla started reaching new highs again today .
The stock breached the $ 300 per share for the first time this morning .
It resulted in a market capitalization of $ 52 billion , according to Google Finance ( using an updated share count ) , while GM 's market cap was $ 48.7 billion .
Over the past few months , Tesla surpassed Audi , Nissan , Ford and now GM . Of course , an argument could be made about the company being overvalued or the legacy automakers being undervalued , but as it stands right now , the market believes that Tesla is worth more than those automakers , which is interesting on its own .
The news comes as Tesla CEO Elon Musk was taunting Tesla shorts , people investing against Tesla 's stock , yesterday .
Stormy weather in Shortville … — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) April 3 , 2017
In February , Wall Street 's bet against Tesla reached $ 9 billion , but the short position has been declining as the stock climbed over the past 2 months .
The last time Musk commented on the short interest on Tesla 's stock , he warned that anyone hold a stock position against the company will have a “ tsunami of hurt ” coming for them . During the 12 following months , Tesla 's stock price increased by 461 % – much of which was attributed to a short squeeze after Tesla reported its first quarterly profit in Q1 2013 .
Naysayers are quick to point that Tesla 's valuation is not supported by its revenue , but Musk responded to the claim yesterday :
@ ForIn2020 @ waltmossberg @ mims @ defcon_5 Exactly . Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past , but that 's irrelevant . A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) April 3 , 2017
Most of Tesla 's future cash flow will come from the Model 3 program , which Musk claimed could generate ~ $ 20 billion in revenue with 25 % gross margin . With this new valuation , the market is showing a surprising confidence Tesla 's ability to execute on this goal .
As we reported last week , the comparison with other automakers is becoming less fair since Tesla is trying to own the entire energy process from generation to consumption . It wants its customers to not only buy its vehicles , but to also power them with energy generated through its own products ( solar arrays ) , stored in its Powerpacks and Powerwalls , and charged through its level 2 chargers and level 3 Superchargers .
Therefore , if someone wants to make a comparison , it 's closer to an automaker who also owns an oil company and everything in between , like the refineries and gas stations – such an automaker does n't really exist at the moment .
An Inquiry Into The Phenomena of Wonder at MASS MoCA
Promises of alternate forms of life and the cosmos have always sparked wonder—think of Richard Dreyfuss ' face in Steven Spielberg 's CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND . Four artists in Explode Every Day : An Inquiry into the Phenomena of Wonder , an exciting new group exhibition at MASS MoCA , were residents at the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) Institute in California , which looks for extraterrestrial life . Dr. Jill Tarter is an astronomer and Chair for Research at SETI . She was the model for Jodi Foster 's character in CONTACT , directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan . Tarter told Science & Film that the residency program began in 2010 when she met the New York-based multi-disciplinary artist Charles Lindsay . She wrote the introductory text for a book , Carbon , composed of his photographs .
Dr. Tarter said in the book , “ Artists and scientists each have a role to play in telling our human story , and placing us in a cosmic context… . [ Lindsay ] is stretching the artistic practices of the twenty-first century to visualize alternate worlds . I am trying to detect other evolutionary biologies among the hundreds of billions of worlds within our own Milky Way galaxy . He has a lot to teach me . ”
Lindsay became the first Artist in Residence at SETI and now heads the program . According to email correspondence between Science & Film and Dr. Tarter , the program “ has been the result of Charlie 's labors and [ Dr. Tarter 's ] cheerleading . We have no funds to support these artists , and yet they come . They stretch all of our boundaries while producing works that are not at all 'illustrative , ' but in some form or another capture the questions our scientists are trying to answer , and they help us share our curiosity about life on Earth and beyond with a larger audience than we would otherwise encounter . Last year , twelve of us each spent one month working with [ artist and psychiatrist ] Martin Wilner , sending daily emails containing our thoughts , and then seeing them transformed into miniature 'portraits ' filling the squares of a monthly calendar , accompanied by the words we 'd actually composed. ” Of her favorite artist and scientist interaction , Dr. Tarter said it was , “ an impromptu musical event one night last summer , in the meadow of the Allen Telescope Array , amidst our 42 telescopes ; as the sun was fading from the sky , Chris Chafe ( Director of Stanford 's [ Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics ] CCRMA ) played a duet on his electronic cello with the compressors inside the cryogenic feeds of the antennas . It blended life , technology , and the cosmos in a sublime and spine-tingling way . ”
The exhibit Explode Every Day features four SETI artists in residence including Lindsay , as well as Dario Robleto , Rachel Sussman , and Jen Bervin . Lindsay , who was trained as a geologist , installed “ Field Station. ” This multi-part installation is influenced by an artificial habitat from the film THE MARTIAN , a mineral exploration camp , and laboratories . It also includes a video , WHAT ARE THE WHALES SAYING , which was the result of a collaboration with SETI astrophysicist Laurance Doyle who used mathematics to decode whale syntax .
Houston-based artist Dario Robleto 's sound installation features the work of Ann Druyan , widow of astronomer Carl Sagan ( COSMOS ) , who , along with Sagan , was commissioned by NASA to be the Creative Director of the Golden Record : a recording of all human experience sent into space on the Voyager to be shared with other forms of life . Robleto 's work features one track of Druyan 's heartbeat : a woman in love . He went on to make a boxed set of seven recordings , exhibited in the show , including an 1854 recording of a human pulse , and a 1908 recording of a fetal heartbeat .
On reflection , the illusory worlds which children conceive cause wonder . The Brooklyn-based artist Nina Katchadorian 's meditative film , “ The Recarcassing Ceremony , ” recreates an event from when she and her brother , then nine and 12 years old , playing with a clan of plastic Playmobils witnessed two of them in a boat capsize . The siblings held a “ recarcassing ” ceremony for the dolls and instilled life into them . Check back on Science & Film for an article about the psychology of imaginary friends .
Tristan Duke , another artist in the show , works at the Museum of Jurassic Technology , a museum of slight-of-hand in Los Angeles . He experiments with holographic technology to make a three dimensional holographic image spin on top of a vinyl record . He designed the record for the STAR WARS : THE FORCE AWAKENS soundtrack , which was released on June 17 .
Explode Every Day is co-organized by MASS MoCA curator Denise Markonish and artist Sean Foley . Markonish is the head of the SETI artist-in-residence advisory committee . The show includes both new and existing work by over 20 artists ; it is on view now until April 2 , 2017 at MASS MoCA in North Adams , Massachusetts . The catalogue , on the history of wonder , will be published by Prestel in August and includes essays by clinical psychology Kay Redfield Jamison and astronomer Jill Tarter . Tarter was a Sloan Foundation jury member at Sundance in 2014 , which selected Mike Cahill 's film I ORIGINS as winner of the Feature Film Prize .
A new bridge over the Thames in East London would only benefit ‘ former Tory MPs ' , a Newham councillor has claimed .
Councillor Airdrie Dalden is objecting to plans from Transport for London which include a bridge between the borough and the Royal Borough of Greenwich on the south of the river .
Quoting the example of journalist Matthew Parris , councillor Dalden said : “ The vast majority of people currently crossing the Thames here are former Tory MPs in swimming trunks . Women of any ethnic group who wish to wear modest clothing , and I count myself in that category , are not going to put on a swimming costume and cross the Thames . Swimming is a discriminatory form of transport . ”
Parris was criticised by the Port of London Authority in 2010 after writing about his experience of being swept a mile upriver when swimming across the busy commercial waterway at night .
Mayor Boris Johnson claims that the new Thames Gateway Bridge across the river would link the transport poor Thamesmead estate and Woolwich development area in Greenwich with residential and redevelopment areas around Beckton and the Royal Docks in Newham , creating opportunities for one of Britain 's most deprived boroughs .
But Councillor Dalden told AWWTM that the money Johnson proposes spending on the bridge would not “ benefit every aspect of Newham , which is an ethnically diverse borough . ”
“ You look around and of the people who are crossing the Thames here , they do not belong to wider ethnic groups . The majority of swimmers are former Tory MPs like Matthew Parris and Boris Johnson . Fact . ”
Transport for London are now considering a compromise solution which will involve building half a bridge .
Advertisements
SANDY , UT—Satan 's unwavering efforts to bring down The True Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have proven particularly fruitful this week , as he managed to take down a worthy priesthood holder named Travis .
Travis began his soul-destroying faith transition journey with a single sin : he had allowed his little factory to open up for one extra day in the year . Boy , did he reap the consequences . This almost-the-sin-next-to-murder single handedly ( no pun intended ) ruined Travis ' chances at eternal life for good , thanks to the thousands of hours of in-depth church history research Satan encouraged him to embark on once he 'd cleaned up .
“ I knew I had to get him to commit a sin before I could push the Journal of Discourses on him , ” explained Satan , commander of evil in the known universe . “ As soon as I caught him half-awake and stressed one night , it was game over . As planned , I had him reading the biographies of every single latter-day church president in an effort to reconcile his doubts in no time . I even managed to sneak in some damning parts of the Joseph Smith Papers ! He was putty in my hands . ”
Travis has remained largely unaware that his disgusting lack of regard for chastity is to blame for his loss of testimony . He claims “ innocent questions ” and “ a desire to keep my faith strong despite the LDS.org essays on polygamy and The Book of Abraham ” as his justifications for leaving the light aka studying church history and allowing demons to surround him .
“ It 's totally just his loss of the Holy Ghost ! ” laughed Satan , who has been having great success getting bishops to read Rough Stone Rolling lately . “ No righteous man would ask why it was ok for 14-year-olds to marry Joseph Smith ! How can you have time for such negativity and careful analysis of historical evidence when there 's home teaching to be done ? ! And doubting The Book of Mormon just because you read some other books Joseph had access to and saw that they were strikingly similar and sometimes identical ? ! Since when is THAT a good reason to abandon eternal life ? No , man , this guy 's obviously just a sex addict . He has nobody to blame but himself . ”
Satan quickly added that he “ did n't want to be up there anyway ” in reference to the Celestial Kingdom Travis will no longer be going to , and comforted himself about his lack of body with some mumbling about how boring 1000 years of family history would be .
Travis , who has not masturbated since the incident and his subsequent loss of faith after several months of intense , heartbreaking research , is currently separated from his wife , who deserves a man with a temple recommend and a SHRED OF HUMAN DECENCY , TRAVIS .
Reprinted below is the first draft Dan Kois turned in of his review of the adorable-infant documentary Babies . Our editorial team salvaged this review for the May 4 edition of the Voice here . Read on to see the movie 's power at work .
Baby babies “ Babies ” babies Babies ? Babies babies .
Babies babies babies babies babies babies Babies ? Babies babies , babies .
Babies babies babies babies Babies ? Babies babies .
Babies “ Babies ” babies babies babies ? Baby babies babies . Babies babies babies—babies babies babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies .
Babies babies babies-babies Babies , Babies babies babies babies babies . ( Babies , babies babies , babies Babies babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies babies . ) Babies babies babies Babies babies Babies Babies Babies , Babies babies Babies , Babies , Babies , babies Babies babies , babies , babies , babies , babies , babies babies .
Baby babies babies babies-babies babies babies ' babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies , Babies ' babies—babies babies babies—babies babies babies . Babies Babies babies babies , babies babies Babies Babies babies babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies-babies babies , babies babies . ( Babies babies babies babies babies babies . ) Babies babies babies babies , babies , babies Babies ' babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies Babies .
Babies babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies Babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies . Babies , babies babies babies , babies , babies babies , babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies Babies-babies babies . Babies babies babies babies babies Babies . Babies babies babies , babies babies Babies . Babies babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies Babies . Babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies , babies , babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies babies .
Babies : Babies babies , babies , babies babies , babies babies babies babies , babies babies Babies . Babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies babies babies ! Babies babies babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies ' babies-babies babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies babies babies-babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies—babies babies babies .
Babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies-babies babies , babies babies . Babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies babies , babies babies babies Babies babies babies babies babies . Babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies , babies babies babies babies .
— The National Rifle Association caused a firestorm with its proposal to put armed guards in every school , but one district in New Jersey is already heeding that call .
“ I believe that having an armed police officer , law enforcement official present in our schools will give our students comfort , our town , our community comfort , and will have anybody think twice about coming into Marlboro schools , ” Mayor Jon Hornik told CBS 2 's Drew Levinson .
Mayor Hornik said that he made his decision to place armed police officers in all of the district 's schools when they re-open in the New Year , before the suggestion was made by NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre .
The Marlboro school district already has armed police officers in some of its schools , but the high school is the only that has a full-time officer with a gun . In January all nine of the district 's schools will feature armed officers roaming the halls .
Parents in Marlboro appeared to be split on the measure .
“ I think it 's a great idea with the way the world is right now , anything to keep our children safe . I think it is a wonderful idea . I think he is doing the right thing , ” said Theresa Morreale .
Others disagreed .
“ I really do n't think it 's necessary to have guns in school , people living in fear . That 's not how we are supposed to live here in America , we are supposed to get up every day , live our lives and do what we have to do , ” said James Dottrina .
Mayor Hornik , a gun control advocate who is normally at odds with the NRA , said that the measure was necessary while the gun control debate rages .
“ My first choise would be to never have a gun in our schools , but while the President and the NRA and the Congress debate policy and law , the fact is there are guns out there . How many times do we have to see these kinds of mass shootings before we decide to protect our kids , ” the Mayor explained .
Mayor Hornik told CBS 2 that the police department and the board of education have endorsed his plan , funds will come out of the board of education 's budget .
Governor Chris Christie has already said that he does not endorse the idea of armed officers in schools .
In New York , City Council Speaker Christine Quinn called the NRA 's plan stupid and asinine , and State Senator Malcolm Smith called for NRA leadership to resign .
You may share your thoughts in our comments section below…
The Sunday Times is set to launch a standalone website and is considering charging readers for its content .
Plans have not been finalised , but executives at Sunday Times publisher News International are considering the charges to fall in line with the publicly stated desire of Rupert Murdoch , the chairman and chief executive of parent company News Corporation , for his newspapers around the world to follow the lead of the Wall Street Journal by charging for content .
Sunday Times content is currently published online alongside its daily sister title the Times under the umbrella Times Online website brand .
One source familiar with the situation said the new Sunday Times website could launch within three months . Another said it would be later in the year and that many crucial decisions about the site had not been finalised .
MediaGuardian.co.uk understands that a final decision on how to charge readers to look at content – whether via subscriptions or micropayments – has not been made .
But it is clear that News International will not make its `` high-value customers '' pay for the site . Readers who subscribe to the Sunday Times or have it delivered at home would not pay for online access .
Readers in London can pay the paper 's full cover price , £2 , and have the paper delivered to their home each week , or pre-pay and subscribe at a discount . Readers who subscribe or take home delivery also join the Sunday Times Culture+ club , which offers readers discounts and free offers .
During a conference call to discuss News Corporation 's third quarter results last month , Murdoch said the company was `` absolutely '' looking at charging for people to read the Sun Online and Times Online .
`` You can expect to see something in the next 12 months . We are planning to introduce a pay model across all our properties but we will test it first on some of our stronger properties , '' he added .
The Sunday Times editor , John Witherow , is understood to be a keen proponent of the site . `` John thinks he is rewriting the business model of the web , '' one source said .
News International declined to comment .
A separate Sunday Times website would reverse publisher News International 's longstanding policy of blending the content of the Sunday Times with the daily Times content under the Times Online banner .
Les Hinton , the former executive chairman of News International until he was replaced by James Murdoch in late 2007 , and the Times Online digital director , Annelies Van Den Belt , carried out the strategy to merge the two papers ' content into the single Times Online offering .
This strategy of publishing quality daily and Sunday newspaper content from sister titles under the same online brand is also followed by Guardian News & Media – which publishes MediaGuardian.co.uk – Telegraph Media Group and Independent News & Media .
Having a separate Sunday Times website containing such popular writers as Jeremy Clarkson and the motoring section could result in Times Online traffic falling dramatically – as would its advertising revenue .
Since the arrival of James Murdoch as chairman and chief executive News Corporation Europe and Asia , however , the company has noticeably pushed the subscription model .
In April , the Sunday Times sold an average of 1,221,683 copies each week , a year-on-year rise of 1.62 % .
Last month Murdoch told reporters that the entire internet business model for newspapers was changing , as the current model was `` malfunctioning '' .
Murdoch predicted that the classified advertising that was leaving print and migrating to the internet would probably never return and that the `` traditional newspaper business model has to change , even though the present situation is greatly exaggerated by the current recession '' .
He forecast that it would take about two years for digital revenues from web content charging to make up for losses from the decline in print advertising .
`` Two years , hopefully less , possibly more . We are looking at lots of things , models for charging , mobile readers . I do n't believe in the [ electronic reader ] Kindle model but I do think it is very interesting that people are going to that and to their BlackBerries to view content . There are lots of ways we can make money from content over and above the advertising market . ''
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor @ mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 . For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly `` for publication '' .
Here 's a fun iPad game for the whole ( Partridge ) family .
Rockmate turns your iPad into a complete music studio easy and super fun to use . You can compose , record and play songs with up to 4 Rock players on one single iPad . Rockmate is easy to play with smart chords progressions , sounds great with separated guitar effects and in-house produced audio samples and is also fully customizable with multiple drums and keyboard styles . Rockmate is ready to rock ! Your guitars are always well tuned , no need to carry your drum kit or to patch your keyboard . A smart metronome and a real-time looper will assist you in composing and recording your songs . That you can share by email or in your iTunes sharing folder . We want as many people as possible to experience Rockmate . So we have decided to make Rockmate available for one week ( From 14 to 21 december 2011 ) at the introductory price of $ 0.99 . Regular price $ 3.99 .
( iTunes $ .99 )
For those who are after something in the professional realm , a new App called Shredder was released today…
SHREDDER , now available on the iTunes App Store . SHREDDER is a synthesizer/MIDI interface specially designed and developed for guitar players . It allows guitarists to play a true analogmodeling synth by simply plugging in – no special pickups needed ! SHEDDER 's synth engine is a powerful , fully configurable FM/Subtractive design including :
• Dual oscillators • Three custom-designed filters • Three dedicated envelopes • Dual LFOs • Many more sonic features to empower the musician !
In addition , SHREDDER can also be used as a MIDI Out interface to control other Virtual MIDI compatible iOS devices , or hardware synths through a physical connection “ SHREDDER is an amazing breakthrough for guitarists and all musicians , ” says SHREDDER engineer and guitar veteran , James Yonac . “ Now guitarists can get amazing synth sounds from their guitars without a special synth pickup and for a small fraction of the price of a hardware guitar synth. ” SHREDDER reads guitar input through popular iPad guitar jack interfaces or from the iPad 's built-in microphone . SHREDDER is available in the App Store for a limited-time introductory price of $ 5.99 . The regular price of $ 14.99 will be effective starting January 14 , 2012 .
Yonac Software was founded in New York City in 2008 . The company mainly focuses on the development of music and sound related software . In September 2008 , Yonac released miniSynth , the first and most popular synthesizer available for the iPhone . Other bestselling
Yonac apps include miniSynth PRO , ORGAN+ , Thereminator , and PitchBot .
Related articles
This may be the craziest Facebook story you 'll read this month . It concerns a couple in California , Michael and Denise , who got divorced last year , and their two young children . Denise , newly single , turned to Facebook to meet someone new . Last December , she received a message from a man named Jason Hoppy , who said he wanted to meet her face-to-face and take her away on weekend trips . She sent him photos of herself and a few videos of her dancing . He emailed her back encouraging her to send him more explicit videos . She was happy to do that , apparently , but needed a cameraperson to hold her smartphone while she performed stripteases . She decided the best person for that job was her eight-year-old daughter .
Over the next month , Denise had her daughter film about 20 videos of her doing her best imitation of Showgirls . An opinion from a California court says the videos featured Denise `` naked , dancing and touching herself in her vaginal area . '' In one video , she encouraged her daughter to also `` shake her booty '' for the camera , while wearing a shirt and underwear . She sent all of the videos along to Jason Hoppy , though she had never met him in person , nor talked to him on the phone . She also discussed `` her children , ex-husband , custody struggles and other personal matters with Jason , who was often encouraging and supportive , '' according to a court document . He sent Denise over 1000 emails over two months , though he was n't especially encouraging when he got the video that included the dancing eight-year-old ; he responded , `` What the heck do you think you are doing sending me this ? ''
The next month , her ex-husband showed up at a custody hearing with a CD that contained the explicit videos Denise had made . An opinion from a California appeals court , which does not include the couple 's last names , explains how that happened :
At the January 12 , 2011 custody hearing , Michael gave [ a social worker ] a CD containing the video . Michael admitted to [ the social worker ] that he was Jason and he created the fictitious Facebook account to monitor Denise 's computer use as he felt she was spending a considerable amount of time on the computer and neglecting the children .
Michael , like many a spouse before him , assumed a false identity on Facebook to try to collect evidence to use against his ex-wife . While this might have seemed like a good idea at the time , the plan went awry , as such plans have before . Child welfare services were disturbed both by his setting up a fake account to dupe his wife and that he was aware of the fact that his eight-year-old daughter was assuming the role of a porn director , and that he allowed that to continue .
A court mediator told Michael that `` his knowledge of [ his daughter 's ] involvement should have been the primary focus 'even if it meant not gaining the proverbial 'smoking gun ' against [ Denise ] in family court . ' '' He responded that he had consulted his attorney , who advised going to the police or child protective services since Denise had connections at both places . ( If true , bad legal advice ! )
The police took both of the children into protective custody and `` reviewed '' the videos . In later testimony , Michael claimed to have created the account initially because he just wanted updates on the kids , and that he did n't intend for the relationship to become sexual . `` He did not use his own name because of the no contact order , '' he claimed according to the court opinion . That 's a very interesting interpretation of `` no contact . ''
There was bad decision-making all around here . The judge who had to sort this out has my sympathies . Ultimately , protective services decided to leave the six-year-old son in his mother 's custody , but to put their eight-year-old daughter into someone else 's care , giving the parents visitation rights only . A court supported that decision after an appeal by Michael . His attempt to entrap his wife and get custody of his kids severely back-fired .
Facebook is a useful tool in divorce cases , but not when used this way .
Hat tip : Eric Goldman & Venkat Balasubramani , for sending along the court document and making yet another contribution to the Facebook Follies file .
Van Gogh 's Starry Night as you 've never seen it before : Astronomy student creates mosaic using Hubble 's best deep space pictures
Advertisement
It is one of the most famous paintings in the history of art - and here it is with our most famous photographs of space .
Alex Parker , a PHD astronomy student took Van Gogh 's 1889 painting , and built it back up from arguably humanity 's other most famous space portraits - those taken by the Hubble telescope over the last 20 years .
The student used computer mosaic-making software to re-produce the artwork , after cloudy weather stopped him exploring the real thing at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The astronomer , whose speciality is exploring the asteroids and proto-planets of our solar system , downloaded Hubble 's Top 100 Images to create this new take on Van Gogh 's masterpiece .
The Starry Night ( De Sterrennacht ) by Van Gogh gets a universal treatment by astonomy PhD student Alex Harrison Parker
A deep zoom : A portion of the mosaic of Van Gogh 's painting reveals the images used to re-create the portrait He told Discovery News : 'The idea came up around the time of Hubble 's 22nd birthday , when I thought it would be neat to assemble a collage of a bunch of Hubble images from over its history . 'Observing can be all over the map - You will be shut out by clouds on some nights , have to evacuate the mountain because of high winds and ice on other nights , and other times there is n't a moment to pause because you 're taking data at such a high rate all night . ' RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Peering into the Dark Ages of space : Hubble goes to extremes ... Share this article Share When he is not carrying out observations , he likes to study the asteroids and proto-planets of the early solar system , helping to expand our knowledge of how the solar system formed . This is also not his first project using space data to create a visual effect , having also created animations of the known asteroids within our local region of space . A Hubble Deep Zoom : These are some of the images contained within Alex Parker 's mosaic :
The Pillars of Creation : These are 'Evaporating Gaseous Globules ' - columns of cool interstellar hydrogen gas and dust that are also incubators for new stars
The Carina Nebula : This craggy fantasy mountaintop enshrouded by wispy clouds looks like a bizarre landscape from Tolkien¿s The Lord of the Rings . Hubble captured the chaotic activity atop a pillar of gas and dust , three light-years tall , which is being eaten away by the brilliant light from nearby bright stars
It 's full of stars : Several hundred galaxies are visible in this 'deepest-ever ' view of the universe , called the Hubble Deep Field
Sick of the holidays yet ? Drowned in enough comfort and joy to last longer than you care to live ? Having daydreams of torching somebody 's jolly yard display ? Cutesy elves charred to a satisfying crisp ? Roasted Rudolf ? Santa scorching on an open fire ? If so , I 'm with you . Scrooge got it right the first time .
To help you make it through this dispiriting season without resorting to arson or poison , I 've assembled a reading list based on the idea that only one thing can cheer up the cheerless during the holidays : a depressing novel . Nothing spells Christmas like suicidal ideation . Here are five perennial holiday favorites . You think you 're bummed out now ? Bah , humbug !
This enduring holiday classic should be dropped in the stocking of every little girl and boy as soon as the child can read . The Bell Jar is the depressive 's answer to A Charlie Brown Christmas . Both feature a despondent youth on an odyssey to find meaning in a hostile world . Charlie Brown becomes dejected by the holiday season 's commerciality ; Esther Greenwood , the heroine of Plath 's semi-autobiographical masterpiece , gets depressed because that 's what life is all about . She feels trapped as though under a bell jar , a cramped and airless space out of which she can peer but in which she 's stifled and ca n't breathe . Naturally , she finds herself pondering the fate of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg , soon to be electrocuted at Sing Sing . Not coincidentally , she herself receives electroshock therapy , which does about as much good for her as it did for the Rosenbergs .
Whereas Linus , Lucy , Snoopy , and Sally rally round Charlie Brown in the end and they all sing a song , Plath leaves Esther in a hearing room at the mental institution to which she has been committed . She suggests that Esther will get sprung , but the author apparently could n't imagine such a post-treatment happy ending with any degree of believability , so she simply abandons Esther in the nuthouse at the novel 's close . But the message is essentially the same : There 's no escaping Christmas carols , and there 's no escaping insanity . The Bell Jar is the perfect way to begin celebrating this interminable season .
Buy The Bell Jar from Amazon.com
The novelist Charles Jackson is best known for his best-selling 1944 novel The Lost Weekend , which the great Billy Wilder and his cowriter Charles Brackett turned into an Oscar-winning film . With its unsparing attitude and vivid , psychologically accurate depiction of alcoholism , Jackson 's The Lost Weekend is indeed a marvelous book . It 's depressing , but not suicidally so .
One ca n't say the same about The Fall of Valor , a mirror-held-to-life portrait of a 44-year-old English professor , husband , and closet case . Set during World War II , the novel traces John Grandin 's evolution from nominal hetero to imminent homo . With excruciating psychological precision , Jackson presents Grandin 's painful self-revelation , which is spurred spectacularly but also with ambiguous nuance by the hunky Marine the Grandins meet on Nantucket . There 's something about the brilliantly named Cliff that Grandin ca n't put his finger on – literally . The muscular stud has a wife , but so does Grandin . Why is the stud puppy so friendly to him ? Why does he want to rub suntan lotion on Grandin 's back ? Is Cliff looking up to Grandin the way a boy gazes at his older brother , or is there more romance than bromance ? The conclusion of The Fall of Valor is kind of like that of Gore Vidal 's landmark novel The City and the Pillar , only in reverse . In short , it does n't end well .
Ah , Thomas Hardy ! The Gustave Mahler of British literature ! You play Mahler when you want to wallow in your own overblown misery ; you read Hardy to confirm your conviction in the world 's essential gloom .
It helps to know before reading Jude the Obscure that Hardy was so wounded by the book 's critical reception that he never wrote again . His protagonist , Jude Fawley , is doomed from the get-go , as his surname suggests . He dreams of attending a great university , but he does n't have the proper credentials — class , money , connections — to do so . He marries a slut who proceeds to abandon him . He takes up with his cousin Sue , but they do n't marry so everyone shuns them . A couple kids pop up , including one out of nowhere : “ Little Father Time , ” from his marriage to the slut , though Jude does n't know anything about how the child came into being . “ Little Father Time ” is more depressed than Sylvia Plath . The boy concludes , correctly , that he and his siblings have caused the family 's ruin , so he murders them and hangs himself . Sue responds with a miscarriage and a new interest in religion . The slut returns and marries Jude . Jude dies , miserable .
Hardy sums up his bleak vision with the observation that people watch the crossroads waiting for someone to show up , something to happen , anything to break up the dreary routine . “ But no one came , ” Hardy writes . “ Because no one ever does. ” One can only ask , in the voice of Edward G. Robinson , “ Where 's your Messiah now ? ”
Buy Jude the Obscure from Amazon.com
The extraordinary J. G. Ballard – Chuck Palahniuk before there was Chuck Palahniuk – has a penchant for writing violent disturbed fantasies . He gave the world Crash , the brilliant 1973 novel from which David Cronenberg 's equally smart 1996 film derives , and The Atrocity Exhibition , a collection of warped stories involving ( among other things ) the deaths of Marilyn Monroe and JFK . ( There 's a story in it with the fabulous title , “ Why I Want to Fuck Ronald Reagan. ” ) But Empire of the Sun stands out in Ballard 's legacy because of its basis in Ballard 's own life .
As a child , Ballard lived with his parents in Shanghai ; the family had the grave misfortune to be there when the Japanese post-Pearl Harbor occupation began . In the pandemonium , young Ballard became separated from his parents and had to forage for food and find shelter wherever he could . He got picked up by the Japanese Imperial Army , which was not known for its beneficence . It 's a harrowing tale made even more upsetting by virtue of its being mostly true . One can see from Ballard 's literary output the effect his lonely wandering and eventual imprisonment in a squalid Japanese prisoner-of-war camp had on his imagination . The book ( like Steven Spielberg 's 1987 film , far and away my favorite of the director 's career ) has a nominally happy ending : his parents find him . But Ballard is clear-eyed . There is no sentimentality . The boy is a shell of his former self , having experienced hell before he was old enough to drive . Read it now . After all , Christmas is meant for children .
Buy Empire of the Sun from Amazon.com
Mass shootings are commonplace in the United States . We soothe ourselves with outrage every time a young man – they 're almost always male – strolls into a school armed with a deadly weapon and unleashes his generalized and inexplicable wrath on others . But the outrage is hollow . We 've seen it so many times before that dead and bloodied schoolchildren are now as unusual as department store Santas or sales on Black Friday . ( One key exception to the male gender bias is Brenda Ann Spencer , the sweet sixteen-year-old who shot up an elementary school playground in San Diego ; when asked about her motive , Brenda Ann was succinct : “ I do n't like Mondays. ” Her response became the title and refrain of a hit song by the Boomtown Rats . )
In her superb epistolary novel We Need to Talk about Kevin , Lionel Shriver explores the now routine mass murder scenario from the point of view of an adolescent psychopath 's mother . Kevin 's mom has something going on : guilt . In a series of letters to her husband , Franklin , Eva is at turns defensive and aggressive , passionate and weary . She blames herself , but she 's quick to accuse Franklin as well , particularly the blindered , thatta-boy cheering with which Franklin encouraged Kevin as the boy grew up . Shriver cleverly reveals Kevin 's actions early on ; we know he 's murdered many of his classmates fairly soon in the novel . But revelations of what we had n't known previously turn We Need to Talk about Kevin from fictional memoir to tense , page-turning thriller . The book 's morbid kick brings up memories of my own hometown psychopath , Jack Lee Colin , who shook Natrona Heights , Pennsylvania , to its core by shooting his father in the head and shooting and stabbing his mother , leaving her dead body under the family 's Christmas tree . ‘ Twas the season . ‘ Twill always be . Merry Christmas .
Buy We Need to Talk About Kevin from Amazon.com
SALT LAKE CITY - A second Utah teenager has filed a federal lawsuit against an imprisoned former Davis High School English teacher , the school and officials over her sexual contact with underage students .
The Salt Lake Tribune reports that the lawsuit says school officials should have known that 36-year-old Brianne Altice had inappropriate relationships with minors before she was hired as a teacher . The lawsuit seeks unspecified monetary damages .
The complaint filed Monday also says school officials failed to act when they and teachers suspected Altice was behaving inappropriately .
Altice is serving at least two years in prison after pleading guilty to sexual abuse charges stemming from allegations that she had sex with 16-and-17-year-old students in 2013 .
The Utah Attorney General 's office has been defending the school district against lawsuits . The office declined to comment .
Checkpoint is a gaming lounge for passionate and casual gamers alike ; fans of PC , console , handheld and board/card gaming come together to enjoy casual or competitive gaming in a friendly and social environment .
We combine all of the best parts of your typical gaming café or LAN centre and mix it with the exciting environment and great food and drink you would come expect from a modern day lounge . Checkpoint will also hold regular tournaments held by both us and external tournament organisers . Got a tournament you want to hold ? Then let us know and we can book a selection of our PCs or consoles out for you so you can compete against your friends ... or better yet , let us organise it for you !
Whether you are a hardcore gamer who wants to climb the ranks alongside your teammates whilst drinking and having fun , or if you want to pop in between lectures or business meetings to destroy opponents and blow off steam during lunch , Checkpoint is sure to provide an experience unrivaled by any other spot in Cardiff .
If you are an Esports fan then you will know the pain of sitting at home and watching the video games you love whilst wishing that you could enjoy these games on the big screen in the same way that traditional sports are watched . Well now there is a place that you can ! Checkpoint will host multiple wide screen TVs and projectors that will stream all of the hottest Esports . These TVs are dedicated to the viewing of Esports so what every you want to watch in the gaming world will be shown on our screen . Checkpoint will be number one place to hold your tournaments , parties , University socials and events that will be completely different from anywhere else in Cardiff .
What will we provide at Checkpoint ?
Loyalty Card
As gamers we love to level up , gather loot , collect coins and unlock rewards . We want your experience at Checkpoint to reflect that and so we have come up with a loyalty scheme that not only rewards you for gaming with us , but turns every visit into a game of its own . An experience points ( EXP ) loyalty card will enable you to gain EXP as you spend time in checkpoint . these experience points will level up your account , unlocking in store bonuses as you increase in level . The higher level you are , the more rewards that will be available to you . Alongside being able to level up your Checkpoint membership , you will also be able to earn unique CheckPoints that can be used for exclusive in-store purchases and game time .
Alcohol and Soft Drinks
Checkpoint will be serving up a range of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks for our customers to enjoy whilst they are playing or watching games . Alcoholic drinks are great to enjoy while watching sports amongst friends . and now with this venue you will be able to experience that same atmosphere while watching Esports along side other Esports fans . We will also have a range of fun , game themed cocktails for those who just want to kick back and relax .
Non-alcoholic soft drinks will be avaliable to those who want to keep their head in the game or stay refreshed for long gaming sessions .
Food Sales
Customers can choose from our wide selection of items on the menu that are designed around ease of eating . items on our menu will be either bite sized , cut of or skewered for your eating convenience to enable you to game for longer whilst staying fueled .
PC gaming
We will have high-spec computers so that we can run the latest games on the highest settings , giving you the best gaming experience . These PCs will have the most popular single and multiplayer games on the market pre-installed so that all you have to do is log in and play !
Console Gaming
Checkpoint will feature a variety of different consoles for you to enjoy playing : From retro consoles like the N64 to the modern day PS4 and Xbox one . There is currently nowhere in Cardiff that caters for groups of console players who wish to grab a controller and challenge their mates ; we wish to change that !
Tournaments , Activity and Parties
We will be organising our own tournaments as well as hosting tournaments , University socials and parties for people around Cardiff who are looking for a venue that is aimed towards those who love gaming . We will also be holding board and card gaming tournaments which will be powered by Rules of Play Cardiff !
Esports
As a dedicated gaming lounge we will be streaming all the biggest games and tournaments in Esports from across the world , right to Checkpoint . If you also have a favourite streamer/channel , then come down and we will put the stream up on one of our dedicated Esports TVs .
WiFi
Customers are welcome to use our in store WiFi for free , so they can play hand held , laptop or mobile games against each other without having to worry about data usage . customers are also free to come in and use the facilities to browse the Internet .
Theme
Below are some sketches that capture the lounge-like feel that we want to create . These awesome sketches were provided to us by Hannah Collins of House of Zinthos . check out more of their stuff at In our experience of LAN and gaming centers , they are often dark with computers facing against the wall and it makes it easy to forget that you are actually in a room full of people who share the same passion as you ! We want to create a brighter , open and social atmosphere that is synonymous with our own lounges we all game in from home but on a much larger scale . We want to create a comfortable environment where you can get the gaming experience that you want . Whether that is sitting quietly in a booth playing hearthstone with a new found rival or playing Mario Party in a large group on one of our projected screens.Below are some sketches that capture the lounge-like feel that we want to create . These awesome sketches were provided to us by Hannah Collins of House of Zinthos . check out more of their stuff at www.houseofzinthos.com
Consoles/Lounge
Food Drink and Esports
PC Gaming
Where we are now , and why we need you
We have been working alongside organisations such as Big Ideas Wales and Business in focus to make this project come alive . We have a number of funding options available to make Checkpoint come alive but we have chosen to use Kickstarter for a number of reasons .
Kickstarter enables us to reward our future customers by offering them exclusive access to the venue and to some great rewards before the venue has opened . The more money that is raised from the Kickstarter means the less money will have to be found elsewhere . This means less overheads from things such as bank loans and more money going into the gaming lounge to expand and upgrade our venue and computer systems .
The money raised from the Kickstarter will “ kick-start ” the gaming lounge . Although we have been working on this project for a while now , coming up with awesome events , doing our market research and creating a unique experience for the gamers of the UK , all that is in our way from putting the plans into action is the funding . The £10,000 raised from the Kickstarter will enable us to start putting in serious offers to venue and from then on we can start designing the interior of the lounge to make sure there is room for everyone to play what they want when they want . £10,000 alone wo n't be enough to fund the entire project though . We can take this money to the bank and take out a business loan that will help out with buying all the equipment , consoles , and stock that we will need to make Checkpoint the perfect place to hang out eat drink and play games .
The following story was written by Reddit user ehwut in /r/blastfromthefuture , and is being distributed here with permission . Lightly edited for this venue . You may notice that the style slips in and out of newsiness — I must chasten you to remember that the journalistic habits of 2064 will differ from our own .
Pamela Greensbury is a member of a human group once thought extinct : a stay-at-home mother . Whenever her friends brag about their accomplishments since the introduction of Kindercryo chambers , Pam feels horrified . “ I keep thinking , what happened to a normal childhood ? Watching cartoons , playing in the yard , going to school ? Today , kids learn everything in their dreams . They miss out on so much . ”
Pam 's objections echo the headlines we were accustomed to back when decades-old VR academy brands were first becoming household names . Her peer group regards her as the economic equivalent of lifelong lunar pioneers wobbling and fumbling under full Earth gravity . Pam told me , “ No one remembers the work that a full-time live household requires . For choosing a traditional path , I was nearly isolated , and became a kind of quaint thing kept around for decorum. ” She says that she has few friends .
We seldom hear their stories , but mothers who share Pam 's frustration with our twenty-four-hour work culture are more commonplace than we may think . Last year , the SomaCo plant strikes across New Jersey were mostly led by women who professed to be frustrated with being denied their natural range of emotion . In Beijing there are rumors of armed revolt by couples who demand a right to private intimacy as a matter of humanist faith . Have we trod down a path our species was never meant to go ?
Doctor Rowan Johnson of the Center for Economic Culture may have the answer . “ We tend to forget the struggles of the past once they 're over with . At one time , women could n't vote , men were expected to solely shoulder the bloody cost of war , and parents had to maintain nearly endless reserves of energy and discipline to raise their children in person . Kids played , yes , but they also got hurt . There were vaccination objectors , cultural battles between the genders , epidemics of abuse in various forms , and totally out-of-control rates of anxiety disorders . ”
“ Now , we are free to pursue our goals . We contribute to society every waking moment , our children are safe , and yet women object to the loss of their motherhood role . Men feel displaced in a culture that no longer provides them with any gender-specific role expectations . We may not always see the resentment there , bubbling beneath the surface of our collective social consciousness , but it is very real . National mood regulation has failed to correct this . We might as well face the truth — the alternative seems to be a return to the old days of social calamity . ”
Perhaps no longer . Doctor Johnson has worked for thirteen years to perfect what his research team calls the ultimate solution for personal freedom . Through a combination of applications of nanomolecular manufacturing , gene therapy , and a minimal number of implant procedures , volunteer subjects have been gifted with the ability to take total moment-to-moment control of their physical identities . A simple interface allows users to change their gender , fine-tune their physical attributes , and even ( despite much controversy ) change their race .
“ This is the true end of the gender divide. ” Doctor Johnson beamed as he showed off a set , which the FDA is expected to rubber-stamp this December . “ We can revert to the old way of doing things without disadvantage , due to attributes previously beyond our control . If our work reaches the mainstream , then matters of old contention such as equality and social injustice can be mitigated with the touch of an icon . Does somebody think they 'll be discriminated against for their gender ? Then they can take on the appearance of the opposite gender for work and go back to their natural looks when they get home . Is there evidence of disproportionate law enforcement ? Then adopt the characteristics of the privileged race while in public . Never before has the individual had such power to overcome social obstacles . ”
But not everyone is convinced . Pamela Greensbury seems like a natural fit to advocate for this solution , which might draw people back into the physical world , but her testimony before the Senate Human Augmentation and Enhancement Committee proves otherwise . “ We can not sacrifice our individuality and diversity to save ourselves from ourselves . We will only adopt new problems ! What happens to private relationships when the people you meet in public are n't who you think they are ? What will the psychological effects be when people feel forced to hide their race or gender in order to succeed ? We 've gone too far down a dangerous road already by sacrificing our nature to eliminate problems . Hiding from those problems is no solution either . ”
Doctor Johnson was reached briefly for comment . He sighed and said , “ Take away the root of these problems , and somebody complains . Give people the tools to mitigate discrimination with the freedom to live however they want at home , and somebody complains . Let people figure it all out for themselves , and somebody complains . Solve problems through regulations , and somebody complains . Anybody who does n't like our work does n't have to use it . ”
It 's too soon to guess whether we 'll see a new kind of diversity or just continue as usual . The market will be the ultimate test . In the meantime , we may be wise to question those who stand in the way of progress . On her way out of the Senate chambers , Pamela Greensbury was arrested for mood regulation noncompliance . A spittle test administered by security at the entrance to the building proved that not only has she not taken her soma in recent months , but she has never been treated . CPS is investigating allegations of neglect , but has not commented on whether her children 's mood regulation needs were being fulfilled .
Once again , I encourage you to join the subreddit and upvote ehwut 's story . Thanks to fellow Redditor and sub moderator mofosyne for directing me to this piece .
Most Minnesota high schools have settled something well : there will be no further discrimination against transgender students in athletics .
Capping months of emotional debate that brought tens of thousands of e-mails , the board overseeing high school athletics in Minnesota overwhelmingly said yes Thursday to opening up girls ' sports to transgender student-athletes . The decision by the Minnesota State High School League will take effect in the 2015-16 school year , making the state the 33rd to adopt a formal transgender student policy . The board set out criteria for determining whether transgender students who were born male but identify as female can be eligible for girls ' teams at the nearly 500 schools in the league 's membership . State law already permits girls to compete in boys ' sports .
Except ( there 's always an “ except ” ) …
Religious-affiliated private schools will be exempt from complying with the league 's new language .
Of course . Because religion is not a proper source of ethics and morality . Can we stop arguing that it is ?
There 's even worse , though . The Star Tribune also ran this ad .
Let 's ask different question . A male wants to shower beside your 14-year-old son . Are YOU ok with that ?
It 's all in the innuendo . Make it sound like a threat — “ A male ” — and obscure reality as much as you can . The most likely fact of the matter is that a shy person with possible gender dysphoria who has been terrifed for most of her time at school is being forced by school policy to take her clothes off in public and shower with a whole bunch of other people . If my past experience as a 14 year old boy is any measure , she 's going to avoid meeting anyone 's eyes and is going to want to get the experience over as quickly as possible .
Also from my past experience , the only people who see the after-gym shower as a predation opportunity were aggressively cis-gendered jocks who would mock all the smaller , younger kids . I do n't see how a transgender girl in the shower is going to be as dangerous as the bullying football player with a wet towel .
And of course the people behind this disgraceful ad , the Minnesota Child Protection League , are a religious bigot and tea party loons .
I just pray that God will be merciful . I do not understand . God is NOT homosexual and he talks about how dangerous this lifestyle is for our eternal souls . ( 1 Corithians 6:9-11 ) God created us Man and Women . Does this not express his “ good ” creation . No civilization has been able to survive this decision . It will be a rapid decline . We turn away from Him even though we know we do not make our own hearts beat , nor our own lungs breathe .
God also seems to have created us gay and straight , cis and trans . If he 's so all-powerful and intrusive that he 's making our hearts beat and our lungs breathe ( although as a biologist I 'd argue against that ) , then every time a trans woman takes a breath , she 's being given a gift from your god . Her pulse rebukes you . Who are you to deny her respect ?
Welcome to our new users
Rate and Keyword your work appropriately
Changes to the Sales system
Why is all this happening ?
Payouts to artists
A call for Donors
Updates to the Site
Reading Japanese does n't have to be painful !
Reading Japanese is n't hard - the people I see every day enjoying newspapers and novels are walking proof . But while reading is possible with a limited knowledge of Kanji , it can be a jarring experience .
Maybe you 'll read the material from your textbook , or some graded articles you stumbled across on the internet , but the content is so contrived that it bores you to tears ?
Or maybe you 'll pick out a book which looks like it matches your interests , but there are so many specialty-specific kanji that you spend more time looking things up in the dictionary than you do actually read ?
It feels like the road to reading something enjoyable is paved with years of unavoidable hard slog , but you know it should n't have to be .
Surely there are some popular Japanese books written at a level which you can understand - after all , there are even Japanese people who ca n't pass JLPT N1 . Kids , for starters .
But how would you find them ? It is difficult enough to pick out books you feel you might want to read , and even then you wo n't know if it matches your level until you 've already spent a good deal of energy .
But now you do n't have to weigh up books yourself - this list will do it for you !
Read Your Level automatically rates the difficulty of amazon.co.jp 's popular kindle ebooks , both free and paid . Books near the top have the least difficult kanji , while books near the bottom are choc-full of them .
Once you 've found a book title which strikes your fancy , just click it to get a breakdown of the frequency of any Joyo kanji in the first 5000 characters . Then , when you 're happy with your selection , follow the link to Amazon to get it !
Have a book you 'd like added to the list ? E-mail me at Let me know and as long as I can access it , I 'll add it for you , for free !
Would you like to hear about new books which match your level ? Sign up for our newsletter to be the first to discover new books and learn about improvements to our system which will super-charge your Japanese level !
Do n't miss out on books you want to read ! Drop your e-mail in the box .
Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
Indianapolis Colts outspoken owner Jim Irsay was excited as ever yesterday about his new acquisition . Right before the trade was announced , Irsay took to Twitter to get his fanbase riled up for what he presumes is the blockbuster trade of the year .
And again ...
The Colts traded a 2014 first round draft pick for Browns running back Trent Richardson .
While it was a surprise to the NFL world , and Colts fans are excited , a lof of NFL experts are n't all that impressed .
ESPN 's Adam Schefter brought up what Hall Of Fame running-back Jim Brown had to say about Richardson for example .
Let 's not take away credit from Jim Irsay for acquiring Richardson in the first place because his presence is an upgrade for the Colts . However , the former third overall pick is not a dealbreaker .
As for the Browns , this is a huge win for them . Richardson did n't do much for Cleveland in his rookie season , and now the Browns will have a chance to finally nab a franchise quarterback in the first round .
Near cannonball , N.D. — It is a spectacular sight : thousands of Indians camped on the banks of the Cannonball River , on the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota . Our elders of the Seven Council Fires , as the Oceti Sakowin , or Great Sioux Nation , is known , sit in deliberation and prayer , awaiting a federal court decision on whether construction of a $ 3.7 billion oil pipeline from the Bakken region to Southern Illinois will be halted .
The Sioux tribes have come together to oppose this project , which was approved by the State of North Dakota and the United States Army Corps of Engineers . The nearly 1,200-mile pipeline , owned by a Texas oil company named Energy Transfer Partners , would snake across our treaty lands and through our ancestral burial grounds . Just a half-mile from our reservation boundary , the proposed route crosses the Missouri River , which provides drinking water for millions of Americans and irrigation water for thousands of acres of farming and ranching lands .
Our tribe has opposed the Dakota Access pipeline since we first learned about it in 2014 . Although federal law requires the Corps of Engineers to consult with the tribe about its sovereign interests , permits for the project were approved and construction began without meaningful consultation . The Environmental Protection Agency , the Department of the Interior and the National Advisory Council on Historic Preservation supported more protection of the tribe 's cultural heritage , but the Corps of Engineers and Energy Transfer Partners turned a blind eye to our rights . The first draft of the company 's assessment of the planned route through our treaty and ancestral lands did not even mention our tribe .
The Dakota Access pipeline was fast-tracked from Day 1 using the Nationwide Permit No . 12 process , which grants exemption from environmental reviews required by the Clean Water Act and the National Environmental Policy Act by treating the pipeline as a series of small construction sites . And unlike the better-known Keystone XL project , which was finally canceled by the Obama administration last year , the Dakota Access project does not cross an international border — the condition that mandated the more rigorous federal assessment of the Keystone pipeline 's economic justification and environmental impacts .
On April 4 1994 Squaresoft ( which also went by simply Square sometimes ) released what many will still call their favorite game in the series , Final Fantasy VI . For those in North America , it was first released here on the Super Nintendo as Final Fantasy III and not on until October 20 . To help celebrate the 20 year anniversary we have complied a number of scenes , songs , and discussion about the one and only Final Fantasy VI
As Square continued making games in the Final Fantasy series they would implement new ideas and try to make the games individualistic . Final Fantasy I created the series , Final Fantasy II changed the leveling mechanics , Final Fantasy III introduced jobs , Final Fantasy IV implemented a huge story and Final Fantasy V brought back the job systems in a big way . Final Fantasy VI made use of all elements that came before it : it had a unique system for learning new magic , an engrossing story , and individualistic characters that took turns being the protagonist . The game excelled in so many ways that fans still clamor back to it .
When it came to the characters everybody had a specific class with benefits only to them . This was played up in the story , creating a cohesive world that felt real . This also meant that each character would perform specific actions in battle that no one else could , this made multiplayer a suitable and fun option for playing through the game with a friend . Once the player progressed in the story they could customize each character with which Espers they equipped and influence what spells each character would learn .
We are not the only people celebrating the 20th anniversary of Final Fantasy VI . Here is youtuber HappyConsoleGamer talking about how he felt about it .
The music for Final Fantasy VI is now considered legendary . Nobuo Uematsu is the composer that worked on the original soundtrack . The variance of the tracks along with the skill exhibited as been replicated and redone in many different ways . For example , Kefka 's song “ Dancing Mad ” is more nearly 18 minutes in length . The original score came on three separate compact discs and has continued to inspire today .
For fans of turn based RPG genre , or simply amazing stories in games , Final Fantasy VI is a must-play . Not too long ago , Final Fantasy VI was released for android and iOS however , the graphics are a bit too soft for most . Luckily , many smart phones can get emulators to play the original or at lease the Game Boy Advance release of the game .
After 20 years many fans still carry with them amazing memories and moments from this epic title Feel free to post and share some of your favorite moments . To send you off , here is a ridiculous video of Sabin using Suplex to lift and destroy the infamous Phantom Train .
And for the really dedicated fans looking for a serious nostalgia trip , here is a video demonstrating a huge display of attacks .
Opinion By Garrett Jutte
Kotaku
Final Fantasy VI Wiki
Disagreeable and closed to new ideas – that 's the picture that emerges of contributors to community-curated encyclopaedia Wikipedia from a survey of their psychological attributes .
Led by Yair Amichai-Hamburger of the Sammy Ofer School of Communication in Herzliya , Israel , a team of psychologists surveyed 69 Israeli contributors to the popular online encyclopedia , comparing them with a sample of 70 students matched for age and intensity of internet use .
All were given a short questionnaire called Real-Me , which tries to determine whether people prefer to express themselves in the real world or online , and a personality survey that gave ratings for five traits : openness to experience and ideas , conscientiousness , extroversion , agreeableness , and neuroticism .
Internet living
As Amichai-Hamburger expected , the Wikipedians were more comfortable online . “ They feel the internet is a more meaningful place to them , ” he says . But to his surprise , although Wikipedia is founded on the notion of openly sharing and collecting knowledge as a community , they scored low on agreeableness and openness .
Advertisement
“ Wikipedia in a way demonstrates the spirit of the internet , ” Amichai-Hamburger says . “ People contribute without any financial reward . ”
Amichai-Hamburger speculates that rather than contributing altruistically , Wikipedians take part because they struggle to express themselves in real-world social situations . “ They are compensating , ” he suggests . “ It is their way to have a voice in this world . ”
This is consistent with previous research on online communication , says Scott Caplan of the University of Delaware in Newark , who suspects that heavy users of sites such as Digg and Twitter may have similar characteristics . “ People who prefer online social behaviour tend to have higher levels of social anxiety and lower social skills , ” he says .
A recent study of YouTube users also suggested that contributors – people that upload videos – have egocentric rather than altruistic motives . Users whose postings received more hits were more likely to continue uploading videos .
Amichai-Hamburger is now surveying users of social network Facebook to see if sites based solely on friendly social interaction attract a different , more agreeable , type of person . “ That would be interesting , ” says Caplan .
Journal reference : CyberPsychology & Behavior ( DOI : 10.1089/cpb.2007.0225 )
KIEV ( Reuters ) - Ukraine plans to jam the airwaves transmitting broadcasts in support of Moscow-backed separatists in the eastern Donbass region , a top Ukrainian defense official said on Thursday .
The airwaves have become another battleground in the war between Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels that has dragged on for three years and killed more than 10,000 people despite a ceasefire agreed in 2015 .
Ukraine is concerned that people living in or close to separatist-held territory are flooded with TV and radio broadcasts that are biased towards the Russian view of the conflict .
Oleksander Turchynov , the Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council , said Ukraine was developing a project to block out hostile broadcasting in the conflict zone .
“ Information aggression is one of the most dangerous components of the hybrid war waged by Russia against us , ” his press service quoted him as saying .
“ Therefore , blocking the destructive influence of separatist and Russian information propaganda ... is one of our priorities . ”
The council has asked Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman to release funds for the project .
A spokeswoman for Turchynov told Reuters that equipment for the project had passed tests in the conflict zone but other details were secret .
Much of eastern Ukraine 's broadcasting infrastructure is controlled by the rebels or has been destroyed by the fighting . This has left Ukraine , whose own media typically characterizes separatists as ‘ Russia-sponsored terrorists ' , outgunned in an information war that has played a central role in the crisis .
In its fight for hearts and minds , Kiev is redoubling efforts to improve access to Ukrainian television and radio for the majority in the region who rely on roof-top aerials .
Ukraine unveiled a new TV tower in the east in December and said three more towers in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions were planned for 2017 .
But lawmaker Yurii Pavlenko , a member of a parliamentary committee on Freedom of Speech and Information Policy , told the TV channel 112 on Thursday that the government was not moving fast enough .
Pavlenko added that members of the committee would travel to the east in May to assess what was being done to expand Ukraine 's media reach .
As you may or may not know that there 's a a short film that 's taking the internet by storm called `` In a Heartbeat '' . In the short film it 's about a boy who is shy to confess his feelings to his crush ( who is also a boy ) so his heart literally takes the leap for him . I thought the short film was kind of good actually and great for the LGBT community . After the short film got positive reviews it quickly started a fandom , and people started doing fanfics ( I think ) , their own reviews , and fanart . So I thought to myself that because everyone was talking about this short film , why not make a fanfic about one of your favorite ships and write it in a AU with the events of the short film . So , I did , also FYI it 's kind of hard thinking of dialogue for the characters in this story because in the short film no one talked also this is my first ever fanfic
We start off at sunny day at a school
Dipper Pines ran to the entrance of the school as if he was running away from something . Then he stopped and think for a quick second
`` Where am I going to hide , where am I going to hide ? ! '' Dipper thought as he was rushing his mind to think about where to hide and he quickly jumped into the bushes
Just right after Dipper went to hide in the bushes a bush , a girl was walking towards the school , she was wearing a purple polo shirt with grey jeans , ugg boots , and had long blonde hair , she was currently reading a book and holding a apple . She was Pacifica Northwest
`` Hmm , interesting . `` Pacifica said as she 's currently reading a new page in her book
Dipper looked up with his right arm on his chest to see if Pacifica noticed him going into the bushes which she did n't and he continued to look at her . Dipper then climbed a tree to get a better view at her while she 's reading her book walking and did n't notice him .
Dipper got a view of her walking reading her book , throwing her apple into the air and catching it , and he saw how the sun shines on her .
`` Oh Pacifica Northwest , I wish you were mine . '' Dipper thought as he was having a beautiful look of Pacifica .
Dipper then got up on the tree branch to get a better look at her but he hit his head on a tree branch above him which got Pacifica attention . Dipper quickly got behind the tree .
`` Hmm , I wonder what was that noise ? '' Pacifica thought after Dipper got her attention .
After Dipper got behind the tree his heart begins to beat and it began to beat louder and faster by the second . Dipper then looked for a brief second if she noticed him . He then noticed the beating his heart was making .
`` Hey quiet '' . Dipper whispered . `` Shh , Shh , think Dipper think ? ! '' Dipper thought for a second . Dipper then put both of his arms on his chest so the beating noise of his heart would stop .
Dipper then quickly look for a second to see if Pacifica still noticed the noises .
`` Hmm , could be nothing . '' Pacifica said as she went back to her book and walking to the school .
Dipper then began to feel some movement in his chest like something was trying to get out of his hands .
`` What the ? '' Dipper thought as he felt something in his hands was trying to get out
Dipper then lets go of what was inside of his hands and it was his heart but with a face and arms and was the heart was all happy .
`` What the heck ? ! '' Dipper said as he was surprised that his heart got out of his chest and now has a face and arms
Dipper 's heart wanted to get near Pacifica so his heart grabbed him by a finger and try to pull him out of the tree so it and Dipper could get near Pacifica . Dipper then pull his heart a bit and he did n't want to go because he was too shy to get near Pacifica . But his heart wanted to go to Pacifica so badly that it did n't want to hide and stay in a tree . His heart tried to get a good grip on Dipper 's finger but he had a good grip on staying on the tree that his heart ultimately loss his grip went up in the air and landed on Pacifica 's hand while she was reading her book and throwing her apple in the air and catching it . She did n't really notice that Dipper 's heart landed on her hand .
When the heart landed on Pacifica 's hand it was dizzy when it landed then when she tossed the heart and catches it , the heart was super happy that it was on the hands of Pacifica Northwest .
Dipper then got up to see that his heart was literally in her hands and was super scared of it .
`` Oh geez , Oh geez , Oh geez , Oh gee ... '' Dipper said before falling down to the ground .
Dipper then quickly got Pacifica without her noticing . He then tried to get his heart out of Pacifica 's hand but Pacifica try to eat a bite of Dipper 's heart ( because she still thinks she 's holding a apple ) . The heart then tries to kiss her as she holds it near her mouth . Dipper tries to catch his heart but he misses and next thing he knows is that he 's holding Pacifica 's hand . Pacifica then noticed him holding her hand
`` Umm , what are you doing ? '' Pacifica asked Dipper as she was surprised that he was holding her hand .
`` Uhhh , nothing , sorry about that . '' Dipper awkwardly said after he lets go of Pacifica 's hand .
Dipper then noticed his heart in Pacifica 's book and try to get it but it was hard for him because his heart was flying around Pacifica 's body and laugh a bit but he finally caught his heart but he caught right behind Pacifica while she 's facing him and their faces were so close to each other that their noses almost touched . Dipper on the inside was both surprised and scared that he was that close to her face . Pacifica on the other hand was confused and wondered what is going on here .
`` Care to explain , why you were holding my hand and being so close to my face that our noses almost touched ? ! '' Pacifica said after wondering what is happening .
`` Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... '' Dipper said as the only response to her . `` Come on , Dipper , think of a way out of this ... I got it ? ! '' Dipper thought as he found a good idea to get out of the conversation and it was hiding in a trash can . So he quickly went inside and hide in the trash can while Pacifica was in front of him .
Pacifica was then confused of what happened She then waved to someone who was passing by her and Pacifica stopped to wonder about what happened to her and Dipper for a bit .
`` Who is that boy and what was that all about ? '' Pacifica thought .
She was almost about to go and see who was that boy hiding in the trash can but she was interrupted by the bell that she decided to just go back to what she was doing earlier and that was reading her book while walking to school .
Dipper 's heart then lift up the trash lid with Dipper himself and took a peek at Pacifica . Dipper 's heart really wanted to get near Pacifica that it got out of the trash can and grabbed Dipper 's finger and pulls him out of the trash can and drags him as it really wanted to get near her .
`` Wait , Wait , Wait , WAIT ! '' Dipper said as he failed to bring his heart and himself back to the trash can but he was surprised on how strong his heart was that it got him out of the trash can .
Dipper tried to slow down his heart as it drag him along straight forward and then Dipper was scared of where his heart was heading towards to and it was his crush . Dipper then tries to pull his heart to the right but his heart went back to the direction he was supposed to go . His heart was super excited to go near Pacifica that Dipper was so scared that he closed his eyes . Unfortunately , there was a rock in the grass that made Dipper slip and suddenly went up in the air and it was right near Pacifica who did n't even noticed that Dipper was in the air and was still reading her book . As Dipper was still in the air and almost above Pacifica he still had his heart in his palm . Dipper 's heart was so close to Pacifica 's head that it slightly touched Pacifica 's long blonde silky hair with Pacifica not even noticing . Dipper 's heart then left Dipper and followed Pacifica as Dipper landed on the ground and Pacifica going inside the school . Dipper then looked up to see Pacifica going inside of the school with his heart following her and going inside as well .
`` Oh no . '' Dipper said as if it 's the only thing that he could say right now in a situation like this .
Dipper then got up and ran to the school doors and gasped as he got in . What he saw was Pacifica looking confused as his heart was snuggling Pacifica 's face . Dipper then ran up and then tries to grab his heart 's arm . Dipper 's heart then notices and dodged Dipper 's hand , then it dodged it again and it tries to get back to Pacifica but Dipper already got a hold of its arm . Dipper then tries to pull his heart away from Pacifica but his heart was strong enough to pull Dipper 's arm and grab hold of Pacifica 's finger while Dipper was still grabbing his heart 's arm . After that Dipper and Pacifica stared at each other with Dipper on a scared look and Pacifica on a confused look .
`` W-who are you ? '' Pacifica asked Dipper calmly as she recognized that it 's the boy who almost touched her nose with his nose
Dipper did n't say anything as he was standing and still scared about what was happening . Then all of a sudden more people came and looked at Dipper and Pacifica and wondered what was happening .
`` What is happening . '' One person said .
`` Who are those two . '' Another person said .
`` What is the thing between them . '' Yet another person said .
Dipper then notice that people were looking at him and Pacifica and he was scared of the attention . As Dipper tried to pull his heart back as hard as he could it began to crack in the middle as it was still holding on to Pacifica 's finger and Dipper grabbing his arm and Dipper was scarred seeing it . He then looked at Pacifica who too was also look around and then looked at Dipper for a quick second and then looked down .
`` I 'm sorry . '' Dipper thought as if it was the only thing he could think of .
Dipper then pulled as hard as he can that his heart began to crack slowly . Dipper 's heart was so sad that it closed its eyes and broke into two pieces . Dipper then ran to the doors with one piece of his heart and Pacifica with the other piece . Pacifica then looked down at the other piece and then looked up in the distance as the doors closed .
Later ...
The day went from bright and sunny to grey and cloudy .
Dipper went back to the tree he was at earlier and sat on the ground as he felt depressed of what happened earlier . Dipper then looked down at his broken piece of his heart and he kept it in his palms . Dipper then laid his head back on the tree and looked up . The next thing that happens is Pacifica five feet away and walking slowly towards him . Dipper then noticed Pacifica slowly walking towards him .
`` Hey . '' Pacifica said in a friendly voice as it 's the only thing she could say to him after what happened inside the school
Dipper quickly turned his head and felt again scared and surprised that she 's back after that incident earlier and was afraid that he did n't want to embarrass himself again . Pacifica then walked towards him and lowered down . Pacifica tries to see what was inside his hands but Dipper refuses her to not see what 's in his hands and gets away from Pacifica 's hand . Dipper then looks up to Pacifica as she was about to say something .
`` Do n't worry , I wo n't bite . '' Pacifica said very calmly to Dipper as she tries to see what 's inside his hands .
Dipper nodded to Pacifica and let her see what was in his palms . What Pacifica saw was a broken piece of a broken heart . Pacifica then proceeds to get her broken piece from her pocket and she puts it together with the other broken piece . Once it was put back together Dipper 's heart came back to life once more . Dipper 's heart then float up to Dipper 's face and smiles at him . Pacifica proceeds to laid down on the tree and sit on the ground with Dipper . Pacifica then smiles back at Dipper 's heart and Dipper himself while his heart smiled happily . Pacifica then asked Dipper a simple question .
`` What was your name again ? '' Pacifica asked curiously .
Dipper then blushed a little that he was finally near his crush and was about to talk to her until he finally answered her question .
`` My name is Mason Pines , ( FYI Dipper 's real name is Mason for those of you who do n't know ) but people call me `` Dipper '' for a nickname and you must be Pacifica Northwest . '' Dipper said as he told her his answer .
`` Nice to meet you , Dipper . '' Pacifica said nicely as a response to Dipper 's answer
Dipper and Pacifica then stares and smile to each other and wondered what 's next for them . Then Dipper 's and Pacifica 's heart glows pink and started to make a normal Heartbeat .
The End .
Author : saber 2187
Based on the short film `` In a Heartbeat '' by Beth David and Esteban Bravo .
More on what Trump said in little Mogadishu , Minnesota yesterday ( earlier post is here ) . Dashing out , no time to say more . Read it all at Breitbart , here .
“ A Trump administration will not admit any refugees without the support of the local community where they are being placed , ” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told an enthusiastic crowd of more than 5,000 who greeted him at the Sun Country Airlines hangar of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport on Sunday .
Trump 's statement marked the first time he explicitly declared that if he is elected president , refugees will not be resettled “ without the support of the local community where they are being placed . ”
The Refugee Act of 1980 's “ consultation clause ” requires that the federal government and the director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement must consult with elected officials of state and local jurisdictions prior to the placement of refugees in their jurisdictions .
The Obama administration , however , has routinely failed to comply with this requirement . Only in the past several years have officials with the Office of Refugee Resettlement regularly communicated with states about refugees , but those communications typically come after the arrival of the refugees , rather than in advance of their arrival , as the Refugee Act of 1980 requires .
While the Refugee Act of 1980 requires the federal government to consult with local governments as well as state governments , Breitbart News has reported on several local governments who say they 've never received any communications from the federal government before or after the resettlement of refugees .
More here .
When Trump wins we can start talking about the details of how to reform or stop the UN/US State Department Refugee Admissions Program .
Unless there is incredible refugee news , this might be my last post until Wednesday because I have some election day duties tomorrow .
RAWALPINDI : Chief Of Army Staff ( COAS ) General Raheel Sharif on Thursday signed the death warrants of seven “ hardcore terrorists ” , said a statement released from the Inter-Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) . However , a quick look at their background suggests that many of these were caught for minor crimes .
Interestingly , this decision to extra-judiciously kill 7 rebels came on the same day Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif attacked India in the UN on the death of Kashmiri terrorist Burhan Wani .
These convicts were tried by a military court , with civilian judicial system having no say in the process .
In 2015 , 326 people were executed in Pakistan , 13 times more than the US , as against just 1 in India . Most of them were killed by hastily set-up Military courts on orders of Pakistan Army General .
“ They were also involved in sectarian killings . Firearms and explosives were also recovered from their possession , ” said the ISPR statement .
Details of the convicts
Mohammad Qasim Tori , Abid Ali and Mohammad Danish – Attacks on law enforcement , possession of firearms and explosives . Members of proscribed organisation .
Syed Jehangir Haider and Zeeshan – Involved in sectarian killings and attacks of law enforcement . Possession of firearms and explosives .
Mutabar Khan and Rehman Ud Din – Attacks on armed forces , law enforcement and peace committee members . Possession of firearms and explosives . Members of Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) .
The ISPR statement said the convicts have ‘ admitted ' their offences in the trial court .
Military courts
military courts are set up for trying not just military personnel but also civilians under amendments made to the Constitution and the Army Act .
President Mamnoon Hussain had also promulgated an ordinance further revising the recently amended Army Act to ostensibly aid the functioning of military courts by allowing for trials in camera , i.e without the presence of the public or the media , and over video link if necessary .
The Supreme Court in a majority ruling upheld the establishment of military courts in Pakistan .
Petitions challenging the 21st amendment were dismissed in August this year in a majority 11-6 vote of the 17-member SC bench . Chief Justice Nasirul Mulk and Justice Dost Muhammad announced the verdict .
In a 14-3 majority vote , petitions challenging the 18th amendment were also dismissed by the bench . Judges provided seven opinions and two additional notes on the ruling .
Byron York is reporting today that House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes has issued a subpoena to David Kramer ( pictured left ) , the aid to John McCain who was used as an arms-length go-between -traveling to Surrey , England- to meet with Christopher Steele and retrieve the Steele “ Russian Dossier ” in November 2016 .
Kramer was not given the dossier in England ; rather he was briefed in England , by Steele , and later given the dossier by Glenn Simpson ( Fusion GPS ) in the U.S .
A back-story timeline refresher :
Dossier author Christopher Steele reached out to Sir Andrew Wood , Britain 's former Ambassador to Russia ( '95-'00 ) in August 2016 ; one month after the FBI counterintelligence operation on Candidate Trump began ( July '16 ) .
Andrew Wood was the intelligence liaison Mr. Steele utilized in an effort to give his Russian Dossier increased credibility AFTER the FBI began using it . In essence the group around the dossier as constructed , saw how their trail was clearly political and they wanted to import/create an illusion of non-partisan political affiliation for the dossier .
Mr. Wood reaching out to Senator John McCain would give the sketchy Russian Dossier some increased credibility .
In November 2016 ( post election ) Andrew Wood traveled to the 2017 Halifax International Security Forum in Nova Scotia , Canada , where he met up with Senator John McCain .
Traveling with Senator McCain was a former State Dept . and current McCain Institute staffer , David J. Kramer . [ The McCain institute is essentially a political money laundering operation where foreign governments send money to Senator John McCain as a workaround due to U.S. laws prohibiting politicians accepting payment for services to foreign governments – similar to the Clinton Foundation . This is how McCain pays for his multimillion Arizona mansion and indulgent lifestyle . ]
Andrew Wood , John McCain and David J Kramer attended the Canadian conference where Wood informed McCain about the Russian Dossier on Donald Trump .
According to reporting from Catherine Herridge : ‘ British court records state McCain then ordered Kramer to get a personal briefing from Steele in Surrey , just outside of London , and then return to Washington , D.C. , where Fusion GPS ( Glenn Simpson ) would provide McCain with hard copies . '
That led to January 2017 when Senator McCain officially gave the dossier to the FBI . However , the FBI already had its own copy from Christopher Steele which was used in September and October 2016 as evidence in the FBI 's FISA application to justify wiretapping ( spying on ) Donald Trump .
WASHINGTON DC – House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes has issued a subpoena to David Kramer , a former State Department official who , in late November 2016 , traveled to London to receive a briefing and a copy of the Trump dossier from its author , former British spy Christopher Steele . Kramer then returned to the U.S. to give the document to Sen. John McCain . Kramer is a senior fellow at the McCain Institute for International Leadership at Arizona State University . McCain later took a copy of the dossier to the FBI 's then-director , James Comey . But the FBI already had the document ; Steele himself gave the dossier to the bureau in installments , reportedly beginning in early July 2016 . McCain , recovering in Arizona from treatments for cancer , has long refused to detail his actions regarding the dossier . For his part , Kramer was interviewed by the House Intelligence Committee on Dec. 19 . The new subpoena stems from statements Kramer made in that interview . In the session , Kramer told House investigators that he knew the identities of the Russian sources for the allegations in Steele 's dossier . But when investigators pressed Kramer to reveal those names , he declined to do so . Now , he is under subpoena . The subpoena , issued Wednesday afternoon , directs Kramer to appear again before House investigators on Jan. 11 . ( read more )
ps . I need some help . The rabbit hole is very deep . Amid the “ Trump Operation ” discoveries , almost all emphasis has been on the FBI side of the equation . Few people are paying attention to the DOJ side .
Here 's how you can help . I need to figure out who was involved on the DOJ side . In order to do that we need to find the DOJ officials who were inside the National Security Division at the time all of this was going down . 2016 through 2017 .
Can you help me fill in the names ?
Department of Justice NSD Link HERE
We need to discover , then research and timeline , who was in position C , D , E , F in the leadership ranks of the DOJ National Security Division in 2016 .
Any help is appreciated .
This research is valuable because it could entrap Sally Yates .
I know she is involved as a co-conspirator because of the specific manner in which she delivered testimony . However , I 'm not sure who ( how vast ) was the DOJ network who worked with her on the scheme .
Advertisements
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lee Hendrie is convinced Joe Cole can become a central character for Aston Villa – providing he is played in his best position by Paul Lambert .
Hendrie will see Cole at close quarters during this week 's Texas tour after joining the squad in the States in a meet-and-greet capacity .
The former Villa midfielder chatted to Cole during the flight from Heathrow to Dallas on Saturday and discussed the new boy 's favourite role .
Hendrie and Cole himself hopes the ex-West Ham , Chelsea , Liverpool and Lille playmaker will be used as a central No.10-style creator for Villa .
“ I was speaking to Joe on the plane and he was saying he 's been playing in a lot of different positions over the last five or six years , ” said Hendrie .
“ As a player sometimes you get pushed out . He was saying about being at Chelsea and playing out wide .
“ He likes to be more in that central role where we know he 's going to be effective and he 's going to create stuff .
“ That 's what we 've been crying out for . I said that to Joe , it would be great to see him in that central role trying to slip balls through and create a different dimension going forward , which we know he 's capable of . ”
Mat Kendrick watched Joe Cole play 45 minutes against Mansfield Town
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hendrie is encouraged that proven Premier League players including Cole and fellow new signings Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson will add some much-needed know-how to the squad .
“ Joe was a little bit younger than me , but we know what he can do and with the experienced heads that have come in with Senderos and Richardson , they 're players that are only going to benefit the squad we 've got , ” said Hendrie .
“ The two centre-halves with Ron Vlaar and Senderos will give us a solid backline and having Brad Guzan behind them is superb . ”
Senderos linked up with the squad for the first time to fly to the States after a short break following World Cup duty with Switzerland .
Guzan was also given time off after being at Brazil 2014 with the U.S. national team and is set to join the group this week after a brief vacation in his homeland .
Vlaar is the main player conspicuous by his absence with the captain , who made the semi-finals with Holland , not due to report back until after the tour .
Speculation continues to surround the skipper 's future with new Southampton boss Ronald Koeman revealing he would like to sign his Dutch compatriot .
“ Ron would definitely be an option , ” said Koeman . “ But I think he wo n't be cheap right now . Let 's just wait and see . ”
Villa arrived at their base at The Westin Stonebriar hotel in Frisco , Dallas , at the weekend ahead of Wednesday night 's friendly against FC Dallas .
They also play Houston Dynamo on Saturday evening and Hendrie admits the two Major League Soccer opponents should prove a useful test for Lambert 's squad .
“ They will be good challenges , ” said Hendrie , who will be meeting fans , playing in supporters ' matches and taking part in community events during the tour .
“ The American league is pushing on , you 've seen a lot of players heading over to play in the MLS , like Jermain Defoe .
“ It 's picking up . The teams are starting to get a lot stronger . It 's better than playing the likes of League Two and League One clubs . ”
This is a short follow-up to my article , “ Uncapped Look-Ahead and the Information Horizon “ , in which I proposed the concept of an information horizon : the distance between the current turn , and the point at which information becomes known to a player ( usually , but not always , this means that it has become “ public information ” ) .
A simpler way to word it is , “ how much time do players have to react to new information ? ” In the case of rolling a die to hit , you have zero time to respond , so in this case the “ information horizon ” would be right up in the player 's face . Alternatively , drawing cards to a public market or revealing new terrain via fog of war tends to lend the player a few turns / some time to respond to that new information before it affects the gamestate .
I also discussed the issue in Episode 6 of the 3 Minute Game Design YouTube series .
This concept is important because one of my guidelines for strategy game design is that , as I talk about in the video , if the information horizon is too close , the line of causality and the final outcome quickly starts being disassociated with that of the player 's performance—which is what we 're trying to measure in a strategy game , after all . If the information horizon is too far away , we get a “ look-ahead contest ” situation where it largely comes down to who calculated ( solved ) more of the available game state . This is mostly a brief review of things I 've talked about the above linked articles/videos .
The new thing I want to suggest today is : Assuming a reasonable degree of goal feedback efficiency , we should strive for as little calculation as possible . To phrase it another way , in any game that 's good enough to be worth playing , you should try to minimize the amount of calculation that 's possible .
A reasonable degree of goal feedback efficiency
When we look at a game , “ goal feedback efficiency ” is a rough approximation that we can make that describes how accurate the end state of the game is with regards to player performance . A game with perfect goal feedback efficiency would give a win to the player who made stronger inputs 100 % of the time . A game with good goal feedback efficiency would give a win to the player who made stronger inputs somewhere about 90 % of the time .
Every game needs to have a pretty high degree of this , without exception . I 'm not sure what the number exactly is , but I would say if it gets much lower than , say , 85-ish % , it starts becoming hard to “ trust ” a game . If you have less efficiency than that , it becomes hard to defend playing the game .
I would not play a 75 % efficiency game . Why ? Because a quarter of my matches are sending me false signals about my performance . That might not sound like too big a deal , but it becomes a very big deal when the player has no way of really knowing which matches are the false signals and which are n't .
The classic answer to this problem is that figuring out which matches to believe and which to chalk up to randomness is part of the skill of the game . First , this strikes me as an attempt to make excuses for what exists , rather than an actual suggestion about what makes for good game design .
But beyond that , I do n't think that this is possible in an unsolved game . It 's hard for me to believe that a person could play a complex game , barely cling to enough understanding to pull off a win , and then also , on top of that , have enough additional systemic understanding determining that this win was because of random effects and not their own agency . In other words : if you have a balanced game , players will be understanding the system just well enough to win or lose – they will be playing at their maximum capacity . So it 's unreasonable to expect players to be able to also interpret their win/loss as to whether it 's just based on randomness or not .
Ideally , games would have a 95+ % efficiency rating , and I actually do n't think that that 's too hard to pull off . It does n't mean you ca n't have some random variance ; it just means that the random variance should be sufficiently input variance so that players can account for it , and to the extent that there is some output variance , they 're small enough in impact and there are enough of them so that they mostly average out . Hundreds of small ( +-10 % ) random damage variance over the course of a match is probably OK , but a couple of critical card-draw failures throughout a match probably is n't .
This is actually a pretty practical concern . Having a low efficiency rating means it will simply take the player too long to explore your system . In the finite number of hours they 're going to give your game , the amount of “ effective depth ” ( depth the player can access ) drops quickly after 95 % and then plummets when you go much lower .
Of course , today 's game players who are used to playing stuff like Hearthstone will probably do it anyway , but for game designers who want to potentially someday make something better than Hearthstone , it is critical that we understand and internalize this idea .
…As little calculation as possible
So , if you 've got this roughly 95 % efficiency rating ( which you should ! ) , then we can ask the question : how much calculation should your game allow for ? Or put another way : where should your information horizon be ? Quick definitions :
Quickly , a couple of terms : Calculation , for the purposes of this article , means solving . It means literally following logical courses of action to their deterministically guaranteed outcomes . When one does “ look-ahead ” in games , they are typically doing calculation . Sifting through public , deterministic game states in Connect Four is a great example of calculation .
Analysis , on the other hand , is a word I use for the kind of “ thinking ” in games that does n't fall in that category . When you ca n't calculate , you use a looser , heuristic estimation process , and I call that analysis .
So back to my claim :
Assuming a reasonable degree of goal feedback efficiency , we should strive for as little calculation as possible .
Obviously we can create a game with zero calculation – perhaps something like the card game War , or maybe ( a single match of ) Rock , Paper , Scissors . In these , we 've brought the information horizon to “ right up in your face ” – once the other player has played Rock , you ca n't do anything about that . But we 've also destroyed our goal feedback efficiency . Wins have nothing to do with player performance .
The point is , you do need some degree of determinism in games ; some “ causal line ” that goes from the player 's input and stretches out into the system to some extent . But by using input randomness smartly and carefully selecting the position of the information horizon , you can ( and should ) reduce the calculate-able ( solvable ) parts of your game down to a reasonable level .
This is n't just a matter of “ balancing ” goal feedback efficiency and calculation . It 's much more like , goal feedback efficiency has a floor that it really just ca n't go below ( 95 , mayyyybe 90 % ) no matter what , whereas calculation is much more flexible .
This is because the downside to too much calculation is that the game is a little too solvable , but still totally skill based . In short , it 's a little bit too much like Chess . It 's kind of OK for games to lean into being a little bit Chess-like .
The downside to too little goal-feedback-efficient is that the game becomes indistinguishable from noise , and totally unplayable to anyone who 's alert to this kind of problem . Granted , there are a lot of people who will happily play this kind of game anyway , as so many popular games fall into this category these days , but my writing has never been about “ game design guidelines that help you make games people wo n't know better than to play ” . My game design guidelines are about helping you make good games .
If you build a strong system , with a well-placed information horizon , this new guideline is going to be met somewhat naturally . But it 's another way to test a system you 're already working with and to understand the information horizon concept .
—
Enjoyed this article ? Consider supporting my work on Patreon.com !
Parents in Maryland are suing public school administrators over concerns that a classroom lesson attempted to indoctrinate their daughter into the Islamic faith .
In an incredible lawsuit filed in US district court last week , Melissa Wood and her husband John Wood , an eight-year US Marine Corps veteran , claim the La Plata Public School violated the First Amendment by promoting “ Islam over other faiths , such as Christianity or Judaism . ”
The Woods claim their daughter , identified as C.W . in court documents obtained by Infowars , was assigned lessons and homework in her 11th grade World History class which “ required the students… to profess statements on the teachings and beliefs of Islam in written worksheets as graded homework assignments , ” violating the family 's Christian faith .
According to the lawsuit , “ C.W . and her classmates in 11th grade World History were instructed that ‘ Most Muslim 's faith is stronger than the average Christian . ' ”
Additionally , “ C.W . also had to profess the Shahada , by claiming , ‘ There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah , ' ” the lawsuit reads .
“ This statement is in direct contradiction to C.W . 's deep-seeded Christian beliefs and heritage that it is sinful to express that there is any other god but the monotheistic Christian God . ”
The Woods also took issue with C.W . being instructed that “ 'jihad ' is a ‘ holy war waged on behalf of Islam as a religious duty . ”
The lawsuit claims the history class instructed students to read from the text of the Qur'an and directed them “ to learn and recite the Five Pillars of Islam . ”
From the lawsuit :
“ C.W . and her classmates in 11th grade World History were instructed that the Islamic religion is a fact while Christianity and Judaism are just beliefs . For example that the ‘ Qur'an is the word of Allah as revealed to Muhammad in the same way that Jews and Christians believe the Torah and the Gospels were revealed to Moses and the New Testament writers , ' and that Muhammad was visited by the Angel Gabriel who proclaimed to him that there is only one true god . “ C.W . and her classmates in 11th grade World History were instructed from the Qur'an that “ Men are the managers of the affairs of women ” and that “ [ r ] ighteous women are therefore obedient. ” This statement conflicts with Plaintiffs and C.W . 's Christian beliefs and heritage that C.W . is blessed by God with the talents , gifts , and abilities to manage her own affairs and to place her obedience with God . ”
In contrast to the two weeks spent promoting Islam , the lawsuit alleges , the class “ only spent one day discussing Christianity ” and did not cover the bible or “ learn any tenants of Christianity… such as the Ten Commandments . ”
The parents say the class also used two different textbooks , the first of which students could take home but which did not contain a chapter devoted to Islam , and a second which stayed at school which did contain additional sections on Islam .
Furthermore , Wood claims when he called the school and asked for his daughter to be assigned a different lesson , administrators retaliated against him by issuing a no trespass order .
The school district further discriminated against C.W . “ by removing her from the academic environment of her World History class , relegating her to the student library , and issuing her failing grades on assignments because C.W . refused to deny and insult her Christian beliefs by affirming , for example , that Muslims hold stronger faith convictions than Christians . ”
“ Plaintiffs John and Melissa Wood objected to their minor child , C.W. , being given religious instruction and being indoctrinated in Islam as part of her public high school education . ”
In a statement to WTOP , Charles County Public School administrators said the teachings were part of a lesson on how the religion “ along with politics , culture , economics and geography , contributed to the development of the Middle East . ”
“ When learning about the development of China and India , students examine Hinduism and Buddhism , ” the statement said .
The Woods say the incident has caused them “ irreparable harm , including the loss of their fundamental constitutional rights , entitling them to declaratory and injunctive relief . ”
Read the Woods ' complaint below :
One theory about the future is that robots will take most of the jobs , most of national income will go to capital owners , and mass unemployment will result from lack of demand for labor . What should we be doing now to prepare for this , and what should n't we be doing do ?
One suggestion is to begin ushering in greater public ownership of capital . If the government owns capital , then high returns to capital ownership will mean more government revenue which we can redistribute to the population . So we raise capital gains taxes , and start establishing a sovereign wealth fund .
The problem with this is that we are not yet in an economy with massive productivity growth . Indeed , the economy is suffering from worryingly low productivity growth right now . If we did have very high rates of growth , then raising taxes on capital would be less of a concern . This would give us a huge tailwind for the economy , and it would swamp the growth dampening effects that would come from a significant capital gains taxes and a big increase in the size of government .
An especially big concern with this plan is that we have seen a decline in the number of high growth young firms . If the `` solution '' to the domination of capital is to socialize capital , then there is no incentive for high growth young firms . Again , if labor demand is already zilch and productivity growth is massive then this is not as much of a concern . But this is not the world we live in . As it is , you can imagine businesses being worried by the government taking the first steps to socializing ownership `` just in case '' .
Finally , even if we want to raise taxes right now , there are many immediate uses with high returns . A sovereign wealth fund wo n't help us get better ( and more affordable ) infrastructure , nor will it improve health and educational outcomes for poor families .
Instead , if we wish to get ready for the robots taking all of our jobs we should be doing far more research and experiments with Universal Basic Income . This is a policy that essentially gives everyone a check , no strings attached . Some are already declaring that UBI `` is an idea whose time has finally come '' , but hopefully this means the time has come to test smaller scale experiments . We do n't need an UBI right now , but we do need to start learning more about them .
A big problem is how expensive a UBI would be . It would cost a trillion dollars in the US if you just wanted to halve the current U.S. poverty rate . To justify the costs , it is often suggested that there will be all sorts of positive spillover benefits , for example better educational and health outcomes for children . However , the evidence in favor of this is not great . For example , James Heckman and Stefano Mosso argue that `` empirical literature suggests that unrestricted income transfers are a weak reed for promoting child skills '' . More specifically , they say :
The literature on credit constraints and family income shows that higher levels of parental resources , broadly defined , promote child outcomes . However , a clear separation of parental resources into pure income flows , parental environmental variables , and parental investment has not yet been done . It is premature to advocate income transfer policies as effective policies for promoting child development .
This is an overview of the literature , and there is of course some evidence that cash transfers promote better outcomes . But overall the evidence is n't great . But this does n't mean it wo n't work ! And indeed , if the robots are going to be taking all of our jobs it might be worth doing anyway . So for right now we should be doing more and better experiments on unconditional cash transfers so we know what the likely outcomes will be , and perhaps whether the program can be targeted or tweaked in some way to more effectively promote outcomes .
Overall , it 's true there is a lot of slack in the labor market , but the employment to population ratio for people ages 25 to 54 is still 78 % . There are still a lot of jobs . To declare that we should start embracing post-work world policies is getting a bit ahead of ourselves . Let 's wait to enact the radical big spending policies after the massive productivity growth that would make it more affordable has actually shown up . In the meantime , we should be doing lots of experiments to better understand what happens when we just give people cash .
A dead moron from Maine was killed instantly when he fired a firework off from the top of his head . Predictably , he will now be used as a prop to advocate for stricter controls thanks to a grieving parent… who ought to bear at least some of the blame .
Want To Read The Libertarian Republic Without Ads ? Click here !
From the AP :
The mother of a man who tried to launch a firework off the top of his head for July Fourth and was killed instantly said Monday she 's advocating for stricter controls about who can use the explosives . Devon Staples , 22 , and his friends had been drinking and setting off fireworks Saturday night in a backyard in Staples ' eastern Maine hometown , Calais , when the accident happened with a reloadable firework mortar tube , police have said . Staples ' mother , Kathleen Staples , said she is going to reach out to lawmakers about the possibility of tighter controls over fireworks . The state should consider requiring safety training courses before allowing someone to use them , she said . She compared fireworks with other regulated items such as cars and guns . “ At least it 'd be a little bit more than , ‘ Here you go , ' ” Staples said . “ That 's an explosive . They did n't just hand me a license and put me in the car. ” Devon Staples also had lived in the Orlando , Florida , area , where he worked as a performer portraying Disney characters such as Gaston from “ Beauty and the Beast ” and Goofy , his mother said . She said he believed the firework was “ a dud ” that was unlikely to hurt him . State Fire Marshal Joe Thomas said that is unlikely because the mortar had been fired once previously and he “ ca n't imagine someone would anticipate that it was a dud. ” Staples ' death is the first fireworks fatality in Maine since it legalized fireworks on Jan. 1 , 2012 , authorities said . Lawmakers had voted to repeal a 1949 law banning fireworks , reasoning the industry would create jobs and generate revenue . Democratic Rep. Michel Lajoie , a retired fire chief from Lewiston who has pushed to repeal Maine 's fireworks law in the past , said Monday that he 's considering trying to introduce another measure next year but acknowledged it faces long odds . Retailers have fiercely opposed any effort in the Legislature to restrict the use of fireworks . Lajoie said even a ban might not prevent injuries and deaths . “ They 're going to say , ‘ Well , you ca n't regulate stupidity ' … and it 's true , you ca n't . But the fact of the matter is you have to try something , ” Lajoie said . “ I 'm not giving up . ”
Now I know what you 're going to say . Austin , you 're an asshole . How can you be so mean to someone whose family member was just killed ?
Shut up . Just shut up . I 'm sick and tired of every time some idiot parent 's dumbass kid gets dead , the rest of us have to suffer in polite silence while politicians line up to take up whatever because they 're fronting to punish the rest of us . Let 's localize the stupidity , instead of spreading it to the rest of us .
The kid did us all a favor by taking himself out of the gene pool . Does that sound harsh ? Well , too bad . America was n't founded so we could be safe from fireworks . It was founded so we could be free to be whatever the hell we want . In this case , if you 're an idiot , you 're also free to be dead .
When fascism comes to America , it will be sold to us with a politician standing on the graves of some parent grieving over their dead kid .
Fireworks retailers should have every right to sell their wares , caveat emptor . If you are n't intelligent enough not to know that putting a mortar on your head and lighting it might blow your head off… that 's not their fault . I 'm even against there being warning labels on fireworks .
Why ? Well , it 's not that I want to kill all the stupid people… I 'm not that harsh . It 's that I want to take off all the warning labels to let the problem sort itself out on its own .
2017 Mixed Club Player of the Year , Presented By Universe Point
And the award goes to ...
Ultiworld 's 2017 Mixed Club Awards are presented by Universe Point cleats ; all opinions are those of the authors . Please support the brands that make Ultiworld possible and shop at Universe Point !
Ultiworld is pleased to announced our second annual Mixed Club Player of the Year award . While we consider both regular season and postseason performance , because of the nature of the club division , we weight success in the Series and at Nationals above all else . The All-Club teams and awards are selected based on input from Ultiworld reporters , contributors , and editors .
2017 Mixed Club Player Of The Year
Mark Burton ( Seattle Mixtape )
Mark Burton returned to Seattle Mixtape this season after spending the previous two on Seattle Sockeye and was the final piece that transformed the Mixtape offense . Earlier in his career , Burton was mainly a downfield threat , but he transformed into a handler with a knack for finding open targets in the end zone . After leading the AUDL in total points , including 81 assists , he stepped into the main O-line handler spot for Mixtape and carried his AUDL performance into the Club season . With Mixtape emphasizing structure in their offense , Burton was at the center of it all , directing traffic and unlocking defenses with his throwing ability .
Racking up seven goals and 23 assists in Sarasota , he also led the the team in touches in their semifinal and final victories over Boston Slow White and Philadelphia AMP . A 93 % completion percentage on 58 throws against two of the toughest defenses in the mixed division is no small feat and highlighted his importance over the entire season . Game after game , the Mixtape offense looked to Burton whenever they needed a hold , and he would come through . With an uncanny ability to get free from even the most tenacious handler defenders , Burton was the safety valve when the offense stalled out .
Seattle has always boasted a strong group of cutting talent , and picking up players like Abbie Abramovich and Paige Kercher meant that defenses could not focus on a single big addition — Burton took full advantage . His vision and patience was the edge Mixtape needed to make its offense unstoppable this year . In the semifinal against Slow White , Burton had a goal and six assists on the Mixtape offensive line , plus several clutch throws to escape tough sideline trap defenses . The Seattle O-line gave up just a single break in their victory over Boston .
An underrated ability for a handler is awareness of where each player on the field is at any given time . Burton 's game sense and rock-solid throwing skill keeps downfield defenders reacting to every move from Mixtape 's cutters , wearing down a defense and making it that much easier to find openings . Burton uses this vision to direct traffic from any spot on the field . Equally comfortable in the stack or behind the disc , any given point will see Burton calling for cutters to change what they are doing downfield or adjusting the handler set on the fly to keep defenses honest .
Burton 's familiarity with so many of the Mixtape personnel from previous years with the team made for a seamless transition from Men 's to Mixed . With nine of his teammates also playing for the Seattle Cascades in the AUDL , that part of the roster had a chance to gel as a unit well before the club season truly got underway . Burton and Brad Houser were always on the same page in Sarasota , regularly finding each other in narrow windows , but Burton never seemed to force any throws or take any ill-advised deep shots .
Watch Burton on any given point : you will see a full range of handler abilities on display . Reliability is a vital trait for any handler at this level , and Burton always seems to take what the defense is giving him and deliver flat , catchable throws regardless of the conditions or the pressure from his opponents .
When cutting out of the dump set , he shows off his lateral quickness , keeping his mark guessing with several quick jab steps and head fakes . All the while he reads his defender and his teammate , picking the right time to move before exploding into space for a reset . Finally , his history as a cutter shows in his timing and usage of space . Never seeming to crowd when cutting for a reset , he also knows how best to open up the underneath space for easy gains .
While Burton might be the obvious pick , there 's a reason for it : he was the engine behind one of the most effective offenses in the mixed division and capped off a standout regular season with Seattle Mixtape 's first National Championship . Hard to top that .
1st Runner-Up : Anna Thompson ( Philadelphia AMP )
2017 has been a phenomenal year for Anna Thompson . Rumors of her talent caused ripples in 2016 and a USA U24 invitation raised a few eyebrows . Still , an unassuming season with UPenn and a short spell with Philadelphia Green kept her from the national spotlight . Despite this being her first year of elite mixed ultimate,1 Anna Thompson made a case not just as the best player on her team but perhaps as the best woman in the entire division .
Standing out on a team with the depth of talent that Philadelphia AMP had this season is no easy feat . With no shortage of highlight reel plays around her , Thompson still managed to drop jaws in nearly every game she played this season . As a primary handler for AMP 's O-line , she was constantly breaking marks effortlessly or launching mammoth hucks . Her ability to get open in small spaces and make dazzling toe-the-line catches made Thompson a favorite red zone target for Philadelphia . And she 's no slouch on defense , either , coming over for D points when needed for her ability to disrupt throwing lanes or earn layout blocks .
But perhaps the most unexpected role Thompson played this year was that of a calm , collected presence under pressure — quite surprising given that she is one of the youngest players to ever receive a POTY nod in any club division . ( ( Along with her fellow runner-up . ) ) She led AMP in points played in both their semifinal and final games and racked up five assists , two goals , and three blocks — including a massive layout block on double championship point .
“ [ Anna 's ] clutch plays and calm execution apparent at Nationals were there from the start of the competitive season , ” said AMP coach Patrick Sherlock . “ Under pressure she 's the same teammate she always is , she just executes even better . ”
2nd Runner-Up : Tannor Johnson ( Boston Slow White )
When Tannor Johnson arrived in the Mixed Division last year , he did so as a fully-formed all-around threat , despite having only just completed his freshman year in college . There was no bumpy transition period , no steep learning curve , and no friction trying to integrate with his already well-established team . He simply showed up and was a plug-and-play monster , dominating the division both with his tremendous athleticism and intelligent maturity . This year , he got even better . It 's staggering to think he 's still only 20 years old .
At the start of the year , Boston deployed Johnson almost exclusively on the D-line to help plug holes left by a number of key departures from last season 's title-winning side . He hounded opponents ' top offensive threats with his physical presence and smartly helped his teammates in the deep space , gobbling up any throw inside his considerable range of influence . Then , he served as the focal point of the offense on the turn . On double game point against Mixtape at the Pro Elite Challenge , Johnson marked up on Khalif El-Salaam , stuffing him with a handblock at midfield before taking off deep to receive the game-winning bookends score . It was the kind of clutch , all-around impact that the UMass junior delivered for Boston all season long .
As the summer wore on , Johnson crossed over more and more to help steady the ship for Slow White 's O-line . While the depth of talent in the mixed division continues to improve each year , Johnson may have been the only player in the country who was completely matchup-proof . Defenders essentially had to choose between forcing him under and accepting that he could control the pace of the offense by going every other or forcing him out and all but inviting Slow White to score in a one-throw possession by putting up a huck .
By Nationals , Johnson was playing as many points as he could handle , going both ways and making a difference each time he stepped on the field . He racked up 15 goals , eight assists , and four blocks in Sarasota , spending as much time shutting down opposing cutters as he did dominate the deep space on offense . Even amidst a season of heavy turnover and transition for Slow White , Johnson 's efforts were enough to push Boston back to the semifinals and kept him in the thick of the POTY conversation from day one through the last day of the club season .
`` That lady is my hero '' -MeeloYeah , that pretty much sums it up. -- -- If you do n't know who this is , get up , right now , and go watch Avatar : Legend of Korra . Do it . Right now . I 'll wait ... You do it ? Awesome . Is n't she great ? From the moment she stepped on screen I knew I was going to have to do some fan art for her . As the show progressed , I knew that I could n't just do anything ; I had to give her the best damn piece of fan art I could muster . And because of that , I 've put off doing this for the last half a year , because I knew I would get really sucked into it . Which I did . But if I mess with it any more at this point , I 'm likely to ruin it.Thank you Michael Dante DiMartino & Bryan Konietzko for creating such a wonderful woman . She totally stole the show . < 3 < 3 < 3Pose was referenced from this : [ link ]
Facebook has confirmed a Washington Post report indicating that its ad sales team had sold advertising to a `` shadowy Russian company '' ahead of the 2016 Presidential election . These sponsored FB posts , in turn , were used to `` target '' American voters , either by directly naming presidential candidates or by focusing on `` politically divisive issues . ''
This information was disclosed to congressional investigators , according to `` several people familiar with the company 's findings , '' after an internal Facebook investigation this spring linked $ 100,000 of ad buys to a Russian company known as the Internet Research Agency . The WP 's sources described the company as a pro-Kremlin `` troll farm . '' Facebook 's investigation confirmed , via `` digital footprints , '' that 3,300 ads from 470 `` suspicious and likely fraudulent Facebook accounts and pages '' were all linked to the same Russian company .
Those ads were targeted , according to an unnamed Facebook official , at users who 'd `` expressed interest '' in politically charged topics such as African-American social issues , the Second Amendment , immigration , and the LGBT community . Facebook declined to show congressional investigators the exact content of these ads , citing both the company 's data policy and federal law about disclosing user data and content .
Facebook 's official post on the matter confirmed nearly every detail in the WP 's report , while clarifying that this ad analysis covered a span of nearly two years , from June 2015 to May 2017 . It estimated that 25 percent of the ads in question were geographically targeted and that `` more ran in 2015 than 2016 . '' Facebook pointed out these ads ' intent to `` amplify divisive messages , '' and this intent was also demonstrated in techniques spelled out by the company 's April 2017 white paper .
The official post mentioned an additional , broader net cast to identify other Russia-connected ads sold during that span— '' with very weak signals of a connection and not associated with any known organized effort , '' it clarified . This additional pool of ads totaled $ 50,000 spent on roughly 2,200 ads .
`` We have shared our findings with US authorities investigating these issues , and we will continue to work with them as necessary , '' the Facebook post said .
Neither the WP report nor Facebook 's official confirmation answered exactly how many users were reached by these ads . Ars Technica loaded a Facebook ad-purchase order to buy $ 100,000 of advertising that targeted anyone interested in `` the Second Amendment '' or `` illegal immigration , '' and it quoted a `` potential reach '' of 1.4 million Facebook users . This was before narrowing the ad buy any further with other topics or location-specific filters . It could very well differ from the reach of a similar ad buy in 2016 .
Any ad purchases as described by this WP report would violate FEC rules prohibiting foreign nationals and governments from either spending money or making contributions that influence US elections on the federal , state , or local level .
As the WP points out , this revelation follows a Time report from May claiming that US intelligence officials had found proof of politically targeted , Kremlin-affiliated Facebook ad buys during the 2016 Presidential election . At the time , a Facebook representative said that the company had seen `` no evidence '' of such ad-buying activity .
Published by Ewan Spence at 12:55 UTC , November 4th 2013
Google 's recent release of version 4.4 of Android has many goals , but one of them is to address Android 's suitability for lower spec handsets . While Android has built up market share on high-end devices , this focus on a slick experience at the low end is something that Microsoft and Windows Phone have already got under control . Now is the time for WP to drive that advantage home .
This should be an area where Windows Phone can easily beat Android . Windows Phone is a much more efficient operating system . When you move down to lower spec hardware , Windows Phone will be consistently better until you hit the base limit that Microsoft has set .
That 's not always the case with Android . There is no hard limit that specifications must match to run the open source version of Android , so the lower specced phones can go very low in terms of CPU and memory , and Android will still be able to be installed on these devices . But if manufacturers are looking to be Android Compatible , and to ship with the Google apps on their device , they will need to meet the Compatibility Definition Document .
This does give Google some control over the hardware that comes out with their seal of approval , but there is still a lot of scope for low-end models to reach the market where the user experience is diminished . Personally , I think the Windows Phone model has the edge here . The lowest specs are able to run the OS as efficiently ( albeit on much lower resolution screens ) as the latest Snapdragon 800 powered flagships . The only tweak I would make is to ensure that every device has a minimum of 8GB internal storage - while the OS runs with 4GB of storage it effectively bars you from using third party apps because there is no room for them , their data files , and the other temporary files .
It 's also worth noting that any Android 4.4 low-end devices will not be entering the fray with a blank sheet of paper . There will be hundreds of thousands of apps in the Google Play that will be able to be installed on these lower end Android devices . Admittedly many of them ( especially from the gaming side of things ) will not match the experience of the games on a Snapdragon 800 equipped Android device , but the perception in the high street is that 'Android is Android ' and these high-end devices will still run the apps that everyone in the office with a Galaxy S4 talk about .
That 's assuming that people buying these handsets actually want a smartphone to do smartphone-y things - if they just want a cheap handset with basic functions , expect more and more Android handsets to be geared to this 'feature phone ' space .
But let 's not count Windows Phone out of this game so far . The people coming in to buy the low-end smartphones are , with the best will in the world , not going to be on top of all the news and details of the smartphone world . They 'll be looking for a phone that fulfils a certain function - and will probably list phone calls , emails , camera and web as the features they are looking for .
Given that , there 's no technical reason why Windows Phone can not compete . The chances are that the apps that they may recognise ( Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , to name three likely candidates ) are either on Windows Phone , or due `` in the next few weeks . '' The Lumia 520 ( with some help from the Lumia 521 on T-Mobile USA ) is already the best selling Windows Phone device on sale and has caught the imagination of the buying public .
Microsoft already has a foothold in the lower-end of the market . With the latest update to Android , Google is gunning for the same market - it 's time for Windows Phone to dig in . If Microsoft can promote the advantages of Windows Phone running on high-end hardware , if it can have attractive and fashionable options in store with a sense of style , and if it can ensure that sales staff want to sell the low-end devices , then Microsoft can stand toe-to-toe with Android and win the low-end market .
French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will support the Commission if it decides to trigger Article 7 against Warsaw next week , the two told a joint press conference at the end of a two-day EU summit on Friday ( 15 December ) .
But they also voiced hope that Poland 's new Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki would do what it takes to avert the sanctions through a dialogue with the Commission .
It was Morawiecki who first said he expects the EU to impose unprecedented sanctions next week , a move that could strip his government of its voting rights in the European Council , over Poland 's controversial court reforms .
Polish PM expects ‘ nuclear ' article 7 to be triggered next Wednesday Poland 's new prime minister said on Thursday ( 14 December ) that he expects the EU to impose unprecedented sanctions next week that could strip his government of its voting rights over its controversial court reforms .
Poland 's right-wing Law and Justice ( PiS ) government , which began making changes to the judiciary after coming to power in late 2015 , insists the new reforms are needed to combat corruption and overhaul the judicial system still haunted by the communist era .
However , the Commission has warned Warsaw that the reforms pose a threat to the democratic principles and rule of law all countries signed up to when they joined the EU . Warsaw has already come under heavy fire from Brussels for a string of earlier judicial reforms .
Article 7 of the Lisbon Treaty , which has never been used until now , is sometimes referred to as “ the nuclear option ” . It was designed to defend the EU 's core values such as democracy , freedom , human rights and the rule of law . If the EU notices a “ serious and persistent breach ” of these values it can activate Article 7 and suspend membership rights , such as voting in the EU Council or access to the single market .
“ I will support the initiatives taken by the European Commission every time it defends the rule of law . And on this , there will be no complacency , ” said Macron , speaking alongside Merkel . He added that he was not updated on the latest developments in the dialogue taking place between Poland and the Commission .
Germany & France support EU Commission in opening Art . 7 procedure against Poland , still hope for solution talking to new PM # EUCO # Poland pic.twitter.com/Bjc5g26Kxv — Barbara Wesel ( @ wesel_barbara ) December 15 , 2017
“ A discussion has to take place . If at the end of those discussions , the European Commission decides that the procedure has to be triggered , we will have a clear position – that of supporting the Commission ” , the French president said .
Already frosty even under the previous French administration , relations between Paris and Warsaw reached a new low in August , when Macron said the Polish people deserved better leaders and shunned Poland during his tour of eastern Europe .
Macron courts EU 's eastern leaders over posted workers , antagonises Poland Snubbing Poland , French President Emmanuel Macron is touring eastern EU countries to gather support for tightening EU rules over the employment of cheap labour in other member states . But Warsaw said it would oppose this reform “ to the very end ” .
Lifeline
But he appeared to extend a lifeline to the newly appointed Prime Minister Morawiecki .
New Polish PM Morawiecki makes summit debut Poland 's newly appointed Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki will attend his first European summit in Brussels on Thursday ( 14 December ) , where leaders and policymakers hope he will be more cooperative than his predecessor Beata Szydło , who resigned this week .
“ I wish for my part that Poland can do the necessary efforts to lift the remaining ambiguities and reassure the Commission and the member states . And I have the impression that this is the new prime minister 's intention ” , Macron said .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a similar line , saying she hoped the dialogue between the Commission and Poland would make the procedure “ unnecessary ” .
The issue was also discussed at a separate press conference , perhaps in more dramatic circumstances because of the Polish nationality of the Council President Donal Tusk .
Addressing the press , Tusk used a great deal of his eloquence to fend off accusations of being anti-European , following his plea to abandon the divisive mandatory refugee quotas .
Tensions arise between Tusk and Commission over migration The Commissioner for Migration Dimitris Avramopoulos described on Tuesday ( 12 December ) European Council President Donald Tusk 's proposals on migration intended for the EU leaders ' summit later this week as “ unacceptable ” and “ anti-European ” .
Tusk said his position on migration was “ extremely pro-European ” because , as he explained , he was thinking about Europe as a whole and not from the positions of individual countries , least of all his own country . He said :
“ Especially in this issue of migration we need a common position and solidarity . In this context I 'm totally impartial , I 'm absolutely sure . And extremely pro-European . “
He continued :
“ Solidarity is especially important for me , because Solidarity was a kind of brand of Poland , and I would be really disappointed if my country became the example of something completely different . But I hope I will convince my colleagues also in Poland , to be more open and find a common consensual solution . ”
PiS , the ruling party of Jarosław Kaczyński , loathes Tusk , who was a successful prime minister at the helm of his Civic Platform party from 2007 to 2014 .
Polish FM calls Tusk ‘ icon of evil and stupidity ' Donald Tusk suffered another attack from Poland 's populist government on Monday ( 2 January ) , when Minister of Foreign Affairs Witold Waszczykowski told Krakow radio station RMF FM that he was an “ icon of evil and stupidity ” and that he should stay “ far away from Poland ” .
When a journalist asked about Article 7 , Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker confirmed that the issue would be on the agenda of the Commission 's next weekly meeting .
Tusk said he did n't have the opportunity to talk with Morawiecki , although they had briefly met and shaken hands . He added he hoped they could meet on future occasions .
He also said that Morawiecki had left the summit early and did not take part in the debate about Brexit and the European Monetary Union .
Polish journalists said Morawiecki had a flight scheduled before noon and his departure was not a snub but was linked to a previous commitment .
Black people can recognize white people 's humanity . Black women can recognize white women 's womanhood and rights as such . Unlike white people , black people can very well empathize with white people and know what it 's like to be them . They have no choice , and they still muster up the strength to recognize their humanity when something bad happens to “ good ” white people . Black women , as women , recognize white women who are raped , abused , beaten , and mistreated by white men especially . We even empathize with white women who are in abusive relationships with black men .
To think black women are some coldhearted “ wenches ” who refuse to listen to white women 's plights is erroneous . We have to understand white women 's plights as women so we can survive as women ourselves ! Black women are not foolish enough to not join white women when talking about basic rights for women . White women have always been viewed as “ leaders ” of the women 's rights movement , unfortunately . And woc were forced to trust them even though they had every reason not to . But guess what ? Black women decided to create their own movement called “ Womanism ” after exclusion from both white feminists and black male Civil Rights leaders . Neither black men nor white women wanted black women to recognize both of their humanity ; womanhood and blackness , so they started their own movement on their own .
I have never seen a black woman allow a white woman to endure in misogyny . In fact , black women have historically been pack-mules to white women without gratitude . The ol ' wise “ Mammy ” who advises Scarlett O'Hara on how to be a “ lady. ” Minny teaching Miss Foote to cook fried chicken and basic skills like that . But like any other white person , white women erase the history of their dastardly deeds and maltreatment of black women , and project that onto black women . They even helped alter the history of how white women treated black men and boys ( with the help of black men of course ) and said black women 's existence is oppressing black men . And yet black women in spite of it all can still recognize white women 's womanhood and join them in Anti-Rape events and messages in order to protect their own black womanhood in the process . Black women do not need white women in the least , but when it comes to the mainstream recognition of their own womanhood , they unfortunately do NEED it . While some black women may reject mainstream feminism altogether , let 's not pretend why other black women and woc hold onto the feminist label .
DOHA ( Reuters ) - Qatar announced plans for a steep rise in Liquified Natural Gas ( LNG ) production capacity on Tuesday that suggested it was ready for a protracted dispute with Gulf neighbors , but Doha said it was doing all it could to reach agreement .
Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Egypt and Bahrain were due to meet on Wednesday to decide whether to continue sanctions they imposed on Qatar on accusations it was aiding terrorism and courting regional rival Iran . Doha denies the charges and has submitted to mediator Kuwait replies to 13 demands that the gathering will consider .
“ What Qatar has given in goodwill and good initiative for a constructive solution , based on dialogue , we believe should be sufficient ( to show ) we have carried out our duties from our side , ” Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told a news conference in Doha .
“ There is a lot of progress that has been made on that front ( countering terrorism financing ) ... but of course there is always room for improvement , ” he said , describing the sanctions as illegal steps under the pretext of fighting terrorism .
The three Gulf states and Egypt have severed diplomatic and transport ties with Doha in a dispute that has raised concern across the Middle East and beyond . Western states fear a lengthy dispute , besides threatening political instability , could upset supply chains in a region vital for energy supplies .
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told the same Doha news conference he felt Qatar had shown restraint in the row which began on June 5 when the Gulf states severed diplomatic and transport ties .
“ We hope others will respond in a similar spirit .
Qatar says it is ready to meet any “ reasonable ” demands .
But the Gulf state , with a population of just over two million to Saudi Arabia 's 31 million , may be reluctant to carry out conditions such as the closure of the al-Jazeera television station and removal of a Turkish military base - matters it considers impinge on Qatari sovereignty .
Qatar mounted what appeared to be a show of strength on Tuesday , when the state-owned Qatar Petroleum [ QATPE.UL ] announced plans to raise liquefied natural gas capacity by 30 percent . Its immediate effect will be to worsen a glut on the LNG market where Australia , the United States and Russia vie .
Related Coverage Arab intelligence chiefs meet in Cairo day before Qatar decision : MENA
LNG is natural gas liquified at low temperatures to reduce its volume , thus allowing it to be transported by tanker where pipelines are not feasible .
Qatar Petroleum chief executive Saad al-Kaabi said the firm would increase gas production from its giant North Field , which it shares with Iran , by 20 percent after new gas development .
In April , Qatar lifted a self-imposed ban on development of the North Field , the world 's biggest natural gas field , and announced a new project to develop its southern section , increasing output in five to seven years .
That new project will raise Qatar 's total LNG production capacity by 30 percent to 100 million tonnes from 77 million tonnes per year in five to seven years , Kaabi said .
The decision will have international ramifications .
With such low production costs and LNG facilities closer to buyers in Europe and Asia , the Qatari move means U.S. producers could struggle to sell their LNG competitively and projects still needing finance could struggle to find investors . So far only Cheniere ( LNG.A ) exports U.S. LNG , but there are project proposals with a total capacity of some 150 million tonnes/year .
Energy sales have driven Qatar 's rapid rise as a regional player , with vast infrastructure projects and widening diplomatic influence as well as a role in the Syrian conflict that is viewed with suspicion by Gulf neighbors .
The Saudi Ambassador to Sudan Ali Hassan Jaafar , speaking at a news conference , said he hoped the Gulf crisis would end “ in the coming hours ” with the Qatari response to demands .
“ We wish well for the people of Qatar and we hope that the rulers of Qatar return to their senses , ” he said . “ We want stability in the Gulf region and in the Arab region . … If these demands are not fulfilled we will defend our security and stability and there will be other measures . ”
FILE PHOTO : People sit on the corniche in Doha , Qatar , June 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Naseem Zeitoon/File Photo
IRANIAN QUESTION
The LNG glut has already driven down prices . Asian spot LNG prices LNG-AS have fallen more than 40 percent this year to $ 5.50 per mmBtu and by 70 percent from peaks in 2014 .
So far , the majority of LNG is supplied via long-term contracts between producers and users which allow little flexibility and in many cases also prevent importers from reselling cargoes . With supplies far outpacing demand , analysts expect more and more LNG to be freely traded .
Many producers have already started to offer contracts without resale or destination restrictions .
Kaabi , alluding to suggestions that the Gulf states may ask trading partners to choose between them and Doha , said the company 's operations would not be affected by the crisis .
“ Qatar Petroleum will continue working ... If some companies decide they do n't want to work with QP that 's their choice . We will find other foreign companies to work with , ” he said .
Analysts said the move to boost production was partly to do with added competition in the LNG market , mainly from Australia , the United States and Russia .
“ It is also to do with Iran now set to increase production on the South Pars field , which means they can up production from their side of the field ( North Field ) without destabilizing the geology of the field , ” said Oliver Sanderson , gas analyst at Thomson Reuters .
Some experts say that , while the Gulf States accuse Qatar of cooperating too closely with Iran , their sanctions could push it to closer cooperation with Tehran on gas production and exports from the shared field .
“ Qatar needs the support of Iran now more than any time before . I do n't believe it would be possible for Qatar to increase production without the cooperation with Iran , if in the long term the ( political ) situation stayed same as now , ” said Reza Mostafavi Tabatabaei , president of London-based ENEXD , a firm involved in oil and gas equipment in the Middle East .
“ Also , major ( oil ) companies may be asked to choose between working in Qatar or Saudi/UAE and Egypt , otherwise there be sanctions against them . That 's why I do n't think that developing this project by Qatar now will be as easy as before , politically not financially , ” he added .
Qatar Petroleum 's Kaabi said there is no cooperation with Iran on any project in the North Field , but the countries have a joint committee that meets yearly to discuss development of the field .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
While QP owns a majority stake , energy firms including Total , Mitsui & Co ( 8031.T ) and ConocoPhillips ( COP.N ) also possess small stakeholdings . RasGas is a 70/30 percent joint venture between QP and Exxon Mobil ( XOM.N ) .
“ Qatar has one of the lowest LNG production costs in the world . It has followed an astute policy of maximizing value from market prices around the world , ” said Ajay Singh , special advisor at Japan Petroleum Exploration Co and former gas executive at Shell .
“ For Qatar , LNG is everything . ”
Has the Government doubled the budget deficit ?
Updated
Treasurer Joe Hockey is the `` Masterchef of cooking the books '' according to his Opposition counterpart Chris Bowen , who has repeatedly accused the Coalition of using `` voodoo economics '' to create a sense of crisis to justify dramatic spending cuts in the May 13 budget .
`` Now what 's happening here is that Joe Hockey has doubled the deficit , adding $ 68 billion to the deficit by changes to Government spending and changes to Government assumptions , and now he 's asking the Australian people to pay for it '' , Mr Bowen told journalists in his electorate on April 27 .
ABC Fact Check examines whether this statement is correct .
The claim : Chris Bowen says Joe Hockey has doubled the deficit by changes to Government spending and changes to Government assumptions .
Chris Bowen says Joe Hockey has doubled the deficit by changes to Government spending and changes to Government assumptions . The verdict : Since the election , the official forecast deficit has doubled . The economic assumptions are different from those used before the election , and spending decisions have been made that were not in the previous forecasts . Mr Bowen 's claim checks out .
Two sets of forecasts
Mr Bowen 's office told Fact-Check the statement was based on differences between two budget forecasts , one prepared before the Coalition came to power and one prepared afterwards .
The first , the Pre-Election Economic and Fiscal Outlook ( PEFO ) , was released in August by Treasury . It was based on a `` no policy change '' scenario , using assumptions and fiscal rules underpinning medium-term projections adopted by the former Labor government .
The second , the Mid-Year Economic and Fiscal Outlook ( MYEFO ) was released in December by the Government . It was based on assumptions adopted by the Coalition , following advice from Treasury .
During a Senate Estimates hearing in February , Treasury Secretary Martin Parkinson was asked whether forecasts and projections in the MYEFO were ultimately the decision of Treasury or Government . He replied : `` It is always a decision of Government . PEFO is the only document that the Treasury and the Department of Finance have their names on . In fact , it is not even Treasury and the Department of Finance ; it is the two secretaries . All other documents are documents of the Government . ''
Both forecasts contain figures for the standard budget projection period , known as the forward estimates period , which is four years .
Has the deficit doubled ?
The August PEFO said the underlying cash balance in 2013-14 would be a deficit of $ 30.1 billion . The following year 's balance would be a $ 24 billion deficit , and in 2015-16 a $ 4.7 billion deficit , before returning to a surplus of $ 4.2 billion in 2016-17 .
These forecasts total a deficit of $ 54.6 billion over the four-year forward estimates .
The December MYEFO estimated the underlying cash balance for 2013-14 would be a deficit of $ 47 billion . The projections for the following three years were deficits of $ 33.9 billion , $ 24.1 billion and $ 17.7 billion .
These total $ 123 billion over the four years of the forward estimates .
The difference between the two projections is $ 68 billion . The combined projected deficit in the coalition 's MYEFO is more than double the corresponding number in the PEFO . Mr Bowen is correct on this figure .
2013-14 2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 Total PEFO ( August 2013 ) -30.1 -24 -4.7 4.2 -54.6 MYEFO ( December 2013 ) -47 -33.9 -24.1 -17.7 -122.7 Difference -16.9 -9.9 -19.4 -21.9 -68
Have there been changes to Government spending ?
The MYEFO released by the Government states that since the 2013 PEFO , policy decisions , which includes spending and revenue decisions , has had a $ 13.7 billion negative impact on the underlying cash balance over the forward estimates .
In relation to spending , the MYEFO said : `` Essential steps have been taken to address unresolved issues inherited from the former Government , which have contributed to the deterioration in the budget position since the 2013 PEFO . ''
This includes :
spending measures associated with repealing the carbon tax ( $ 2.8 billion over four years ) ;
land transport infrastructure programs ( $ 5.6 billion over four years ) ;
implementation of border protection policies ( $ 2.1 billion over four years of which government says $ 1.2 billion is directly attributable to insufficient funding provided previously for the PNG and Nauru facilities ) ;
a boost to funding for the Students First package ( $ 1.2 billion over four years ) ; and
an $ 8.8 billion grant paid to the Reserve Bank of Australia .
MYEFO states deterioration of about $ 2.9 billion was attributed to removing what is described by Mr Hockey as `` uncertainty '' in relation to about 100 announced , but unlegislated , tax and superannuation measures . Mr Hockey maintains that the budget `` blow-out '' Labor keeps pointing to is a direct result of the Government needing to fix inherited problems and paying for policies initiated but not legislated for , under the previous government , rather than it being all new spending . He also says the Government has brought forward new spending that Labor `` buried '' beyond the four years of the forward estimates . Labor disagrees .
The most significant single payment across the four years is a grant of $ 8.8 billion given to the RBA this financial year .
While that payment was clearly made by the Coalition , there is debate about whether the cost itself was new , or whether it was money that should have been paid to the Reserve Bank while Labor was in government .
Mr Hockey told the ABC Insiders program on April 13 that : `` The $ 9 billion should have gone under Labor ... when they took out dividends from the Reserve Bank ... ''
The Opposition maintains it was never asked for a lump sum payment of that size and released formal advice from Treasury to then treasurer Wayne Swan in April 2013 , which warned that a cash grant could trigger market speculation about the RBA 's stability and stated that there was no legal basis to make a capital injection . The Opposition has also said the Government 's decision to provide $ 8.8 billion to the RBA was not in response to a specific request from the bank .
While the payment should be considered as new spending , it is worth noting that while the RBA did not make a formal request for a cash grant , Governor Glenn Stevens told the Standing Committee on Economics in February 2013 that the RBA would have preferred that Mr Swan had not depleted the bank 's capital by withdrawing $ 500 million in dividends ahead of schedule to pay down the government deficit .
Other spending measures - such as on land transport infrastructure , and compensation measures associated with repealing the carbon tax - are examples of spending that would not have been required under Labor policies .
It is clear that changes to Government spending have contributed to the doubling of the deficit .
Have the economic assumptions changed ?
The MYEFO said that over the forward estimates a $ 54.3 billion deterioration in the projected combined deficit since the PEFO was caused by `` parameter and other variations '' changes .
These included :
changes to the parameters for determining tax receipts , which will result in the government receiving $ 37.8 billion less over the forward estimates than forecast in the PEFO ;
a change to the terms of trade methodology , reducing economic growth forecasts , causing a $ 2 billion hit to the bottom line over the forward estimates ;
a change in the projected unemployment rate , leading to higher benefits payments totalling $ 3.7 billion extra
Mr Bowen accurately quotes the MYEFO in stating that the economic assumptions have changed , with a resulting negative effect on the budget deficit .
The biggest single change between the PEFO and the MYEFO is the projection that lower government revenue from tax will add $ 37.8 billion of the $ 68 billion increase to the deficit over the forward estimates , which is approximately 55 per cent . Thanks to a gloomier outlook for economic growth , the MYEFO contains downward revisions to forecasts of wage growth and corporate profitability .
`` A softening in the economic outlook has resulted in significantly lower nominal GDP , which has largely driven the reduction in tax receipts by more than $ 37 billion over the forward estimates , '' the MYEFO said .
The changed outlook is reflected in these reductions in forecast growth in gross domestic product for the forward estimates in the PEFO and the MYEFO :
2013-14 2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 PEFO ( August 2013 ) 3.75 % 4.5 % 5.25 % 5.25 % MYEFO ( December 2013 ) 3.5 % 3.5 % 4.75 % 4.75 %
The main difference between the PEFO and the MYEFO was a more pessimistic view about the impact on the economy of the end of the mining investment boom . The MYEFO said the fall in resources investment was expected to be sharper than previously forecast , while recovery in the non-resources sector was expected to be more gradual .
Are they 'Government ' assumptions and projections ?
Since the MYEFO was released in December , Labor ministers have repeatedly stated that the economic assumptions were `` deliberately '' adopted by the Coalition Government and Mr Hockey in order to manufacture a budget crisis . In his April 27 press conference , Mr Bowen said the projections were based on the Government 's assumptions : `` Not even the Treasury or Department of Finance 's assumptions ; [ Mr Hockey 's ] own personal forecasts as the Treasurer of Australia , '' he said .
It is difficult to ascertain whether Mr Bowen has specific knowledge about what information passed between Treasury and Mr Hockey , and how much influence each had on the downgraded forecasts for economic growth . This change underlies the doubling of the deficit .
Reviewed by the panel This piece has been reviewed by ABC Fact Check 's economic advisory panel .
Meet the panel members here .
Mr Hockey has repeatedly rejected Labor 's allegations by telling Parliament that the Government relies on economic projections modelled by Treasury . Mr Hockey said in Parliament on March 18 : `` The fact of the matter is that we want to have the most accurate forecast possible ; that is what Treasury recommended , and that is what we accept , '' he said .
He suggested Labor was to blame for the need for changed assumptions . `` The methodology that they [ Treasury ] have used in MYEFO actually confirms the fact that Labor left the legacy of increasing deficits to $ 123 billion ... ''
He also suggested Labor ' growth forecasts had been too optimistic , saying Labor had `` no sense of shame that they left a slower economy '' .
As set out above , Treasury Secretary Martin Parkinson says forecasts and projections in the MYEFO are ultimately decided by the Government .
The verdict
Mr Bowen accurately quoted changes totalling $ 68 billion in the Mid-Year Economic and Fiscal Outlook .
The MYEFO forecasts a budget deficit twice as large as it was in the PEFO . The economic assumptions in MYEFO are different from those used in the PEFO , and there is spending in the MYEFO that was not in the previous forecasts .
It remains to be seen how the two sets of forecasts stand the test of time , but as of today , Mr Bowen 's claim checks out .
Sources
Topics : federal-government , budget , business-economics-and-finance , chris-bowen , alp , australia
First posted
CBS SPORTS ' 2016 COLLEGE FOOTBALL SCHEDULE SHOWCASES THE BEST GAMES FROM THE BEST CONFERENCE WITH THE “ SEC GAME OF THE WEEK ”
“ SEC ON CBS ” Kicks Off with UCLA vs. Texas A & M on Saturday , September 3
CBS Sports , home to college football 's highest-rated television package , the “ SEC ON CBS , ” has announced its 2016 college football schedule . CBS will again showcase the best games from the best conference with the “ SEC Game of the Week , ” as well as Notre Dame vs. Navy ( November 5 ) , Army-Navy ( December 10 ) and the Hyundai Sun Bowl ( December 30 ) . The schedule kicks off Labor Day weekend on Saturday , Sept. 3 ( 3:30 PM , ET ) with UCLA at Texas A & M .
Other 2016 SEC ON CBS games announced include last year 's SEC East Champion Florida taking on Kentucky on Sept. 10 ; reigning National Champion Alabama vs. Ole Miss on Sept. 17 ; Florida vs. Georgia in their annual rivalry game on Oct. 29 and Arkansas vs. Missouri on
Friday , Nov. 25 .
The SEC ON CBS has been the highest-rated regular-season college football package on any network for seven consecutive seasons . The 2016 SEC ON CBS schedule , the Network 's 16th consecutive season providing national coverage of Southeastern Conference football , features a total of 17 games , including two doubleheaders and the SEC Championship on Saturday , Dec. 3 ( 4:00 PM , ET ) .
Verne Lundquist and Gary Danielson , along with reporter Allie LaForce are CBS Sports ' lead college football announce team .
COLLEGE FOOTBALL TODAY , the Network 's pre-game , halftime and post-game studio show , returns with host Adam Zucker alongside analysts Rick Neuheisel and Brian Jones .
CBS Sports ' coverage of the entire 2016 SEC on CBS football schedule will be available to stream live in more than 130 U.S. markets via the CBS All Access subscription service , with additional coverage on CBSSports.com and the CBS Sports app .
Highlights of 2016 schedule include :
( All Times ET )
Sept. 3 UCLA vs. Texas A & M 3:30 PM Sept. 10 Kentucky at Florida 3:30 PM Sept. 17 Alabama at Ole Miss 3:30 PM Oct. 29 Florida vs. Georgia 3:30 PM Nov. 5 Notre Dame vs. Navy SEC Doubleheader 11:30 AM 3:30 PM 8:00 PM Nov. 12 SEC Doubleheader 12:00 NOON 3:30 PM Nov. 25 Arkansas at Missouri 2:30 PM Dec. 3 SEC Championship 4:00 PM Dec. 10 Army-Navy 3:00 PM Dec. 30 Hyundai Sun Bowl 2:00 PM
All other “ SEC Games of the Week ” are announced six-to-12 days prior to their broadcast date .
Craig Silver serves as coordinating producer and Steve Milton is the lead director for the Network 's college football broadcasts .
Following are broadcast windows for the 2016 SEC ON CBS schedule .
DATE TIME ( ET ) GAMES Sept. 3 3:30 PM UCLA at TEXAS A & M Sept. 10 3:30 PM KENTUCKY at FLORIDA Sept. 17 3:30 PM ALABAMA at OLE MISS Sept. 24 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Oct. 1 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Oct. 8 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Oct. 15 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Oct. 22 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Oct. 29 3:30 PM FLORIDA vs. GEORGIA Nov. 5 11:30 AM 3:30 PM 8:00 PM NOTRE DAME vs. NAVY SEC GAME OF THE WEEK # 1 SEC GAME OF THE WEEK # 2 Nov. 12 12:00 NOON
3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK # 1 SEC GAME OF THE WEEK # 2 Nov. 19 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Nov. 25 ( Fri ) 2:30 PM ARKANSAS at MISSOURI Nov. 26 3:30 PM SEC GAME OF THE WEEK Dec. 3 4:00 PM SEC CHAMPIONSHIP GAME Dec. 10 3:00 PM ARMY-NAVY Dec. 30 ( Fri ) 2:00 PM HYUNDAI SUN BOWL
# # #
( CNN ) Be prepared . Your Secret Santa will probably disappoint you this year , cause your Secret Santa is n't Bill Gates .
A Reddit user named Aerrix says the world 's richest man -- worth a cool $ 75 billion , in case you 've forgotten -- sent her gifts last week through Reddit 's Secret Santa Gift exchange .
The gifts were awesome , and she was a little bit excited about it . We know this because about half of the words in a post she wrote about it were in all caps .
Aerrix wrote of getting a mysterious box -- a `` freakin ' HUGE BOX , '' she called it -- of opening it and seeing a picture of Gates in a Santa hat on top , of calling her husband and blurting out the news -- `` BILL GATES IS MY FREAKIN SANTA ! ! ! ! ! ! ! '' -- and of course , going through and unwrapping these gifts of pure joy .
She loved them , because Gates , the Microsoft founder and philanthropist , did his homework . You see , Aerrix loves stuff like video games and the Legend of Zelda . It says so on her Reddit Gifts profile page , which Gates obviously read , because he loaded her up with all kinds of goodies like :
Read More
250,000 people watched Counter-Strike : Global Offensive at last year 's Intel Extreme Masters . This year more than 1 million people tuned in .
Following the tournament , almost 600,000 people were playing the game concurrently through Steam .
Clearly , 2015 's starting out as a very strong year for Valve 's shooter .
This weekend saw the Intel Extreme Masters tournament , a huge eSports tournament , this year being hosted in Katowice , Poland . Along with Counter-Strike : Global Offensive , there were games of StarCraft 2 and League of Legends being played at the event .
Last year CS : GO brought more than 250,000 viewers , a huge achievement for the shooter , bat that 's nothing compared to this year 's 1,000,000 .
The peak CCU for CSGO in Katowice rose from 250K to 1M in the space of 12 months . # perspective # ESLOne — Michal Blicharz ( @ mbCARMAC ) March 15 , 2015
Another fascinating stat to come out of the event is the Starcraft 2 viewers . IEM was 1,000 viewers short of beating Blizzcon 's own viewing numbers .
Wow ! # IEM StarCraft2 almost beat Blizzcon World Championship when it comes to peak concurrent viewers . Blizzcon:155,435 IEM SC2 : 154,403 — Simon Sundén ( @ joinsimon ) March 15 , 2015
I had n't realised that CS : GO was so much more popular to watch than Starcraft 2 , considering Starcraft 's been a pillar of the eSports community for more than a decade .
The Daily Dot also note that the weekend saw a new all-time peak for CS : GO concurrent players . 595,439 players logged in to Steam on Sunday to play Valve 's shooter .
Naveen Jain , an Internet billionaire and a founder of Moon Express , says the company will spend $ 70 million to $ 100 million to try to win the Google Lunar X Prize , but could recoup its investment on its first flight . He envisions selling exclusive broadcast rights for video from the Moon , as well as sponsorships , à la Nascar , for companies to put their logos on the lander .
Or , perhaps , a tie-in to reality television .
“ Would n't it be nice if you could have a ‘ Moon Idol , ' just like ‘ American Idol ? ' “ suggested Mr. Jain , who previously founded Infospace and Intelius . “ You take the top 10 contestants and play their voices on the Moon , record it and see who sounds the best . ”
( There is no air on the Moon to transmit sound waves , but “ you could play it through the dust and see what it sounds like when you play it right on the surface , ” Mr. Jain said . His point was that with cheap lunar transportation , there was no predicting what might catch people 's fancies . )
Another competitor , Astrobotic Technology , intends to sell berths on its lunar lander to space agencies and scientific institutions , which would pay $ 820,000 a pound to send up their experiments . The company , a spinoff from Carnegie Mellon University , is building a large craft — much bigger than Moon Express 's — capable of carrying 240 pounds of payload ( read : $ 200 million of cargo ) and hopes to be ready to launch in December 2013 .
“ We can make a lot of money even if we do not win the prize , ” said David Gump , president of Astrobotic , which is based in Pittsburgh . “ We will be making substantial profit on the first flight . Basically , we 'll break even by selling a third of the payload . ”
The X Prize competitors might all be beaten by landers and rovers that China , Russia and India plan to send up over the next couple of years . But those fall more in the mold of traditional , government-built science probes .
While NASA had wanted to send astronauts back to the Moon , its program was canceled last year , a victim of budget cuts and shifting priorities . But it has awarded $ 500,000 each to Moon Express , Astrobotic and a third competitor , Rocket City Space Pioneers , the first installments of up to $ 30 million that it will contribute to the X Prize efforts .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
George Xenofos , manager of NASA 's Innovative Lunar Demonstrations Data program , said he expected one or more teams to make it to the Moon . “ It 's definitely not the technical issues that 's stopping them , ” he said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The contestants ' goals do not appear to face legal hurdles . The Outer Space Treaty of 1967 , ratified by 100 nations , bars countries from claiming sovereignty over any part of the Moon , but does not prevent private companies from setting up shop . As for mining the Moon , it could fall under similar legal parameters as fishing in international waters .
Although some orbiting spacecraft have crashed into the Moon in recent years , 35 years have passed since anything from Earth made a soft landing there . To some people , this looks like an overdue invitation .
“ It 's probably the biggest wealth creation opportunity in modern history , ” said Barney Pell , a former NASA computer scientist turned entrepreneur and now a co-founder of Moon Express . While Moon Express might initially make money by sending small payloads , the big fortune would come from bringing back platinum and other rare metals , Dr. Pell said .
“ Long term , the market is massive , no doubt , ” he said . “ This is not a question of if . It 's a question of who and when . We hope it 's us and soon . ”
Like the aviation prizes that jump-started airplane technology a century ago , the Google Lunar X Prize is meant to rally technologists and entrepreneurs . It is administered by the X Prize Foundation , which handed out $ 10 million in 2004 to the first private team to build a spacecraft that could carry people 60 miles above the Earth 's surface . ( The winner , SpaceShipOne , was built by the aerospace designer Burt Rutan with backing from Paul Allen , the software magnate . )
For the Moon competition , Google put up $ 30 million . Of that , $ 20 million will go to the first team to land a spacecraft on the Moon , explore 500 meters and send back high-definition video and photos . The second team will win $ 5 million , and the remaining $ 5 million will pay for bonus prizes like surviving a frigid lunar night or traveling more than 5,000 meters on the surface .
Not all the competitors see dollar signs in the Moon . Rocket City Space Pioneers , a consortium of businesses , is using its Moon effort largely to market technology that will allow multiple payloads to share one rocket , greatly reducing launching costs . ( In other words , as the lander headed for the Moon , it could drop off a few satellites in orbit . )
“ I think the Moon , it 's so expensive , we do n't know what the market is for sure in its entirety , ” said Tim Pickens , chief propulsion engineer at Dynetics , a company in Huntsville , Ala. , that is leading the Rocket City effort .
Meanwhile , at Moon Express , Mr. Jain 's imagination runs wild . A robot could scrawl a marriage proposal in the lunar dust , take a picture and send it to the customer 's beloved back on Earth . A time capsule filled with mementos or a strand of someone 's hair — and DNA — could be sent to the Moon , where it would persist , pristine in the airless environs .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ People become part of moon exploration , ” Mr. Jain said , “ and that has never been done before . ”
Steepster Select is a monthly fine teas sampler . At this time , for $ 24.95 a month , you 'll get a nice box of tea sent to you . In that box of tea , two servings each of 5 different teas , or 10 servings . I was very excited to see Steepster revived Steepster Select . I love Steepster for keeping track of my teas , tea discussions , learning more about tea and meeting other tea lovers . By the way , I 'm Awkward Soul on Steepster – if you are a member , be sure to say hi !
My Steepster Select box arrived while I was on vacation , so this is a little late of a review . Let 's unbox !
Inside , a nice muslin bag full of tea samples !
Also included was some empty tea bags , just in case you do n't have loose leaf tea gear .
On the other side of the card is a nice write-up of each tea that is in the teabox .
Each packet of tea holds a serving of tea , depending on the tea , 1 to 2 teaspoons . Time to sample each of the teas !
Wuyishan Black by Steepster
Mmmm , this tea is good and quite unique . Wuyishan Black sips in smokey apple wood , yet smooth . I 'd say this tea has a moderate smokey flavor , so you 'd want to be a smoke flavor fan to enjoy it . Really dense woody flavor , making this tea a really interesting black right away ! After the smokeyness , there is a lightly tart cherry taste with a 2/10 astringe-o-meter dry sensation . I would say this is a manly kind of tea . I 'd love to drink a cup of Wuyishan Black with a rare steak ! I had my tea-hating husband take a sip ( as someone who is manly and likes steak ) and his review of this tea is “ Bleggh . ”
Guiyuan Roasted Dong Ding from Steepster
Dong Dings really remind me of houjicha . I 'd say this one is a light roast as the flavor is on the soft side . Guiyuan Roasted Dong Ding sips in a little like coffee with lots of sweet back up . The tea finishes off with a hint tart grape skin flavor dusted with a creamy coconut smoothness . I find this tea gets addictive the more I drink it as that coconut creamy texture is really delicious .
Nantou Four Seasons Oolong by Pursuit of Tea
A lovely green floral oolong ! This oolong is creamy , with a smooth , savory grassy and buttery taste . The floral is light and refreshing , riding in the tails of the buttery oolong base . Nantou Four Seasons Oolong gives me a nice relaxing vibe . Steepster describes it as “ lilac ” though the floral is a light 3/10 on the Floral-o-meter . The more the tea cools , the more the floral blooms . Quite a unique floral element to this oolong . I 'm thinking this oolong would be killer cold steeped !
Golden Yunnan from Pursuit of Tea
Yum ! A full flavored golden tipped yunnan black ! Very rich , robust tobacco flavor . Mid sip there is a lightly fluffy creamy texture that ties the tea together . The flavor finishes off with a burnt caramel and cocoa sweeteness with a hint of astringency . The rich tobacco flavor lingers after each sip along with a bit of sweetness . As the tea cools , more of the creamy texture shows up .
Karigane # 22 by Tea Wing
Very lovely dry leaf smell – like lush grass . Karigane # 22 steeps up to an interesting vibrant green . Does n't it look like a greener Mountain Dew ? Hahah ! The flavor is quite nice , very smooth and creamy . This tea is quite grassy with a ultra fresh flavor , little bit of vegetal sweetness , buttercup like floral butteryness and a hint of unami nutty . The unami is pretty gentle and easy to drink if you are n't a seasoned gyokuro drinker .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Overall , I found the Steepster Select box packed with a unique selection of teas of very good quality – all compliment the other teas , yet also different enough to grab your attention . What I enjoyed about this teabox was the interesting teas – most notably Wuyishan Black , which was a new black tea experience . I like how each tea has a short description and steeping instructions . What got me was the tasting notes were pretty dead on for each tea !
In my opinion the Steepster Select is on the pricey side as it is $ 24.95 ( or $ 2.50 per tea session ) a month , so this is for tea peeps who want to shell out for interesting and good quality tea . Luckily , there are a few ways to get credit towards future boxes such as referring friends ( $ 10 credit ) and reviewing the Steepster Select teas on Steepster ( $ 1 credit each tea ? ) . You can also buy multiple months at a time , thus lowering the cost per month .
With that said , Steepster Select is a great way to sample some unique luxury teas . If you fall in love with a tea sample , rest assured , a number of the teas are available to purchase .
( tea provided for review .. sort of .. I was selected to get a free box as being a Steepster member )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
What does global warming sound like ? Scientists may have just found that out . They 've recorded and identified the sizzle of glacier ice as it melts into the sea . The noise , caused by trapped air bubbles squirting out of the disappearing ice , could provide clues to the rate of glacier melt and help researchers better monitor fast-changing polar environments .
If you kayak in the frigid northern waters near glaciers , you can hear the popping , crackling sounds of the melting ice . Yet these noises are also picked up by underwater microphones at a much louder volume than above the surface .
`` If you were underneath the water in a complete downpour , with the rain pounding the water , that 's one of the loudest natural ocean sounds out there , '' said Erin Pettit , one of the researchers , in a news release . `` In glacial fjords we record that level of sound almost continually . ''
Although the researchers assumed that the noise picked up by their microphones was the sound of melting ice , they needed to confirm the theory . They mounted chunks of glacier in a tank of chilled water and then recorded video and audio of the ice as it melted . This allowed them to confirm that the sounds they were hearing were the escape of bubbles from the ice .
`` Most of the sound comes from the bubbles oscillating when they 're ejected , '' said Kevin Lee , one of the researchers , in a news release . `` A bubble when it is released from a nozzle or any orifice will naturally oscillate at a frequency that 's inversely proportional to the radius of the bubble . '' This means that the smaller the bubble , the higher the pitch . In this case , the scientists recorded sounds in the 1-3 kilohertz range , which is right in the middle of the frequencies that humans hear .
The findings reveal how sound can play an important role in monitoring glacier melt . While the symphony of melting ice might not carry the same impact as images , it still has its own story to tell . It 's possible that hydrophone recordings could be used in glacial fjords to monitor relative changes in glacier melting in response to one-time weather events , seasonal changes and long-term climate trends .
The abstract describing the work can be found online here .
When Tom Brady and the New England Patriots came away with a last-second victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX , I was ready to proclaim Brady the greatest quarterback of all time .
That win made him 4-2 in Super Bowls . Brady , Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw are the only quarterbacks to win four Super Bowl titles . Though Montana and Bradshaw both went undefeated in Super Bowls , I 'm still giving Brady the No . 1 spot .
The fact that Brady is about to play in Super Bowl LI -- his seventh Super Bowl appearance -- is remarkable , especially after missing the first four games of the season because of his Deflategate suspension . On Sunday , Brady has a great chance to get his fifth Lombardi trophy and fourth Super Bowl MVP award . He 's 183-52 as a starter in the regular season . His 24 playoff wins are the most ever .
And the amazing part is that no one can guess when he will stop . Brady , who will turn 40 before next season , would like to play four or five more years if his body can hold up . There is nothing in his game that shows a decline . He came out of the four-game suspension rested and focused . He threw 28 touchdowns passes and only two interceptions in 12 games . And he did it mostly without injured tight end Rob Gronkowski , who played only eight games and had just three touchdown catches .
Brady is 39 , and his numbers are getting better , not worse . Over the past four years , his yards per attempt have increased from 6.9 in 2013 to 7.1 to 7.6 to 8.2 this season . His interceptions have dropped from 11 in 2013 to nine to seven to two . His passer rating has improved each year , and he 's staying healthy .
So Brady is my pick for the GOAT . Here 's the rest of my list of the top 15 quarterbacks in pro football history :
Note : An asterisk after a Super Bowl title denotes a Super Bowl MVP award , and I 'm going by The Associated Press for the tally of regular-season MVPs .
2 . Joe Montana
Regular-season record : 117-47 | Regular-season MVPs : 1989 , 1990
Super Bowl titles : XVI * , XIX * , XXIII , XXIV *
San Francisco 49ers coach Bill Walsh was ahead of his time . He helped turn a game fixed on running the football and playing stout defense into a sophisticated chess match in which receivers and pass-catching running backs ruled the day . Montana was the perfect quarterback to move the pieces . Montana won four Super Bowl rings -- and never threw an interception in those games -- and showed the NFL you can win championships through the air . Peyton Manning won one title apiece with the Colts and Broncos . Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images
3 . Peyton Manning
Regular-season record : 186-79 | Regular-season MVPs : 2003 , 2004 , 2008 , 2009 , 2013
Super Bowl titles : XLI * , 50
Manning was the Johnny Unitas of his era . He mastered the fourth-quarter comeback , and the two-minute drive was his specialty . More than anything else , however , he came into the NFL in the late 1990s when quarterback play was down and turned the NFL into a quarterback-driven league . Though he did n't look great in his final year in 2015 , Manning did enough in Super Bowl 50 to get his second Super Bowl ring in four trips and slip past Unitas into third place .
4 . Johnny Unitas
Regular-season record : 118-63-4 | Regular-season MVPs : 1959 , 1964 , 1967
Super Bowl titles : V ( also won NFL titles in 1958 , 1959 )
What Brady and Manning were doing in the 2000s , Unitas was doing in the 1950s and 1960s . Unitas mastered the fourth-quarter drive , marching his Baltimore Colts offenses up and down the field to mount comebacks and pick up great wins . With his crew cut and funny-looking shoes , Unitas was the ultimate field general .
5 . Otto Graham
Regular-season record : 57-13-1 | Regular-season MVPs : 1951 , 1953 , 1955
NFL titles : 1950 , 1954 , 1955
A former running back in a wing-T offense , Graham was a great passer in the 1940s and 1950s when everyone else was running the ball . He guided the Cleveland Browns to four AAFC championships before they joined the NFL in 1950 . John Elway had a 14-7 career record in the playoffs , throwing 27 touchdown passes and 21 interceptions . AP Photo/John Gaps III
6 . John Elway
Regular-season record : 148-82-1 | Regular-season MVPs : 1987
Super Bowl titles : XXXII , XXXIII *
Elway was perhaps the most talented of the great class of quarterbacks in the 1983 draft . He was so good that he would take above-average Denver Broncos teams to Super Bowls , even though it took him 15 years to get his first Super Bowl title . He closed his career in the best way -- back-to-back titles .
7 . Brett Favre
Regular-season record : 186-112 | Regular-season MVPs : 1995 , 1996 , 1997
Super Bowl titles : XXXI
A Green Bay Packers team doctor failed Favre on a physical when the Packers traded for him , and then he became the iron man of the sport , starting an NFL-record 297 straight regular-season games . He was a gunslinger who was willing to take chances -- but they did n't always turn out well , as he 's the NFL 's career leader in interceptions ( 336 ) .
8 . Dan Marino
Regular-season record : 147-93 | Regular-season MVPs : 1984
Marino had one of the best arms in the history of the league . His release was so fast that defenses had trouble sacking him . Unfortunately , Marino did n't have enough of a running game behind him to get to more than one Super Bowl . For 17 years , though , he wowed the NFL .
9 . Terry Bradshaw
Regular-season record : 107-51 | Regular-season MVPs : 1978
Super Bowl titles : IX , X , XIII * , XIV *
The Steelers had the Steel Curtain defense , but Bradshaw was the closer for their dynasty . He always came through in the playoffs , helping Pittsburgh win four titles in six years . As the Curtain started slowing down in its final years , Bradshaw got stronger and helped win games with the offense . Aaron Rodgers won his first and only Super Bowl title in 2010 when the Packers topped the Steelers . Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Regular-season record : 90-45 | Regular-season MVPs : 2011 , 2014
Super Bowl titles : XLV *
Rodgers has a rifle for an arm . Over the past year , he hit on three Hail Mary throws . Incredible . His third-and-20 pass to Jared Cook in the fourth quarter of the 2016 NFC divisional-round game against Dallas was one of the greatest throws in playoff history . It 's a shame he has only one Super Bowl ring , but he 's only 33 years old .
11 . Bart Starr
Regular-season record : 94-57-6 | Regular-season MVPs : 1966
Super Bowl titles : I * , II * ( also won NFL titles in 1961 , 1962 , 1965 )
Starr was the perfect leader and quarterback for Vince Lombardi 's dynasty with the Packers . Lombardi was a no-nonsense coach who won with a running offense and great execution . Starr was the field general who made plays down the stretch in big games .
12 . Steve Young
Regular-season record : 94-49 | Regular-season MVPs : 1992 , 1994
Super Bowl titles : XXIII , XXIV , XXIX * ( Young backed up Montana in the first two )
The 49ers made the move from Montana to Young and stayed at the dynasty level . Young was much different from Montana -- he was more of a running quarterback who evolved into one of the most efficient QBs in NFL history . His quarterback rating was well over 100 in six of his final nine seasons .
13 . Jim Kelly
Regular-season record : 101-59
Former Penn State coach Joe Paterno wanted Kelly to play linebacker for the Nittany Lions . It 's a good thing Kelly went to Miami ( Florida ) to play quarterback . Kelly , who never won a regular-season MVP , was one of the league 's toughest signal-callers . His brain moved much faster than his legs . He ran the Bills ' no-huddle K-Gun offense , which was several years ahead of the rest of the NFL , and went to four consecutive Super Bowls from 1990 to 1993 .
14 . Roger Staubach
Regular-season record : 85-29 | Super Bowl titles : VI * , XII
After Staubach took over the Cowboys ' job in 1971 , they were annual championship contenders . He led the league in passer rating four times . He makes this list over fellow Cowboys quarterback Troy Aikman , whom I have just outside the top 15 .
15 . Fran Tarkenton
Regular-season record : 124-109-6 | Regular-season MVPs : 1975
Tarkenton was the ultimate running quarterback . He rushed for 3,674 yards in his 18-year career , and his scrambling ability made him one of the most exciting quarterbacks to ever play the game . He was only 6-0 and 190 pounds , but his escapability made him stand tall among the league 's best signal-callers .
Duke Explores Rooftop Solar , Because It “ Slows ” Electricity Demand
March 6th , 2013 by Nicholas Brown
Rogers is not referring to grid-tie setups that involve net metering , because those offset electricity consumption from the grid by generating more electricity and supplying it to the grid : someone else that normally uses coal-derived electricity may use that solar electricity instead .
He is referring to systems that people use to generate their own electricity , so that they can buy less from the grid overall , and without supplying any power to the grid from which utilities profit . This threatens utilities greatly , whether they are ready to admit that or not .
“ It is obviously a potential threat to us over the long term and an opportunity in the short term , ” Rogers said in an interview . “ If the cost of solar panels keeps coming down , installation costs come down and if they combine solar with battery technology and a power management system , then we have someone just using us for backup . ”
Unsurprisingly , Duke would like to continue seeing its profits grow , and one way to do this is to expand its operations into providing rooftop solar systems .
Duke has capital available to fund an expansion into rooftop solar if the company decides to pursue the market , Good said . “ Our thinking has n't matured to the point that we 're actively pursuing anything . ”
Source : Bloomberg
Last updated on October 17 , 2017 .
Some of the groups leading the way in this effort are Identity Evropa , The Right Stuff and Vanguard America . Flyering activities are an integral part of the racist “ alt-right ” movement as they provide a simple way for “ a convert to [ become ] a committed supporter. ” Flyers have the distinct ability to draw attention to the group and cause while keeping the member in the shadows . These incidents represent a new rise in hate and recruitment for hate groups on college campuses .
The following groups and/or individuals are responsible for the majority of flyering incidents :
Identity Evropa ( 154 )
Identity Evropa , the brainchild of ex-Marine , Nathan Damigo , came to fruition in March 2016 . With close ties to Richard Spencer , the group aims to hide its white supremacist ideologies behind a pseudo-intellectualized facade . From their “ fashy haircuts ” and pressed khakis to the group 's sleek website , aesthetics are everything . This motive is certainly not lost on Identity Evropa 's flyering endeavours , arguably their most notable activity .
Officially launched in September 2016 , # ProjectSiege has coalesced into an effort to recruit college students into Identity Evropa 's ranks of white Identitarians . These recruitment flyers run the gamut from simple stickers depicting only the group 's logo — a blue or white dragon 's eye meant to represent the choice between good and evil — to recruitment flyers pandering to people 's fears of being replaced by immigrants . Their most widespread flyers , however , use simplistic and purposefully vague slogans , such as “ Our Future Belongs To Us ” and “ Our Destiny Is Ours , ” superimposed over images of ancient Greek sculptures of Julius Caesar and Hercules . Flyering initiatives associated with # ProjectSiege have experienced surges at the beginning of each college semester , with 23 incidents in September 2016 , 35 in February 2017 , and 36 in September 2017 .
Vanguard America ( 42 )
Similar to Identity Europa , Vanguard America is comprised largely of younger white men for whom appearance is integral to recruitment . In Charlottesville , Virginia on August 11 and 12 for Unite the Right , members of this organization donned white polos with khaki pants while chanting “ Blood and Soil. ” Vanguard America 's symbology harkens back to historical periods associated with intellectual innovation and prowess . The Roman fasces featured in the group 's logo is a bundle of sticks around an axe , denoting a magistrate 's power . The symbol also served as the namesake for Benito Mussolini 's Italian Fascist Party .
Vanguard America formed out of the Iron March Forum in 2014 . The group has developed increasingly fascist and neo-Nazi views , a trend that is reflected in their present flyering endeavours . Examples of Vanguard America 's propaganda include flyers imploring white Americans to report illegal immigrants and encourage the maintainance of racial purity in order to free themselves from the threat of so-called white genocide . Thus far in 2017 , 32 incidents of such flyers being posted on college campuses have been reported .
The Right Stuff ( 26 )
Registered on October 4 , 2012 , The Right Stuff ( TRS ) was created by Michael `` Enoch '' Peinovich as an alt-right “ political and cultural blog ” claiming to redirect the “ modern narrative. ” In actuality , the network of podcasts and articles are dominated by racist and anti-Semitic in-jokes designed for and by their readers and listeners . Beginning with their flagship podcast , “ The Daily Shoah ” — which has a destinct anti-Semtitic bent in its mockery of the Holocaust and popularization of ( ( ( echoes ) ) ) — TRS has since expanded to broadcast shows with neo-Nazis fixations on the occult , such as “ The Paranormies Present , ” and pseudo-news podcasts with white nationalist commentaries , like “ Fash the Nation . ”
With a ‘ pool party ' structure centered around local meet ups of forum contributors and podcast pundits , TRS has created a vacuum for disgruntled men to goad each other into embracing rawer displays of white supremacy . Such a space has certainly given way to their offensive , yet comparably sparse , flyering tactics . Only in November 2016 was there a large spike in the group 's flyering activities , with 17 different incidents . Additionally , unlike the aforementioned groups , TRS flyers use a variety of tactics , imagery , slogans and “ statistics ” to garner attention . Several reported flyers have featured the “ 14 words ” ( “ We must secure the existence of our race and a future for white children ” ) , racist statistics about intelligence , fear-mongering quotes about “ white genocide ” and references to Donald Trump being the first step in rectifying white supremacy .
Weev ( 24 )
Weev , whose real name is Andrew Auernheimer , is an anti-semitic neo-Nazi who has repeatedly targeted printers on college campuses to print racist flyers . In August 2016 , Auernheimer claimed to have written code to access 50,000 printers connected to the open web to produce flyers calling for the murder of black and Jewish children .
“ I unequivocally support the killing of children , ” Auernheimer wrote in the flyer . “ I believe that our enemies need such a level of atrocity inflicted upon them and their homes that they are afraid to ever threaten the white race with genocide again . We will not relent until far after their daughters are raped in front of them . We will not relent until far after the eyes of their sons are gouged out before them . We will not relent until the cries of their infants are silenced by boots stomping on their brains out onto payment . ”
In an early sign of what was to come , Andrew Auernheimer , aka `` weev , '' exploited printers on college campuses to print out pro-Nazi flyers in the spring of 2016 .
In 2013 , Auernheimer was sentenced to 41 months of jail time on one count of identity fraud and one count of conspiracy to access a computer without authorization after exposing a flaw in AT & T security which allowed e-mail addresses of iPad owners to be revealed . The verdict was controversial since weev and his lawyer claimed they did n't steal passwords or hack into the server . Still , Auernheimer did go to prison briefly before his judgement was vacated on a technicality . After his release , Auernheimer took on a larger role within the anti-Semitic , white supremacist website , the Daily Stormer .
More recently , in March 2016 , he hacked printers across the country , this time releasing flyers with swastikas promoting the Daily Stormer . Auernheimer has also thanked Dylann Roof for “ his personal sacrifice of his life and future for white children , ” as well as praised Anders Breivik who killed 77 people in a political statement against immigration in 2011 in Oslo , Norway .
Atomwaffen Division ( 11 )
Atomwaffen Division is a small neo-Nazi , neo-fascist hate group that , like Vanguard America , is a product of the Iron March forum . Recruitment flyers distributed by this group feature swastikas and “ Black Lives Do n't Matter ” slogans while relying on the stark contrast of heavy black ink on white paper .
Atomwaffen Division gained notoriety when one member , Stephen Billingsley , harassed a vigil held for victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting in San Antonio , Texas , while wearing a skull mask ( a sign of AtomWaffen Division membership ) and holding a sign that said “ God Hates Fags . ”
Billingsley later wrote on Facebook :
“ I am a member of the Atomwaffen Division ... This was my first action taken on behalf of the Division ... We must preserve the purity of our race , oppose the intrusion of foreign religions and do away with homosexuality for good . Heil Hitler ! ”
Atomwaffen is also known for another member named Devon Arthurs , who met his three roommates in Atomwaffen 's neo-Nazi chat rooms . Arthurs began his radicalization there before converting to Salafism , an ultra conservative sect of Sunni Islam . “ He went from communist to national socialism to hyper-pragmatic capitalism to full ISIS , ” said James , a 20-year old “ American nationalist ” Arthurs also met in a chat room ..
Arthurs later killed two of his roommates because they disagreed with his ideology . Police found a framed picture of Timothy McVeigh , the terrorist who blew up a federal office building in Oklahoma City in 1995 , on the ( dresser ) of Brandon Russell , the third roommate . Arthurs told police Russell had claimed the only thing McVeigh did wrong , was not putting “ more material inside the truck to bring the whole building down. ” Russell was arrested after police found bomb-making materials in his garage .
Hate on campus has experienced large spikes over the last year , including directly after the election of Donald Trump , and during and after his inauguration .
In the words of prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer , “ people in college are at this point in their lives where they are actually open to alternative perspectives … I think you need to get them while they 're young. ” This malleability coupled with college campuses ' design as relatively small , heavily trafficked areas makes them a lucrative recruiting site for hate groups . In his crusade to reach the minds of younger generations , Spencer has attempted to speak on numerous college campuses over the past several months , oftentimes to no avail .
Prior to his April 18 , 2017 speaking event at Auburn University , White Student Union flyers were posted around campus , heightening security concerns . Both actions , attending a speech and participating in flyering , foster a “ sense of identity and connection to others in the real world , ” gains that go far beyond superficial chat rooms and forums . Thus , SPLC on Campus also provides students with the opportunity to break with their keyboards and participate in meaningful actions to counter hate and bigotry in their academic and personal environments . Students can find the resources to organize , discuss and translate their concerns into tangible action . In addition , if you see or hear of an incident on your campus , please let us know .
Edit : For those wondering how this was made , here 's a video tutorial I cooked up : www.youtube.com/watch ? v=JYu6RO…
Awright ! Rainboooooow Daaash ! She 's almost too cool for the poster . I was afraid the Gif compression would destroy everything as she is quite colorful ( Rainbow .. DUH ! ) But it seems our favorite polychromatic pony managed to keep her colors and awesomeness all the way through
Her story was something as well . Since she 's loyal to not just her friends but to all ponies around her ( `` I 'd lever let Ponyville hangin ' '' ) and too quick for most , I see her as not anti-social as much as just not getting out of her way to 'socialize ' . She 's not impolite , would make small talk but again , more comfortable when she 'S either quietly napping , training or just flying fast . So bringing her in while she wasnt actively a friend of Twilight and the other mane 6 ( Twi was mostly friends with Zecora , Fluttershy with Applejack , Pinkie with a bit of everyone in town and Rarity had her name and Fleur with her ) it was a bit difficult . I hope I managed it well though . Enjoy ^^
-- -
Best young flier , excellent weather patrol pony and exceedingly quick pegasus . Rainbow Dash was on course to be part of the Elite Guards and dreamt of loyally defending her fellow ponies from possible invaders . Ever since she rescued a little filly from a fire , she was the talk of town . The filly , Scootaloo , litterally idolized her .
She was practicing for the royal trials and to the town 's amazement , performed the mythical Sonic Rainboom . Surprising more than a few . The blast was apparently visible over the Dragonridge mountain range , into Griffon territory .
The euphoria did not last long . A few days later , she was to be arrested and executed for almost starting a war with the Griffon , as they beleived her rainboom was a weapons test . Everypony in town stood up for their hero , Scootaloo in front . `` You 'll have to catch me , first ! '' were her famous words . She is wanted by the Crown in all of Equestria to this day and goes by the name 'Red Rainbow ' as a `` Defiance of her blood that was never spilled '' .
She developped a fast and deadly fencing technique using her wings . Eye witness accounts speak of her using air to slice away obstacles and enemies .
Over the course of tracking scoring chances for this series , I poked a bit of fun at the Avalanche . A number of Avs fans responded by emailing me and calling me a variety of names , most of which were fit for only Ben to print . A couple of the emails asked the same question : `` Why do you hate the Avs ? '' Hate the Avs ? I do n't hate the Avs at all . The jokes I made at the expense of the Avs were mostly born out of exasperation at watching them play . Yes , I know the Avs were a nice story , surprising the hockey world with their amazing start . But , when I was forced to watch them night in and night out , I realized that this was really a lottery team disguised by the play of a goalie in the midst of a fantastic year . How Scott was able to do this for every game is something I 'll never know .
Watching the Avs is like watching the Oilers , only the puck does n't go in the net so much . If you 've watched the Oilers for any amount of time , you know how excruciating that can be . If you 're a regular reader , you know how much fun I 've had at the expense of the Oilers , and you know how many jokes I 've made concerning the Oilers play . To expect anything less when I write about a team that 's just as bad is unreasonable . And yes , the Avs are a bad hockey team . I suspect that when Scott is done with the Avs scoring chance project for the full season that we 'll find a team that is not all that far away from the Oilers when it comes to even strength play . Yes , the Colorado Avalanche are Edmonton Oilers bad .
Colorado goes home to the adoration of their fans . They were `` fast '' , `` plucky '' , `` too young to know what they were playing for '' , `` selfless '' , and `` motivated '' , and it their goaltending just could n't hold them in the series at the end . San Jose moves on , thanks to `` luck '' even though Joe Thornton , Patrick Marleau and Dany Heatley `` underperformed '' , Joe Pavelski `` stepped up '' and is now `` clutch '' . It 's not surprising that the numbers tell a different story than those in the print and broadcast media have been pushing , it is surprising how much different the two stories really are .
For those of you who are new to the concept of tracking scoring chances , a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately-preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net . Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are . A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score . He is awarded a `` chance for '' if someone on his team has a chance to score and a `` chance against '' if the opposing team has a chance to score . Vic Ferrari makes this all possible with his tools to evaluate Corsi , head-to-head ice time and scoring chances .
* For a primer on the other stats mentioned here , please visit the always-lively Behind The Net Hockey .
Scoring Chances
Corsi Number
The first table are the totals for the series by period . For each game state , the first column represents the Avs ' numbers , the second column represents the Sharks ' chances .
Period Totals EV PP SH 1 20 40 16 22 3 0 1 18 2 27 52 20 45 7 1 0 6 3 24 52 16 34 7 0 1 18 4 5 7 5 5 0 0 0 2 Series 76 151 57 106 17 1 2 44
The Avalanche were outchanced by 2-1 overall and just short of 2-1 at even strength . The Avs the best play at even strength came in the first period and they got progressively worse after that . For the entire series , the Avs were outchanced 36-79 at even strength in the second and third periods .
The second table is a breakdown of scoring chances for each Avs skater at even strength . The last three columns show the chances numbers broken down per sixty minutes of even strength time on the ice .
# Player EV
CHF/60 CHA/60 CD/60 29 R. STOA 7.93 2 2
15.13 15.13 0.00 32 K. PORTER 35.25 6 6
10.21 10.21 0.00 45 C. DURNO 6.15 3 3
29.27 29.27 0.00 44 R. WILSON 55.62 12 15
12.95 16.18 -3.24 15 M. HENDRICKS 44.85 10 13
13.38 17.39 -4.01 27 K. QUINCEY 104.10 22 31
12.68 17.87 -5.19 37 R. O'REILLY 78.87 12 20
9.13 15.22 -6.09 22 S. HANNAN 107.58 23 34
12.83 18.96 -6.13 4 J. LILES 93.47 17 27
10.91 17.33 -6.42 23 M. HEJDUK 32.08 6 10
11.22 18.70 -7.48 5 B. CLARK 15.93 3 5
11.30 18.83 -7.53 24 R. SALEI 20.55 4 7
11.68 20.44 -8.76 18 S. YELLE 45.93 6 13
7.84 16.98 -9.14 55 C. MCLEOD 63.07 7 17
6.66 16.17 -9.51 26 P. STASTNY 102.95 20 37
11.66 21.56 -9.91 25 C. STEWART 95.85 22 38
13.77 23.79 -10.02 39 T. GALIARDI 101.12 19 36
11.27 21.36 -10.09 9 M. DUCHENE 101.92 24 42
14.13 24.73 -10.60 40 M. SVATOS 37.20 11 18
17.74 29.03 -11.29 16 D. TUCKER 62.13 10 23
9.66 22.21 -12.55 52 A. FOOTE 111.05 18 46
9.73 24.85 -15.13 59 B. YIP 97.18 12 40
7.41 24.70 -17.29 10 K. CUMISKEY 110.25 15 47
8.16 25.58 -17.41
As I noted during each recap , this series was a strict power-versus-power matchup as both coaches chose to match Paul Stastny against Joe Thornton and Matt Duchene against Joe Pavelski . Neither Duchene nor Stastny could handle this . Whether this was related to the play of their wingers is another story . Look at the scoring chance numbers and consider the reverse . If Stastny was matched against Thornton at even strength , then Thornton outchanced his opponents by something in the range of 2-1 , or ten chances per sixty . Yet , according to the scribes who write and stick to the narrative , Thornton was darned lucky that Pavelski was there to pick up the slack .
Another constant in my game reviews was the brutal play of Brandon Yip . By the chances numbers Yip was the worst forward on the team and it was n't close . In the comments of one of Gabe Desjardins ' posts on the subject , an Avs fan mentioned that Yip was pressed into service in the top six because of injuries . There had to be better options on the team .
The other thing that sticks out is the terrible play of Darcy Tucker . Tucker spent 71 % of his even strength time playing against San Jose 's third and fourth lines and did not do well , a -12.55 chance differential per sixty is essentially a -22 at even strength over the course of a season -- against third and fourth level minutes .
The bright spot for the Avs , if you can call it that , was the play of Scott Hannan and Kyle Quincey . The pair spent 60 % of their even strength time in this series matched against Joe Thornton and another 25 % matched against Joe Pavelski . Even though 85 % of their even strength time came against the Sharks ' top two lines , they posted the best chances differential among all Colorado defenders . This is a real indictment of Colorado 's other defenders , and the other two pairings had the luxury of taking on lesser minutes and were absolutely drilled in doing so , especially Adam Foote and Kyle Cumiskey .
There are some that take issue with the use of Corsi or advanced stats , and for them this series should be instructive . First the full team even strength stats :
Chances Corsi Fenwick Series -49 -133 -85 Series/60 -9.52 -25.84 -16.52
Compare the chances differential per sixty to the Corsi per sixty or Fenwick per sixty . When someone says `` Corsi is irrelevant '' as many of Gabe Desjardins ' commenters have done recently , they really have no idea what they 're talking about . Corsi is a close estimation of zone time , or as everyone likes to say `` puck possession '' . Scoring chances are generated through zone time , and goals come from scoring chances . In other words , when Corsi is spoken of as a measure of a player or team 's effectiveness , there is math to back it up . Of course we have to look at those numbers in context , and when we do n't we might say foolish things , but most people that use Corsi as a measuring stick use context . As we saw in this series , crazy things can happen in the short run -- goalies can get hot , bad teams can shoot 22 % . But over time , the events that are mostly luck-driven , goals , regress . The events that are n't luck driven , also known as zone time and shot quantities , are more predictable and predictive . Even a single playoff series is much too small of a sample size to determine the above relationships , unless of course there is total domination , as we witnessed in this series .
Now look at the individual stats comparisons :
# Player CD/60 Corsi/60 Fenwick/60 29 R. STOA 0.00 -45.38 -15.13 32 K. PORTER 0.00 -17.02 -3.40 45 C. DURNO 0.00 19.51 39.02 44 R. WILSON -3.24 -16.18 -7.55 15 M. HENDRICKS -4.01 -14.72 -2.68 27 K. QUINCEY -5.19 -17.87 -8.07 37 R. O'REILLY -6.09 -36.52 -22.06 22 S. HANNAN -6.13 -17.29 -6.69 4 J. LILES -6.42 -21.18 -10.91 23 M. HEJDUK -7.48 -29.92 -9.35 5 B. CLARK -7.53 -22.59 -7.53 24 R. SALEI -8.76 -23.36 -17.52 18 S. YELLE -9.14 -27.43 -13.06 55 C. MCLEOD -9.51 -30.44 -25.69 26 P. STASTNY -9.91 -22.15 -19.23 25 C. STEWART -10.02 -23.79 -20.03 39 T. GALIARDI -10.09 -26.11 -21.95 9 M. DUCHENE -10.60 -22.96 -9.42 40 M. SVATOS -11.29 -9.68 -6.45 16 D. TUCKER -12.55 -20.28 -15.45 52 A. FOOTE -15.13 -34.58 -24.31 59 B. YIP -17.29 -40.13 -22.23 10 K. CUMISKEY -17.41 -44.63 -35.92
Ryan Stoa , Kevin Porter , Brett Clark , Marek Svatos , Milan Hejduk and Chris Durno did n't play nearly enough minutes for any of their ratios to be relevant . Even though the sample size is still small the rest of the team 's numbers begin to converge . Hannan and Quincey have the best Fenwick and Corsi to match the best chances differential . Cumiskey and Yip are the worst by all measures .
President Donald Trump 's adviser and son-in-law , Jared Kushner , is involved in a search for candidates to replace Michael Flynn , according to sources close to the administration , even as the president 's senior advisers publicly continue to send mixed signals about the fate of the embattled national security adviser .
“ They are trying to figure out the solution to Flynn right now , ” said one of the sources . “ The problem is they do n't have it yet . They need to get a solution . You ca n't have a firing without an immediate replacement . You need a plan . ”
Story Continued Below
. .
The list includes retired Gen. David Petraeus , who 's scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House this week , according to two people familiar with the plans . Other possibilities : Stephen Hadley , who served as national security adviser under President George W. Bush ; Tom Bossert , who also served as a national security aide under Bush and now oversees cybersecurity under Trump ; Adm. James Stavridis , dean of the Fletcher School at Tufts ; and Department of Homeland Security head John Kelly .
Petraeus was briefly considered for secretary of state during the transition but was passed over in part because of his 2015 conviction for mishandling classified information .
Questions about Flynn 's status were met with conflicting responses by White House officials Monday . “ The president is evaluating the situation , ” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Monday evening . “ He 's getting input , he 's looking at the situation . ”
Earlier in the day , Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway sent a different message in a television appearance . “ General Flynn does enjoy the full confidence of the president , ” Conway told MSNBC .
Trump has n't addressed questions about Flynn since Friday , when he told reporters on board Air Force One that he would “ look into ” the reports that Flynn lied about improperly discussing sanctions imposed on Russia by the Obama administration with Russia 's ambassador before Trump 's inauguration .
Flynn spent the weekend with Trump in Florida at the president 's Mar-a-Lago resort and was part of the delegation welcoming Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the White House on Monday .
A White House spokeswoman declined to respond to questions from POLITICO about the search for potential Flynn successors .
Trump has long admired Petraeus and sought his counsel . `` Trump likes him , he respects him , '' said a person close to Trump .
Petraeus did not respond to an email seeking comment .
Hadley , who served in previous Republican administrations , also did not respond to a request for comment . During the campaign , he declined to sign letters issued by mainstream Republicans criticizing Trump 's most provocative stances . He said at the time that he felt that should Trump win it would be advisable that he feel comfortable turning to experienced members of the party 's foreign policy establishment for advice .
Stavridis , a former NATO commander of NATO , emailed POLITICO that he has not heard anything from the White House . “ All quiet in my nets , ” the retired admiral said .
The list of people being considered to replace Michael Flynn includes retired Gen. David Petraeus , who 's scheduled to meet with President Donald Trump at the White House this week . | Getty
Flynn , a retired three-star general who was forced out as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 , was one of the first and most decorated military officers to back Trump and became a fixture on the stump during the presidential campaign .
It would have broken longstanding precedent , and possibly the law , for Flynn to have discussed the sanctions with the Kremlin before the inauguration , when he was still a private citizen . Flynn had acknowledged speaking to Russia 's ambassador in that time but denied that the sanctions came up , and Vice President Mike Pence went on television to back him up .
Spicer also said it was his understanding that Flynn had apologized to Vice President Mike Pence , who went on television and said , based on conversations with Flynn , that sanctions were n't mentioned on the call .
Democrats on the House oversight committee delivered a letter Monday night to committee chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R-Utah ) asking for an investigation into Flynn and his ties to Russia . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also called for Flynn to be fired . “ Michael Flynn 's conduct was alarming enough before his secret communications with the Russians were exposed , ” Pelosi said in a statement . “ Now , we have a national security adviser who can not be trusted not to put Putin before America . ”
Bryan Bender , Madeline Conway , and Darren Samuelsohn contributed to this report .
CLOSE Scoring win after win in the Super Tuesday contests , Donald Trump took a big step towards clinching the Republican nomination , while rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio held onto hope and vowed to fight on . ( March 2 ) AP
Hillary might look like a shoo-in with African-American voters , but do n't be too sure .
Trump rallies in Columbus , Ohio , on March 1 , 2016 . ( Photo11 : John Minchillo , AP )
With Hillary Clinton racking up more overwhelming victories in Super Tuesday primaries thanks to the overwhelming support of African-American voters , the conventional wisdom is that she has the black vote on lockdown . She might be wrong .
Clinton has already been endorsed by most members of the Congressional Black Caucus , many big city black mayors and other notable black elected officials from California to the Carolinas .
Additionally , she 's also getting not so subtle signs of support from Obama White House insiders and a few shout-outs from President Obama himself . Initially , the president promised to remain neutral until the primary season was over , but he recently appeared to ever so gently open the door to an endorsement of his former secretary of State sooner than expected .
Personally , I never thought Obama would wait that long , not after what Bill Clinton did for him at the Democratic National Convention in 2012 to help energize his re-election campaign . I suspect Obama would love nothing more than to even the score by repaying the debt he owes the Clintons . Politics is funny . First , they run against each other in a nasty campaign with racial overtones , then they feign friendship and work together , then Bill gallops in to help Barack win a second term , and now Hillary needs the president 's support to win the presidency herself . Talk about triangulation .
Nonetheless , the conventional wisdom is that black voters have forgiven the Clintons for their attempt to diminish Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign , and this time around , they 've got Hillary 's back . Except everyone knows that in this presidential election cycle , conventional wisdom left the building long before the train ever left the station . Something tells me that if Donald Trump is indeed the Republican nominee , it might be a miscalculation for Democrats to take for granted that black voters are a lock for their nominee , even with the first black president and Barack Obama both campaigning for her .
For starters , charisma , charm and likeability are n't transferable . While the chance to elect the first woman president is indeed tantalizing for many , in black America specifically , it 's not exactly the same as watching an African-American first family taking up residence at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . Indeed , even women have n't as yet rallied en masse around Hillary the way black folk did around Obama .
Second , the number of everyday black voters we assume will dismiss Trump because of his anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim attacks might well be inflated . While I certainly have had my say about Trump being a “ religious and racial arsonist ” ( and he responded quickly on Twitter ) , not everyone in black America agrees with me . I have been taken aback by myriad conversations I 've had with black folk who do n't find those comments by Trump necessarily or automatically disqualifying . In the coming days , we will see whether his initial refusal last Sunday on CNN to disavow the endorsement of David Duke , the Ku Klux Klan and white supremacy might anger black voters . Interestingly , almost two months ago , CNN ran a story about a white supremacist group doing robocalls for Trump in Iowa . He did n't denounce them then and seems not to have suffered for it .
Third , though it is true that black/brown political coalitions have had strategic successes , it is also true that there have been plenty of other occasions where the interests of black and brown voters did n't exactly align . In California where I live , Latinos are still smarting from the lack of black voter support in 1994 to help defeat the anti-immigrant Proposition 187 . At best , it 's a big assumption to think that both the black political establishment and everyday black voters share the same sentiment on Trump 's anti-immigrant stance . Scary , but honestly , I 'm not so sure .
POLICING THE USA : A look at race , justice , media
Fourth , it 's telling how quiet the black elites have been , those who travel in social circles with Trump , even as he has been taken to task time and again for his racial if not racist language . There have been some exceptions — Harry Belafonte and Danny Glover come to mind — but the relative silence of the black establishment class has been chilling . Recently , I read a national newspaper feature about Trump and his relationships with notable high-profile black Americans . Interestingly , nobody really wanted to go on record criticizing The Donald .
I 've talked privately to some of Trump 's black friends since I read that piece , and to a person , their critique of him is highly nuanced . Men and women from black America 's most privileged class , either genuinely like this guy or they 're afraid of being caught in his social media meat grinder . Those whose job it is to comment on politics have been strong in condemning Trump , but those who earn their wealth elsewhere have been too quiet . In any event , it 's going to be interesting to watch how these BFOTs ( black friends of Trump ) support the Democratic nominee even as they try to remain neutral on Trump .
Finally , it 's mind-numbing to some of us that a reckless member of the billionaire class has somehow convinced hardworking , everyday people that he is their savior . But all rich guys are n't created equal . Ultimately , Trump 's policies might not be that different from what Mitt Romney 's would have been , but they apparently sound different to working class voters .
For many black voters , I think it 's fair to say that , at the moment , at least , Trump is no Romney .
Consequently , there is no reason to believe that if he is his party 's nominee , Donald Trump would n't make a serious play for black voters . Who knows how many he might skim ? In a close election , it might not take much .
Tavis Smiley , a member of USA TODAY 's Board of Contributors , is managing editor of Tavis Smiley on PBS and author of The Covenant with Black America : Ten Years Later .
In addition to its own editorials , USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers , including our Board of Contributors . To read more columns like this , go to the Opinion front page .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1oXknPt
Fox Business Network , the host of Tuesday 's GOP debate , has its claws out — not for the candidates , as its moderators vow to stick closely to the issues , but for its more famous competitor CNBC .
Tuesday 's encounter will be the first Republican debate since CNBC 's on Oct. 28 , after which multiple campaigns blasted the moderators for losing control and asking “ gotcha ” questions — while Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus dismissed it as a “ crap sandwich . ”
Story Continued Below
Thus , FBN moderators Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo insisted in POLITICO interviews that they are aiming to be quite different from CNBC — and seemed to share the sense that CNBC 's questions veered from the strict substance of the issues .
`` My goal is to make myself invisible , ” Cavuto , one of three moderators for the prime-time debate , said in an interview last week . `` That I 'm not the issue . … That we 're not the issue . The answers to what we 're raising become the issue . ''
Bartiromo sounded a similar note : “ After that [ CNBC ] debate , I realized , I knew my marching orders . It was clearer than ever what my marching orders are , and that is to help the viewer , help the voter better understand what each candidate 's plan is ; is it a realistic plan , can it work and how is it different from the next guy or gal , and that 's what I plan to focus on . ''
Cavuto and Bartiromo both worked for CNBC before defecting to Fox Business , whose chairman and CEO , Roger Ailes , used to be president of CNBC .
For years CNBC has been seen as the more famous and influential cable business-news network . CNBC is available in approximately 93 million homes , while Fox Business is in about 82 million homes , according to Nielsen . But Fox Business has been catching up in the ratings , notching some important wins this year , and clearly sees the debate as an opportunity to make up some ground in both ratings and credibility .
A debate promo from the network airing in recent days declares , `` CNBC never asked the real questions , never covered the real issues . That 's why on Nov. 10 , the real debate about our economy and our future is only on Fox Business Network . ''
The tough talk went all the way up to the highest levels of parent company 21st Century Fox , which is co-chaired by Rupert Murdoch .
`` We think it 's really a great opportunity to showcase and differentiate Fox Business in terms of depth , quality and production , '' 21st Century Fox CEO James Murdoch , Rupert 's son , said of the debate on the company 's quarterly earnings call last week .
FBN clearly hopes to emulate CNBC in one respect — earning big ratings . With 14 million viewers that advertisers reportedly paid $ 250,000 a pop to reach , the Oct. 28 debate was said to be the most-watched piece of programming since the network launched in 1989 . But it also drew criticism and negative reviews .
Candidates blasted moderators Carl Quintanilla , Becky Quick and John Harwood for focusing on loaded , negative questions . “ This is n't a cage match , ” Sen. Ted Cruz thunderedat one point in the evening .
Afterward , many of the campaigns ganged up on the RNC , which sanctioned the debate and worked with CNBC on its guidelines . As a result , the RNC suspended plans to partner with sister-network NBC News on a February debate , and the ordeal reportedly led to hand-wringing among CNBC 's on-air talent and executives .
At FBN , Bartiromo and Cavuto will be joined as questioners by Wall Street Journal editor-in-chief Gerard Baker , whom the Journal did not make available for an interview . But Cavuto and Bartiromo said they 're doing a lot of preparation , immersing themselves in every candidates ' position , from previous acts in office to current statements .
“ There 's a lot to it ; you have to be up for everything and get your hands on everything , but not to the point that you 're so beaten down in the weeds and details that you lose sight of the bigger picture , ” Cavuto said .
Then there 's the risk of something entirely unexpected . With many of the candidates lagging in the polls and desperate for momentum , both Bartiromo and Cavuto are well aware that some of the candidates might resort to antics to get attention . FBN will allow more time for answers than at previous debates and will utilize a bell to signify when time is up , which should at least make it easier for the moderators to keep the stage under control .
`` I do n't think you can be prepared for a comment that may come from one of the candidates that you were n't expecting . You ca n't prepare for a live situation in that regard , ” Bartiromo said . `` What you can prepare for is ensuring you know the issues , that you 've got the right questions and you 've got the right follow-up and you know exactly where they stand on the important issues . ''
Fox Business News anchors Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo will moderate the channel 's debate . | Photo courtesy of Fox Business News
The network is also planning to keep close track of how long each candidate is speaking in order to ensure equal time . During CNBC 's debate , both RNC officials and representatives of the various campaigns complained that candidates were not being given equal opportunities to speak .
`` We will actually be policing times to make sure that this candidate [ who ] has not gotten enough time , that he or she will get that addressed so we can leave the debate saying that as crowded as the field was , they all had their chances to state their case , ” Cavuto said .
While Cavuto and Bartiromo said they plan to stick strictly to economic and business questions — “ We 're business journalists . We 're nerds , we should embrace who we are , we want to stick to these subjects , ” Cavuto said — it does n't mean the entire night will be an Econ 101 class .
Bartiromo gave an example of asking a candidate to list potential names for Cabinet positions .
`` There are questions that may be unforeseen because there are situations in life that are unforeseen . If you 're running the country , you want to have a comfort feeling that this person can think on their feet , answer questions that may be unforeseen and do it in a calm , controlled way , ” Bartiromo said .
But Cavuto said that at its heart , Tuesday 's debate will be a serious discussion about issues and that Fox Business wo n't become a character in the campaign soap opera .
“ This stuff in and of itself is riveting . People are tuning in for a reason . They 're engaged in this process , so you do n't have to sell it like some sort of TV drama ; it writes itself , ” Cavuto said . “ So we should just make sure we 're being informative and people feel informed , and we 'll let chips fall where they may . ”
And , in a veiled reference to the attacks on CNBC , he added , “ Do n't trivialize this , do n't ‘ gotcha ' this , do n't make this into something it 's not . It 's a debate on economic issues , it 's not 'Access Hollywood . ' ''
The two-hour debate , to air at 9 p.m. Eastern time , will feature eight candidates . An undercard debate with four candidates will precede it at 7 p.m . Both are being held in Milwaukee .
Joe Pompeo contributed to this report .
CLARIFICATION : Clarification : This piece has been updated to reflect the most recent Nielsen numbers for homes carrying Fox Business Network .
An official with the LDS Church 's development partner in the $ 1.5 billion downtown redevelopment project says the dwindling number of state liquor licenses could make it hard to fill restaurant space .
`` It 's very important for the caliber of restaurant that we 're talking about having with this project , '' said Bruce Heckman , vice president of development for Taubman Centers Inc. `` We would need those in order to be able to get the best quality of restaurant . ''
But the state Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control Commission has been coming close in recent months to issuing all of the licenses available under the population-based quota system set by the Legislature .
And although there 's pressure to ease or even eliminate the quotas from some commissioners as well as the restaurant and hospitality industry , neither lawmakers nor Gov . Gary Herbert are taking up the issue .
On the Downtown Rising Web site , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said that , regarding City Creek , `` a limited number of high-quality restaurant tenants who will operate on property not owned by the church may apply for licenses to serve alcoholic beverages in accordance with existing state regulations . '' The LDS Church , which counsels its members against drinking alcohol , has stated it is not opposed to responsible consumption of alcoholic beverages by informed adults .
With the project still three years from completion , Taubman officials are keeping a close eye on the number of available licenses as they court tenants for the 800,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space .
`` We 're watching the laws as they continue to evolve , '' Heckman said . `` The quota issue is a potential problem for us . We wo n't open until 2012 , and all the licenses could be gone by then . We do n't know . ''
Asked if Taubman would lobby the Legislature for a change to the law , Heckman said , `` We will be monitoring the situation . ''
Liquor-license quotas came up briefly when Herbert met Monday with members of the Utah Restaurant Association , said the governor 's spokeswoman , Angie Welling . But he still has no plans to push for additional reforms in the upcoming legislative session .
Asked whether something will need to be done by 2012 for the City Creek development , Welling said that to her knowledge , `` that 's not an issue the governor has examined in depth . ''
Rep. Greg Hughes , R-Draper , who helped push through major liquor reform in the 2009 Legislature that did away with private club membership requirements , said quotas do need to be looked at — but not until 2011 .
The upcoming annual legislative session is too soon to take on another big liquor issue , Hughes said , warning that might be seen by some as abandoning state control over alcohol .
`` I think we battle a perception problem , '' he said . `` That is the real political engine on that more than anything else . ''
Still , Hughes said the 20-acre City Creek project will have influence . `` It will be part of the equation , '' Hughes said . `` I do n't know how it could n't be . ''
Sen. John Valentine , R-Orem , the sponsor of last session 's liquor reform legislation , agreed nothing is likely to happen in the 2010 Legislature .
`` City Creek could be of interest , but there are a lot of other demands , too , '' Valentine said .
The state is down to eight full-service restaurant liquor licenses and nine for those establishments limited to serving wine and beer . Sam Granato , chairman of the liquor commission , has called for getting rid of the quota system .
`` We should look at it because of a major development called City Creek that 's going downtown , '' Granato said . `` I would think that would be a compelling reason . ''
Heckman said a state law that prohibits alcohol sales within 200 feet of a church — even if there is no opposition from the church — should n't affect City Creek .
While the development , at points , is just across the street from Temple Square , Taubman officials have planned for restaurant spaces to be far enough south that the spacing restriction should not have an impact .
Sectoral Labor Mobility and Optimal Monetary Policy
Author/Editor :
Alessandro Cantelmo ; Giovanni Melina
Publication Date :
March 6 , 2017
Electronic Access :
Free Full Text . Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer : IMF Working Papers describe research in progress by the author ( s ) and are published to elicit comments and to encourage debate . The views expressed in IMF Working Papers are those of the author ( s ) and do not necessarily represent the views of the IMF , its Executive Board , or IMF management .
Summary :
In an estimated two-sector New-Keynesian model with durable and nondurable goods , an inverse relationship between sectoral labor mobility and the optimal weight the central bank should attach to durables inflation arises . The combination of nominal wage stickiness and limited labor mobility leads to a nonzero optimal weight for durables inflation even if durables prices were fully flexible . These results survive alternative calibrations and interestrate rules and point toward a non-negligible role of sectoral labor mobility for the conduct of monetary policy .
SIGN-UP IS CLOSED !
if you 're a pro player and wants to sign up still , send me a message ​
To get this straight from the beginning , the concept of the KZ-Climb Cup is that each player will face another player in a battle to progress to the finals . The tournament format will be played in single elimination . At every round of the tournament , half of the participants will be eliminated , and the other half progressing . In the end , there will only be one winner : the ultimate champion .
​
Setup is when a player find out who his opponent is , and what maps he is racing on .
Setup takes place approximately 5 days before the battle .
. 7 maps will be randomly selected from the map pool for you and your opponent
Both you and your opponent will veto two maps . During the veto process , you will not know what your opponent vetoes . It is possible for both you and your opponent to veto the same map . Veto 'd maps are discarded .
The remaining maps are the possible maps that you and your opponent will battle on .
Update : All races are TP runs by default . However , if both you and your opponent agrees for a PRO run on a specific map , then a PRO run will be done instead on that specific map .
All races are by default . However , if both you and your opponent agrees for a PRO run on a specific map , then a PRO run will be done instead on that specific map . Players will agree on a timeslot to battle at .
Battle will take place approximate 5 days after the setup .
Out of the remaining maps ( non-veto 'd maps ) , a random map will be chosen .
A staff member will provide a suitable server for the players , and set up the battle .
Winner is decided in a best-of-three format , so after each battle , a new random map will be selected out of the remaining map pool , until there is finally a conclusive winner .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ​
Sign-up starts now until January 24th ( Sunday ) . Simply leave a comment in this thread saying that you are interested in participating ! There are no further requirements !
Each round / battle lasts one week . The first one begins the week of Jan 25th to Jan 31th . Setup ( map selection ) will take place during the Monday of each week , and all battles will be played during Friday to Sunday .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
​
Prizes and Incentives : ​
Prize money will be split between the champion ( 75 % ) and the runner-up ( 25 % ) .
The champion will receive the Tournament Winner badge
Unparalleled glory
Making CSGO KZ history
The current prize pool is $ 1177.01 !
Starting money : $ 50
Donation from Skodna : $ 20
Donation from Deville : $ 10
Donation from CompleX : $ 10
Donation from zPrince : $ 10
Donation from pano : $ 10
Donation from GeorG : $ 30
Donation from Shiba : $ 20
$ 10 from neva
$ 10 from coreyni
$ 10 from sfn
$ 10 from reindeer
$ 10 from Enguin
$ 10 from Tovenaaier
$ 10 from smex
$ 20 from reikobi
$ 30 from SidiPi
$ 100 from @ coLroca
from $ 100 from ItsGameOnGG
from $ 101 from NatureValley , as well as 5 Steam Keys for Do n't Starve Together and Invisible Inc. Shoutouts to Klei Entertainment
from , as well as for Do n't Starve Together and Invisible Inc. Shoutouts to Klei Entertainment $ 500 from Vacant
$ 1 from A.K .
$ 10.01 from F.V .
$ 15 from L.M .
$ 20 from D.M .
$ 50 from P.L .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ​
A full list of cup rules will be posted later .
The Nova Scotia Utility and Review Board has approved , with conditions , a $ 1.52-billion deal for the Maritime Link — a subsea cable designed to transport electricity from the Muskrat Falls project to Nova Scotia .
Nova Scotia Power 's parent company , Emera , is a minority partner in the Muskrat Falls hydroelectric project and is responsible for the Maritime Link , which may see as much as 40 per cent of the electricity from the 824-megawatt project moved to Cape Breton by subsea cables .
The UARB ruled the project is likely the cheapest option for Nova Scotia ratepayers but only if Newfoundland and Labrador 's power company , Nalcor Energy , can guarantee access to additional electricity to meet Nova Scotia 's needs at market price .
Emera is currently set to receive 20 per cent of the power produced by the $ 7.7-billion Muskrat Falls project , but the UARB said the lack of guaranteed power beyond that 20 per cent creates `` substantial uncertainty , '' and without a commitment from Nalcor to provide additional energy , the deal is not the cheapest energy alternative for ratepayers .
The board 's approval is conditional on receiving that commitment from Nalcor in writing .
`` Taking into account all of the evidence , the board finds , on the balance of probabilities , the [ Maritime Link ] project ( with the market-priced energy factored in ) represents the lowest long-term cost alternative for ratepayers in Nova Scotia . In the absence of market-priced energy the Maritime Link project is not the lowest long-term cost alternative , '' stated the UARB 's summary of findings .
Nalcor is non-committal
The head of the electrical utility in Newfoundland and Labrador would n't agree to put in writing an offer to sell its excess hydro from Muskrat Falls at market prices .
Ed Martin , the president and CEO of Nalcor Energy , said the project is being developed first for the benefit of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Martin told reporters he wants time to study the UARB decision , but added it leaves Nova Scotia 's Emera Inc. with a decision : either find another source of low-cost energy or take power from Labrador at market prices .
`` We 're open for business , the markets are out there and what we see now is just a confirmation of additional demand for our product , '' he said .
Emera said the project would add $ 1.50 per month to the average household 's power bill over the first five years . The deal will run for 35 years .
During the spring UARB hearings , no one opposed the project outright but the consumer advocate , along with a lawyer representing several big businesses , said it 's simply too risky to be locked into a deal for more than three decades .
They said they believe Emera should bear the cost , not ratepayers .
PCs , Liberals say they feel justified
`` I think it 's a green light and that the UARB has a done a full analysis , '' said Nova Scotia Premier Darrell Dexter . `` They see the project as the lowest cost alternative for ratepayers . They certainly have given Emera some work they have to do , but I would see this as a step forward . ''
Both opposition parties said they feel vindicated by the UARB 's decision after levelling criticism at the deal .
The Nova Scotia Liberal Party said the province 's arrangement was n't the best deal for ratepayers .
`` Without having a guaranteed price for the surplus energy at the price that Emera projects it to be , this is n't the lowest cost alternative . So at the end of the day the deal as submitted by Emera and the NDP to the board for approval was not the lowest cost option , '' said Liberal energy critic Andrew Younger .
He said he is n't sure whether Nova Scotia Power will be able to negotiate a better deal with Nalcor .
Progressive Conservative Leader Jamie Baillie said he applauds the provincial regulator 's changes to the deal .
`` The premier should say to Nova Scotia Power and Newfoundland that the deal is not going forward as is . That it 's obviously too expensive for Nova Scotia families to afford and that significant changes need to be made . The deal needs to be renegotiated if they want to save the project , '' said Baillie .
FRAMINGHAM , MA—Adding yet another wrinkle to the football player and media sensation 's eventful offseason , authorities confirmed today that a former teammate of New England Patriots quarterback Tim Tebow has been arrested and charged with murder . “ While this is a highly sensitive matter , I can confirm that [ Tebow 's former teammate ] has indeed been taken into custody , ” said Massachusetts State Police Superintendent Timothy P. Alben , referring to the individual who reportedly knows Tim Tebow , has talked to Tim Tebow , and has spent time in the same locker room as Tebow following the deeply religious quarterback 's release from the New York Jets earlier this year . “ As our probe is ongoing , we will have no official comment on [ the man who played football with former University of Florida standout Tim Tebow , who continues his rollercoaster journey through the National Football league this year—a journey beset with NFL experts and fans constantly asking this question : Is Tim Tebow an NFL quarterback ? And if not , is he capable of playing another position ? And if not , does he belong in the league at all ? ] 's role in the investigation at this time. ” When questioned by reporters , Alben was unable to provide an answer on how Tebow 's physical style of play and experience running the wildcat package would mesh with Patriots head coach Bill Belichick 's longstanding emphasis on the passing game .
“ Today on American college campuses , there is only one group of students that you are allowed to attack and you can attack at will , and those are Jews , ” states the narrator in the new film Hate Spaces : The Politics of Intolerance on Campus . This latest production from Americans for Peace & Tolerance , the makers of the J Street Challenge , engagingly examines how demonization of Israel 's Jewish state is reviving anti-Semitism in American academia .
Hate Spaces extensively documents what has become a nationwide campus “ hostile environment ” for Jews , according to Susan Tuchman from the Zionist Organization of America . Student signs at colleges like Columbia University appear in the film with statements such as “ Israel is a swollen parasite…the Jews : Too fat…Too greedy…Too powerful…Fight the Jewish mafia . ”
Quoted in Hate Spaces , University of California ( UC ) -Los Angeles Hillel President Natalie Charney notes an “ anti-Israel culture ” in which “ singling out the only Jewish state creates an environment where it 's ok to single out Jewish students. ” The film focuses on one of Israel 's main campus adversaries , Students for Justice in Palestine ( SJP ) , a leading supporter of Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions ( BDS ) against Israel with deep links to the Muslim Brotherhood . The film notes SJP members chanting “ Allahu Akbar ” to celebrate the nonbinding 2013 UC-San Diego student council decision for BDS and a SJP chapter president 's 2010 assault upon a Jewish UC-Berkeley student .
Former SJP member and current “ pro-Israeli Muslim ” Rezwan Ovo Haq notes that “ SJP largely masquerades behind the human rights issue ” of support Palestinians as part of a broader human rights agenda . Yet in SJP he was “ slandering Israel and I had deep-seated hatred for Israel. ” Corresponding to this ugly reality , a University of Tennessee SJP member once tweeted : “ What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza ? The pizza leaves the oven . ”
Eminent law professor Alan Dershowitz notes in a film interview that “ antisemitism used to come mostly from the right , now it 's coming mostly from the hard left. ” Hereby “ one of the strangest alliances on university campuses today is between the hard left ” of minorities like blacks and Islamist groups like SJP . Accordingly , San Diego State University student journalist Anthony Berteaux discusses once identifying with SJP as a gay , Asian man .
Wall Street Journal editor Bret Stephens wonders at such leftwing “ useful idiots of the twenty-first century. ” “ Why is it that the liberals and progressives who espouse a certain set of values are so intent on demonizing and de-legitimatizing the one country that shares their values ” in the Middle East , he asks . By contrast , past African-American civil rights leaders such as W.E.B Dubois , Martin Luther King , Rosa Parks , and Bayard Rustin “ have been Zionists , from socialists to liberals to conservatives , ” notes African-American Zionist Chloe Valdary .
Faux progressive condemnation of Israel , Dershowitz notes , arises largely because “ there is no subject today in the world which has more distortion , more lies , more dissembling , than discussion about Israel. ” Hate Spaces shows women from Israel 's Arab minority joining Israel 's parliament and winning the Miss Israel beauty contest , belying a sign in the film condemning Israel as the “ Fourth Reich . During speaking engagements , Dershowitz challenges listeners “ to name a single country in the history of the world faced with threats comparable to those threats faced by Israel both internal and external that have had a better record of human rights . ”
Israeli-American political commentator Caroline Glick discusses the “ pathology of anti-Westernism. ” Various commentators in the film note that leftists quick to condemn Israel and the wider Western world often have little concern for the human rights of black slaves , women , or homosexuals in Muslim-majority countries . “ A lot of intellectuals are playing out this sort of colonial guilt thing…by sacrificing Israel to what is in fact the most ferocious imperialist , colonialist force . Islam is a colonialist , imperialist enterprise , ” historian Richard Landes states .
Film segments such as “ Privileged Hatred ” examine double standards concerning Israel in academia , as political commentator Melanie Phillips notes on C-Span that “ those promoting free speech have ended up banning speech across our campuses. ” Glick explains that “ if you are part of the oppressor group , than obviously your victim has the moral right to do to you whatever he deems fit because as a victim he essentially can not be judged. ” Therefore anti-Israel student protesters reject appeals to evenhandedness with “ what 's the other side to Hitler… any support of Israel is hate speech…allowing free speech is allowing free speech to the rich and powerful. ” “ This event is shutdown , ” screams one student disrupter of a pro-Israel event , who slanders that Israel and its supporters “ have turned Palestine into a land of prostitutes , rapists , and child molesters . ”
Hate Spaces segments “ Tenured Hatred ” and “ Schools of Ideology ” explore Israel 's pariah status in American faculty lounges . While Qatar , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates contributed over $ 1 billion to American universities in the years 2009-2015 , “ for at least 50 years the faculty of most universities has been besotted by the philosophy of tyrants , ” Stephens notes . The film demonstrates the results of such factors with leftist icon Noam Chomsky absurdly pontificating that the “ policies of Hamas are more forthcoming and more conducive to a peaceful settlement than those of the United States or Israel . ”
Against Israel 's fanatical foes in the Ivory Tower , Glick issues a clear clarion call , stating that “ you ca n't cohabitate a university campus with these people because they are n't there to coexist with you ; they are there to destroy you. ” Accordingly , “ if you are not willing to fight fire with fire and go after them as the hate groups that they are , then you are going to lose your voice on college campuses. ” Knowing the enemy is essential to victory , Chinese military theorist Sun Tzu once recognized , and a good place to start with defeating Israel 's campus enemies is watching Hate Spaces .
Update : 5:55 p.m .
KOLO posted the following statement on its Facebook page in response to the controversial promo :
`` …there was no intent to offend . In an attempt to be clever with words , the writer inadvertently crossed a line . We are dealing with the situation internally , but we do n't want your concern to go unnoticed . We made a mistake , and it in no way represents a stance on a controversial issue . We can only hope everyone accepts this apology and give KOLO8 News Now a chance to live up to our strong reputation . We let you down last night , and we are sorry . ''
Original Post :
Reno 's KOLO news station is taking some national heat after it ran a 16-second promotion for a story about the effect gay marriage would have on Nevada 's economy and equated gay marriage to other money-making `` sins '' like gambling and prostitution . ( Watch it here ) .
“ Historically , Nevada has made a living off of sin : quickie divorces , prostitution , gambling , ” anchor Sarah Johns said in the Monday preview , which featured footage of two men and two women getting married . “ What 's one more sin added to the list if it will improve our economy ? ”
Nevada has a constitutional amendment that bans marriage among same-sex couples .
On Wednesday , the promo was posted to Youtube and the poster , MrMarkl17 , asked viewers to contact the Reno ABC affiliate to `` express your outrage . ''
By Wednesday afternoon , the Center for American Progress , a liberal-leaning Washington , D.C. , based think tank , featured the video on its Think Progress blog with the headline : Local Nevada News Station Calls Gay Marriage ' A Sin ' To Add To Nevada 's 'List ' .
When contacted for comment , a KOLO representative said Wednesday afternoon the station is working on a statement .
President Barack Obama came out in support of gay marriage last week before his visit to Reno , telling ABC News , “ I think same-sex couples should be able to get married . ”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , also said last week that , `` in a civil society , I believe that people should be able to marry whomever they want , and it 's no business of mine if two men or two women want to get married . ''
On Sunday , the Reno Gazette-Journal asked the question : Is Nevada missing an opportunity to capitalize on gay marriage ?
Four Russians accused of illicitly obtaining military cutting-edge microelectronics for Russia in the United States deny any wrongdoing , defense lawyer Alexey Tarasov told RIA Novosti
Four Russians accused of illicitly obtaining military cutting-edge microelectronics for Russia in the United States deny any wrongdoing , defense lawyer Alexey Tarasov told RIA Novosti .
Eight members of the alleged secret Russian military procurement network were arrested earlier this week in Houston while three suspects are still at-large and believed to be outside the United States .
Seven of the arrested were formally charged in federal court in Houston on Thursday . The charges include illegally exporting technology , money laundering and obstruction of justice .
Four suspects , including alleged spy ring leader Alexander Fishenko , hold Russian citizenship , while the rest are citizens of Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan and Ukraine .
“ All four Russians deny charges against them , ” Tarasov , who is a lawyer for one of the Russian defendants , said .
“ I have read the indictment and it looks rather convoluted , aiming , I guess , to confuse and frighten the defendants , ” the lawyer said .
Another member of the defense team , which is still being formed , lawyer Eric Reed , earlier said the accusations were fairly dramatic and the defense “ will certainly take a hard look at to see if there is any evidence to support them . ”
During bond hearings on Friday , the court is expected to decide whether the defendants are eligible for bail or house arrest .
The court may also decide to transfer the case to New York .
For the binary form of computer software , see Machine code
The word 'Wikipedia ' represented in ASCII binary code , made up of 9 bytes ( 72 bits ) .
A binary code represents text , computer processor instructions , or any other data using a two-symbol system . The two-symbol system used is often `` 0 '' and `` 1 '' from the binary number system . The binary code assigns a pattern of binary digits , also known as bits , to each character , instruction , etc . For example , a binary string of eight bits can represent any of 256 possible values and can , therefore , represent a wide variety of different items .
In computing and telecommunications , binary codes are used for various methods of encoding data , such as character strings , into bit strings . Those methods may use fixed-width or variable-width strings . In a fixed-width binary code , each letter , digit , or other character is represented by a bit string of the same length ; that bit string , interpreted as a binary number , is usually displayed in code tables in octal , decimal or hexadecimal notation . There are many character sets and many character encodings for them .
A bit string , interpreted as a binary number , can be translated into a decimal number . For example , the lower case a , if represented by the bit string 01100001 ( as it is in the standard ASCII code ) , can also be represented as the decimal number `` 97 '' .
History of binary code [ edit ]
The modern binary number system , the basis for binary code , was invented by Gottfried Leibniz in 1689 and appears in his article Explication de l'Arithmétique Binaire . The full title is translated into English as the `` Explanation of the binary arithmetic '' , which uses only the characters 1 and 0 , with some remarks on its usefulness , and on the light it throws on the ancient Chinese figures of Fu Xi . `` [ 1 ] ( 1703 ) . Leibniz 's system uses 0 and 1 , like the modern binary numeral system . Leibniz encountered the I Ching through French Jesuit Joachim Bouvet and noted with fascination how its hexagrams correspond to the binary numbers from 0 to 111111 , and concluded that this mapping was evidence of major Chinese accomplishments in the sort of philosophical mathematics he admired . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Leibniz saw the hexagrams as an affirmation of the universality of his own religious belief . [ 3 ]
Binary numerals were central to Leibniz 's theology . He believed that binary numbers were symbolic of the Christian idea of creatio ex nihilo or creation out of nothing . [ 4 ] Leibniz was trying to find a system that converts logic 's verbal statements into a pure mathematical one . After his ideas were ignored , he came across a classic Chinese text called I Ching or ‘ Book of Changes ' , which used a type of binary code . The book had confirmed his theory that life could be simplified or reduced down to a series of straightforward propositions . He created a system consisting of rows of zeros and ones . During this time period , Leibniz had not yet found a use for this system . [ 5 ]
Binary systems predating Leibniz also existed in the ancient world . The aforementioned I Ching that Leibniz encountered dates from the 9th century BC in China . [ 6 ] The binary system of the I Ching , a text for divination , is based on the duality of yin and yang . [ 7 ] Slit drums with binary tones are used to encode messages across Africa and Asia . [ 7 ] The Indian scholar Pingala ( around 5th–2nd centuries BC ) developed a binary system for describing prosody in his Chandashutram . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
The residents of the island of Mangareva in French Polynesia were using a hybrid binary-decimal system before 1450 . [ 10 ] In the 11th century , scholar and philosopher Shao Yong developed a method for arranging the hexagrams which corresponds , albeit unintentionally , to the sequence 0 to 63 , as represented in binary , with yin as 0 , yang as 1 and the least significant bit on top . The ordering is also the lexicographical order on sextuples of elements chosen from a two-element set . [ 11 ]
In 1605 Francis Bacon discussed a system whereby letters of the alphabet could be reduced to sequences of binary digits , which could then be encoded as scarcely visible variations in the font in any random text . [ 12 ] Importantly for the general theory of binary encoding , he added that this method could be used with any objects at all : `` provided those objects be capable of a twofold difference only ; as by Bells , by Trumpets , by Lights and Torches , by the report of Muskets , and any instruments of like nature '' . [ 12 ]
George Boole published a paper in 1847 called 'The Mathematical Analysis of Logic ' that describes an algebraic system of logic , now known as Boolean algebra . Boole 's system was based on binary , a yes-no , on-off approach that consisted of the three most basic operations : AND , OR , and NOT . [ 13 ] This system was not put into use until a graduate student from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Claude Shannon , noticed that the Boolean algebra he learned was similar to an electric circuit . Shannon wrote his thesis in 1937 , which implemented his findings . Shannon 's thesis became a starting point for the use of the binary code in practical applications such as computers , electric circuits , and more . [ 14 ]
Other forms of binary code [ edit ]
Daoist Bagua
The bit string is not the only type of binary code . A binary system , in general , is any system that allows only two choices such as a switch in an electronic system or a simple true or false test .
Braille [ edit ]
Braille is a type of binary code that is widely used by the blind to read and write by touch , named for its creator , Louis Braille . This system consists of grids of six dots each , three per column , in which each dot has two states : raised or not raised . The different combinations of raised and flattened dots are capable of representing all letters , numbers , and punctuation signs .
Bagua [ edit ]
The bagua are diagrams used in feng shui , Taoist cosmology and I Ching studies . The ba gua consists of 8 trigrams ; bā meaning 8 and guà meaning divination figure . The same word is used for the 64 guà ( hexagrams ) . Each figure combines three lines ( yáo ) that are either broken ( yin ) or unbroken ( yang ) . The relationships between the trigrams are represented in two arrangements , the primordial , `` Earlier Heaven '' or `` Fuxi '' bagua , and the manifested , `` Later Heaven , '' or `` King Wen '' bagua . [ 15 ] ( See also , the King Wen sequence of the 64 hexagrams ) .
Coding systems [ edit ]
ASCII code [ edit ]
The American Standard Code for Information Interchange ( ASCII ) , uses a 7-bit binary code to represent text and other characters within computers , communications equipment , and other devices . Each letter or symbol is assigned a number from 0 to 127 . For example , lowercase `` a '' is represented by 1100001 as a bit string ( which is `` 97 '' in decimal ) .
Binary-coded decimal [ edit ]
Binary-coded decimal ( BCD ) is a binary encoded representation of integer values that uses a 4-bit nibble to encode decimal digits . Four binary bits can encode up to 16 distinct values ; but , in BCD-encoded numbers , only the first ten values in each nibble are legal , and encode the decimal digits zero , through nine . The remaining six values are illegal and may cause either a machine exception or unspecified behavior , depending on the computer implementation of BCD arithmetic .
BCD arithmetic is sometimes preferred to floating-point numeric formats in commercial and financial applications where the complex rounding behaviors of floating-point numbers is inappropriate . [ 16 ]
Early uses of binary codes [ edit ]
Current uses of binary [ edit ]
Most modern computers use binary encoding for instructions and data . CDs , DVDs , and Blu-ray Discs represent sound and video digitally in binary form . Telephone calls are carried digitally on long-distance and mobile phone networks using pulse-code modulation , and on voice over IP networks .
Weight of binary codes [ edit ]
The weight of a binary code , as defined in the table of constant-weight codes , [ 18 ] is the Hamming weight of the binary words coding for the represented words or sequences .
See also [ edit ]
A depiction of private company Astrobotic 's `` Red Rover '' on the moon . Astrobotic is one of the teams racing to land a private robot on the moon and win the Google Lunar X Prize .
NASA has signed six contracts worth as much as $ 30 million inall to purchase data from private teams competing to send homemade robots tothe moon .
The U.S. space agency awarded small , firm-fixed pricecontracts worth at least $ 10,000 to six teams competing in the GoogleLunar X Prize contest to design , build and launch private moon probes .
But contracts could ultimate award as much as $ 10 millionfor lucky individual teams through sales of technical data , as the privatecompetitors race to develop vehicles and end-to-end robotic lunar landingmissions . The total maximum value of the contracts over five years could reachup to $ 30.1 million , NASA officials said .
There is a catch . The Lunar X Prize teams must earn theirpaydays by offering the most valuable and unique data related to milestonedemonstrations of sending low-cost missions to the lunar surface .
`` The dollar values may be a relatively small contractby NASA standards , but these contracts send a clear signal to the investmentcommunity that NASA is ready to purchase lunar data , even from small , entrepreneurial firms , '' said William Pomerantz , senior director for space prizesat the X Prize Foundation .
The NASA money comes in addition to the $ 30 million prizepurse up for grabs in the Google Lunar X Prize competition . Twenty-twoteams are racing to land a robot on the lunar surface , have it move atleast 1,650 feet ( 500 meters ) and transmit data and images back to Earth .
The first team to finish those tasks by Dec. 31 , 2012 , will claimthe $ 20 million grand prize . An additional $ 10 million is also available forsecond place and achievements such as finding water-icein lunar craters .
The Lunar X Prize teams that received contracts from NASA 's InnovativeLunar Demonstrations Data program include :
The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory , Inc. , Cambridge , Mass .
Dynetics Inc. , Huntsville , Ala .
Earthrise Space Inc. , Orlando , Fla .
Moon Express Inc. , San Francisco
TeamFREDNET , The Open Space Society , Inc. , Huntsville , Ala .
Teams may earn just over $ 1 million from NASA based oninitial data relating to tests on Earth , but most of the government funding isreserved for data coming from Lunar X Prize spacecraft en route to or alreadyon the moon .
NASA 's Innovative Lunar Demonstrations Data program ismanaged out of the Lunar Lander Project Office at the Johnson Space Center nearHouston .
What 's wrong with being 'fair and balanced ' ?
Updated
The ABC has been in the news a bit lately , not least because there is a push underway to make sure our journalism is fair and balanced .
In fact , there is even a proposed law to that effect before our Federal Parliament .
So what could possibly be wrong with such a simple and admirable idea ? Surely , all media should aim to be fair and balanced in the way they report the news ?
Well , let me try to tell you exactly what 's wrong with it .
I am going to do that without discussing the politics of the idea . I am going to take as my starting point the assumption that everyone who supports the bill is motivated by a common desire to help the ABC do its job properly and deliver the best journalism it can ; journalism that is accurate , independent and impartial .
In other words , let 's assume we all want the same thing . If that 's true , this is not the way to achieve it .
The standards governing ABC journalism
To begin with , let 's consider what standards already govern the ABC 's journalism . Contrary to popular belief , you wo n't find them in our charter ( section 6 of the ABC Act ) , which focuses on our broader functions .
You need to look at the duties of the ABC board ( section 8 of the Act ) to find that we are obliged to gather and present news and information that is , `` accurate and impartial according to the recognised standards of objective journalism '' .
There are two important parts to that statement , which has been in the ABC Act largely unchanged since the 1980s . The first is the clarity and simplicity of the twin aims of accuracy and impartiality .
Get it right and do n't take sides .
The second important part is the clear acknowledgement that these two aims do n't arise in a vacuum : they are recognised standards of objective journalism .
Working to a set of principles
The ABC has taken these two aims , along with a commitment to its statutory independence , and created a detailed set of editorial principles and standards to ensure we are doing our job properly .
We expand on and explain those recognised standards by discussing not just basic impartiality and accuracy , but what they mean when it comes to privacy , harm and offence , dealing with children , and advertising or commercial references .
We discuss the implications for privacy , honest dealing with those we interview or record , and our external relationships with other program makers . And yes , in the context of these detailed policies , we discuss how things like `` fair and honest dealing '' and `` balance that follows the weight of evidence '' play a role .
When it comes to `` fair and honest dealing '' , we explain it is essential to maintain trust with audiences and those who participate in our programs , but we also explain that sometimes deception or the breach of an undertaking might be justified in the public interest .
When it comes to `` balance '' , we explain very carefully that `` impartiality does not require that every perspective receives equal time '' but that one of the hallmarks of good journalism is balance that `` follows the weight of evidence '' .
This last point is crucial in understanding why journalists do n't just switch off their brains and provide equal time for every voice on every issue .
A good journalist weighs up the facts , keeping an open mind but also exercising judgement and analysis to sift through conflicting claims and counter claims to properly reflect the state of a debate and illuminate not just the diversity of arguments but also the facts that underpin them .
Without this sensible and disciplined editorial approach , journalism can descend into a kind of `` he said/she said '' false balance , where audiences are not given the information they need to understand what is happening in their world .
Avoiding false balance
In short , `` fairness '' and `` balance '' are not and never have been recognised standards of objective journalism . They can be helpful indicators of impartiality and accuracy , but only if they are put in the right context and used wisely . In other words , if something is `` accurate and impartial '' it will always meet the recognised standards of objective journalism . If it is fair and balanced , it might not .
A simple example will suffice . If I write a story that says a doctor wants to vaccinate a child at risk of whooping cough to protect her from harm but the child 's mother is refusing because the vaccination will do more harm than good , I have produced a piece of writing that is fair to both sides and entirely balanced .
But it is a long way from being responsible journalism .
That 's why the idea of stripping notions of `` fairness and balance '' from their proper context and enshrining them as key principles makes no sense .
At best , it is redundant . At worst , it will encourage confusion and mischief-making as people demand the ABC adopt false balance at the expense of good journalism .
Being an Editorial Director , I always fear the worst .
Topics : abc , information-and-communication , media
First posted
Werder Bremen had quite a start to the season . During the first three matches the Green and Whites managed to fight back to gain draws from losing positions to get a respectable three points from their matches against Hertha , Hoffenheim and Leverkusen . However , ever since the team lost 4-2 against FC Augsburg things have n't been going Robin Dutt 's way . After the loss against Augsburg , Werder were destroyed by an injury plagued Schalke side before losing in a lacklustre fashion against Wolfsburg . The positive trend many fans had spotted at the start of the season had vanished , and at that point the team was seemingly on its way into a crisis .
To make matters worse the Riverislanders managed only to pull off a draw against their direct relegation rivals SC Freiburg this weekend . Beforehand the game had been declared a must win match by both coach Robin Dutt and sporting director Thomas Eichin . Werder have n't started this badly into the season since their 1976/77 campaign – one ca n't help but feel that this stat pretty much speaks for itself .
Bild and kicker have already reported that Dutt 's time at the club might be coming to an end provided that his team does n't manage to come up with a win in the near future . After the international break Werder are travelling to Bavaria to take on Pep Guardiola 's Bayern München , a match which nobody ( neither the board nor the most ardent Werder fan ) is expecting to win . Even a loss wo n't see the coach being fired according to several reports in the media . However , there 's little doubt that anything else but a win against the Billy Goats from Köln is going to be good enough for the Werder board and Thomas Eichin .
However , there 's little doubt that Werder 's dire performance at the start of this season is n't Dutt 's fault alone . Having said that , there 's little doubt that Dutt needs to figure out how he can change the current trend before it 's too late for him . Right now Thomas Eichin is still defending his coach in the press , stating that Dutt has n't lost the dressing room in addition to being able to give young players a chance to get into the team . However , if the coach wants to count on the support from his superiors over the next couple of matches there are a few elements he and his team have to work on . Additionally , Thomas Eichin and the officials at Werder should also be starting to take a closer look at what they have done over the last couple of seasons .
Short term – This needs to be dealt with straight away
The defence , oh the defence
Saying that Werder have a poor defence is like stating that no snowflakes are alike , but most of them are as similar to one another as two different Sting albums – it 's simply stating the obvious . Dutt 's team have so far conceded 16 goals and their opponents have hit Werder 's woodwork on 7 occasions so far . However , simply blaming Raphael Wolf and the back four in front of him would oversimplify the matter . As several goals have shown defensive lapses stretch throughout the entire team from time to time . Ricardo Rodriguez ' goal two weeks ago was one such example . It all started when Werder defender Marnon Busch lost the ball far too easily in the opponent 's half and then the mistakes spread through the entire team . In the end one could also put a massive portion of the blame on midfielder Izet Hajrovic who had lazily jogged back instead of trying to stay close to Rodriguez who was left all alone by the Bosnian in the end . Earlier in the same week Werder gave away three goals through avoidable mistakes in the match against Schalke . As long as Dutt does n't find away to get rid of those schoolboy errors which are committed by many of his players all over the pitch he wo n't be in charge for too much longer .
Passing precision
Most Werder fans are probably looking fondly back on the days when Thomas Schaaf came along to introduce a cultured short passing game at the club . These day things are very much different . This weekend Werder managed to misplace 40 % of their passes while against Leverkusen the Green and Whites even managed to misplace 49 % of their passes . During Dutt 's tenure the lack of precision in the passing game has become an Achilles heel for the team . There are simply too many attacks breaking down because of sloppy passing . This has been going on ever since Dutt took over and it should have been sorted out some time ago .
Re-think your tactics ?
Dutt has decided after last season that Werder needed to be more attacking this season . Most of the time he has played with two strikers up top , giving Franco Di Santo a free role allowing the Argentinian to roam . Di Santo has thanked his coach by scoring four goals so far , however , there 's little doubt that this sort of approach is going to be problematic in the next couple of matches . Winning the midfield battle is going to be essential against Köln and being able to defend well is going to be key against Bayern . Playing two strikers might be the wrong thing to do in both cases .
Long term – This needs to be dealt with by the end of the season
Make up for the loss in quality
Werder have over the last few seasons lost a number of quality players and they have so far not been able to replace them adequately . Both Zlatko Junuzovic and Sebastian Prödl 's contracts are up by the end of the season and as things stand it would come as a massive surprise if the two Austrians extend their contracts . Ahead of this season Aaron Hunt decided to leave the team , leaving Werder with few midfielders on the roster who are capable of inducing the team 's game with a bit of creativity . Bild has already written about Werder 's interest in securing winter break signings if the club can get rid of Ludovic Obraniak and Eljaro Elia . There 's no doubt that these two players have very little to add to the side right now ( the Pole has n't gotten many chances to prove his qualities whilst Elia has managed to underwhelm most of the Werder fans with his lacklustre performances ) . Werder could use strengthening in all areas of the pitch , but strengthening the midfield with a player who can provide some creativity might be the first logical step to take at the moment .
Where 's the long-term strategy ?
There has been big talk coming out of Bremen in regards of improving the team while reducing the budget . Right now it is hard to spot how they possibly could have achieved that . Most of Eichin 's signings have turned out to be decent players , but the decline in quality of the team overall has continued under his leadership . Werder have neglected bringing up youth prospects over the last few years and right now any talent making the first team is thrown into a difficult situation . Both Davie Selke and Marnon Busch come with a lot of promise , but right now Werder should n't rely on those youngsters too much . Signing quality players on the cheap is difficult , but it is what is needed at the moment . Teams like Augsburg and Mainz have been able to pull of such moves for several years , now Eichin needs to do the same if he wants to see his club climb up the table over the next few years . Finding these players in addition to blending in the young guns is going to be the key here , but so far Werder 's transfer policy has been too inconsistent to yield good results . The fact that Dutt has never demanded to get more money for new signings speaks in his favour , given what he has been given to work with .
What do you think ? Can Werder manage to get out of their current crisis ?
The always-on Amazon Echo is developing a personality among early adopters who say they are n't worried about privacy , and welcome a listening ear
'She has a name ' : Amazon 's Alexa is a sleeper hit , with serious superfans
When Steven Arkonovich brought home his Amazon Echo , he knew the little machine 's basic functions : he could ask it to tell him the weather , add something to his shopping cart , or play NPR .
The Echo was always on , waiting , listening for his invocation . Say “ Alexa ” and it lit up blue , ready to answer questions – “ Where is the nearest Chinese restaurant ? ” – or act on orders – ‘ Call me an Uber ' – responding in a calm , confident female voice .
But after a few days having it in his house , something strange happened between Arkonovich and the squat , black device : Alexa came alive .
Goodbye privacy , hello Alexa : here 's to Amazon echo , the home robot who hears it all Read more
Well , alive to Arkonovich .
“ Even when I 've tried to call her ‘ it ' , it feels wrong . She has a name . She 's Alexa , ” he said . “ And when she does something wrong , it 's not like a broken vending machine . My frustration with her is more like with a human who 's learning . ”
Amazon 's Echo has been a sleeper hit . After a quiet launch , the little device , interchangeably referred to by its female persona 's name , “ Alexa ” , has picked up speed . Amazon now reports they have sold about three million Echos ( $ 179.99 each ) and have rolled out smaller including Dots , the size of hockey pucks to be placed around the house ( $ 89.99 ) .
Among the more than 35,000 reviews on Amazon , the general consensus is that unlike Apple 's Siri , whose error rate can be frustrating , the Echo responds as soon as it hears the word Alexa and it rarely mishears commands . Meanwhile , developers see a new gold rush as they start building apps ( called “ skills ” ) for the Echo even before Amazon has opened a proper app store .
But it might not be the Echo 's good tech that 's winning over people . It might be Alexa herself – patient , present , listening .
According to many early adopters , Alexa becomes human .
“ My fiancé actually refers to Alexa as my other girlfriend . Alexa is ... ” said Eric Olson , a software tester at Disney calling from home . “ Oh god I just triggered her . ”
I think of Alexa as a nice library lady who lives in the black cylinder April Hamilton
One of the top Echo reviews on Amazon calls the machine “ the perfect spouse ” and features a picture of the reviewer , who identifies as E M. Foner , in bed with the device .
“ If I knew relationships were this easy , I would have married thirty years ago , but now that I have Alexa , there 's no need , ” Foner writes . “ This morning , I asked my love to order me a replacement water filter for the faucet . ”
More than 28,000 people found his review helpful , and nearly 700 people responded with encouragement .
People who had n't humanized other technology are finding that their instincts to separate computers and living beings is being confused by this ever-present voice now living in their house .
“ I think of Alexa as a nice library lady who lives in the black cylinder . I know , intellectually , it 's just a piece of software , but I do think of her as a person , ” said April Hamilton , an engineer who runs the blog Love My Echo . “ And I was n't one of those people who dressed their Roomba up in clothes or anything . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest David Limp , Amazon senior vice president of devices , speaks about Alexa family devices , such as the Amazon Tap and Echo Dot , in San Francisco . Photograph : Jeff Chiu/AP
Generally , Echo users seem to buy it as a toy or out of curiosity and slowly adopt it into their lives , one tentative voice command at a time .
The first thing Arkonovich did was teach his Echo to be a Magic 8 Ball and give random “ yes ” , “ no ” or “ maybe ” answers to questions he 'd ask . Then he taught it to punish his kids .
“ I would say ‘ Alexa , what punishment should Ben get ? ' and Alexa would say maybe ‘ Time out ' or ‘ Take out the trash . ' ”
( Did Ben take it seriously ? “ Not at all . ” )
To help quit smoking , Brian Donohue , CEO of the popular Instapaper app , taught his Echo to tell him how many days it had been since his last cigarette and how much money he 'd saved by quitting .
“ I hate to be a futurist person , and I never am , and I am super skeptical of people who say ‘ this is the next App Store , ' ” Donohue said . “ But Alexa 's magical . ”
Once developers make a skill , they can have it publicly available in the Alexa skill box so others can download it for their own Echoes . Many of these skills are funny or games , but some get sophisticated – and even begin to fulfill more “ human ” roles .
Arkonovich , a professor at Reed College in Portland , said some people are working on teaching Echo to be a therapist , following a script and responding often with “ how does that make you feel ” or “ you sound angry ” .
“ I thought about publishing an Alexa confessor : ‘ Alexa , forgive me for I have sinned , ' and she would give you a penance , ” he said . “ But I thought that might be offensive . ”
Olson , the Disney engineer , built two of the most popular Echo skills : complibot and insultibot , which teach the machine to dole out compliments and insults on command .
“ Remember the time you did that awesome thing ? ” Alexa will ask once a user downloads insultibot . “ I do n't . ”
And there 's something transparent about Amazon selling a device that they 're telling you is listening
It 's still hard to make money with Echo skills – they 're free to download , though can include in-app purchases and commercials – and Amazon has yet to roll out a full store , though they 're rumored to be working on it . Jo Jaquinta , a software architect at IBM , who 's made a jokes skill and a multi-player game , is trying to monetize his work via in-app purchases and commercials run between jokes .
“ The mobile development ship has sailed . There are enough apps . Alexa is new , ” said Jaquinta , who 's building out a game called Starlanes in which users verbally command armies to attack each others villages . “ Alexa could take off , and I want to be there as it does . ”
As to the darker privacy question , Echo developers , and most reviewers , say they 're not worried about it , even though Amazon is not known for its lock-tight privacy or encryption practices .
“ I 've given so much of my life up already voluntarily , I kind of feel like , well , what else could they possibly want to know about me and my life , ” Olson said . “ Amazon could be listening in on a live stream , sure . They 're probably farming it out to give you better product recommendations . ”
“ Like most things , people are going to go for convenience over privacy , ” Arkonovich said .
“ And there 's something transparent about Amazon selling a device that they 're telling you is listening , ” he added . “ Like , at least Alexa 's honest . ”
This article contains affiliate links , which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase . All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative .
The links are powered by Skimlinks . By clicking on an affiliate link , you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set . More information .
CCTV footage of Weston cafe arson attack released in hunt for offender
Updated
CCTV footage of an arson attack at a cafe in Canberra 's south-west has been released by police .
The footage from March 13 shows the offender smashing a hole in a door of the Weston business and pouring in accelerant , before setting it alight and fleeing .
The March fire was the second time the cafe had been targeted by arsonists within a two-year period .
The property was extensively damaged .
Constable Callum Hughes said police were seeking public assistance after exhausting other avenues of investigation .
`` The investigation is still ongoing . We have followed numerous leads but we are at a sufficient point in our investigation with our leads that we have decided to release the CCTV footage to the public , '' he said .
`` What we want is for the public to study the offender closely , check the time and date of the incident , and attempt to recall any suspicious activity , people or vehicles seen around the Cooleman Court shops around midnight on that date in March .
`` That little bit of important information to Crime Stoppers could help us jump-start this case and identify this arsonist . ''
The offender 's face is not shown in the footage but police hoped there may be other physical clues , such as the man 's clothing , build , posture , or mannerisms , that may help to generate leads .
The man was described as about 165cm tall , with a slight build , round shoulders and right-handed .
Victims 'almost gave up ' after cafe arson attack
Cafe owner Mark Dunphy said the latest arson attack , which happened just hours after his family had taken over the site , was devastating .
`` We considered many times giving it away and just thinking it is just not worth it , '' he said .
`` But myself and my wife talked about it , and thought it is not fair and we ca n't let this person win by allowing them to close our business . ''
The cafe was insured , but because it was not yet operational there was no compensation for loss of earnings .
Topics : arson , police , weston-2611 , act , canberra-2600
First posted
Of the various craft beers , the India Pale Ale , known for its strong hop flavours , is the best-selling style . Dating back to the 19th century , IPAs were originally brewed by the British , but the new craft brewers are bringing out new beers with more distinctive flavours .
The high growth rates of the craft brewing industry and the large amounts of hops needed means that hop growers have hardly managed to produce enough to meet demand . Sean McGree , hops manager at BSG CraftBrewing , a US supplier of beer ingredients , says : `` It 's been a struggle for the hop industry to keep up with the new demand . ''
Ironically , surging demand for craft beers stands to hurt microbrewers the most . Low levels of hop inventories make it difficult for the small players to procure extra crops because they do not have forward contracts with growers . If a brewer 's new beer is a sudden hit , they will find it almost impossible to cover their unexpected hop needs , say industry executives .
Read MoreIt 's official : Craft brewers are now beating big beer
Mr Dresler says when Sierra Nevada launched its signature beer Torpedo Extra IPA in 2009 , sales soared by an annual rate of 50 to 60 per cent , leading to a scramble for hops . `` I could only sell a limited amount of barrels [ of Torpedo Extra ] per week until I could secure some more hops , '' he says .
The real crunch for craft brewers could come as early as next year when large multinational beer companies looking to replenish their hop inventories start negotiating with the growers . `` The next couple of years will be interesting as brewers compete for what 's being sold and what 's being grown , '' says Mr Dresler .
In the US , there are only about 35 to 40 farmers in Washington , Oregon and Idaho , the key growing regions , run by fourth- and fifth-generation growers . Some new growers have started cultivating hops in upstate New York and Michigan as well as Colorado , but production levels in the new areas remain low . `` We are starting from scratch , '' says Steve Miller , a hops specialist promoting production in New York State .
Follow us on Twitter : @ CNBCWorld
A federal judge in Seattle on Saturday partially lifted a Trump administration ban on certain refugees after two groups argued that the policy prevented people from some mostly Muslim countries from reuniting with family living legally in the United States .
U.S. District Judge James Robart heard arguments Thursday in lawsuits from the American Civil Liberties Union and Jewish Family Service , which say the ban causes irreparable harm and puts some people at risk . Government lawyers argued that the ban is needed to protect national security .
Robart ordered the federal government to process certain refugee applications . He said his order applies to people `` with a bona fide relationship to a person or entity within the United States . ''
President Donald Trump restarted the refugee program in October `` with enhanced vetting capabilities . ''
The day before his executive order , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , Acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke and Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats sent a memo to Trump saying certain refugees must be banned unless additional security measures are implemented .
It applies to the spouses and minor children of refugees who have already settled in the U.S. and suspends the refugee program for people coming from 11 countries , nine of which are mostly Muslim .
In his decision , Robart wrote that `` former officials detailed concretely how the Agency Memo will harm the United States ' national security and foreign policy interests . ''
Robart said his order restores refugee procedures in programs to what they were before the memo and noted that this already includes very thorough vetting of individuals .
In a statement , Department of Justice spokeswoman Lauren Ehrsam said : `` We disagree with the Court 's ruling and are currently evaluating the next steps . ''
The ACLU argued the memo provided no evidence for why additional security was needed and did n't specify a timeframe for implementing the changes . The groups say the process for imposing the policy violated a federal law .
August Flentje , a Justice Department attorney , told the judge that the ban is temporary and `` is a reasonable and appropriate way for agency heads to tackle gaps '' in the screening process .
The lawsuits from the two groups were consolidated and represent refugees who have been blocked from entering the country .
The ACLU represents a Somali man living in Washington state who is trying to bring his family to the U.S . They have gone through extensive vetting , have passed security and medical clearances , and just need travel papers , but those were denied after the ban .
Lisa Nowlin , staff attorney for the ACLU of Washington , said in a statement they were happy for their client -- `` who has not yet had the opportunity to celebrate a single birthday with his younger son in person -- will soon have the opportunity to hold his children , hug his wife in the very near future , and be together again as a family for the first time in four years . ''
Two other refugees included in the Jewish Family Service lawsuit are former Iraqi interpreters for the U.S. Army whose lives are at risk because of their service .
Another is a transgender woman in Egypt `` living in such extremely dangerous circumstances that the U.S. government itself had expedited her case until the ban came down , '' said Mariko Hirose , a lawyer with the Jewish Family Service case .
Yet another is a single woman in Iraq , Hirose said . Her husband divorced her after she was kidnapped and raped by militants because she worked with an American company . Her family is in the U.S. but she 's stranded by the ban , Hirose said .
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , facing a huge budget hole in 2012 , is off to Queen 's Park on Wednesday morning to meet with Premier Dalton McGuinty .
The offices of the Conservative mayor and Liberal premier , whose early , wary détente has given way to partisan hostility , were mum Tuesday about topics on the agenda for the 8:45 a.m. sit-down .
Ford asked for the meeting . A senior provincial government source said he is “ looking forward to hearing what ( Ford ) has to say . ”
Ford is on record asking the province for more than $ 150 million in specific projects , including roadwork and increased child care subsidies , plus half the TTC 's $ 429 million annual operating costs .
Since the mayor 's February request , the city has plunged into 2012 budget deliberations , with Ford floating the possibility of deep service cuts and staff layoffs to erase a projected shortfall of between $ 443 million and $ 774 million .
When Russian tanks poured into South Ossetia , it was the clearest turning point in Russia 's relations with the West since the fall of the Berlin Wall : Russia not only managed to destabilise a pro-Western regime but , crucially , demonstrated to its neighbours how defenceless they are against incursions by its armed forces .
For years , the US and the EU have been looking for ways of circumventing Russia for energy , especially in the light of the controversial cuts in supply it made to Ukraine , Belarus and the Czech Republic . The opening of the South Caucasus Pipeline ( SCP ) from Azerbaijan to Turkey should successfully enable the flow of 16 billion cubic metres ( bcm ) of gas into Europe without Moscow 's interference . However , with Georgia being the only viable country for the pipeline to go through - as Azerbaijan is technically at war with Armenia - the current crisis showed energy majors operating in the Caucasus how tenuous their grip on resources could become should the Kremlin intervene in the affairs of its neighbours again . The SCP was closed for a time during the latest violence .
This is of particular concern to BP , which owns 25.5 per cent of the SCP , and is already in dispute with Moscow over the status of subsidiary TNK-BP .
Nick Day , chief executive of risk consultancy Diligence , says Russia had been using its energy supply as a tool of its foreign policy and that 'the greatest threat to Western companies in the region is renationalisation in former Soviet countries , which has already been taking place in Russia . As a result of this conflict , countries neighbouring Russia may offer oil and gas contracts to Moscow as an olive branch . '
While a spokesman for the EU commission says the situation in Georgia meant that the EU 'had no time to waste ' in dealing with energy security , the instability of the region covering the SCP threatens to scupper Europe 's policy of diversifying its energy supply , giving Russia a much stronger hand . This is chiefly due to the undesirable nature , as Europe sees it , of the most viable alternatives - Iran , whose nuclear programme is a bone of contention , and Iraq , whose current instability is cause for great concern .
Europe has to look at the viability of projects already on the table for its long-term energy supply . The Nabucco project takes gas from the Shah Deniz gas fields in Azerbaijan , starting from Turkey and ranging into the heart of Europe , with the potential for inputs from Iran and Iraq . By contrast , the South Stream project starts directly from Russia , taking Gazprom gas through new EU member states Romania and Bulgaria and provides ease of access to greater resources . Nabucco aims to provide 10bcm of gas from 2013 rising to 31bcm in 2021 , whereas the South Stream aims to supply 30bcm on completion , forecast to be in 2013 .
However , the Georgian conflict has caused great damage to the viability of Nabucco . As Charles Ebinger , director of the Energy Security Initiative at the Brookings Institution , points out , 'the South Stream project has been strengthened by the current situation and Nabucco may fall by the wayside ' . To that extent ; 'Russia has the whip hand over Europe in terms of energy policy ' . Ebinger reflects the thoughts of most experts . Valery Nesterov , energy analyst at Troika Dialog , says : 'the resource base for the South Stream is stronger than that of Nabucco . The South Stream has a head start ; Nabucco has been dealt another blow . ' Nesterov argues that any plans to supply the Nabucco pipeline from Turkmenistan are not viable as the Turkmens are already supplying around 90bcm of energy to Iran , Russia and China .
The geographic positioning of Turkey and Russia as the only suppliers direct to the continent mean the EU 's bargaining position looks weak . Furthermore , Turkish-Russian co-operation is proceeding at a gallop . This was confirmed by Ankara 's silence on Georgia and comments from the Turkish energy ministry suggesting they would 'increase supplies from Russia and Iran ' in the event of a shortfall from the SCP . Nesterov says 'deeper co-operation between Russia and Turkey is likely . It is to both countries ' advantage . '
So the South Stream , in terms of viability , can provide guaranteed energy to Europe over the longer term , while Nabucco is beset by unresolved problems . When the only alternatives are gas from Iran and the Persian Gulf , energy from Russia seems to reconcile Europe 's regional strategic interests with security of supply at a smaller diplomatic cost . But it is only the lesser of two evils .
In the popular version of the so-called astronomical revolution Andreas Osiander , who was born on the 19th December 1496 or 1498 , is very often presented as the greatest villain in the history of science because he dared to suggest in the ad lectorum ( to the reader ) that he added to the front of Copernicus ' De revolutionibus that one could regard the heliocentric hypothesis as a mere mathematical model and not necessarily a true representation of the cosmos . Is the judgement of history just and who was Andreas Osiander anyway ?
Andreas Osiander was born in Gunzenhausen , a small town to the south of Nürnberg , the son of Endres Osannder a smith and Anna Herzog . His father was also a local councillor , who later became mayor . He entered the University of Ingolstadt in 1515 where he , amongst other things , studied Hebrew under Johannes Reuchlin one of the greatest humanist scholars in Germany at that time , the great uncle from Philipp Melanchthon and the leading Hebrew scholar of the age . In 1520 Osiander was ordained a priest and called to Nürnberg to teach Hebrew at the Augustinian Cloister . This had been a major centre for reformatory debate for a number of years and it is here that Osiander became a religious reformer . In 1522 he was appointed preacher at the Saint Lorenz church in Nürnberg and became the leading voice for religious reform in the city . In 1525 Nürnberg , a city-state , became the first state to officially adopt the Lutheran Protestant religion , and Osiander became a highly influential and powerful figure . He was largely responsible for converting Albrecht of Prussia to Protestantism and also had a major influence on Thomas Cranmer , later Archbishop of Canterbury and author of the Common Book of Prayer . A trivial pursuits fact is that Cranmer married one of Osiander 's nieces .
Osiander 's first links with the printer/publisher Johannes Petreius was as the author of polemical religious tracts , which Petreius published . How he became an editor for Petreius is not know . It is also not known when and where Osiander developed his interest in and knowledge of the mathematical sciences . What is certain is that it was Osiander who , after Petreius had discovered Cardano 's books at the book fair in Frankfurt , who wrote to the Italian mathematician/physician/philosopher on Petreius ' behalf offering to publish his books in Germany ; an offer that Cardano was more than willing to accept . Osiander then became the editor of those books of Cardano 's that Petreius published over the years ; a service for which Cardano thanks him very warmly in the preface to one of his books , praising him highly for his abilities as an editor .
When Rheticus published his account of Copernicus ' heliocentric astronomy in his Narratio Prima , in the form of an open letter addressed to Johannes Schöner , another of Petreius ' editors , it was Osiander who wrote to Rheticus on behalf of the publishing house showing great interest in the cyclical astrological theory of history outlined by Rheticus in his little book .
After Rheticus had brought the manuscript of De revolutionibus to Nürnberg , Philipp Melanchthon pressured him to take up the professorship for mathematics in Leipzig and Osiander took over the task of seeing the text through the press . It is here that Osiander added the ad lectorum to the finished book , which has , over the centuries , pulled down so much odium on his head . Is this harsh judgement of his actions justified or have we , as I believe , been blaming the wrong man for the last four and a half centuries .
In the early days of printing there was no such thing as authors rights . The rights to a book lay with the printer/publisher , who was also the first port of call should the authorities decide that a book or pamphlet was seditious , blasphemous or in any other way unacceptable . And please remember our concepts of freedom of speech simply did not exist in sixteenth-century Europe . The ad lectorum was added to De revolutionibus certainly with Petreius ' knowledge and almost certainly at his instigation . This is confirmed by his reaction as Copernicus ' friend Bishop Tiedemann Giese complained to the city council of Nürnberg about the inclusion of the ad lectorum in his dead friend 's magnum opus . Consulted by the council on the subject Petreius basically flew off the handle and told them to get stuffed , it was his book and he 'd put what the hell he liked in it .
Osiander continued to edit the books of Cardano for Petreius but in 1548 the city of Nürnberg accepted the Augsburg Interim an edict issued by Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor , who had just won a decisive victory against the Protestant forces , forcing the Protestant states within the Empire to revert to Catholicism . In a moonlight flit Osiander fled the city of Nürnberg and made his way north to Königsberg , where Albrecht appointed him professor of theology at the newly established university . This caused much bad blood , as Osiander was not a qualified theologian . In this position Osiander became embroiled in a major theological dispute with the supporters of Melanchthon in Wittenberg over the doctrine of justification . This dispute is known in German church history as the Osiander Dispute and led to a schism between the two parties , with Osiander basically forming his own branch of Protestantism .
Osiander died in 1552 a controversial figure both in the history of religion and the history of science . However as I have sketched above I think his bad reputation in the history of science is not really justified and the real villain of the piece , if there is one , is Johannes Petreius . I say if there is one , because many historians are of the opinion that the ad lectorum saved the De revolutionibus from being condemned straight away , when it was published , and allowed the heliocentric hypothesis it contained to spread relatively unhindered and become established .
Advertisements
Regardless of your views on gay marriage , gay adoption and so on , I think we can all agree that Israel 's tolerant , liberal society is a much nicer place to live than the barbaric , oppressive , misogynistic and homophobic cultures that seem to spring up wherever radical Islam takes root , and particularly under Hamas in Gaza . After all , for over ten years , gay Palestinians have been fleeing their own country and settling in Tel Aviv , one of the most gay-friendly cities on the planet .
In fact , friendly is an understatement . Israel is positively enthusiastic , as the only liberal democracy in the region , of underscoring its Western credentials and celebrating people of all backgrounds and preferences –provided they 're not insane militants who want to see the Jews scrubbed from the face of the earth , obviously .
So you might imagine that gay Westerners , with an uncensored press and ready access to information about the torture and execution of homosexuals under administrations like Hamas 's , would be reluctant to support barbaric medieval homophobia . Surely they would feel a natural affinity to the permissive democracy in this conflict — not to mention how deliciously dreamy Israeli men are ?
Alas , not so . Witness the “ Queers for Palestine ” movement — a small group of homosexuals who have decided to support “ Palestine ” despite apparently knowing nothing about the history of this conflict , and despite the latter 's appalling human rights record and systematic persecution of homosexuals . Queer indeed .
This is one of those times you catch sight of something or someone on the internet so mind-blowingly dumb , you need to do a few minutes ' research to make sure it 's not a wind-up .
So this week 's prize for stupidity goes to the daft queens marching down their local High Street in support of a regime that wants them dead . Of course , some of the responsibility for this must lie with the BBC , Channel 4 and CNN — all of which downplay the ugliness of Islamist Palestinian society and ham up the suffering of its citizens to make Israel look like the bad guy .
There 's even a conspiracy theory that Israel 's support for gay rights exists only to make the countries around it look bad . It 's called “ pinkwashing , ” and it 's an odd lie put about by brainless boobies who , despite the fact that if they ever actually went to the Middle East with their rainbow flags and terrible music they 'd be lynched , support terrorists in Gaza no matter what against the evil Jewish state . Bitch , please .
To be fair , the gays are n't the only ones taken in . “ Radical feminists ” have also been spotted in London and elsewhere “ showing solidarity ” with their oppressed fellow human rights enthusiasts in Gaza . It 's almost too obvious a joke to make , but have these angry , spiky-haired four-foot Caledonian lesbians railing against Israel actually considered what their lives would be like if they 'd been born in an Islamic country ?
Makes you laugh , does n't it ? I 'm happy to stump up for a plane ticket , incidentally , if one of these marchers wants to see for themselves how grateful the Islamist lunatics in Gaza are for the support of a load of preening , smug nancy-boys and their radfem mates . I wonder if any of them would actually be be brave enough to visit the culture they are so insistent on defending . Seriously , ladies . See if you can last twenty-four hours .
So why is this happening ? I do n't think it 's anti-Semitism . It 's just stupidity . Like most fashionable but ill-conceived Left-wing causes , the Free Palestine movement feels good and looks good and gets you applause from the right people . But it does n't stand up to intellectual or historical scrutiny–especially if you 're a marginalised group , likely to be persecuted under an Islamist regime .
The conflict in Gaza has a complex historical etiology and takes time to educate yourself about , and to fully understand . You may well , after all that , conclude that your sympathies lie with the people of Gaza , who are not well represented by Hamas and who are suffering because Hamas insists on dirty tactics and have , over the course of months , provoked the much stronger and more technologically sophisticated Israel into brutal retaliation . Not quite my view , but you 'd be entitled to hold it .
But you do n't need to do much reading to conclude that , as a single-issue campaigner , whether gay , lesbian , feminist or transgender , there is only one side in this ugly war to support , if you care about the rights of gay people in the Middle East . Because , last time I checked , the vibrant , sassy , tolerant , sexy , liberal and welcoming place to be been Israel .
This article is the first in a weekly series entitled ‘ This Week in Stupid '
Kellyanne Conway went on the Monday morning news junket today and she may or may not have admitted that the Trump administration has no proof to back up the president 's allegation that Trump Tower was wiretapped by former president Barack Obama .
During an interview earlier today , Conway stood by President Trump ‘ s claim saying it 's “ just a fact of modern life ” that microwaves and other tech can be hacked and turned into surveillance devices . George Stephanopoulos asked Conway about this on Good Morning America , inquiring as to why Trump made the claim without offering any proof .
Conway insisted that her previous comments were n't about Trump Tower specifically , but were about the various CIA spying techniques recently disclosed by WikiLeaks . Stephanopoulos asked Conway to clarify that she has no evidence about Trump Tower , and she responded with “ Of course I do n't have any evidence for those allegations , and that answer has nothing to do with what the president said last week . ”
Watch above , via ABC .
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Ken Meyer ( @ KenMeyer91 ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Last Friday , a young lioness was spotted in the al-Barsha area of Dubai . Less than one-year-old and clearly distressed , it was rescued and taken to Dubai Zoo for quarantine . The discovery of a big cat so far from its natural habitat , prowling the streets of the city , was far from unprecedented .
Many affluent Emiratis have acquired a taste for dangerous , endangered animals , paying large sums to procure them from the black market . Viewed as enviable status symbols , as play toys for Gulf playboys , the UAE - like other countries in the region - has many exotic species locked up behind closed doors of mansions of the nouveau riche : lions , tigers , leopards , cheetahs , and panthers , to name a few .
There remains a steady trickle of such sightings and seizures . Publics zoos are often where the animals end up after being `` donated '' by their owners .
“ The owners often only keep them for a few months , maybe a year , before they tire of them… they never say where they get them from , ” says Nanyunja Peninah , foreman at Dubai Zoo . The owners are usually bashful when they `` donate '' their pets to the zoo .
“ On average we get about 10 donations of animals a month to the zoo… two or three are usually endangered , ” says Peninah .
Not all of them stay locked up . A few years ago there was a spate of sensational exotic animal sightings in residential neighbourhoods in the UAE : a young cheetah roaming the streets of Abu Dhabi , a tiger leaning out of the blacked-out windows of a vehicle in central Dubai .
The problem was highlighted by Emirates Airline in November 2015 . In collaboration with an alliance of animal protection charities , it had the hull of two of its A380s overlaid with a 42.5-metre design featuring endangered species to raise awareness of the illegal wildlife trade and communicate the need for urgent action .
Two Emirates Airlines designs featuring endangered species span over 42.5 metres in length as seen in November 2015 as part of a wildlife awareness campaign . ( United for Wildlife )
Asides from this act of corporate benevolence - a beautiful façade on an aircraft - there is an actual , and deeply concerning , link between endangered species , the UAE , wealth and international transport .
Cruel , oblivious masters
The glimpses of exotic pets in bizarre public sightings , perhaps awful and wonderful at the same time , masks an even darker truth than the wanton recklessness of the owners of these big cats : they do n't know how to look after them . Owners often treat the animals cruelly and sometimes mutilate them in order to render them harmless . The results can be deadly for the animals .
Some owners demand that their `` pets '' be declawed and have their teeth removed . The procedure alters the way animals walk , causing chronic back and joint pain - although vets in the UAE see far worse consequences .
On a monthly basis , specialist vets are brought dead endangered animals that were once pets . Most of the time it is the owners ' lack of knowledge or resources , with animals succumbing to preventable diseases or malnutrition .
For big cats , UAE owners often only feed animals raw chicken , which is insufficient for their diet , particularly for young animals . “ Most owners do n't even know what quantity to feed the animals , let alone the different [ nutritional ] requirements , ” says Peninah . Malnutrition can cause irreversible , painful problems from hind-leg paralysis and under-development of the nervous system .
Nanyunja Peninah has been Zoo Foreman at Dubai Zoo for a year , after a career in a wildlife centre in Uganda ( MEE/Will Carter )
Some owners simply leave a donkey or other animal to their pet big cat , naively thinking that it is a natural way for them to hunt and eat .
“ After being raised in captivity , the animals have neither instinct nor knowledge themselves of how to hunt , and end up attacking the creature without killing it , ” says Jasem Ali , an Emirati trader and conservationist who ( in collaboration with Ras al-Khaimah Zoo ) rescues and rehabilitates large animals that become unwanted pets . “ Eventually [ the cat ] devours a limb or parts of the creature 's back whilst it is still alive , obviously in excruciating pain . It 's very terrible . ”
In many cases owners find they can not maintain these `` pets '' or they tire of them .
Endangered , domesticated animals have been seized from owners , relinquished to private zoos , or released by them before being captured by authorities . As animals raised in captivity can not be released into the wild , and there is lack of capacity in conservations to absorb returning animals , some animals which can not be accommodated in private zoos are put down .
This frightened young lioness was captured and put in quarantine by a rescue team from Dubai Zoo after left by its owners and found in a residential suburb of Dubai in January 2016 ( MEE/Will Carter )
Illegal trade : lucrative , adaptive and elusive
Much of the brokering for illicit wildlife trade is done online : online ad platforms and social media appear to be the main mediums .
As part of a 2014 online investigation , the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( IFAW ) found that there were 120 online ads in the UAE for internationally protected live animals . In comparison , China , which is widely believed to be the largest consumer of endangered species in the world , had 124 such live animal ads - only a handful more . In contrast to other Gulf nations , only five were found in Qatar , seven in Kuwait , and 10 in Bahrain : the problem seemed most acute in the UAE .
`` The UAE government responded to our findings , and online ad platforms selling endangered live animals were closed down - but the problem simply migrated to other modes of social media , '' says Elsayed Mohamed , Middle East regional director for IFAW .
More broadly , after the drugs and weapons trade , animal trafficking is the third most lucrative illicit sector in the world ; in comparison to drugs and weapons , illegal wildlife trade is relatively low cost and low risk .
The issue , which has spiked in recent years , was recognised in mid-2013 by the UN Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice , as a `` serious form of organised crime '' . It called for strengthened penalties against criminal syndicates and networks profiting from the illegal trade . However , the networks are quick to adapt , avoiding detection and prosecution .
UAE is often regarded as one of the major nodes for illegal trafficking of animals or their body parts , particularly as it is a major transit centre between Africa and Asia . There are over 20 entry points into the country ; customs officers play a vital role in curbing this trafficking , and have successfully carried out a consistent series of intercepts of illegal smuggling of small endangered species - particularly monkeys and reptiles , or animal body parts such as ivory .
But a 2015 documentary report demonstrates that smugglers have in-depth knowledge of the airports - inside information from customs officials as to which airports have x-ray checks , how many hours it takes before a suitcase or briefcase is x-rayed , and which connections are not screened by UAE officials .
`` Some trade is n't even through official ports at all - it happens on the border with Saudi Arabia , '' says Jasem Ali .
UAE legislation controlling the trade
In 1990 , the UAE endorsed the Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species ( CITES ) , which regulates the trade . But in 2001 , WWF successfully called for a ban against the UAE for non-compliance with the convention . After corrective actions , the ban was partially lifted in 2002 .
According to the UAE 's most recent 2015 report filed to CITES , prohibitions or conditions for the trade , taking , and transport of endangered species had been adopted in the UAE . But importantly , the conditions for possession had not .
Rules concerning ownership of endangered species of pets vary between each of the seven emirates , but there exists no federal law . Some parts of the UAE have adopted stringent legislation , particularly the Emirate of Sharjah , which in 2014 criminalised breeding or possession of exotic animals in that emirate ; but most emirates have not .
For years it was possible to import exotic pets into one emirate , and then transport them overland to others , circumventing the problem .
`` New draft legislation is being considered by UAE lawmakers to regulate or prohibit ownership of certain animals , which is clearly positive , '' says IFAW 's Mohamed . However , on its own , it will fail .
`` We need to change social attitudes in Emirati youth towards exotic pets and we need to control the channels of social media in which this illegal trade is now thriving .
`` Changing public attitudes is more important than drafting legislation . ''
Further , whilst legislation protecting endangered species was fully developed , according to the report `` implementing regulations '' were rated as `` partially inadequate '' . No information was provided regarding relevant criminal prosecutions or any other court actions of CITES-related violations , nor on any incentives for assisting the enforcement of the law .
Without enforcement , the current legislation seems as toothless as the declawed animals it intends to protect .
Example , not exception
Undoubtedly , there has been progress in developing a legislative framework that protects endangered animals in the UAE . And yet , with no let up in demand , the illicit supply of endangered species continues .
What is clear is that whilst there is still strong demand in the UAE for exotic animals amongst its economic elites , there will always be supply and trafficking of endangered animals .
`` It is still a regional problem , common in many countries of the Arabian Gulf ; reducing demand in the UAE by itself may simply transfer the problem to another country , '' says Mohamed .
until this changes , sightings like that of the young lioness rescued in al-Barsha last Friday will surely continue .
How It Has Been Used to Make Martial Law the Norm .
The establishment has been working hard over that past few years to make martial law the norm in the United States . A few events which are most responsible for the normalization of martial law stand out in most of our minds .
First there was the frightening gun confiscation and private home intrusion seen in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Particularly after the flooding in New Orleans . Many people witnessed for the first time the real horrors of martial law as militarized police , the National Guard and FEMA all operating until Federal orders bullied ordinary civilians around forcing them out of their homes and into a FEMA camp set up at public arenas . At the time , no one was used to seeing this here in America . But after a while people carried on with their business , but the memory of the arguably acceptable martial law scene playing out in the case of a natural disaster stayed in everyone 's memory .
Then 8 years later on April 15 , 2013 we had the staged Boston bombing pressure cooker detonations at the Boston Marathon . We all know the story , how within the following days the establishment cooked up the “ chase ” for the real perpetrators which they used to officially introduce the “ lockdown ” concept . I warned about this then . To this day I firmly believe the Boston bombing was set up to show America how an “ event ” can and will be used to lock down a town or a city .
As with Katrina , in the Watertown MA lockdown we saw illegal and forceful home invasions as militarized police forced their way into people 's homes and forced people out of their own homes in the name of looking for “ terrorists ” who supposedly were responsible for the “ attacks ” . No one questioned the lying crisis actors running around with fake bright red blood stains on the ground and Hollywood style torn clothings . No one questioned the actor rolling around in a wheelchair pretending his leg was just blown off while looking robust , oriented , wide awake and with a full colored face . For that matter , no one questioned all the Craft International mercenaries clearly scene on camera communicating , preparing and monitoring the scene of the “ controlled explosion ” . Instead all the focus soon went to the chase , the lockdown and the eventual murder of one of the accused men .
Fast forward to November 13 , 2015 where we saw a series of bizarre supposed shootings that were all attributed to CIA 's ISIS . Strikingly , the event lacked the expected unedited evidence you would expect from a mass shooting in a large city , living in a technological world where almost everyone carries a video camera on their cell phone .
Without getting into the details of the Paris attacks of , the one important thing that everyone must pay attention to is that the event was used to again “ lockdown ” all of Paris and even other parts of Europe . After the Paris attacks there was even talk in New York City and other cities in the US about heightened alert and such .
The point I made at the time of the Paris attacks was that the “ event ” was used to trigger police activity in other parts of the world . The “ lockdown ” concept had just grown to the next level .
As “ lockdown ” is rolled to the general public as the new norm , is anyone asking , what is lockdown ? Or , why it is necessary ?
First I want to say that the entire concept of lockdown is a lie , an illusion , it 's another psychological operation on the general public and here 's why :
1– “ Lockdown ” is based on the delusion that we are all living in one big stadium or locker room that needs to be purged one locker at a time for there to be true justice or for the government to keep you “ safe ” . Of course thinking that it 's the government 's job to keep you safe is another delusion in itself .
2– The “ lockdown ” psyop delusion makes everyone think that if police can barge into anyone 's home at will , then they will have the tools they need to catch the bad guys .
3– The “ lockdown ” psyop delusion is based on the assumption that police are chasing the correct suspect . The idea that vigilante killings ( Chris Dorner ) , patsies ( Boston bombing ) , or that staged shooting ( San Bernardino , Umpqua , Virginia TV Reporter etc ) are now the norm , is not even part of the equation . Thus the lockdowns are based strictly on government and mass media controlled unchecked “ evidence ” , in other words propaganda .
4– The “ lockdown ” psyop delusion is based on the idea that a lockdown actually works when in fact there are no historical examples where a lockdown was the direct tool that allowed police to catch a criminal . Criminals have been caught since the beginning of time without the concept of lockdown . In fact , in today 's world of high technology and government surveillance it is now easier than ever to get caught by police . More than ever , it is getting very difficult for criminals to hide from the control system . Therefore more than at any point in history the concept of lockdown is NOT needed . It only serves as a tool to anger law abiding citizens , trash the Constitution , and empower a tyrannical government .
Expanding the lockdown psyop
After 9/11 the word “ terrorist ” was the buzzword to get everyone worried in fear and bowing to federal government tyranny . For years , all you had to say was “ terrorist ” or “ terrorism ” and most Americans would give way to the Federal government tyrannical forces .
But now that the “ terrorist ” buzzword has lost a lot of its power due to overuse , the control system has had a lot of time to improve their Neuro-linguistic mind control on the general public and they 've added quite a few terms to their mass mind programming .
To expand their mass mind control the control system has now linked numerous other phrases to trigger public expected government and police behavior . The phrases “ active shooter ” , “ gunman ” , “ extremist ” and even “ manhunt ” are now all linked to “ lockdown ” . Look for these buzz words with the next shooting event . In fact here is the latest “ active shooter ” event recently reported out of San Diego Naval Medical Center . The article states :
“ An active shooter and three gunshots were reported at the U.S . Naval Medical Center in San Diego on Tuesday , triggering a law enforcement response although there were no reports of deaths or injuries . The U.S. Navy said in a statement , based on initial reports from a witness , that three shots were heard in the basement of a building housing a gym and barracks at the medical center around 8 a.m. PST ( 1600 GMT ) . First responders and Navy working dog units were on scene clearing the building where the shots were heard , the statement said , adding that the medical center was on lockdown and a shelter-in-place order had been given . A post on the medical center 's Facebook page advised occupants to “ run , hide or fight , ” the protocol advised by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in response to an active shooter .
The critical thing I would like for everyone to observe about this recent story is that gunshots were “ heard ” . No one knows anything else ( as of the time of this story ) . Also note that no one died . But despite this minimal amount activity reported notice how the situation automatically demands that the entire medical center is on lockdown . Also notice how the Department of Homeland Security is already involved . Is n't it strange how the DHS ALWAYS seems to be in the neighborhood snooping around almost always having “ drills ” prior to or during these “ shooting ” events ? I think it is highly suspicious that DHS is even mentioned in this story tied to “ lockdown ” and “ active shooter ” .
This is another reminder that the new world order is trying to force itself on all of us and now the general public is expected to immediately stand down and allow the federal government and militarized police to do whatever they please as soon as these Neuro-linguistic conditioning psyop terms are put out by the mainstream media . This latest story is a textbook example of this programming .
No one should be fooled by these psychological tactics and clever word games . It 's all part of the delusion being imposed on the masses . The bottom line is that “ lockdown ” is just another buzz word for martial law and lockdowns do n't work except for those trying to impose tyranny . The lesson to learn here is that there are no words that any American should accept as an acceptable buzzword to allow the justification of martial law . We must be aware of how we are being manipulated otherwise we 'll never solve the problems we face now .
Let 's do everything we can to expose the process by which the control system slowly establishes their control over the masses . Understanding how they use key words is a central part of this strategy . If you understand this and agree please share this message with others .
Bernie Suarez is a revolutionary writer with a background in medicine , psychology , and information technology . He has written numerous articles over the years about freedom , government corruption and conspiracies , and solutions . A former host of the 9/11 Freefall radio show , Bernie is also the creator of the Truth and Art TV projectwhere he shares articles and videos about issues that raise our consciousness and offer solutions to our current problems . His efforts are designed to encourage others to joyfully stand for truth , to expose government tactics of propaganda , fear and deception , and to address the psychology of dealing with the rising new world order . He is also a former U.S. Marine who believes it is our duty to stand for and defend the U.S. Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic . A peace activist , he believes information and awareness is the first step toward being free from enslavement from the globalist control system which now threatens humanity . He believes love conquers all fear and it is up to each and every one of us to manifest the solutions and the change that you want to see in this world , because doing this is the very thing that will ensure victory and restoration of the human race from the rising global enslavement system , and will offer hope to future generations .
Editor 's note : This story was revised Sep 29 to correct a detail about when pneumonia cases were diagnosed .
Sep 28 , 2009 ( CIDRAP News ) – Almost one third of a group of patients who died in the past 4 months from H1N1 influenza had bacterial infections that complicated their illnesses , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) said today in a conference call with healthcare providers . But the agency cautioned against applying that ratio to all cases of H1N1 , saying the death records it reviewed were submitted by hospitals and medical examiners and did not represent a statistically valid sample .
Nevertheless , the 22 cases ( among 77 deaths confirmed to be from H1N1 ) emphasize that bacterial co-infections are playing a role in the ongoing pandemic , something that was not clear at first , the CDC 's Dr. Matthew Moore said on the call .
`` During the early part of this pandemic , evidence of bacterial co-infection was pretty much absent , '' Moore said during the call , part of the CDC 's `` Clinician Outreach and Communication Activity '' program . That `` may have led to the perception that bacterial co-infection is playing only a limited or maybe even no role in this current pandemic . . . . [ But ] bacterial pneumonia may be contributing to influenza-associated mortality in a manner similar to that in previous pandemics . ''
The 77 patients whose deaths and autopsy data were evaluated by the CDC are expected to be described in a forthcoming article in the agency 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report . They ranged in age from 2 months to 84 years , with a median age of 39 . Nine out of 10 had some underlying condition that made them vulnerable to the severest effects of flu , such as obesity , cardiac disease , asthma , diabetes , or HIV infection . Three were women in the last trimester of pregnancy .
All appear to have been severely ill : 63 % received influenza antivirals and 81 % were put on ventilators . Pneumonia was diagnosed before death in 39 % of the cases .
The 22 patients ( 29 % ) who were confirmed to have bacterial complications were infected with Streptococcus pneumoniae ( pneumococcus ) , Staphylococcus aureus , Group A strep , and Haemophilus influenzae . ( Four were infected with more than one bacterial type . ) Five of the seven S aureus infections involved methicillin-resistant ( MRSA ) strains .
Moore said the CDC is especially concerned that 16 of the 22 fall into categories of people who are recommended to receive pneumococcal vaccine because of their age or underlying chronic conditions . The agency received limited clinical data on the cases and thus could not say whether they received the vaccine—but it is well-known , Moore said , that only 16 % of Americans who should receive pneumococcal vaccine do so .
In response , the CDC is urging people at high risk for pneumococcal disease to be vaccinated , Moore said : `` If you add up all the people in the United States who should have received pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine but have not yet received it , that totals 70 million individuals . We have a terrific opportunity here to prevent additional pneumococcal disease . ''
See also :
CDC recommendation for pneumococcal vaccination for adults
http : //www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5934a3.htm
CDC recommendation for pneumococcal vaccination for children
http : //www.cdc.gov/mmwr/PDF/rr/rr4909.pdf
Mark Anderson
The below press release was issued by Mark Anderson , chairman of the Frederick County , Virginia Libertarians , and a 2015 candidate for the Virginia General Assembly :
If you have been even marginally scrolling through Facebook or online news sources , you 've seen plenty of articles stating the NRA wants terrorists to be able to legally buy firearms . What those sources are referring to is the NRA-opposed and recently blocked-by-Republicans bill , Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015 ­ a bill that purports to “ increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of fire-arms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists . ”
Essentially , if you are one of the at least 700,000 Americans on the terror watch list , this bill would prevent you from legally purchasing a firearm .
Sounds great , huh ? Not so fast .
The National Rifle Association claims 40 percent of the people on the terror watch list have no link to any terror groups . Now , hardly an unbiased source for the claim , but the number is likely pretty accurate , and is backed up by other sources .
The list is made largely on a nomination basis : Someone suspects another of being a terrorist , contacts authorities to express these concerns , and , voila , that name goes on the list . It is virtually guaranteed those nominated will be included ; the terror watch list has a nearly 99 percent inclusion rate for nominated names .
In short , if your busybody neighbor who you do not get along with decides to contact the authorities and nominate you for the terror watch list , you 're going on it . Or if you make what some might deem anti-government posts on social media , someone could nominate you and , poof , you 're listed .
Way back in 2014 , when the Huffington Post was critical of how people found their way onto this list ( it now believes the terror watch list is the end-all of who is a terrorist because of the blocked legislation ) , it published an article that listed seven ways the average American may find himself on the list . Among them :
Making questionable posts on social media .
Someone could nominate you .
You are related to someone already on the list .
You could simply be unlucky . The Huffington Post uses a 4-year-old child nearly barred from boarding a plane as an example .
It amazes me how the left has completely switched gears regarding the terror watch list ­ going from being critical of the amount of abuse used in putting so many innocent Americans on a government watch list to being critical that the constitutionally protected rights of those very people were very nearly denied .
In 2014 , it wrote : “ The process of adding people to the terror watch lists is as imperfect as the intelligence officials tasked with doing so . ”
And in 2015 : “ Senate Republicans just blocked a bunch of gun-control measures : Even one that would have stopped suspected terrorists from purchasing a gun . ”
If you need further proof of lazy investigative practices , then look at another number thrown around by liberals . Their claim ? That out of 700,000 to 1.5 million people on the list ( nominations grow by hundreds of thousands annually ) , 2,000 successfully purchased firearms since 2004 .
That does not even make sense . If there are at least three-quarters of a million people who the government legitimately believes are terrorists , and if it 's completely legal for suspected terrorists to purchase firearms , why have only 2,000 done so in the last 11 years ?
This is simply the left throwing numbers against a wall and hoping they stick , fooling their constituents in the process .
Who does n't want to keep firearms out of the hands of terrorists , or any bad people ? That is something everyone in America would support , but denying the constitutionally protected rights of hundreds of thousands of innocent Americans is no answer .
Perhaps if the FBI spent more time investigating legitimate terror suspects instead of compiling bloated lists of people with no connection to terrorism , we could prevent attacks like the one that just took place in San Bernardino . Instead of overburdening a system by including 280,000 people with no reasonable connection to terrorism , our government could use its resources to dismiss those unlikely to be involved with terrorism .
Maybe , just maybe , the government should n't be compiling enormous lists of Americans in the first place . Because this is exactly the kind of abuse it always leads to . That 's why libertarians fight unconstitutional practices , because always in the name of safety we are asked to sacrifice liberty .
When the Patriot Act was passed , many Americans assumed it would only be used to track legitimate terror threats . We know how that ended up . When the government is given an inch , it will always take a mile . That is how we end up going from agreeing to sobriety checkpoints to fight drunk driving to checkpoints increasingly employing no-refusal , forcible blood draws performed on the side of the road or in police stations , a tactic now commonly used in multiple states with growing popularity .
And that 's how we end up with hundreds of thousands of innocent Americans on a terror watch list .
No amount of safety is worth sacrificing liberty , because without liberty there is no safety .
-- -- -Another MLP image I did that 's apart of my intended series called `` What If ... '' , a little idea I had that featured the characters in a variety of crossovers or alternate universes.Fluttershy would be consideredWhile she is n't the boldest , nor the strongest , I see Fluttershy as the type to be able to adapt when the situation calls for it . Even when she 's terrified and near-freezing up in fear , she wo n't hesitate in the face of danger when her friends ' lives , as well as her own , hangs in the balance , and she 'll bravely do what is necessary to make sure everyone comes out alive.I went ahead and sketched a few pics like this before I work on commissions again ; I 'm planning on doing the last three large commissions in one week to get 'em out of the way , so I figured , `` Meh , a couple of sketches can get the creative juice flowin ' . o3o '' So yeah . :3 Next up , I 'm probably doing either Rainbow Dash or Pinkie Pie . ^3^-Related images -- Brave ( -- -- -- War Themed-
Over the weekend I wrote an article titled Turning Your Idea into an Invention . In the article I talked about the fact that you do not need to have a prototype , but rather you need to be able to describe your invention with enough detail so that others will be able to understand what you have invented . This is true except in the scenario of a perpetual motion machine , which I acknowledged in the article . I did n't want to go off on what would have been a lengthy tangent , but I knew as I was typing that paragraph I would circle back and fill in the blanks regarding the law as it pertains to perpetual motion machines .
The laws of physics and nature tell us that it is impossible for a machine to produce more energy than it consumes , which creates a very real impediment to obtaining a patent . Such a machine is characterized as a perpetual motion machine and when claimed as such it is ordinarily and routinely rejected by the United States Patent and Trademark Office . The rejection provided by the Patent Office for a claim that recites a device capable of producing more energy than it consumes is a utility rejection , which is based on the belief that an invention can not have utility if it does not work .
But why do we need law pertaining to things that science says are impossible ? Why do we need law pertaining to a perpetual motion machine ? Those are two very different questions .
First , it needs to be noted that so-called impossibility rejections have been issued in the past relative to inventions previously thought to be impossible and later proved to be possible . For example , utility rejections were once common with respect to hair re-growth methods and treatments . When a patent examiner issues a rejection , including a utility rejection , the burden shifts to the applicant to demonstrate entitlement to the claim . In the utility scenario an examiner would reject a claim and then it would be up to the applicant to produce sufficient proof that the invention does actually work . Eventually there was sufficient proof that hair re-growth methods , treatments and compounds did actually cause at least some hair to re-grow . Upon the presentation of this evidence the utility rejection is withdrawn and the patent examiner considers the invention on its merits , moving forward to determine if the invention is novel and non-obvious . Ordinarily in the situation where the initial rejection was due to impossibility one would anticipate smooth sailing through novelty and non-obviousness .
In the case of a perpetual motion machine the production of a working prototype is the only way the Patent Office would ever issue a claim for a device claimed as being able to produce more energy than it consumes . More specifically , you will need to produce the working prototype before the Patent Office is going to engage in any examination . The prototype will be tested thoroughly and if the output is more than the input then a perpetual motion machine has been achieved and the applicant may move forward through the patenting process .
The best case to discuss whenever the issue of perpetual motion machines comes up is Newman v. Quigg , 877 F.2d 1575 ( 1989 ) . In that case Mr. Newman claimed a device that increases the availability of usable electrical energy . The patent examiner rejected the claims and the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences upheld that rejection . Ultimately a number of appeals were taken to courts outside the Patent Office . In one proceeding at the district court level a special master was appointed to investigate .
The special master reported that the results shown for the Newman device appeared to conflict with the laws of thermodynamics , and expressed skepticism concerning Newman 's theory of operation of the invention . The master stated that “ [ t ] here is no evidence corroborating Newman 's scientific theory. ” The master also found that the evidence before the Patent Office was overwhelming and that Newman had built and tested a prototype of his invention where the output energy exceeds the external input energy . The special master went on to conclude that there was no contradictory factual evidence to rebut Newman 's claim despite the fact that the operation of the invention violated well-established scientific principles .
Ultimately , the district court did not adopt the special master 's findings because the report was “ clearly erroneous in that it apparently contradicts the first law of thermodynamics. ” In other words , the district court judge was not about to issue a decision saying that the first aw of thermodynamics is incorrect . As a result , the district court referred the device for testing by the National Bureau of Standards ( “ NBS ” ) , which all things being considered was a really good idea . After all , if one is going to say that the first law of thermodynamics is incorrect it might be a good idea to actually test the device and see if the claims and paper proof really add up to a real-life illustration of the faulty nature of the first law of thermodynamics .
The NBS testing did not confirm the special master 's findings , and in fact found that the device did not produce more energy than it consumes , although it was found to be extremely efficient — 87 % efficient . Newman protested because the NBS tested the device grounded , which he claimed could not be done according to the invention . He further protested that the load added to test for the amount of energy skewed the results . The matter was appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
The Federal Circuit , having an open mind to the possibility of a perpetual motion machine , said :
This court , like the master and the district court , believes that the laws of thermodynamics do not brook contradiction . However , the laws of thermodynamics do not require closing of either the scientific or the judicial mind to the possibility that the phenomena manifested can be explained by theories that do not violate inviolable scientific principles . The master so recognized , even as he expressed strong skepticism about Mr. Newman 's scientific theory of harnessing gyroscopic or electromagnetic energy . But when the court-ordered test did not verify the results claimed by Mr. Newman , the matter of the scientific explanation of the claimed results became moot . Taking notice of the unusual nature of Mr. Newman 's asserted technological results and proffered explanation , we discern no error in the district court 's decision to decline to adopt the recommended conclusion of the special master , and instead to order further examination by the PTO , followed by the order that a test of performance of the Newman device be conducted by the NBS .
Essentially , the Federal Circuit found no error in what the district court did . The primary , if not exclusive reason , was because Newman had been provided the testing protocols to be employed by NBS , which included that the machine would be grounded and a load added to test the output electricity , and he did not object prior to the testing . Objecting after the fact to the NBS testing was deemed insufficient and untimely .
What does this all mean ? It means that it will be exceptionally difficult to obtain a claim on an invention that purports to produce more energy than it consumes , unless of course you actually have a working prototype that will when tested produce more energy than it consumes . Judge Pauline Newman ( no relation to the inventor ) was the Federal Circuit Judge who wrote the opinion in Newman v. Quigg and as I read what she wrote I get the sense that she chose her words carefully because she would not want to go down in history as one who wrote that perpetual motion machines are impossible , only years , decades or centuries later to be proven wrong .
The reality is that science fact and science fiction are dictated based on currently accepted understandings , whether they be true or not . As impossible as something sounds , what we understand as science fact is always bounded by our understanding of our surroundings . As our knowledge expands what was formerly science fact frequently becomes science wrong , sometimes badly wrong . Does that mean that someday perpetual motion will be a reality ? Who knows . I am not holding my breath or taking any bets , but there are a lot of highly intelligent people constantly trying to unlock the mysteries of the universe and with so many new discoveries it seems science continues to encroach upon the impossible . Just think about cloaking devices and a transporter a la Star Trek , which are already to some extent realities . See here , here , here for cloaking and this , this and NASA acknowledging “ small numbers of atoms and photons have been teleported ” for transporter technology futurism .
But all of this begs the question about why do we really need to have law dealing specifically with perpetual motion machines ? The truth is that every generation has inventors that believe they have solved the mystery of perpetual motion and the Patent Office and the Courts have gotten rather tired of dealing with those cases , hence the requirement for a working prototype first .
To some it will be shocking that there are people who actually believe they have invented a device that produces more energy than it consumes . I can say with great authority that there are far more inventors working on creating a perpetual motion machine than anyone probably would believe . In some cases there is even a working prototype , so there is obviously some kind of machine , but does it provide more energy than it consumes , which is the Patent Office definition of a perpetual motion machine . Frequently inventors discount the initial energy input into the system , thereby skewing their output readings and erroneously having them believe they have created a perpetual motion machine . But there are many working in what seems a hopeless field , at least if you buy into the first law of thermodynamics .
The pursuit of the impossible , or impossible at least based on our current understandings of the laws of physics and nature , is a particularly strong draw for many . It is what causes young science fiction fans to grow up into scientists that challenge conventional thinking and chase the cool gadgets the sci-fi visionaries dreamed . That drive and dedication can lead to places where no one could have imagined , and frequently does . Just look at all the things NASA learned when they worked to put a man on the moon . That was believed to be impossible . Would we have made so many discoveries without reaching for the seemingly impossible ? Perhaps not .
The key for those who dream of perpetual motion or unlimited free energy ( as it is sometimes stated ) is understanding that it will be a substantial uphill battle to obtain a patent on a perpetual motion machine , and even if you do have a working prototype you will likely need many hundreds of thousands of dollars to fight the legal battles you will face . Of course most will tell you it is impossible and you should stop wasting your time , and maybe they are right . But I 'm a dreamer myself and not about to tell anyone to stop pursuing their own dream .
What I do want to say , however , is that you need to keep your eyes open along the journey . Do n't become blinded by disproving the first law of thermodynamics . What I know for sure is that if you set out to prove the impossible possible you may well stumble across a variety of interesting improvements that are worth protecting . A stumbled upon invention is still an invention , but that is a story for a different day . For now suffice it to say that as you reach for the stars do n't lose sight of that which you are creating that is less than what you want but still a great invention .
Happy inventing !
PRINCE RUPERT , British Columbia — A disabled Russian container ship carrying hundreds of tons of fuel is adrift again but officials said Saturday there is no immediate risk of it reaching shore , hitting rocks and causing a spill .
Royal Canadian Navy Lt. Greg Menzies said a tow line from the Coast Guard ship Gordon Reid got detached , but he noted that the Russian vessel is now 44 kilometres away from shore . Menzies said efforts are under way to get the line re-attached .
The Canadian Coast Guard vessel Sir Wilfrid Laurier and the U.S. Coast Guard cutter Spar were also on to assist if needed , while an ocean-going tugboat was expected to arrive in the area late Saturday or early Sunday .
The Russian carrier Simushir lost power off Haida Gwaii , also known as the Queen Charlotte Islands , as it made its way from Everett in Washington state to Russia .
The Gordon Reid secured a towline Friday night and the two vessels were moving away from the coastline at 3.7 kilometres per hour in 3 to 4-meter ( 10 to 12-foot ) swells earlier Saturday . Officials said the outcome was subject to weather , but the danger has been lessened .
“ The further they get away from the coast and the nearer the larger tug gets the better , ” Acting Sub . Lt. Ron MacDougall said .
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper tweeted his thanks for the “ great work ” the Gordon Reid ship is doing off the coast .
The ship was drifting northwest in stormy seas Friday , away from shore , after losing power late Thursday , officials said .
The fear of oil spills is especially acute in British Columbia , where residents remember the Exxon Valdez disaster of 1989 . Such worries have fed fierce opposition – particularly from environmentalists and Canada 's native tribes – to a current proposal to build a pipeline that would carry oil from Canada 's Alberta oil sands to a terminal in Kitimat , British Columbia , on the Pacific Coast for shipment to Asia . Opponents say the proposed pipeline would bring about 220 large oil tankers a year to the province 's coast .
The president of the Council of the Haida Nation had warned Friday that a storm coming into the area was expected to push the ship onto the rocky shore , but later President Pete Lantin said their worst fears have subsided .
“ If the weather picks up it could compromise that , but as of right now there is a little sense of relief that we might have averted catastrophe here , ” Lantin said .
About 5,000 people live on the island and fish for food nearby , Lantin said .
Roger Girouard , an assistant commissioner with the Canadian Coast Guard , said their top concern was the fuel and diesel oil onboard and the risk that the ship could hit the rocks and break apart .
He earlier said if the ship did come apart the rough seas would break up the oil “ so we would have an ally there . It 's cold weather so we do n't have a lot of migratory species right at the moment . ”
He said they have been already moving assets to the region to respond should the break apart and spill .
MacDougall said the Simushir , which is about 440 feet ( 135 meters ) long , was carrying “ a range of hydrocarbons , mining materials and other related chemicals. ” That included 400 tons of bunker oil and 50 tons of diesel .
The vessel is not a tanker but rather a container ship . In comparison , the tanker Exxon Valdez , spilled out 35,000 metric tons of oil .
A spokesman for Russian shipping firm SASCO , the owners of the vessel , said it is carrying 298 containers of mining equipment in addition to heavy bunker fuel as well as diesel oil onboard for the voyage .
The U.S. Coast Guard had a helicopter on standby in the event that 10 crew members need to be pulled off the ship . Officials said the injured captain was evacuated by helicopter , but they were given no further medical details .
The Haida Nation said it had set up an emergency command center in Old Massett , located on the northern tip of Haida Gwaii , in case the vessel runs aground .
The Simushir is registered in Kholmsk , Russia , and owned by SASCO , also known as Sakhalin Shipping Company , according to the company 's website . The SASCO website says the ship was built in the Netherlands in 1998 .
Gillies contributed from Toronto
The outgoing Ukip leader was hosting a phone-in on his LBC radio show when he was confronted by the caller . A nationwide series of `` march for Europe rallies '' will demand keeping close ties with the continent today . The woman , an EU national planning to attend a march , said : “ I 'm going to the march . I have lived in this country for more than 30 years and I wanted a second referendum and I will tell you why .
You are a very dangerous man with Donald Trump LBC caller
“ All your campaign was based on lies . You are a very dangerous man with Donald Trump . “ You just said you do n't trust Theresa May , well I do n't trust you Nigel . “ You are English , you have a French background and I do n't understand why you have so much against us Europeans .
LBC • GETTY Nigel Farage laughed as a furious protester labelled him a dangerous man
LBC The outgoing Ukip leader was hosting a phone-in on his LBC radio show when he was confronted
“ Why do you hate Europe Nigel ? ” Mr Farage laughed off the insult saying : “ Go ahead , I 'm enjoying it ” as the caller went on to call him a dictator . She said : “ You are a hypocrite Nigel , you are a great hypocrite . I 'm sorry to say that and you and Donald Trump are the greatest danger of this world .
BLOOMBERG The caller also laid into US presidential candidate Donald Trump
“ The world should be together , we should stand united , we should be more and more united but you 're dividing us , you 're diving the world . “ You 're creating a massive problem , not only in Europe but outside now because you 're going to America , which country are you trying to go to next ? ” Demonstrations are due to take place in London , Edinburgh , Birmingham , Oxford , and Cambridge today .
Nigel Farage in pictures Mon , April 3 , 2017 Nigel Farage is a British politician who has been the leader of the UK Independence Party since October 2016 . Play slideshow Getty 1 of 48 Nigel Farage in pictures
The Walking Dead 's back tonight , so fans can start getting angry with Rick for not just shooting Negan and being done with it . It 's also got us to thinking what might happen if there was a Zombie Apocalypse here in Northern Ireland .
We want to make sure that there are still Ulster Fry folk out there afterwards to read this shite , so here are the 5 best places we reckon you all should try and escape to .
Connswater shopping centre
Ever since the classic movie Dawn of the Dead ‘ shopping malls ' have been a go-to destination for apocalypse survivors . Connswater has the added bonus of being so depressing that even the living dead would want to avoid it . If any do attack , you can stave them off with a variety of barbecue tools looted from one of the many pound shops .
Pros : Ample parking .
Cons : So bleak you 'd probably eat yourself to escape .
Carrickfergus Castle
This impressive Anglo-Norman castle has been guarding the shores of Belfast Lough for 800 years , so its thick walls should be enough to stand against a load of half dead local residents bumping aimlessly against them . At least they do every Saturday night at the moment .
Pros : Big walls , has a well , easy enough to get to from Belfast .
Cons : You 'd have to live in Carrickfergus .
Derry 's Walls
These walls have withstood three sieges so should cope with a fourth . All you 'd have to do is block up the bit by Badger 's Bar and then find some way of closing the gates . Once safely inside you can argue with fellow survivors about what you should call the surrounded city .
Pros : Walls , good access to pubs
Cons : All the Zombies would be be moaning “ this is wile hi , mucker ” continually and eventually drive you mental .
Any island
In the Walking Dead TV show the zombies ca n't swim , so why do n't Rick and the lads just find an island to live on ? If you 're in Fermanagh you 've a wide choice , up North you can go to Rathlin , round the East you can get a wee pokey one in Strangford Lough or else go to the Copelands .
Pros : Surrounded by water so you could survive on fish .
Cons : Insufficient alcohol , except on Rathlin maybe . No scientific evidence that Zombies ca n't swim .
Stormont
Like Connswater , Stormont buildings are well used to shambling creatures that have long since lost the last vestiges of humanity . Big revolving doors that proved too much even for Michael Stone should keep out the zombie hoards .
Pros : High security , easy access to Mo Mowlam 's playpark , all your needs covered on expenses .
Cons : If the apocalypse comes on one of the few days our MLAs turn up to work you 'll be trapped with them for what remains of your future . A life with Jim Allister .
Enjoying the Ulster Fry ? Facebook are changing the rules soon , so you 'll see less of our stories in your newsfeed ! to see exclusive memes , jokes and nonsense ( that we do n't even post on our page ! ) Facebook are changing the rules soon , so you 'll see less of our stories in your newsfeed ! Join Our Facebook Community to get new story notifications and ( that we do n't even post on our page ! )
5.82K Shares
Comments
