Regulators with the California Division of Oil , Gas , and Geothermal Resources ( DOGGR ) announced in January that they plan to halt oil and gas wastewater injection in 475 oil wells in the Golden State — but also that they will continue to allow injections into federally protected aquifers at another 1,650 wells .
According to the environmental advocacy group Clean Water Action , the announcement appears to be in violation of DOGGR 's own compliance schedule , adopted by regulation in 2014 , which requires all injection well operators that have not obtained an aquifer exemption from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to cease injection by February 15 , 2017 .
DOGGR 's decision covers illegal injection operations in aquifers in 29 oilfields , which will continue past the February 15 deadline while the oil companies responsible for them apply for an exemption from the U.S . Safe Drinking Water Act . California officials and the EPA must review the merits of each exemption application . There is no set timeline for this process and it could take months , Clean Water Action said .
Keith Nakatani , Oil and Gas Program Manager for Clean Water Action , said that the group applauds DOGGR 's decision to shut down 475 illegal injection wells that are threatening drinking water sources . “ But 1,650 other wells continue injecting in violation of the Safe Drinking Water Act , ” he added . “ These wells should have never been permitted , and they continue to put potential drinking water sources at risk . ”
Don Drysdale , a spokesman for the California Department of Conservation , of which DOGGR is a sub-department , said that the February 15 deadline was established through discussions between the EPA , DOGGR , and the California State Water Resources Control Board . “ All three parties were aware that the deadline was ambitious and have been in constant communication about the efforts to bring California into full compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act , ” Drysdale said . “ U.S . EPA on January 26 transmitted a letter approving the State 's current approach . ”
Missing Exemptions from EPA
Previously , over 20 injection wells were shut down by DOGGR ( 11 in 2014 and 12 in 2015 ) as the scale of the problem with the state 's Underground Injection Control Program was first coming to light . More recently , seven companies , including oil and gas behemoth Chevron , were forced to stop injecting wastewater into 11 California aquifers by December 31 , 2016 .
Those 11 aquifers should have been protected by the state of California all along , but officials erroneously believed that the oil companies had obtained exemptions from Safe Drinking Water Act protections from the EPA . It only emerged in 2014 , after the companies had been injecting wastewater into those aquifers for three decades , that the EPA had never granted any such exemptions .
In March of 2015 , as revelations were still emerging that regulators at DOGGR had improperly permitted thousands of wells to inject fluids from “ enhanced oil recovery techniques , ” such as acidization , cyclic steam injection , and fracking , into protected aquifers , California state legislators “ called the agency 's historic practices corrupt , inept , and woefully mismanaged , ” according to the LA Times .
When asked how DOGGR had ensured that injection operations had ceased in all 11 of the aquifers “ historically treated as exempt , ” which were subject to the December 31 deadline , Drysdale responded : “ Initially , there were 98 injection wells listed in the aquifers facing the December deadline ; injection into 71 of those was idled in advance of the deadline . The operators were very aware of the deadline and either have made or are making arrangements to dispose of produced water into other exempted zones . The Division will spot-check injection activities in those fields in addition to confirming during annual inspections and closely reviewing mandatory injection reports . ”
DOGGR found that all but one of the 11 aquifers “ historically treated as exempt ” do not meet state and federal exemption criteria . Unauthorized injection can result in a $ 25,000-per-day civil penalty , Drysdale noted : “ [ T ] hat should be an ample deterrent to unauthorized injection . ”
The one exception is an aquifer known as the Walker Formation , which underlies the Round Mountain Field and is the subject of an aquifer exemption proposal submitted to the EPA on November 30 , 2016 .
Examining Exemption Proposals
In a letter to the EPA dated January 17 , 2017 , DOGGR wrote that it has received exemption proposals for another 42 fields in all , covering more than 2,000 wells . Some 13 of those fields , covering 460 wells , are subject to the February 15 deadline because the operators provided insufficient data to support their exemption proposal . Another 10 fields covering approximately 15 wells where injection was occurring in non-exempt aquifers will also be subject to the February 15 deadline because no data was provided to support an exemption .
All told , DOGGR says in the letter , 155 wells that were found to be injecting into aquifers suitable for drinking water have already been “ brought into compliance . ”
Spot-checks and record reviews will be used to ensure compliance by the companies with ongoing injection activities in those wells that are subject to the February 15 deadline , Drysdale said . “ However , ” he added , “ DOGGR will inspect all the wells as quickly as resources allow . Again , operators have been made aware of the deadlines and the penalties that will result from non-compliance . ”
DOGGR says that it has received sufficient data to evaluate the 29 other aquifer exemption proposals it has received , which would affect the 1,650 injection wells that are n't subject to the February 15 deadline , and deemed them to have sufficient merit to be fully developed and forwarded to the State Water Control Resources Board for review . Those wells “ will not be shut down because the Division and the State Water Board either currently concur that the exemption proposal meets the State and federal criteria for exemption or agree that the proposal appears to have merit warranting ultimate submission to US EPA , ” according to the letter .
As of the date of the letter , the State Water Resources Control Board had preliminarily concurred on seven of the proposals , four of which were finalized and submitted to the EPA for approval . In the letter , DOGGR regulators add that they anticipate another nine aquifer exemption proposals will receive preliminary concurrence from the state , either in whole or part , by February 15 , 2017 . In other words , DOGGR and the State Water Board expect to have at least preliminary concurrence on 16 of the 29 exemption proposals by the February 15 deadline , which they are not required to comply with in any case .
“ We believe that this approach will bring the State into compliance and protect public health and the environment , while avoiding unnecessarily disrupting oil and gas production in instances where the State has already done an evaluation of a proposal and believes the aquifer exemption as submitted by the State ( or anticipated to be submitted by the State ) will receive US EPA approval , ” according to the DOGGR letter .
Clean Water Action 's Nakatani responded to DOGGR 's rationale for keeping more than 1,000 injection wells in operation , saying , “ The state has had more than two years to address this problem and giving oil companies more time to illegally inject is unacceptable . ”
Main image : A pump jack in California is used to mechanically lift liquid out of the well if there is not enough bottom hole pressure for the liquid to flow all the way to the surface . Credit : Sanjay Acharya , CC BY-SA 3.0
When do Kids Stop Believing in Santa ?
By Max Candocia
This December , I surveyed 312 users from Reddit , Facebook , and , to a lesser extent , other social media sources on how they celebrated ( or did n't celebrate ) Christmas . You can find an active version of the survey here . I automatically generate a good portion of this article , so I may update it in the future .
Other Articles in Series
Overview
This is the second article in a series I am writing , focusing on when kids stop believing in Santa Claus . Specifically , I want to answer two questions :
What is the risk of a kid not believing in Santa any more at a given age ? Are there any `` risk factors '' in demographics for not believing in Santa ?
Summary of Parent Gift-Giving
In this survey , most who responded were given gifts as a child , and about two thirds said that their parents claimed they were from Santa .
Age When Kids Stop Believing
Below are a few visualizations of the density of ages that kids stopped believing in Santa . For the most part the majority is around ages 9 through 12 . Some users thought it would be funny to put their current age as when they stopped believing in Santa ( about 1 or 2 percent ) , although that does n't interfere with interpretations of the data too much . Also , for the variables of gender and region ( used later in the article ) , they are assumed to be constant throughout the lifetime of each responder , which may not be true .
Survival Analysis - When do kids stop believing ?
According to the responses , around ages 8 and 9 are when roughly half of kids stop believing in Santa . Below is a survival curve that shows these probabilities , as well as statistical confidence intervals for a range that we feel 95 % confident in placing the value based on the data .
Additionally , we can look at the hazard , a measure of risk , at each age . The hazard is the probability of a kid at a certain age not believing in Santa that year if they started off that year believing in Santa . The good news for new parents is that the jolly , somewhat Orwellian figure can be used with minimal risk of ruining Christmas until age 6 , and is still under 50 % per year until age 10 . The peak around ages 12 and 13 remind me of how cruel middle school was .
Background Risk Factors
Another interesting question : `` What kinds of kids are less likely to believe in Santa longer ? '' To figure out if there were any `` risk factors '' , I checked to see if any of the following variables were significant in a Cox proportional hazards model :
Age Group ( aka generation in this context )
Gender ( inferred to be constant )
Religion
Geographic Region
The model results are not easy to intuitively show , but I am primarily concerned with the significance of the risk factors here , not their raw values .
It turned out that religion was the only significant factor , and only between a few groups . Specifically , Catholic and non-Catholic , non-Protestant Christians have a slightly lower risk of not believing in Santa over time . Looking at the set of box plots below , it seems that is largely due to a fatter tail , where the median value ( 50/50 cutoff marker ) is not too different , but the values greater than the median are stretched out much longer than the ones before ( i.e. , the top part of the box is a lot bigger than the lower part of the box ) .
Source Code
I have the source code for my analysis on GitHub here . All the responses ( after removing timestamp/order info ) will be released once I finish my article series .
BSP leader Mayawati on Monday indicated at a wide-ranging social alliance in the next Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections and demanded reservation for most of the sections of society , including upper castes .
Participating in “ Commitment to Constitution ” debate in the Rajya Sabha , she wanted reservation for weaker sections in private sector jobs , inclusion of new castes in SC and ST categories with an increase in reservation quota , reservation to Dalits who have converted to Christianity and Islam and reservation for poor among upper castes .
On intolerance
She attacked the BJP for “ destroying communal harmony ” and accused the prime minister of not acting against his ministers and MPs who give controversial statements and are “ putting their entire strength ” in creating “ disharmony ” .
She said that the BJP forced her to resign from the post of chief minister of Uttar Pradesh when she refused to allow it to carry on its “ agenda of Hindutva ” in 2003 .
In order not to lose any point in the war for legacy over B R Ambedkar , the BSP leader accused both the BJP and Congress of ignoring ideals of the icon .
She said the Congress did not support Ambedkar 's entry into the Constituent Assembly and he gained entry from a seat in Bengal .
She also accused the Congress of defeating him in the Lok Sabha elections .
She demanded dismissal of General ( Rtd ) V K Singh for his statement on the Faridabad incident in which a child was burnt to death when a house of a Dalit was torched by upper caste goons . She also demanded Centre 's intervention in the case of transfer of Dalit IPS officer of Haryana .
We 've all heard of the Colosseum , the Great Wall of China , and the Taj Mahal . But what about the world 's undiscovered architectural wonders : the man-made marvels where most crowds do n't stray ?
To uncover a few of those hidden structures , we turned to question-and-answer site Quora , asking “ What are some lesser known architectural landmarks in the world ? ”
Palace of the Parliament , Romania
The world 's largest , most expensive and heaviest civilian administrative building , Bucharest 's Palace of the Parliament is truly an unknown wonder . “ Built by hated communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu… the building is so huge that it is difficult to take a photograph that does its scale justice , ” said Quora user Jann Hoke , a lawyer who worked in the palace in the mid-1990s .
Built in 1984 , the neoclassical building has 12 stories ( with eight additional stories underground ) , and some 3,100 rooms covering 330,000 sqm . The project cost an unprecedented 3.3bn euros , but it also cost the people of Bucharest much of their city . To build the Palace of the Parliament , one-fifth of central Bucharest was razed , including most of its historical districts , more than 30 churches and synagogues and some 30,000 homes .
“ The patterned carpets on the main level , which run through hundreds of yards of wide corridors , were woven inside the building during construction , ” Hoke said . “ Weaving them outside and bringing them in was not feasible due to their sheer size . ”
Great Mosque of Djenne , Mali
Built in 1907 , the Great Mosque of Djenne is the largest mud structure in the world , constructed almost entirely of sun-baked earthen bricks , sand and a mud-based mortar and plaster . It is considered one of the greatest achievements of the Sudano-Sahelian architectural style and was designated a Unesco World Heritage Site in 1988 .
The mosque 's three minarets are decorated with bundles of rodier palm , which double as scaffolding for the annual repairs – a tradition that 's become a local festival in April and May .
“ The brutal North African summers bring out cracks in the mud and weaken it over time , ” said Quora user Abishek Lamba . “ Before the yearly rains that follow , the locals get together and re-coat the entire building with clay from a dried up pond . ”
Derawar Fort , Pakistan
A fortress of monumental proportions , Derawar 's 40 stunning bastions rise from the desert in a striking square formation . Combined , the fort 's walls form a circumference of some 1,500m and stand some 30m high .
“ This is a magnificent structure in the middle of the Cholistan Desert , ” said Quora user Faisal Khan . “ Many people do n't know about the Derawar Fort . Even most Pakistanis do n't know of it . ”
And for good reason : to get to the fortress , visitors must hire a guide with a four-wheel drive vehicle to make the day-long trip from the city of Bahawalpur , Pakistan through the Cholistan Desert to the fort , where special permission from the amir , or local leader , is needed to go inside .
Chand Baori , India
One of the most overlooked landmarks in India , Rajasthan 's Chand Baori is a spectacular square stepwell , 13 storeys deep , with walls lined with scores of double staircases that descend some 30m to the bottom of the well , where a pool of emerald green water awaits .
The mesmerising maze of symmetrical steps “ appears to form a never ending path deep underground , ” said Quora user Vipul Yadav . With its 3,500 steps , Chand Baori is “ one of the deepest and largest of its kind in the world ” .
Built by King Chanda of the Nikumbha Dynasty between 800 and 900 AD , Chand Baori was designed to be as practical as it was pretty . Due to the structure of the well , the bottom of it remains cooler than the surface , critical in the hot , arid landscape of Rajasthan .
Stari Most , Bosnia-Herzegovina
If every great architectural landmark has a story , Bosnia-Herzegovina 's Stari Most has a comeback story .
“ The Old Bridge , or Stari Most as it 's called by locals , was built of 456 blocks of local stone in 1566 by the Ottoman Turkish architect , Mimar Hajrudin , ” said Quora user Haris Custo . “ It was the heart of our city for 427 years . ”
The hump-backed bridge is located in the city of Mostar , where it crosses the Neretva River . At 4m wide , 30m long and 24m high , it is one of the country 's most recognisable landmarks and is one of the finest examples of Islamic architecture in the Balkans .
But in the 1990s , the bridge was destroyed by Bosnian Croat forces during the Bosnian war . After the war , the city – and the bridge – began rebuilding . “ It took almost 10 years to make that idea come to life , and in July of 2004 a new ‘ old bridge ' was open again , ” Custo said .
While the bridge has changed since its reconstruction , one long-time tradition remains : locals still dive off the bridge into the icy waters of the Neretva to show off their bravery and skill .
Great Wall of India
“ We have all heard of the Great Wall of China , but few know that India also has its own Great Wall , which has been long overshadowed by its neighbour to the East , ” said Quora user Ayush Manu .
The Great Wall of India , also referred to as Kumbhalgarh , is the second-longest wall in the world , after the Great Wall of China . Located in Rajasthan , the wall is 4.5m thick in some areas , extends for 36km and has seven fortified gates .
Rana Kumbha , a local ruler , commissioned the wall in 1443 to protect his fort , situated on a hill above .
“ Legend has it that despite several attempts , the wall could not be completed , ” Manu said . “ Finally the king consulted one of his spiritual advisers and was advised that a sacrifice be made , and a volunteer offered his life so that others will be protected . Today , the main gate stands where his body fell and a temple where his severed head came to rest . ”
The wall was enlarged in the 19th Century and now protects more than 360 temples located within its walls , but it remains an unknown treasure to most of the world .
Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque , Iran
Quora user Mona Khatam described the Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque – an architectural masterpiece of Safavid Iranian architecture – as “ a study in harmonious understatement ” .
Located in Naghsh-i Jahan Square in the city of Isfahan , the stunningly elegant mosque was built between 1603 and 1619 during the reign of Shah Abbas I . It is named after the ruler 's father-in-law , Sheikh Lotfollah , a revered Lebanese scholar of Islam .
The mosque is unusual in that it features no minarets or courtyard . “ This was probably because the mosque was never intended for public use , but rather served as the worship place for the women of the shah 's harem , ” Khatam said .
As such , the prayer hall is reached through a long , twisting , underground hallway , and the decoration on the mosque is extraordinarily exquisite .
“ The dome makes extensive use of delicate tiles that change colour throughout the day , from cream to pink , ” said Khatam . “ Inside the sanctuary you can marvel at the complexity of the mosaics that adorn the walls and the extraordinarily beautiful ceiling , with its shrinking , yellow motifs . The shafts of sunlight that filter in through the few high , latticed windows produce a constantly changing interplay of light and shadow . ”
Correction : A previous version of this article incorrectly identified the forces that destroyed Bosnia-Herzegovina 's Stari Most bridge . This has been fixed .
( AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert )
We live in the Age of the High Press . In the last decade , this defensive tactic has spread through world soccer , constantly being tweaked and retooled by the game 's best coaches . From its modern prophet Marcelo Bielsa , to the man who conquered the world by combining the press with possession soccer , Pep Guardiola , to the young German managers Juergen Klopp and Roger Schmidt , it seems every great manager in the modern game has his or her own version . One thing all these coaches agree on , it seems , is that defending high in the opposition half is not merely a tactic to prevent the other side from scoring . It is indeed a core attacking strategy . Klopp has said that his version of the tactic , named gegenpressing , or counter-pressing , is “ the best playmaker in the world . ”
What does it mean that pressing is a form of playmaking ? A great pass creates a new attacking formation . It breaks up the other team 's defensive organization and forces them to respond to a new threat at a new angle . That moment where defensive organization has broken down is the moment when an attack is most dangerous . What Klopp suggests is that while a great passer can create such moments , a high press does the same . By winning the ball back in a dangerous area while the other team is still in its attacking shape , a high pressing team can start its attack with the opposition just as out of sync as they would after being cut open by a perfect pass from Luka Modric .
This is particularly true of successful tackles in the opposition half . Last weekend 's North London Derby offers a good example of how a tackle can be a playmaker . Christian Eriksen stole the ball off Mathieu Flamini about 35 yards out , and two passes last Tottenham had scored . Erik Lamela 's assist was a smartly worked pass , but the successful high press was the only reason it was available .
I have gone through Premier League matches from the last two years to identify all the attacking moves that began with a successful tackle . Even up to 40 to 50 yards from goal , a successful tackle in the central band of the field leads to a shot about twice out of 10 times . Given that only about 2 percent of attacking moves overall lead to shots , that is a huge improvement in expected goals created by a single defensive action .
Tackles in the central zone of the opposition half are only a small subset of tackles . Most take place on the sidelines of the defensive half . One goal of counter-pressing is to force turnovers in more dangerous areas and maximize the number of tackles and other ball-winning actions in these central and forward zones .
Notably , while tackles right around the 18-yard-box lead to shots at higher rates , the decline in the rate of shots is slow . Any tackle in the opposition half has a good chance of creating a quality attacking move . This is particularly striking in comparison to the rate of shots off interceptions and other recoveries . Interceptions or recoveries of incomplete passes right near the goal lead to shots at very high rates , but the rate decays quickly as the location of the turnover moves out .
This makes football sense as well . A player who either intercepts a pass or recovers a loose ball is often entirely unmarked . There is a good chance , if he is 15 to 25 yards out , that he is actually through on goal already . A good example here would be Victor Anichebe 's goal against Liverpool last spring . He collects an errant pass by Kolo Toure about 20 yards out , and he quickly turns to beat Simon Mignolet from just outside the box .
Interceptions and recoveries , then , may produce big chances at higher rates . But further from goal , it seems that the defense has a somewhat easier time of reorganizing itself . I suggest that this is because of the peculiar feature of a tackle . It often eliminates the tackled opposition player from the defense . In the case of the Spurs goal , defensive midfielder Flamini is supposed to be protecting his back line , but he is too far behind the play to catch up once Eriksen has taken the ball . Tackles , then , have the added value of removing an important central defensive player while also creating an opportunity to attack an unprepared defense . This is why tackles continue to produce shots at reasonably high rates further from goal , while they do not lead to shots quite as often in closer areas .
All data provided by Opta unless otherwise noted .
Michael Caley writes for Cartilage Free Captain , where he analyzes fancy soccer statistics and bemoans Tottenham Hotspur 's most recent failures . You can follow him on Twitter at @ MC_of_A .
Love is in the air , love is all around me ... sorry , that 's Love Actually . Either way , it 's Valentine 's Day soon , and Niantic is getting into the spirit of things , with Pokémon GO having its first in-game event of 2017 .
From February 8 to February 15 , players will be able to gain double the amount of Candy while catching , hatching , or dispatching transferring Pokémon , while Buddy Pokémon will be able to find Candy twice as fast as normal for their Trainers . Furthermore , a host of adorable , lovable pink Pokémon , including Chansey , Clefable , and Porygon will have increased spawn rates ( everyone say 'aww ' ) . Meanwhile , Cleffa , Igglybuff , and Smoochum will have a greater chance of hatching from their eggs . Lastly , Trainers can celebrate by releasing Lure Modules which will attract Pokémon for six hours , as opposed to the normal thirty minutes - a sixfold increase .
The events and included bonuses are available now , until February 15 at 11am PST . Pokémon GO , meanwhile is on the Play Store , or we have it at APK Mirror if you 'd prefer the non-Googley approach .
Forced to improvise after an August fire damaged its Old Town theater building , comedy troupe Second City will temporarily relocate its offices to Tribune Tower beginning Nov. 15 .
The 14-month lease for two floors of the historic Michigan Avenue tower will provide an ornate gothic roof over the heads of about 70 Second City employees , while their longtime home is renovated .
`` We 're making the best out of a tough situation , '' Second City CEO and co-owner Andrew Alexander said Wednesday . `` We obviously prefer to be in our building , because it makes it more convenient to have everybody in one place . ''
An extra-alarm blaze on Aug. 26 forced Second City to cancel shows for three weeks . The grease fire , which started below in the first-floor Adobo Grill restaurant , spared the mainstage theater of major damage , requiring only some fresh paint and new carpet before reopening to the public .
A large portion of the administrative offices , however , were gutted in the fire and may take more than a year to renovate . Second City has been renting temporary office space at One South Dearborn , a deal Alexander said would be `` price-prohibitive '' for a year .
Second City moved into the venerable Pipers Alley complex at 1600 N. Wells St. in 1967 . Over the years , some of comedy 's biggest names honed their craft within its walls , including John Belushi , Harold Ramis , Chris Farley , Tina Fey and Stephen Colbert .
An extra-alarm fire destroyed the offices of the Second City theater company in Old Town and injured two firefighters and a civilian Aug. 26 , 2016 , but seemingly spared the theater itself , officials said . The fire started just before 1 p.m. at the three-story yellow limestone building in the 1600 block of North Wells Street , next to the building that houses the theater , according to the Chicago Fire Department .
The fire displaced about 100 employees in Second City 's finance and corporate services departments , Alexander said . While some have since returned to the home office , most will soon take up residence in Tribune Tower .
`` We 're going to bring some laughs to Tribune Tower for a year , '' Alexander said .
Second City will rent 12,000 square feet of space on the 16th and 23rd floors .
Built in 1925 , Tribune Tower sits on 3 acres along Michigan Avenue . Tribune Media , which spun off its publishing division — including the Chicago Tribune , Los Angeles Times and other daily newspapers — in August 2014 , announced earlier this month that it was looking to sell the historic 36-story building for redevelopment .
rchannick @ tribpub.com
Twitter @ RobertChannick
It is technically and economically feasible to run the US economy entirely on renewable energy , and to do so by 2050 . That is the conclusion of a study last year in the journal Energy & Environmental Science , authored by Stanford scholar Mark Z. Jacobson and nine colleagues .
Jacobson is well-known for his ambitious and controversial work on renewable energy . In 2011 he published , with Mark A. Delucchi , a two-part paper ( one , two ) on `` providing all global energy with wind , water , and solar power . '' In 2013 he published a feasibility study on moving New York state entirely to renewables , and in 2014 he created a road map for California to do the same .
His team 's 2015 paper contains 50 such road maps , one for every state , with detailed modeling on how to get to a US energy system entirely powered by wind , water , and solar ( WWS ) . That means no oil and coal . It also means no natural gas , no nuclear power , no carbon capture and sequestration , and no biofuels .
Why exclude those sources ? And what does that do to costs ? More on that in a minute .
The road maps show how 80 to 85 percent of existing energy could be replaced by wind , water , and solar by 2030 , with 100 percent by 2050 . The result is a substantial savings relative to the status quo baseline , in terms of energy costs , health costs , and climate costs alike . The resulting land footprint of energy is manageable , grid reliability is maintained , and more jobs will be created in renewables than destroyed in fossil fuels .
Here 's how it looks :
Sounds pretty great ! So how should we feel about this ?
Remember when I discussed scenarios that showed humanity limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius ? I made a point of saying that the scenarios demonstrated technical and economic feasibility , but represented enormous , heroic assumptions about social and political change . ( Which is another way of saying that purely as a matter of laying odds , they were unlikely . )
Well , the same goes here . No one can say any longer , at least not without argument , that moving the US quickly and entirely to renewables is impossible . Here is a way to do it , mapped out in some detail . But it is extremely ambitious . Let 's take a look at some of what 's required .
Electrify everything
The core of the plan is to electrify everything , including sectors that currently run partially or entirely on liquid fossil fuels . That means shifting transportation , heating/cooling , and industry to run on electric power .
Electrifying everything produces an enormous drop in projected demand , since the energy-to-work conversion of electric motors is much more efficient than combustion motors , which lose a ton of energy to heat . So the amount of energy necessary to meet projected demand drops by a third just from the conversion . With some additional , relatively modest efficiency measures , total demand relative to BAU drops 39.3 percent . That 's a much lower target for WWS to meet .
Switching from liquid fuels to renewable electricity would also virtually eliminate air pollution , thus avoiding health costs to the tune of $ 600 billion a year by 2050 . Meanwhile , moving everything to carbon-free electricity would avoid about $ 3.3 trillion a year in global climate change costs of US emissions by 2050 . Estimating health and climate damages is notoriously difficult , of course , involving a number of assumptions about discount rates , the value of human lives , and second-order effects of better health . These figures are averages drawn from very wide ranges of estimates .
Still , the potential health and climate gains of a WWS-based system are one of the big stories here : they are enormous , enough that in and of themselves they `` pay for '' a clean-energy transition .
So how could the economy be electrified on this ambitious timeline ? Brace yourself :
Heating , drying , and cooking in the residential and commercial sectors : by 2020 , all new devices and machines are powered by electricity . ... Large-scale waterborne freight transport : by 2020–2025 , all new ships are electrified and/or use electrolytic hydrogen , all new port operations are electrified , and port retro- electrification is well underway . ... Rail and bus transport : by 2025 , all new trains and buses are electrified . ... Off-road transport , small-scale marine : by 2025 to 2030 , all new production is electrified . ... Heavy-duty truck transport : by 2025 to 2030 , all new vehicles are electrified or use electrolytic hydrogen . ... Light-duty on-road transport : by 2025–2030 , all new vehicles are electrified . ... Short-haul aircraft : by 2035 , all new small , short-range planes are battery- or electrolytic-hydrogen powered . ... Long-haul aircraft : by 2040 , all remaining new aircraft are electrolytic cryogenic hydrogen ... with electricity power for idling , taxiing , and internal power . ...
Like I said : ambitious .
Build lots and lots ( and lots ) of new power plants
Here 's what the paper says :
Power plants : by 2020 , no more construction of new coal , nuclear , natural gas , or biomass fired power plants ; all new power plants built are WWS .
One of the big challenges here is that wind and solar power plants have a much lower `` capacity factor '' than plants that run on fuel . A fuel-based plant can run around the clock ( with breaks for maintenance ) , while wind and solar plants produce energy only when the wind is blowing or sun is shining . Although a nuclear plant and a wind farm might have the same `` nameplate capacity '' of 1 gigawatt , you 'd actually need three or four wind farms that size to produce the same number of MWh as the nuclear plant . ( EIA info on US capacity factors here ; nuclear is highest , producing around 90 percent of the time , while solar PV is lowest , at around 20 percent . )
The upshot of this is that to meet most energy demand with wind and solar , you have to radically overbuild electrical generation capacity . To wit : the authors estimate that total US energy demand in 2050 will average 2.6 terawatts . To produce that much energy , they propose building power plants with a total of 6.5 TW of capacity . By way of comparison , the US currently has about 1.2 TW of installed electric generation capacity , so this plan would involve expanding generation capacity fivefold in 35 years .
Here 's what that would require :
... 328,000 new onshore 5 MW wind turbines ( providing 30.9 % of U.S. energy for all purposes ) , 156,200 off-shore 5 MW wind turbines ( 19.1 % ) , 46,480 50 MW new utility-scale solar-PV power plants ( 30.7 % ) , 2,273 100 MW utility-scale CSP power plants ( 7.3 % ) , 75.2 million 5 kW residential rooftop PV systems ( 3.98 % ) , 2.75 million 100 kW commercial/government rooftop systems ( 3.2 % ) , 208 100 MW geothermal plants ( 1.23 % ) , 36,050 0.75 MW wave devices ( 0.37 % ) , 8,800 1 MW tidal turbines ( 0.14 % ) , and 3 new hydroelectric power plants ( all in Alaska ) .
That will meet average demand . Then you need 1,364 additional new CSP plants and 9,380 50 MW solar-thermal collection systems ( `` for heat storage in soil '' ) `` to produce peaking power , to account for additional loads due to losses in and out of storage , and to ensure reliability of the grid . ''
`` This , '' the authors note , `` is just one possible mix of generators . '' But no matter what mix you pick , if you 're confining yourself to WWS , you 're going to be building a huge amount of generation capacity .
Would this power be reliable ?
One common criticism of renewables is that because they are variable , they are not reliable . There will be times , critics say , when there 's no sun shining and no wind blowing . Then we 'll all be shivering in the dark !
Jacobson and colleagues , however , say that the grid they propose will be not only reliable , but more reliable than today 's grid . They 've got a detailed grid modeling and reliability study coming soon that makes the case in more detail , but the short story is that reliability is assured through three measures .
First , there 's some nonvariable generation involved , namely hydro , geothermal , and CSP with storage . Those sources are `` always on '' and can be ramped up and down to `` firm '' variable power .
Second , there 's energy storage . Interestingly , the authors mostly eschew stationary batteries , which they dismiss as too expensive ( though they include electric vehicle batteries ) . Instead they prioritize `` storage for excess heat ( in soil and water ) and electricity ( in ice , water , phase-change materials tied to CSP , pumped hydro , and hydrogen ) . ''
Third , there 's `` demand response , '' which refers to shifting energy demand to times of high production and away from times of low production .
There 's also a concern about frequency regulation on the grid , which is too nerdy to get deep into , but :
Frequency regulation of the grid is proposed to be provided by ramping up/down hydroelectric , stored CSP or pumped hydro ; ramping down other WWS generators and storing the electricity in heat , cold , or hydrogen instead of curtailment ; and using demand response .
How to get there from here
What sorts of policies could produce these enormous shifts in energy technology and practice ? Helpfully , the authors list a few . And by `` a few , '' I mean 28 . Here are the recommendations just for the transportation sector :
* Promote more public transit by increasing its availability and providing compensation to commuters for not purchasing parking passes . * Increase safe biking and walking infrastructure , such as 5 dedicated bike lanes , sidewalks , crosswalks , timed walk signals , etc . * Adopt legislation mandating BEVs [ battery-electric vehicles ] for short- and medium-distance government transportation and use incentives and rebates to encourage the transition of commercial and personal vehicles to BEVS . * Use incentives or mandates to stimulate the growth of fleets of electric and/or hydrogen fuel cell/electric hybrid buses starting with a few and gradually growing the fleets . Electric or hydrogen fuel cell ferries , riverboats , and other local shipping should be incentivized as well . * Ease the permitting process for the installation of electric charging stations in public parking lots , hotels , suburban metro stations , on streets , and in residential and commercial garages . * Set up time-of-use electricity rates to encourage charging at night . * Incentivize the electrification of freight rail and shift freight from trucks to rail .
These recommendations — indeed , all 28 — would require coordinated action from Congress , federal agencies , state legislatures , and local officials . Together , they represent an unprecedented level of government activism , a skein of incentives , mandates , standards , and laws unmatched in US history .
Much of that government activism is scheduled for the next five to 10 years , while Republicans , who fervently oppose nearly every one of these goals , are expected to control the House of Representative and well over half of the 50 state legislatures .
Is that realistic ?
Uh , no . No it is n't . The authors inadvertently give away the game :
We do not believe a technical or economic barrier exists to ramping up production of WWS technologies , as history suggests that rapid ramp-ups of production can occur given strong enough political will . For example during World War II , aircraft production increased from nearly zero to 330,000 over five years .
The phrase `` given strong enough political will '' is open-ended enough to allow virtually anything through . But what would create this political will , equal to what gripped the US in the wake of the Pearl Harbor attack ? The authors do n't say much about it , other than a hopeful note at the end that their quantification of the benefits of such a transition `` should reduce social and political barriers to implementing the roadmaps . ''
Hm . Maybe a paper can help kick-start a WWII-scale mobilization . But it 's probably going to take a whole lot more than that .
Is it wise ?
This is , in many ways , the more interesting question . Assuming we could conjure up the political will for this kind of wholesale transformation to WWS ... would we want to ?
The authors make the case that the resultant total-system costs would be lower than the business-as-usual scenario . Which is great , since BAU sucks , as most everyone agrees ( except the people profiting from BAU ) . What they do n't try to show is that the resultant system is the optimal system , i.e. , the optimal balance of costs and benefits .
Insisting on 100 percent WWS — excluding nuclear , biomass , cogeneration , natural gas , etc . — almost certainly raises the total-system costs relative to a broader portfolio of low-carbon options . Just a little bit of nuclear or biomass power , for instance , would reduce the amount of power-plant overbuild necessary .
Lots of people are extremely skeptical of Jacobson 's work for just this reason . They say , Why not accept a little bit of asthma , or some nuclear waste , in exchange for a cheaper system ?
But I think that misses the point . Jacobson has set out to create a benchmark : this is what we could do if we aimed to create an entirely sustainable , pollution-free energy system . After all , the cost-benefit trade-offs of less sustainable systems almost always mean higher benefits for the already privileged and more costs for the already less privileged .
Jacobson 's approach is more like political philosopher John Rawls 's famous `` veil of ignorance '' approach . What kind of power system would you choose for society if you had no idea where you might be placed in that society ? If you did n't know whether you 'd be rich or poor , living in a gated suburb or right next to a power plant or waste dump ? You 'd probably design a system that is equitable and healthy for everyone .
That 's our highest aspiration , and the one Jacobson 's work speaks to . Whether we pursue our highest aspirations is up to us .
Fine Gael urges OAPs now residing in Ireland , but who worked in the UK for most of their lives , to claim winter allowance
The Treasury may have to pay out winter fuel allowances to more than 130,000 Irish pensioners even though they now live in the Republic .
A member of the Dáil from the ruling Fine Gael party is urging Irish OAPs who spent a lifetime of work in the UK to take up Britain 's winter fuel payment allowance , worth up to €350 ( £304 ) a year .
This follows a recent ruling by the European court of justice , which ruled that the scheme must be extended to people who worked all their lives in the UK but did not avail themselves of the allowance when living there .
The Fine Gael MP for Roscommon/South Leitrim , Frank Feighan , said on Sunday : `` There are 131,000 Irish pensioners who are eligible for the UK 's winter fuel payment and many of them are not aware of this . The tax-free annual payment ranges between £100 and £300 sterling and I would urge pensioners who spent their lives working in the UK to investigate whether they are eligible for this payment .
`` Up to last year , these monies were only paid to Irish people who essentially transferred their winter fuel payments from the UK to Ireland .
`` However , following a ruling by the European court of justice in 2012 , the qualifying criteria can now be extended to returned Irish people who worked all their lives in the UK but did not avail of the allowance when living there .
`` Since 2002 , the UK 's Department for Work and Pensions has paid out more than €9.5m [ £8.2m ] under this scheme to Irish people who returned to these shores after living and working all their lives in the UK . As a result of the European court of justice ruling , many more people can avail of this .
`` To be eligible for this fuel payment , the only requirement is that a claimant was born on or before 5 July 1951 and have a 'genuine and sufficient link ' with the UK . Having a British pension is not a strict qualifying factor but of course , it will be of enormous help when applying . Undoubtedly , many Irish people can easily prove they have lived or worked in the UK for most of their working lives . ''
Maneka Gandhi said she has recommended that the Home Ministry must create a department to deal with online attacks against women .
Highlights 'Viciousness ' against women on net unacceptable : Women Rights ' Minister Want Home Ministry to have special team to deal with this : Maneka Gandhi Online attacks on women will be considered violence : minister to NDTV
At a time when women journalists and others are complaining about prolific and misogynistic online abuse , union minister Maneka Gandhi has said that the government 's new agenda for women 's rights and equality looks `` very strongly '' at how to fight `` viciousness against women on the net '' which , she said , must be treated at par with violence.Speaking exclusively to NDTV , Mrs Gandhi , who heads the Women and Child Development Ministry , said that she has recommended that the Home Ministry create a department to deal with online attacks against women.Mrs Gandhi , whose proposal on women 's rights is the first government plan of its type in 15 years , said an example of the online character assassination of women lies in matrimonial ads . Women who place these or are featured in them , she said , are targeted `` with dirty calls '' late at night , and are harassed and stalked.Divorcees , she said , would get calls asking them `` to prove that they are sexually fine '' .The minister said that initially , the companies that run these matrimonial online services had refused to cooperate , and it took the efforts of the Telecom Ministry and others to force them to protect women and to reveal details of abusers.Mrs Gandhi also said that she has been misquoted earlier on marital rape . An answer furnished to Parliament on her behalf while she was abroad showed her using Indian societal values to argue against making marital rape a crime . Mrs Gandhi said that remark was not hers , and she has ensured Parliament records have been corrected . `` Marital rape happens and is far more common than we would like to admit , '' she told NDTV . `` But what can a government do about it ? There is already an act against sexual violence against women . Nobody in India has ever complained of marital rape and nobody will - until the marriage is over . There are no recorded complaints . How can government enable a solution for a problem that technically does n't exist ? ''
Ever wondered which popular musician is the most potty-mouthed . Let 's find out with an analysis of their lyrics from Musixmatch . Genres studied Eight popular genres were chosen for simplifying the analysis . For each genre , the most googled artists were selected and the lyrics of their studio-albums were considered for analysis . This leads to the following dataset . Data overview The lyrics in the dataset were scanned for the frequency of occurrence of each swear word from this list . The creation of this list was explained previously . Overall swear word usage An average of 0.66 % of all words in lyrics of these artists are swear words . 1 in every 152 words is a swear word . This is higher than the percentage of profanities in everyday speech ( which is around 0.5 % ) 1 . Overall stats This percentage is higher than the frequency of swear words in lyrics in general , as observed in our previous study . This is because of the higher concentration of hiphop artists in this dataset as compared to the other one .
Profanity usage by popular artists The usage of profanity in lyrics can be studied by total count and by frequency of swear words . Hip-Hop artists dominate both of these categories ( d'oh ) . Overall , the most used swear words are nigga/s/z , shit , fuck and bitch . Highest swear word count in lyrics Amongst the 361 artists studied , Lil Wayne has the highest count of swear words in his lyrics . He is followed closely by Tupac Shakur , Snoop Dogg , Busta Rhymes and T.I . This analysis is skewed by artists who have released more albums but the next metric tries to counter this . Most frequent use of swear words Chief Keef uses swear words most frequently amongst the 361 artists studied . There is 1 profanity for every 20 words in his lyrics . He is followed by Dr. Dre , N.W.A . ( Dr. Dre is a member ) , ASAP Rocky and Young Thug . Heavy Metal is the second most profane genre . Korn , Slipknot and Children of Bodom use profanity most frequently . Electronic music Despite being mostly instrumental Electronic artists seem to pack a lot of swear words in their music . Diplo leads the rankings here followed by DeadMau5 and Hardwell . ( There was an error earlier where Ryuichi Sakamoto was # 2 in this list but it has been fixed now . ) Rock There is a marked decrease in the profanity frequency of the rest of the genres as compared to Hip-Hop , Heavy Metal and Electronic . Amongst the rock artists , Green Day and Red Hot Chili Peppers use profanity most frequently . The most used swear words are different for both . Pop Pop lyrics are known for their wide appeal and use very few swear words . Amongst the most searched pop artists , Charli XCX uses most profanity followed by Tove Lo and Mark Ronson . Indie Rock The Neighbourhood is band using most profanity amongst the Indie rockers . They are followed by Modest Mouse and Kings of Leon . The most commonly used swear word is shit followed by fuck . Folk There is a marked decrease in the usage of profanity in Folk and Country as compared to the above genres . Loudon Wainwright III and Joni Mitchell use swear words most frequently . Country Country is the least profane genre amongst the 8 popular genres studied . Justin Moore uses swear words most frequently followed by Eric Church and Miranda Lambert . The most commonly used swear words are ass , coon , shit and bitch .
Diagram of the NERVA nuclear rocket engine
The Nuclear Engine for Rocket Vehicle Application ( NERVA ) was a U.S. nuclear thermal rocket engine development program that ran for roughly two decades . NERVA was a joint effort of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) and NASA , managed by the Space Nuclear Propulsion Office ( SNPO ) until both the program and the office ended at the end of 1972 .
NERVA demonstrated that nuclear thermal rocket engines were a feasible and reliable tool for space exploration , and at the end of 1968 SNPO certified that the latest NERVA engine , the NRX/XE , met the requirements for a human mission to Mars . Although NERVA engines were built and tested as much as possible with flight-certified components and the engine was deemed ready for integration into a spacecraft , much of the U.S. space program was cancelled by Congress before a manned mission to Mars could take place .
NERVA was considered by the AEC , SNPO and NASA to be a highly successful program ; it met or exceeded its program goals . Its principal objective was to `` establish a technology base for nuclear rocket engine systems to be utilized in the design and development of propulsion systems for space mission application '' . [ 1 ] Virtually all space mission plans that use nuclear thermal rockets use derivative designs from the NERVA NRX or Pewee .
History [ edit ]
Project Rover [ edit ]
Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory began researching nuclear rockets in 1952 , accelerating into Project Rover in 1955 when the deputy director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , Herbert York , postulated a way to shrink reactor weights considerably . By 1961 , after unexpectedly fast-paced progress on the part of Project Rover , NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center began to use nuclear thermal rockets in their mission plans . Marshall planned to use a nuclear-powered rocket from Los Alamos to power a RIFT ( Reactor-In-Flight-Test ) nuclear stage to be launched as early as 1964 , and the need for planning and oversight led to the formation of the Space Nuclear Propulsion Office . SNPO was formed so that the AEC and NASA could work together , and H . B . `` Harry '' Finger was selected as its first director . Finger made a decision to delay RIFT , and he defined strict objectives for nuclear rocket engines to achieve before RIFT would be allowed . [ citation needed ]
NERVA engine development [ edit ]
Finger then immediately selected Aerojet and Westinghouse to develop the NERVA engine . [ 2 ] SNPO would depend on what was then known as Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory to supply technology for NERVA rocket engines as part of Project Rover . SNPO chose the original 825 second 330 kilonewtons ( 75,000 lbf ) KIWI-B4 nuclear thermal rocket design , named after the Kiwi , a flightless bird native to New Zealand , as the baseline for the NERVA NRX ( Nuclear Rocket Experimental ) . Phase 2 of Project Rover became called Phoebus , and Phase 3 was known as Pewee , demonstrating much higher power ( 4000 MW ) , power density and long-lived fuels , but these programs did not make their way to NERVA . Working NERVA designs ( termed NERVA NRX ) were based on KIWI ; by the time Pewee started testing , the Apollo program had largely been defunded by the 93rd United States Congress . Plans to send humans to Mars had been indefinitely delayed .
Flow diagram for NERVA engine
Almost all of the NERVA research , design and fabrication was done at Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory . Testing was done at a large installation specially built by SNPO on the Nevada Test Site . Although Los Alamos tested several KIWI and Phoebus engines during the 1960s , testing of NASA 's NERVA NRX/EST ( Engine System Test ) contractor engine did n't begin until February 1966 . The objectives were :
Demonstrate the feasibility of starting and restarting the engine without an external power source . Evaluate the control system characteristics ( stability and control mode ) during startup , shutdown , cooldown and restart for a variety of initial conditions . Investigate the system stability over a broad operating range . Investigate the endurance capability of the engine components , especially the reactor , during transient and steady state operation with multiple restarts .
All test objectives were successfully accomplished , and the first NERVA NRX operated for nearly 2 hours , including 28 minutes at full power . It exceeded the operating time of previous KIWI reactors by nearly a factor of two . [ 1 ]
NERVA control room
NERVA engine test
NERVA XE [ edit ]
The second NERVA engine , the NERVA XE , was designed to come as close as possible to a complete flight system , even to the point of using a flight-design turbopump . Components that would not affect system performance were allowed to be selected from what was available at Jackass Flats , Nevada to save money and time , and a radiation shield was added to protect external components . The engine was reoriented to fire downward into a reduced-pressure compartment to partially simulate firing in a vacuum .
The NERVA NRX/EST engine test objectives now included :
Demonstrating engine system operational feasibility Showing that no enabling technology issues remained as a barrier to flight engine development . Demonstrating completely automatic engine startup .
The objectives also included testing the use of the new facility at Jackass Flats for flight engine qualification and acceptance . [ 3 ] Total run time was 115 minutes , including 28 starts . NASA and SNPO felt that the test `` confirmed that a nuclear rocket engine was suitable for space flight application and was able to operate at a specific impulse twice that of chemical rocket system [ s ] . `` [ 1 ] The engine was deemed adequate for Mars missions being planned by NASA . The facility was also deemed adequate for flight qualification and acceptance of rocket engines from the two contractors .
Loss of political support and cancellation [ edit ]
The Rover/NERVA program accumulated 17 hours of operating time with 6 hours above 2000 K. Although the engine , turbine and liquid hydrogen tank were never physically assembled together , the NERVA was deemed ready to design into a working vehicle by NASA , creating a small political crisis in Congress because of the danger a Mars exploration program presented to the national budget . Clinton P. Anderson , the New Mexico senator who had protected the program , had become severely ill. Lyndon B. Johnson , another powerful advocate of human space exploration , had decided not to run for a second term and was considerably weakened . NASA program funding was somewhat reduced by Congress for the 1969 budget , shutting down the Saturn rocket production line and cancelling Apollo missions after Apollo 17 . Without the Saturn S-N rocket to carry the NERVA to orbit , Los Alamos continued the Rover Program for a few more years with Pewee and the Nuclear Furnace , but it was disbanded by 1972 .
The most serious injury during testing was a hydrogen explosion in which two employees sustained foot and ear drum injuries . At one point in 1965 , during a test at Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory , the liquid hydrogen storage at Test Cell # 2 was intentionally allowed to run dry ; the core overheated and was ejected on to the floor of the Nevada desert . Test Site personnel waited 3 weeks and then walked out and collected the pieces without mishap . The nuclear waste from the damaged core was spread across the desert and was collected by an Army group as a decontamination exercise .
An engine of this type is on outdoor display on the grounds of the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville Alabama .
In the space program [ edit ]
NASA plans for NERVA included a visit to Mars by 1978 and a permanent lunar base by 1981 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] NERVA rockets would be used for nuclear `` tugs '' designed to take payloads from Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) to larger orbits as a component of the later-named Space Transportation System , resupply several space stations in various orbits around the Earth and Moon , and support a permanent lunar base . The NERVA rocket would also be a nuclear-powered upper stage for the Saturn rocket ( the Saturn S-N ) , which would allow the upgraded Saturn to launch much larger payloads of up to 340,000 lb ( 150,000 kg ) to LEO . [ 6 ]
NERVA rockets had progressed rapidly to the point where they could run for hours , limited in run time by the size of the liquid hydrogen propellant tanks at the Jackass Flats test site . They also climbed in power density . The larger NERVA I rocket gradually gave way to the smaller NERVA II rocket in mission plans as efficiency increased and thrust-to-weight ratios grew , and the KIWI gradually gave way at Los Alamos to the smaller Pewee and Pewee 2 as funding was cut to lower and lower levels by Congress .
Pewee 2 test stand
The RIFT vehicle consisted of a Saturn S-IC first stage , an SII stage and an S-N ( Saturn-Nuclear ) third stage . The Space Nuclear Propulsion Office planned to build ten RIFT vehicles , six for ground tests and four for flight tests , but RIFT was delayed after 1966 as NERVA became a political proxy in the debate over a Mars mission . The nuclear Saturn C-5N would carry two to three times more payload into space than the chemical version , enough to easily loft 340,000 pound space stations and replenish orbital propellant depots . Wernher von Braun also proposed a manned Mars mission using NERVA and a spinning donut-shaped spacecraft to simulate gravity . Many of the NASA plans for Mars in the 1960s and early 1970s used the NERVA rocket specifically , see list of manned Mars mission plans in the 20th century .
The Mars mission became NERVA 's downfall . [ 7 ] Members of Congress in both political parties judged that a manned mission to Mars would be a tacit commitment for the United States to decades more of the expensive Space Race . Manned Mars missions were enabled by nuclear rockets ; therefore , if NERVA could be discontinued the Space Race might wind down and the budget would be saved . Each year the RIFT was delayed and the goals for NERVA were set higher . Ultimately , RIFT was never authorized , and although NERVA had many successful tests and powerful Congressional backing , it never left the ground .
Succession [ edit ]
For the Space Launch System vehicle currently under development , an additional beyond-LEO engine for interplanetary travel from Earth orbit to Mars orbit , and back , is being studied as of 2013 at Marshall Space Flight Center with a focus on nuclear thermal rocket ( NTR ) engines . [ 8 ] In historical ground testing , NTRs proved to be at least twice as efficient as the most advanced chemical engines , allowing quicker transfer time and increased cargo capacity . The shorter flight duration , estimated at 3–4 months with NTR engines , [ 9 ] compared to 8–9 months using chemical engines , [ 10 ] would reduce crew exposure to potentially harmful and difficult to shield cosmic rays . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] NTR engines , such as the Pewee of Project Rover , were selected in the Mars Design Reference Architecture ( DRA ) . [ 12 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
NERVA rocket stage specifications [ edit ]
Diameter : 10.55 meters ( 34.6 ft )
Length : 43.69 meters ( 143.3 ft )
Mass empty : 34,019 kilograms ( 74,999 lb )
Mass full : 178,321 kilograms ( 393,131 lb )
Thrust ( vacuum ) : 333.6 kN ( 75,000 lbf )
ISP ( vacuum ) : 850 seconds ( 8.3 km/s )
ISP ( sea level ) : 380 seconds ( 3.7 km/s )
Burn Time : 1,200 s
Propellants : LH 2
Engines : 1 Nerva-2
See also [ edit ]
At Least 6,700 Myanmar Rohingya Killed In Single Month , Aid Group Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Allison Joyce/Getty Images Allison Joyce/Getty Images
At least 6,700 Rohingya Muslims were killed in what has been described as `` ethnic cleansing '' in Myanmar 's Rakhine state over a one-month period between August and September , according to the international aid group Doctors Without Borders .
The group , known by its French acronym MSF , conducted field studies to determine the number of people killed in the period Aug. 25 , when a brutal crackdown by Myanmar 's military began , and Sept. 24 . Myanmar 's widely disbelieved official count for the same period is just 400 . Hundreds of thousands of refugees have streamed into neighboring Bangladesh since the violence began .
MSF 's number includes at least 730 children under the age of five .
Myanmar has disputed the claims of ethnic cleansing , which include accusations of mass rape .
`` The numbers of deaths are likely to be an underestimation , as we have not surveyed all refugee settlements in Bangladesh and because the surveys do n't account for the families who never made it out of Myanmar , '' Dr. Sidney Wong , MSF 's medical director , was quoted by The Guardian as saying .
Wong said the majority of those killed were shot , others were either burned or beaten to death .
`` We heard reports of entire families who perished after they were locked inside their homes , while they were set alight , '' Wong said .
International estimates place the number of Rohingya who have fled Myanmar since August at nearly 650,000 – most arriving in Bangladesh , where they have are housed in massive refugee camps .
`` [ Those ] who do manage to cross the border still report being subject to violence in recent weeks , '' Wong said .
As Michael Sullivan has reported for NPR , following the crackdown , witnesses and survivors report a systematic campaign of rape in addition to murder .
Michael reports : `` Myanmar 's government does n't consider the Rohingya to be citizens ; it says they are immigrants from Bangladesh who are living in Myanmar illegally . [ The ] Rohingya live in Rakhine state ... are almost entirely disenfranchised and need permission , for instance , to travel outside their own villages or to marry . Many are restricted to living in internment camps , segregated from the local Buddhist population . ''
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is an outspoken opponent of legalization . In July , he told residents of legal states to enjoy their recreational cannabis while they can because he plans to enforce federal anti-cannabis laws in all 50 states if elected president in 2016 .
He may also present a major roadblock in the movement to change cannabis from a Schedule I to a Schedule II drug so that it can be tested and prescribed more by researchers and physicians .
At a campaign event in Iowa Oct. 21 , Christie had an argument with Shelley Van Winkle , a nurse and veteran of the First Gulf War . He told her the president ca n't reschedule cannabis ; only an act of congress can .
Here 's the full exchange :
Does congress alone hold the power to change cannabis laws ?
No , according to former Attorney General Eric Holder , who spoke on the issue with a Huffington Post reporter during the 2012 White House Correspondent 's Dinner . The reporter mentioned an April 2012 Rolling Stone interview with Jann Wenner and Barack Obama , in which the president shared sentiments on rescheduling similar to Christie 's stance :
`` I ca n't nullify congressional law . I ca n't ask the Justice Department to say , 'Ignore completely a federal law that 's on the books . ' What I can say is , 'Use your prosecutorial discretion and properly prioritize your resources to go after things that are really doing folks damage . ' As a consequence , there have n't been prosecutions of users of marijuana for medical purposes . ''
Attorney General Holder told The Huffington Post Obama 's comments were misleading because the president has the executive authority to tell the Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) to remove marijuana from Schedule I categorization , and therefore recognize its medical use .
The DEA is responsible for the drug scheduling system . Organizations can petition the DEA to reschedule marijuana . But so far it has resisted these calls , and the DEA 's acting administrator , Chuck Rosenberg , does n't plan to change the organization 's position on cannabis .
However , the president can order the rescheduling , according to Holder . He also has the authority to dismiss the head of the DEA and appoint a replacement more open to the idea .
'The Rebuttal ' is a regular feature that takes the statements of politicians and tests them against the facts at hand . Do you have suggestions for statements we should fact-check . Leave a comment below . Twitter : @ civilized_life . Facebook : Civilized
h/t Huffington Post , Politico , Think Progress , Rolling Stone
Is terrorism against Israel really more justified than terrorism against Norway ?
In a recent interview , Norway 's Ambassador to Israel has suggested that Hamas terrorism against Israel is more justified than the recent terrorist attack against Norway . His reasoning is that , `` We Norwegians consider the occupation to be the cause of the terror against Israel . '' In other words terrorism against Israeli citizens is the fault of Israel . The terrorism against Norway , on the other hand , was based on `` an ideology that said that Norway , particularly the Labor Party , is foregoing Norwegian culture . '' It is hard to imagine that he would make such a provocative statement without express approval from the Norwegian government .
I ca n't remember many other examples of so much nonsense compressed in such short an interview . First of all , terrorism against Israel began well before there was any `` occupation '' . The first major terrorist attack against Jews who had long lived in Jerusalem and Hebron began in 1929 , when the leader of the Palestinian people , the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem , ordered a religiously-motivated terrorist attack that killed hundreds of religious Jews-many old , some quite young . Terrorism against Jews continued through the 1930s . Once Israel was established as a state , but well before it captured the West Bank , terrorism became the primary means of attacking Israel across the Jordanian , Egyptian and Lebanese borders . If the occupation is the cause of the terror against Israel , what was the cause of all the terror that preceded any occupation ?
Norway is the most anti-Semitic and anti-Israel country in Europe today .
I was not surprised to hear such ahistorical bigotry from a Norwegian Ambassador . Norway is the most anti-Semitic and anti-Israel country in Europe today . I know , because I experienced both personally during a recent visit and tour of universities . No university would invite me to lecture , unless I promised not to discuss Israel . Norway forbids Jewish ritual slaughter , but not Islamic ritual slaughter . Its political and academic leaders openly make statements that cross the line from anti-Zionism to anti-Semitism , such as when Norway 's former Prime Minister condemned Barak Obama for appointing a Jew as his Chief of Staff . No other European leader would make such a statement and get away with it . In Norway , this bigoted statement was praised , as were similar statements made by a leading academic .
The very camp that was attacked by the lone terrorist was engaged in an orgy of anti-Israel hatred the day before the shooting . Yet I would not ever claim that it was Norway 's anti-Semitism that `` caused '' the horrible act of terrorism against young Norwegians .
The causes of terrorism are multifaceted but at bottom they have a common cause : namely a belief that violence is the proper response to policies that the terrorists disagree with . The other common cause is that terrorism has often been rewarded . Norway , for example , has repeatedly rewarded Palestinian terrorism against Israel , while punishing Israel for its efforts to protect its civilians . While purporting to condemn all terrorist acts , the Norwegian government has sought to justify Palestinian terrorism as having a legitimate cause . This clearly is an invitation to continued terrorism .
It is important for the world never to reward terrorism by supporting the policies of those who employ it as an alternative to reason discourse , diplomatic resolution or political compromise .
I know of no reasonable person who has tried to justify the terrorist attacks against Norway . Yet there are many Norwegians who not only justify terrorist attacks against Israel , but praise them , support them , help finance them , and legitimate them .
The world must unite in condemning all terror attacks , regardless of the motive .
The world must unite in condemning and punishing all terrorist attacks against innocent civilians , regardless of the motive or purported cause of the terrorism . Norway , as a nation , has failed to do this . It wants us all to condemn the terrorist attack on its civilians , and we should all do that , but it refuses to live by a single standard .
Nothing good ever comes from terrorism , so do n't expect the Norwegians to learn any lessons from its own victimization . As the Ambassador made clear in his benighted interview , `` those of us who believe [ the occupation to be the cause of the terror against Israel ] will not change their minds because of the attack in Oslo . '' In other words , they will persist in their bigoted view that Israel is the cause of the terrorism directed at it , and that if only Israel were to end the occupation ( as it offered to do in 2000-2001 and again in 2007 ) , the terrorism will end . Even Hamas , which Norway supports in many ways , has made clear that it will not end its terrorism as long as Israel continues to exist . Hamas believes that Israel 's very existence is the cause of the terrorism against it . That sounds a lot like the ranting of the man who engaged in the act of terrorism against Norway .
The time is long overdue for Norwegians to do some deep soul searching about their sordid history of complicity with all forms of bigotry ranging from the anti-Semitic Nazis to the anti-Semitic Hamas . There seems to be a common thread .
Oregon Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum ( D ) .
Attorneys with the Oregon Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration Wednesday over the president 's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
Filings submitted in federal court in New York City make Oregon one party among 15 other states and their attorneys general to jointly file the lawsuit , said Oregon Department of Justice spokeswoman Kristina Edmunson .
They argue that ending the DACA program is `` fundamentally unfair '' and violates the due process rights of Mexicans enrolled in the Obama-era program . They also include a section in the suit outlining President Trump 's incendiary remarks about Mexicans .
`` As President Trump 's statements about Mexico and those with Mexican roots show , the President has demonstrated a willingness to disparage Mexicans in a misguided attempt to secure support from his constituency , even when such impulses are impermissible motives for directing governmental policy , '' the attorneys general said .
The DACA program , which allows people brought into the U.S. illegally as children to obtain renewable deportation reprieves , will end in six months , the administration announced Tuesday .
More than 11,000 in Oregon and 800,000 nationwide are enrolled in the program .
The lawsuit makes good on threats of legal action from Ellen Rosenblum , the Oregon attorney general . Rosenblum , a Democrat , spoke in defense of the program at a Portland rally Tuesday , and warned of the possibility of a lawsuit .
-- Gordon R. Friedman
503-221-8209 ; @ GordonRFriedman
An endangered snow leopard that had retreated up a tree near a village was shot by some of the residents who claimed self-defense . The wild cat was said by a villager to have remained in the tree for eight hours .
The location was the remote town of Rawalkot in Azad Kashmir .
Initially villagers noticed the snow leopard near settled areas and contacted a local official who told them to scare it away with firecrackers . They killed it instead . Their defense for the cat 's death was protecting
human life , however no verified attack on a human by a snow leopard has ever taken place , according to the Snow Leopard Trust . Snow leopards are known to be very wary of humans and remain far away in mountainous areas . They only time they may be aggressive is when they have cubs and people are getting to close to them . Snow leopards reportedly will not even defend an animal they have killed and are eating , if humans approach . Snow leopards have been said to be the least aggressive of the large cats .
So it seems more likely the villagers were the aggressors and merely used self-defense as a justification for their behavior . The fact they skinned and dressed the cat and distributed its meat throughout the village suggests they may have had an ulterior motive . Last year another snow leopard was also shot and killed in the same area . Another clue the main motivation was not self-defense is a local superstition consuming snow leopard is beneficial for treatment of orthopedic diseases . This kind of irrational belief is also
driving the illegal trade in wildlife ( tiger body parts and rhino horns ) putting species on the verge of extinction . The mere fact such a belief exists suggests strongly there has been a historical practice of killing snow leopards to eat them .
The Snow Leopard Conservancy has been working with communities living near snow leopard habitats to reduce the number of killings and to help villagers economically .
Image Credit : Niabot , Wiki Commons
Related Links
First Russian Snow Leopard Photos
Saving Mongolia 's Snow Leopards
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
PROUD Patrick Sloan has a brand-new son . And a new grandson . And a new great-grandson .
And the three babies arrived in the space of just three months .
First , Patrick , 60 , became a dad for the fourth time – 28 years after the birth of his third child .
His second wife Joanne , 39 , had little Ethan on March 14 .
Then , in June , Patrick 's grand-daughter Fern , 18 , presented him with his first great-grandchild , Mason .
And 12 days after Fern gave birth , it was her mum Odette 's turn to head for the delivery room . She too produced a healthy baby boy , Leonard .
So Ethan is Mason 's great- uncle , Fern has a new uncle as well as a new son , and Odette is celebrating the arrival of a son , a grandson and a half-brother who is 35 years younger than she is .
Ethan also has two big half-brothers , Aaron , 33 , and Dean , 32 .
And he 's uncle to Odette 's sons , Joel , 10 , and baby Leonard , Aaron 's 11-month-old daughter Alissa , and Dean 's kids Joshua , nine , and Alivia , eight .
It 's all a bit confusing , but nursing manager Patrick would n't change a thing about it . He went into hospital to have his vasectomy reversed so he could become a father again with Joanne .
He said : “ All three boys are fantastic .
“ I 'm sure there are people who think my situation is very odd . I agree it 's not that conventional but I would n't swap it for the world .
“ Ethan has given me a new lease of life and is my pride and joy .
“ And to have a new grandson and my first great-grandchild at the same time is the icing on the cake . ”
The baby bonanza has also been good for Joanne , Odette and Fern . They 've been swapping tips and helping each other out with their youngsters .
Odette said : “ It was strange knowing I was pregnant at the same time as my daughter and my mother-in-law . But at least I knew I could help Fern and be there for her whenever she needed me . ”
Patrick , of Doncaster , Yorkshire , will be retiring around the time Ethan starts school . He admits he worries that people will criticise him for becoming a dad againat his age .
But he said : “ Generally , everyone has been really pleased and excited .
“ It was a bit of a shock to the system at first , but Ethan is a little treasure and makes me smile every single day . ”
January 16 , 2017
Karachi : Perception Survey conducted by American Business Council showed that there was a significant improvement of over 30 % in the Law and Order Situation as compared to last year .
Over 78 % of respondents have indicated that they plan to invest in Pakistan over the next 12 months as compared to 65 % from last year and 83 % are optimistic about the long-term economic and operating climate .
The members have however separately commented about the government 's tendency to introduce mini budgets as well as sudden changes in policies or rules during course of a fiscal year . ‘ Such steps negatively impact on the existing as well as new investments , ' they stated .
The perception survey allowed ABC members to rate their satisfaction on various economic , regulatory and political factors that affect the performance and growth of businesses operating in Pakistan over FY15-16 .
The business climate was rated on each of the various factors influencing it ; including implementation and consistency of trade and competition policies , government development budget , domestic market , internal and external political climate and law and order .
For 2015-16 the vast majority of respondents rated the business climate of Pakistan as satisfactory with only 8 % giving it a poor rating . This is a marked improvement over 2014-15 when 11 % of participants rated the business climate as poor . The overall positive perception of American investors reveals an expectation of some economic stability and an improvement in Pakistan 's economic environment .
With the performance of each of the various ministry directly affecting the business climate , participants were asked to rate the performance of each ministry . In this regard , the overall trend reflects a slight improvement in the performance of the various ministries from last year . The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Resource also showed a marked improvement with 78 % of participants reporting the performance as fair and 16 % reporting it as poor . In 2014-15 just 46 % has rated the performance of this ministry as fair and 51 % had rated it poorly .
Mr. Sami Ahmed , President of American Business Council of Pakistan , said , ‘ Our members are positive and remain committed to Pakistan . '
Mr. Ahmed added that , international standing and perception is extremely important as Pakistan competes with other Asian players to attract foreign capital in the form of trade exports , human resources and most importantly foreign direct investment .
The ABC is one of the largest investor groups in Pakistan with 67 members – most of them represent Fortune 500 companies . They operate in various sectors i.e . healthcare , financial services , information technology , chemicals & fertilizers , energy , FMCG , food & beverage , oil and others . ABC members have cumulative revenues of US $ 4.0 billion . Their contribution to the National Exchequer , through direct/indirect taxes is approximately Rs . 102 billion . They exported goods worth Rs . 6.60 billion during 2015 . They directly employ over 34,000 people , with 140,000 dependents , and indirectly employ approx . 1 million people through their networks of agents , distributors , contractors etc .
The ABC is affiliated with the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce & Industry ( FPCCI ) and is a member of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ( USCC ) , Washington D.C. , and Asia-Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce ( APCAC ) . ABC also has a close working relationship with the U.S.-Pakistan Business Council , Washington which is a component of the USCC .
Related Posts
I 'd like to ask that in the future , reporters covering a story like this one—and by that I mean any story in which one player of a ridiculous board or card game has tried to murder another one—please investigate fully enough to determine what exactly triggered the dispute .
On second thought , do n't do that . That would prevent me from speculating that the cause was something truly nonsensical , when it 's usually something pretty mundane . Forget what I said before .
This has been a dilemma of mine for a while now . For example , I desperately wanted to know exactly how it came to be that , as the Tampa Tribune reported in 2007 , somebody got stabbed while he was playing Yahtzee . Was it an argument over the well-known discrepancy between the 1956 and 1961 rules as to whether a Yahtzee could be deployed as a “ joker ” in the upper section of the scorecard ? Probably not , but if the report had given the actual reason , I would not have come up with that joke , which I like enough that I 've probably used it four or five times now . See , e.g. , GRTK # 2 ( Again ) : Yahtzee Dispute ” ( Sept. 29 , 2011 ) . So it 's good that I did n't know . At least if you like that joke .
Similarly , in “ GRTK # 6 : Messed With Your Dungeons & Dragons Character ” ( Aug. 28 , 2009 ) , the report did say that the suspect went after the Dungeon Master with a hammer because he “ did n't like what [ the DM ] was doing to [ his ] character. ” I would very much like to know just how that character died , but again , it 's probably better to be able to speculate that a level 60 paladin lost his last hit point because a kobold bit him in the ankle , or something . See alsoGRTK # 17 & 17.1 ( beer pong ) ; # 19 ( Monopoly ) ; # 34 ( chess ) ; cf . # 57 ( excluded from Monopoly tournament for “ unsportsmanlike conduct ” the previous year ) . So , yeah , do n't look into it too closely , I guess .
I 'm a little handicapped when it comes to this particular story , because I 've actually never played Magic : the Gathering . ( These guys have . ) I do of course know that it is a trading-card game with a D & D-type theme in which two or more players engage in a battle acting as powerful wizards , although not so powerful that they can avoid giving up their lunch money to ogres they encounter from time to time . Like many games , it has complicated rules , winners , and losers , and this can easily cause volatile situations in which one player may snap and whack another with a rubber mallet before stabbing him several times in the neck .
It happens .
It happened in Minnesota , at least , on the night of July 27/28 . According to the St . Cloud Times , 31-year-old Elija Dale Creech called 911 to report that he had stabbed a guy . Officers found a 20-year-old man at the scene with knife wounds to the face and neck . “ Investigators were told that Creech and the victim had argued over playing a card game called ‘ Magic the Gathering , ' and that the argument led to Creech hitting the man in the face with a rubber mallet and stabbing him seven times. ” Happily , the victim 's wounds were not life-threatening .
Again , I have mixed emotions about the phrase “ argued over playing a card game called ‘ Magic the Gathering . ' ” On the one hand , I want somebody to go ask the victim exactly what triggered the violence . Was it simple frustration over a loss ? Or was it a rule dispute ? The full set of rules , at least , is ridiculously complicated—like , Code of Federal Regulations complicated . Any set of rules like that is going to cause arguments , and sooner or later somebody 's going to get malleted . But on the other hand , maybe they were arguing about something completely unrelated , and that 's no fun . So on balance , I guess I do n't want these questions asked .
I would prefer to think , for example , that something like this happened :
Plague Spores reads , “ Destroy target nonblack creature and target land . They ca n't be regenerated. ” Suppose the same animated land is chosen both as the nonblack creature and as the land , and the color of the creature land is changed to black before Plague Spores resolves . Plague Spores is n't countered because the black creature land is still a legal target for the “ target land ” part of the spell . The “ destroy target nonblack creature ” part of the spell wo n't affect that permanent , but the “ destroy target land ” part of the spell will still destroy it . It ca n't be regenerated .
Or perhaps this :
Svogthos , the Restless Tomb , is on the battlefield . An effect that says “ Until end of turn , target land becomes a 3/3 creature that 's still a land ” is applied to it ( layers 4 and 7b ) . An effect that says “ Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn ” is applied to it ( layer 7c ) , making it a 4/4 land creature . Then while you have ten creature cards in your graveyard , you activate Svogthos 's ability : “ Until end of turn , Svogthos , the Restless Tomb becomes a black and green Plant Zombie creature with ‘ This creature 's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard . ' It 's still a land. ” ( layers 4 , 5 , and 7b ) . It becomes an 11/11 land creature . If a creature card enters or leaves your graveyard , Svogthos 's power and toughness will be modified accordingly . If the first effect is applied to it again , it will become a 4/4 land creature again .
Those are examples from the full set of game rules , giving you an idea of the kind of difficult questions that might arise . In a tournament situation , a judge could resolve the dispute , and security wizards would be standing by to cast the Calm Dweebs spell if things get out of hand . But if Svogthos , the Restless Tomb , shows up late one night and what was once a friendly game starts to deteriorate , well , you can see how it could get ugly .
Especially since Mr. Creech , it turns out , has a criminal record . According to the report , he was convicted in 2013 for “ possession of an explosive with intent , ” and it does n't say what his intent was but it probably was n't good . This history , plus what the report cryptically calls “ information from the overnight investigation , ” led to the summoning of a Hazmat Team ( part of the fire department , not the game ) and the obtaining of a search warrant . No hazardous materials were found , the report says , though I doubt they tested for Plague Spores .
For future reference , neither stabbing nor the use of a rubber mallet are expressly prohibited by MTG tournament rules , but would likely be found to violate Rule 5.4 ( Unsporting Conduct ) , which precludes “ acting belligerently toward ” tournament officials , players , or spectators . Please conduct yourselves accordingly .
NSIDC continues their hysterics , hinting that theArctic is crashing and doomed , due to record heat .
Arctic Sea Ice News and Analysis
Scary stuff – except that the area of ice in the Arctic has n't changed for a decade . Decadal trend is ice-free in 2,250 years .
timeseries.anom.1979-2008
The record Arctic heat is actually about -25C .
Ocean and Ice Services | Danmarks Meteorologiske Institut
Ocean and Ice Services | Danmarks Meteorologiske Institut
Arctic ice extent is essentially at the 30 year mean , except for the Barents Sea – where winds have been pushing the ice edge towards the pole . This is hardly cause for alarm .
N_daily_extent.png ( 420×500 )
Nothing significant is changing with the Arctic climate , yet NSIDC finds a way to spin it into a disaster . And to enhance their fantasy , they ignore all pre-1979 data and start their graphs right at the 1979 peak . The graph below is from the 1990 IPCC report , and shows that ice extent was much lower earlier in the 1970 's .
1990 IPCC : Chapter 7
Advertisements
Lamar Johnson was led into the Baltimore courtroom Tuesday with his arms and legs in the shackles worn by convicted murderers , but with a wide smile across his face .
For more than 13 years , through two failed appeals and countless crushed hopes , the West Baltimore man had waited for these moments in court .
Circuit Judge Charles Peters , without comment , granted Johnson a new trial on evidence that three new witnesses said Johnson was n't the gunman from­ a 2004 killing in East Baltimore . Then prosecutors dropped the old murder charge against him .
After spending more than a decade in prison for a murder that prosecutors now say he did n't commit , Johnson was set free .
His mother , Kathy Taylor , seated in the courtroom , held crumpled tissues to her eyes . His attorneys , grinning , patted Johnson , 33 , on his shoulders . He had been sentenced to spend the rest of his life in prison .
Later , Johnson thanked his attorneys from a Washington , D.C. , nonprofit who believed in his innocence .
“ I 'm just so blessed right now , ” he said outside the courthouse . “ There was a time I got frustrated . … Every appeal was shot down .
“ This is a fresh start , ” he continued , holding back tears . “ I made some mistakes before I got locked up , but I 'm not a murderer — I never was . ”
Johnson became the second man exonerated during Baltimore State 's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby 's nearly three years in office . Malcolm Bryant , who was serving a life sentence for the killing of a teenage girl , was exonerated by DNA evidence . After 17 years in prison , Bryant was set free in May 2016 .
A team of attorneys from the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project , a nonprofit at The George Washington University , had worked for seven years to prove Johnson 's innocence . They discovered three witnesses who independently confirmed that Johnson was n't the gunman . The attorneys presented their evidence to Baltimore prosecutors . Together , both offices asked the court to free Johnson .
His wrongful conviction was based on a nickname . On the afternoon of March 26 , 2004 , Carlos Sawyer , 31 , was shot in his stomach , shoulder and buttocks , and killed at a busy intersection outside Tench Tilghman Elementary School in East Baltimore . Witnesses told police the shooter went by a particular nickname , one that prosecutors declined to reveal Tuesday . But Johnson was misidentified as the nicknamed shooter , his attorneys said .
Sawyer 's family could not be reached Tuesday .
As an attorney with the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project , Eily Raman screens letters from as many as 400 prisoners a year , but she said she froze when Johnson first wrote to her .
“ I said , not only could this guy be innocent — he is innocent , ” she said .
Johnson pleaded not guilty in 2005 , and he has maintained his innocence . During his trial , witnesses said he simply resembled the shooter . Further , the jury seemed to ignore evidence that excluded Johnson as a suspect , Raman said .
“ These cases generally take an army , ” said Parisa Dehghani-Tafti , legal director of the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project . “ It 's extremely difficult for people to cooperate and to cooperate 13 years after the fact . You 're not supposed to snitch in Baltimore City , and there are credible fears about what happens if you do snitch . ”
The attorneys set out to find more witnesses from the killing . They found one man who said he saw the shooter and it was n't Johnson . A second witness told them he heard a different person confess to the killing months after Johnson was charged . Then a third witness , a woman , said the gunman ran past her after shooting , and the man was n't Johnson .
On Tuesday , prosecutor Lauren Lipscomb , chief of the state 's attorney office 's Conviction Integrity Unit , presented this evidence to the judge , asking for a new trial and then dropping the murder charge .
“ This information was not known at trial , ” she told the judge . “ The aforementioned witnesses are independent to each other and do not know each other . ”
A culture of witness intimidation and violence in Baltimore has deterred people from speaking out about Johnson 's wrongful conviction , Mosby said .
“ We live in the home of the stop-snitching mentality , ” she said . “ Witness intimidation started here in Baltimore . ”
Prosecutors and police have reopened the investigation to find Sawyer 's killer , she added .
“ My heart breaks for the family of Carlos Sawyer , '' Mosby said . `` They now must face the unsettling reality that Carlos ' attacker has not been brought to justice . Please know that Carlos is not forgotten , and my office will be working with Commissioner Davis and the Baltimore Police Department to do all that we can to investigate and prosecute the person who is truly responsible for Carlos ' death . ”
After the hearing , a crowd gathered outside the courthouse for Johnson 's release . He walked out in new jeans , a Baltimore Orioles hat and a Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project T-shirt . His grandfather wrapped him in a bear hug on the sidewalk and the two men staggered backwards .
Jimmie Johnson , 74 , broke down , saying he did n't think he would live to see his grandson set free .
Lamar Johnson 's mother said she told her son to keep faith over those long years in prison .
“ I told him , I did n't want him to be bitter and angry , ” Taylor said , “ Justice will come . ”
Two nurses from Mercy Hospital had learned of the case and waited to greet Johnson outside .
“ It 's exciting , ” nurse Michelle Sellmer said . “ We want to see Lamar come out those doors for the first time in how many years ? ”
“ Thirteen , ” answered nurse Audra Dimler .
Johnson told the crowd he wants to earn a degree in business management and open a McDonald 's franchise . He already had plans for his first meal as a free man : a Big Mac . He plans to attend therapy to help him adjust , he said .
“ Sometimes , I used to think I was going to die in prison , ” he said . “ I was treated like an animal in there … it 's rough . ”
Crying and hugging , Johnson 's family lingered outside the courthouse . The No . 80 bus drove past . The downtown office workers lunched at a carryout across Lexington Street , and the afternoon sun fell in shadows between the downtown buildings . For the past decade Johnson had been removed from it all , locked up .
Now , the free world awaited him .
tprudente @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/Tim_Prudente
Currently , there is one version of the Labyrinth per difficulty , each granting two ascendancy points , with a final Labyrinth found through maps that brings the total of ascendancy points to eight . The ascendancy trees were designed from the start to accommodate eight points , and specifically that those points be distributed in groups of two . Each time you gain ascendancy points you have the potential to reach a new major ascendancy passive .
We want to maintain this structure for The Fall of Oriath . There will still be four total Labyrinths , they 'll each award two ascendancy points , and they will each require you to complete a series of trials , though the total number of trials is being reduced .
You 'll still need to complete six trials to gain access to the Aspirants ' Plaza via the Sarn Encampment . From here you will be able to access all four versions of the Labyrinth , as long as you have fulfilled their requirements . The requirements for all of the Labyrinths as of The Fall of Oriath will be :
Normal-equivalent Labyrinth : Six trials .
Six trials . Cruel-equivalent Labyrinth : Three trials , as well as completion of the previous Labyrinth .
Three trials , as well as completion of the previous Labyrinth . Merciless-equivalent Labyrinth : Three trials , as well as completion of both previous Labyrinths .
Three trials , as well as completion of both previous Labyrinths . Endgame Labyrinth : Six trials , as well as completion of all previous Labyrinths .
These requirements will all be displayed on a UI similar to the master-crafting benches . The UI will show the trials you still need to complete for each Labyrinth , including the Endgame one .
Because the point at which you may unlock the second and third labyrinths are going to differ ( you wo n't necessarily be anywhere near the Sarn Encampment ) , the Aspirants ' Plaza will have a Waypoint that , once activated , lets you return to it at any time .
Much of the feedback we 've received since the Labyrinth was added focused on the length and difficulty of the Labyrinth itself , so for the first Labyrinth we are removing some of the areas in the leadup to each fight with Izaro . You will still fight Izaro three times , but the time between each fight will be significantly shorter . This also means that a failed run will generally feel less bad , since you 'll be able to regain lost ground more quickly . We will also be looking at ways to simplify certain mechanics in the earliest Labyrinth .
You may also gain access to later Labyrinths at different levels to what is currently the case , so we 'll be trying to ensure that the Labyrinth areas line up with the expected levels of the players running them .
For Labyrinth speed-runners , the way we handle tracking your run will change as well . Your run will count as having been started from the moment you choose which Labyrinth you want to run . As soon as you do that , the door opens and the timer begins .
To summarise : though the moment-to-moment Labyrinth gameplay will be much the same in 3.0.0 , the amount of time you spend accessing and running through the early labyrinths will be significantly shorter , simpler , and you 'll be able to access all versions of the Labyrinth from the Aspirants ' Plaza .
The decision to remove the Cruel and Merciless difficulties with the launch of Path of Exile : The Fall of Oriath has a lot of tangentially-related changes associated with it . One of the largest is how the Labyrinth ties into gameplay and the new layout of the world.Currently , there is one version of the Labyrinth per difficulty , each granting two ascendancy points , with a final Labyrinth found through maps that brings the total of ascendancy points to eight . The ascendancy trees were designed from the start to accommodate eight points , and specifically that those points be distributed in groups of two . Each time you gain ascendancy points you have the potential to reach a new major ascendancy passive.We want to maintain this structure for The Fall of Oriath . There will still be four total Labyrinths , they 'll each award two ascendancy points , and they will each require you to complete a series of trials , though the total number of trials is being reduced.You 'll still need to complete six trials to gain access to the Aspirants ' Plaza via the Sarn Encampment . From here you will be able to access all four versions of the Labyrinth , as long as you have fulfilled their requirements . The requirements for all of the Labyrinths as of The Fall of Oriath will be : These requirements will all be displayed on a UI similar to the master-crafting benches . The UI will show the trials you still need to complete for each Labyrinth , including the Endgame one.Because the point at which you may unlock the second and third labyrinths are going to differ ( you wo n't necessarily be anywhere near the Sarn Encampment ) , the Aspirants ' Plaza will have a Waypoint that , once activated , lets you return to it at any time.Much of the feedback we 've received since the Labyrinth was added focused on the length and difficulty of the Labyrinth itself , so for the first Labyrinth we are removing some of the areas in the leadup to each fight with Izaro . You will still fight Izaro three times , but the time between each fight will be significantly shorter . This also means that a failed run will generally feel less bad , since you 'll be able to regain lost ground more quickly . We will also be looking at ways to simplify certain mechanics in the earliest Labyrinth.You may also gain access to later Labyrinths at different levels to what is currently the case , so we 'll be trying to ensure that the Labyrinth areas line up with the expected levels of the players running them.For Labyrinth speed-runners , the way we handle tracking your run will change as well . Your run will count as having been started from the moment you choose which Labyrinth you want to run . As soon as you do that , the door opens and the timer begins.To summarise : though the moment-to-moment Labyrinth gameplay will be much the same in 3.0.0 , the amount of time you spend accessing and running through the early labyrinths will be significantly shorter , simpler , and you 'll be able to access all versions of the Labyrinth from the Aspirants ' Plaza . Last bumped on Feb 24 , 2019 , 5:08:39 PM
`` Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches . '' So wrote Czech playwright Milan Kundera . It 's a piece of wisdom that too many people seem determined to learn anew , the hard way .
Officials from the Human Rights Campaign , a nonprofit group dedicated to achieving equality for people who identify themselves as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , were in Utah last weekend with a report that shows more teenagers feel harassed or unsafe here because of their orientation than in other states . In a survey , 69 percent of self-described LGBT Utah youths ages 13-17 said their community is not accepting of them . That compared with 42 percent nationwide . The vast majority of them said they feel they do n't fit in , with three-quarters saying they believe they would have to leave the state in order to feel accepted .
These are troubling findings . The survey may not be statistically accurate . Researchers used social media to collect answers from 10,030 youth who described themselves as LGBT . These were compared with about 500 responses from a market research panel , which was used to measure the `` straight '' population and its feelings . Young people who self-identify on the Internet as LGBT may be among the most vocal of that demographic , and there may be others whose feelings were not reflected . A more representative sample might push the results in either direction . In the end , however , that is hardly important . What matters is that young people , regardless of their personal or religious beliefs , learn to respect the opinions of others and treat everyone with dignity .
Chad Griffin , head of the Human Rights Campaign , said , `` I do n't believe that there is any church , any school , or any set of parents that want to intentionally inflict harm on our young people , particularly in their most vulnerable years . '' True , and yet one must assume that , aside from perhaps some youthful lack of judgment , the incidents of taunting or bullying in Utah are , to at least some degree , a reflection of attitudes found within some of the homes where the bullies live . The problem likely extends beyond the boundaries of youth .
Another troubling aspect of the report showed that the Volunteers of America Utah Youth Homeless Drop-In Center is being visited by more local teens than ever before — a 166 percent increase over the past five years . VOA officials say abuse , whether physical or sexual , is the main reason teenagers end up homeless , but other factors contribute , including the troubles that may ensue from telling parents about their sexual orientation .
Young people are a precious resource . They deserve safety and dignity as they mature and develop a sense of self-worth . They need to understand the value of treating others with respect , especially when they disagree . That is a necessary virtue in order for a free society to continue to prosper . No one should tolerate abuses of young people , regardless of the reason or the type . Even mockery , as Kundera noted , causes damage far beyond what is readily apparent .
Australian of the Year state finalist Eman Sharobeem arrives at the Independent Commission Against Corruption in Sydney on Wednesday . Sharobeem is accused of rorting more than half a million dollars while in charge of two publicly funded health services .
EMAN Sharobeem 's story was always devastating and hopeful beyond belief .
The glamorous CEO , often seen draped in sophisticated animal print , teetering on heels , and always perfectly made up , was a picture of confidence and professionalism .
While she would easily have slotted in to a cutthroat business environment , Dr Sharobeem , as she called herself , was warm and caring . Her generous advocacy and counselling work at the Immigrant Women 's Health Service added a softness to her image that beamed out whenever you were around her .
But her charisma and career success masked a dark past — not a secret one , as she frequently discussed it in media interviews .
Dr Sharobeem had overcome great challenges to reach the top of her game in Sydney , she said . Like the young immigrant women she helped , she had been a child bride , forced to marry her first cousin when she was 14 , or 15 and a half , or 18 , depending on which interviews you read or listened to .
That was the problem with Ms Sharobeem 's story — it turned out she had no qualifications that earnt her the title Dr — it was never consistent .
Eman 's story began to unravel when questions were asked about her use of public funds while she was chief executive officer at the not-for-profit Immigrant Women 's Health Services in Fairfield , and also worked at the Non-English Speaking Housing Women 's Scheme .
After being recognised for her advocacy work she became well-known as a prominent advocate for women 's rights , and was a familiar voice in commentary around violence against women , female genital mutilation , and forced marriage .
She was even listed as a finalist in the Australian of the Year Awards and later became employed by SBS as the government-backed station 's national community engagement manager .
After being dragged before New South Wales ' Independent Commission for Corruption ( ICAC ) , Sharobeem has taken a hard fall .
She is accused of misappropriating more than $ 685,000 in funds , and acting corruptly in her roles in the two not-for-profit organisations . Recent reports have claimed that Ms Sharobeem transferred $ 500,000 to family back in Egypt after the sale of a Sydney property .
The allegation , published by Fairfax Media , comes as Sharobeem prepares to face the women she has accused of “ framing ” her when her ICAC hearing resumes this week .
Since hearings into alleged misappropriation commenced in April , she 's faced allegations of submitting fake invoices and claiming reimbursements for personal expenses including $ 11,000 in cosmetic surgery — $ 3000 for her son 's liposuction .
The corruption watchdog has also been told she spent part of the funds on a $ 20,000 diamond necklace , a decorative fountain for her home , three diamond rings and numerous hair appointments .
She defended charging more than $ 34,000 in traffic fines to the IWHS saying “ mistakes happen driving ” . She has also been questioned over her two sons ' employment at the charities .
In revealing exchanges in hearings that ran between April and June this year , Sharobeem was caught out over her claims around the age at which she claimed to have been forced to marry , and her qualifications .
“ When were you born , Ms Sharobeem ? ” counsel assisting the commission Ramesh Rajalingam asked .
“ The birth certificate indicate that it 's 3 June , '63 , ” she replied .
“ Is that the date you understand you were born ? ” Rajalingam asked .
“ That 's the birth certificate , yes . ”
Later in the same grilling Sharobeem was asked in which year she married her first husband , an event she had previously claimed took place when she was as young as 14 .
“ When did you meet your first husband ? ” Rajalingam asked .
“ He was my first cousin , so I met him at birth . And I , I knew of him since I was a little child , ” she replied .
“ Did you marry him ? ” Rajalingam asked .
“ It is , yes . ”
“ When did that happen ? '
“ It could be 1984 . I think 1984 . ”
According to her own admission , Sharobeem would have been 21 or 22 .
When it came to why she appropriated the title Dr , Sharobeem said she had been given two honorary PhDs , neither of which evidence could be found for , and said she was encouraged by a journalist to use the title .
Neither of the universities Ms Sharobeem claimed to have received honorary degrees from have confirmed her claims .
Ms Sharobeem 's hearing has previously been adjourned due to concerns for her wellbeing .
At one appearance she broke down , shouting “ I ” ve been framed ... I want to die ” .
Her counsel Arjun Chhabra expressed concern over “ the health and condition of Ms Sharobeem ” .
But the hearing is set to continue this week where a close colleague , Nevine Ghaly is expected to give evidence .
Evidence presented to ICAC revealed Ms Sharobeem thought it was possible Ms Ghaly , a former co-ordinator of NESH , had framed her .
The hearing is scheduled to resume 12 July .
So it 's Sunday morning , and I am figuring that I want to impress my children with my pancake prowess , so I plop down a couple of blobs and come up with a smiley-face . Not bad , I think . I put that sucker down in front of my child and wait for the applause . She looks completely unimpressed . Seeing my look of anticipation-turned-disappointment she flips around the laptop and says , `` You 're not even in the big leagues Dad . ''
`` Whoa ! '' I say , channeling my best Neo . But these Star Wars characters are n't even Nathan Shields 's greatest work : wait until you see his flame tree and coconut crab ! Check out his 100-plus pictures of his pancake art . ( Or check out his musing on teaching math . ) If that is n't enough inspiration for you , then check out Jennifer D. 's adventures with pumpkin pancakes on our sister blog , GeekMom . Just do n't let your children see any of this – or they will never again be impressed with your Sunday morning smileys .
The Entire Gang
Rescue all 8 hidden characters .
0.7 %
Ultra Rare 1.07 %
Ultra Rare
Seen It All
Complete 100 % of the journal .
0.6 %
Ultra Rare 0.92 %
Ultra Rare
Seen a Lot
Complete 50 % of the journal .
10.3 %
Very Rare 13.74 %
Rare
To Hell and Back
Complete the game the hard way .
0.9 %
Ultra Rare 1.30 %
Ultra Rare
Speedlunky
Complete the game in under 8 minutes . No shortcuts .
0.4 %
Ultra Rare 0.84 %
Ultra Rare
Ironman
Complete the game without using shortcuts .
2.0 %
Ultra Rare 2.93 %
Ultra Rare
Eternal Life
Obtain the Ankh .
4.9 %
Ultra Rare 6.22 %
Very Rare
City of Gold
Reach the City of Gold .
1.9 %
Ultra Rare 2.64 %
Ultra Rare
Big Money
Obtain 500000 gold .
0.6 %
Ultra Rare 1.07 %
Ultra Rare
Made It
Complete the game .
2.7 %
Ultra Rare 3.89 %
Ultra Rare
Ice Creamed
Reach the Temple .
7.6 %
Very Rare 10.35 %
Rare
Jungle Jammed
Reach the Ice Caves .
10.8 %
Very Rare 14.67 %
Rare
In Trump 's America , these are the guilty parties .
This can not be repeated often enough : The American right wing no longer exists in the same universe as the rest of the world . They have been completely isolated from reality by an all encompassing media bubble that feeds them pure propaganda 24 hours a day , seven days a week , 365 days a year .
For the latest example of this , take a look at an interview NPR did with a Trump supporter in upstate New York :
He says he hates the idea of neo-Nazis and recalls when growing up , he had friends who were black . But now he thinks the white guys he saw on his TV marching in Charlottesville have some reasonable arguments .
`` This is a different white supremacy movement than before , because I do n't think whites are saying , 'well we 're better . ' They 're saying why ca n't we be treated all as equal ?
`` LaMothe thinks affirmative action programs should be scrapped . He also thinks neo-Nazis who sparked mayhem in Charlottesville are no worse than a lot of activist groups on the left . `` I did n't hear anything from Barack Obama about Black Lives Matter and that was another hate group , '' he says .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Think about the disconnect from reality necessary to think that neo-Nazis have a point about white people being the victim . In a country where white men are a minority of the population yet hold most of the wealth , elected offices , and cultural power , it is almost textbook insanity to think they are oppressed . Yet , that is precisely what LaMothe thinks and he 's far from alone .
I do n't know LaMothe and the article does not describe his news consumption habits but in much the same way that we can determine where a person grew up by whether or not they say `` soda '' or `` pop '' , I can say with a high degree of accuracy that he regularly watches Fox News . I can also predict that he rarely reads the New York Times or Washington Post . He has never sat through an entire episode of The Rachel Maddow Show in his life .
We know this because in the real world , Black Lives Matter does not fit even the most , ahem , liberal definition of a hate group . We know this because LaMothe claims Obama never called for unity when in the real world , Obama based his entire campaign on unity and called for it after every tragedy . We know this because despite LaMothe 's attempt to blame both sides , neo-Nazis explicitly preach genocide and there is no moral , rhetorical , or ideological equivalent on the left . It simply does not exist except in the fabricated reality of right wing media .
This explains the not-really-a-mystery of why Trump 's support remains so high among Republicans : They literally have no idea what 's going on . As far as they 've been told , Trump is a powerful , manly and virile leader that is creating millions of jobs , deporting every brown person he can find , and making America great again by being tough on our enemies and weak allies . They also `` know '' that the Russia scandal is made up by the `` deep state '' that is trying to destroy him . Trump also makes liberals cry and that is more than enough to overlook little things like massive corruption .
The danger lies in the famous quote by Voltaire : `` Those who can make you believe absurdities , can make you commit atrocities . '' When Trump is inevitably ousted , Trump supporters like LaMothe will honestly and truly believe that a coup has been staged and they will back any and all violence carried out by white nationalist `` patriots '' in the name of `` taking back America . '' It wo n't matter if it was by impeachment , heart attack , or by a massive landslide election in 2020 , LaMothe will only believe that his country is under attack by whatever shadowy enemy Fox News tells him to be afraid of that week .
When the smoke clears , the blood washed away , and the Confederacy has been banished once again , LaMothe and those like him will become the seed of the Second Lost Cause , plotting to `` take back their country . '' Someday . They 'll pass on their Fox News-generated insanity like a disease to their descendants and we 'll start the cycle all over again .
But that 's for another day . Today , we have to overcome the propaganda driving out country mad and save our democracy from those who would see it burned to the ground . The only other option is to let delusional and paranoid bigots like LaMothe dictate our future .
Hell no .
There are 448 days left to the 2018 elections .
- This article kills fascists
Please consider becoming a paid member of The Daily Banter and supporting us in holding the Trump administration to account . Your help is needed more than ever , and is greatly appreciated .
LEGO , our collective childhoods are thanking you right now . The only name worth knowing in building toys ( sorry , Lincoln Logs ) is dropping a bunch of cool , new products to celebrate San Diego Comic-Con and some big pop culture anniversaries , but none is cooler than their LEGO Super Heroes : DC Comics San Diego Comic-Con Exclusive Batman Classic TV Series Batmobile .
Released in conjunction with the 75th anniversary of the Batman franchise , the LEGO version of the caped crusader 's whip is a spot-on recreation that inspires loads of nostalgia with its classic Cadillac grill and tailfins . As a bonus , minifigurines dressed in Batman and Robin 's classic get-ups come with the Batmobile . Something about seeing Batman in that blue mask and cape and Robin in those green tights just make us all warm and fuzzy inside .
The set is premiering and being sold exclusively this week at Comic-Con in San Diego , so get the hell over there , or make your friends pick one up for you .
Gus Ruelas / REUTERS Japanese video game designer Shigeru Miyamoto talks about `` Pikmin 3 '' during the Wii U Software Showcase at E3 2013 .
E3 2013 is over , leaving Nintendo the summer and probably most of the fall before the competition moves in with its shock and awe campaign . Nintendo 's challenge : prove to gamers that the Wii U is interesting enough , cheap enough and offers the kinds of games they 'll want to play ( and keep playing ) through 2013 and beyond . Without the games , what do you have , really ?
Below-expectation console sales , for starters , a problem Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata agrees has to do with the system 's lackluster software lineup . But that 's also a solvable problem , argues games luminary Shigeru Miyamoto ( Mario , Donkey Kong , Zelda , Pikmin ) , who told me the best is nearly here , with games like Super Mario 3D World , Pikmin 3 , Donkey Kong Country : Tropical Freeze and Zelda : The Wind Waker HD arriving by year 's end .
With Wii U , Nintendo has kept online access optional . What 's your reaction to the idea of a game device that requires constant Internet access ? What do you think , as a player , of the idea that you might be watched or scrutinized by a company ?
Nintendo 's stance is that we realize not everyone in the world is connected over the Internet , and because of that we 're very much in support of providing offline experiences for those players who do n't have an Internet connection . That said , we also realize the time has come when most people do have an Internet connection , so we 've created a system that is designed to take advantage of an Internet connection in a way that benefits the consumer .
We have n't provided this as a means for us to really benefit from it , per se , but more as a service to our customers , so they can enjoy our games beyond what we 've already created , and I say that from the stance of using a network connection to be able to provide patches that will add additional functionality post-launch or , you know , potentially if we have any bugs that need to be fixed we can do that . And so , really , it 's more from a position of providing a service to our consumers as a way to continue to extend the gameplay and their enjoyment of our games .
What are the advantages , in your view , of a tablet-style , dual-screen interface that employs one kind of motion control versus a controller-less interface with a single screen that 's gesture-driven ?
First of all , we do n't require that all developers implement Wii U GamePad dual-screen functionality into their games , but from a Nintendo first-party development standpoint , we 're putting a lot of focus into how we can leverage two-screen gameplay . We look at it both in terms of how we can provide new gameplay experiences , but also in terms of how we can improve the interface . We think that with the two screens and the touchscreen , we 're able to provide experiences that are much more convenient and easy to use for the consumer .
Of course the real benefit is that once the consumer buys the Wii U system , they 're able to get that entire system with the GamePad — that second screen built into it — at a very reasonable price . Everyone who has a Wii U is able to take advantage of these functions , which makes it easier for developers to design their games in ways that leverage them .
So , I think it 's really up to the developers to decide what types of games they want to create and what types of systems they want to put those games on . From Nintendo 's standpoint , we 've created Wii U to be the only hardware that is best-suited to the living room at a reasonable price that comes with a guarantee of the quality of Nintendo software . Obviously , we 're gon na put our efforts into taking advantage of the hardware capabilities to create amazing new experiences for our consumers , but it 's up to other developers to decide how they want to bring their creative ideas to life .
You 've talked about powerful consoles having the “ too many ferocious dinosaurs ” in the room problem , but Quantic Dream made an interesting point with its The Dark Sorcerer PlayStation 4 demo about system power delivering , in the right hands , the ability to bring a level of emotional dimensionality to , say , the modeling of human expressiveness that 's unheard of in gaming .
From my perspective , with regard to the more powerful hardware systems , to me what still remains incredibly important is the developers maintaining a focus on creating unique games because if all that everyone does is uses the enhanced power to create more and more games that look and feel the same , then all that it becomes is a competition about the power of the hardware rather than the uniqueness of the experience . That , to me , is where developers should be devoting their effort .
The Wii seemed to arrive at this perfect storm moment between increased interest in gaming and the advent of plausible motion control — that , and it was easy to explain to people . The Wii U by contrast is a much harder quick sell — not the sort of system you can summarize in a few sentences to a family member or friend who does n't game . How are you dealing with that messaging challenge ?
First and foremost , I think , with Nintendo products what 's often most important is that people touch and play and interact with our products — once they do , they begin to truly understand what makes them great . I think the same can be said of Wii U .
We 've seen that , while it can be difficult to initially explain to people all the benefits of Wii U , the people who have purchased the system and have been interacting with it have high satisfaction levels . Our original objective with Wii U was to try to develop and release the system before tablets and those types of devices had penetrated the marketplace and were being found in most households , but I think that people who have tablets in the household now will actually have an easier time understanding the benefits of that combination of tablet-style gameplay with the television . And , particularly because of the cost advantage that Wii U has , the fact that you can instantly turn the system on and have that instant connection between the tablet and the TV helps make that benefit even more clear .
As we begin to release our software , with the strong software lineup that we have this fall , I think gradually more and more people are going to begin to buy the hardware for the software and to understand the benefits of having Wii U in their living room .
Part of Wii 's success , I think most would agree , was its $ 250 price , which made it hundreds of dollars less expensive than competing systems for years . Sony 's PlayStation 4 is going to debut only slightly more expensive than the Deluxe Wii U . Do you think you 'd capture more of the audience you sold the Wii to if you could get the Wii U Deluxe model 's price down by $ 100 ? Even $ 50 ?
Unfortunately , I 'm not the one who determined the price , so I ca n't provide a specific answer on the price of the system . But the one thing that I think everyone needs to understand is that when you 're buying a Wii U , you 're buying a hardware system that comes with a tablet-like device and so if any of the other hardware systems were to try and include a tablet or device similar to the Wii U GamePad , those hardware systems would go up in price by easily a hundred dollars or more .
You once said “ A delayed game is eventually good , but a rushed game is forever bad. ” But Wii U 's suffered a number of game delays so far . What would you say to potential Wii U owners who are worried that the games they want to play , especially those based on Nintendo properties , are arriving too slowly ?
With Wii U sharing the Wii name , a lot of consumers probably think , “ Because the two systems share the same name , they probably share a similar development environment , ” and therefore it should be easy for the design teams to get their games out based on their experience with Wii . But in fact the Wii U development environment is significantly different from the Wii development environment — there 's been a big jump in terms of its capabilities .
The development teams have been learning a lot about the system , and the unfortunate result has been that , in a lot of cases , the development on games has ended up taking about six months longer than we had originally anticipated . Many of the titles that we had slated for launch originally seem to have shifted by about that long . And about that , I 'm very sorry to all the consumers who bought the system originally . But what I can say is beginning , really , with Pikmin 3 , we have big titles coming almost every month starting with the launch of Pikmin 3 and going all through the end of the year and into next year . And so , because of that , all of the fans who have been waiting for Nintendo software , I 'm sorry to have taken so long , but we have a very strong lineup coming and there will be a lot for you to experience on the Wii U in the coming months .
Many were unfair to the Wii during its inaugural year , but the system sort of roared to life and went on to become one of the top-selling game systems ever . For Wii U , is there an acceptable market penetration level that perhaps lives below what the Wii achieved ?
The entertainment business is one where what happens with products has an incredible amount of variability . You can have some products that immediately sell like crazy , then trail off , or others that start off slow , then have a strong build , or some from the beginning that just do n't perform well at all . And so it 's difficult to say , from a numbers standpoint , where we would want something to end up .
We 've designed the Wii U system from the beginning to be a hardware system that we think is really going to add a great deal of convenience to the living room , to the interaction with the TV in the living room , and so with our perspective we 're focused entirely on bringing out software that will make people want to buy the system , at which point they can experience what 's so great about having Wii U in their living room . We anticipate that after the software arrives , people will spread the word about the system and it will start to perform better .
For gamers who have never played a Pikmin game , what about Pikmin 3 would you most like them to know ? How would you persuade them to give it a try ?
I 'm very glad you asked that question ! So the original Pikmin is a game that we released over 10 years ago and it was a unique game that 's still to this day unlike anything else available . But when we released it on GameCube , there was a core group of fans that played the game quite a bit . We just did n't have as broad an audience playing it and experiencing it as we 'd hoped . So with Pikmin 3 , we wanted to create a game that allows even novice players to come in and experience it , but at the same time , gives more advanced gamers quick and early access to all of the depth and the strategy that 's involved in that gameplay . And so we 've designed Pikmin 3 to be a game that you 'll want to play repeatedly and that you can truly immerse yourself in because of its incredibly deep gameplay .
The real focus has been on easing that transition , both for the novice gamer and for the advanced gamer , and doing it in a way we believe can appeal to everyone , from young kids to older adults , encouraging you to play creatively and test the boundaries of what 's possible in the game . This thinking style of gameplay is something that I believe once you taste it , will be fun for everybody .
When you play , you 're commanding a squad of 100 Pikmin , plus two additional explorer characters , and the basic action that you conduct in the game is very simple — it 's a matter of simply throwing the Pikmin , calling them back , throwing them at tasks and calling them back . And yet with the Pikmins ' abilities and the breadth of strategies available , it opens up broad possibilities of how you can approach the gameplay . The other thing is that Pikmin 3 does a great job of immersing you in the world of the Pikmin and allowing you to experience that world firsthand through this simple and yet incredibly deep gameplay mechanic , and so I hope that everybody will look forward to playing the game and giving it a try .
Last up — and I ask because it 's my favorite in the series — will we ever see The Wind Waker ‘ s distinctive visual style return to a Zelda game ?
Well , we 've prepared The Wind Waker HD for Wii U , and because we 've done this and brought the toon-shading of that game to Wii U , there 's a chance that we may use that toon-shading again with something else .
The Catch
The San Francisco 49ers ruled the 1980s with eight seasons of 10-plus wins and a perfect 4-0 record in Super Bowl appearances . The remarkable run of success is marked by a handful of plays , none more recognizable than `` The Catch '' , one of the most memorable plays in NFL history .
It 's the NFC Championship game , January 10 , 1982 , against the Dallas Cowboys . Dallas has the lead 27-21 , but Joe Montana has the ball for a potential game-winning drive . The clock is winding down . Third-and-3 at the Dallas six-yard line . Just under a minute left .
Ed `` Too Tall '' Jones and the Dallas front chases Montana out of the pocket , and Montana 's main option , Freddie Solomon , is perfectly covered . Montana retreats to the sideline and launches the ball high toward the back of the end zone on a play that head coach Bill Walsh believed was a throwaway . He was already preparing for fourth down options . Suddenly Dwight Clark leaps and this happens :
Joe Cool was born .
Ickey Shuffle
Elbert L. Woods had a short NFL career , but the man known as Ickey Woods lives on in our hearts thanks to his signature touchdown dance : the Ickey Shuffle . The former Cincinnati Bengals fullback grabbed plenty of attention after a stellar rookie season with 15 rushing touchdowns in 1988 ( and another three touchdowns during the Bengals ' Super Bowl run ) . Unfortunately , a torn ACL and subsequent knee injury knocked him out of football after only four seasons . The Shuffle , however , lives on .
Check out Darrell Waltrip doing the Ickey Shuffle after winning the 1989 Daytona 500 :
LT breaks Theismann
Lawrence Taylor stood with his hands on his helmet for a second before waving for help . It 's that stance that says it all . Perhaps the most dominant defender in the NFL sacked dozens of quarterbacks in his career , but this tackle on Joe Theismann is the most memorable . It 's also the most gruesome .
Theismann , Washington 's longtime quarterback , had just received the ball back from running back John Riggins on a flea flicker that met the New York Giants blitz head-on . After escaping Harry Carson 's grasp , Taylor jumps and awkwardly pulls down Theismann . It was a shocking play that resulted in a career-ending compound fracture for Theismann and one of the most ghastly plays ever seen in NFL history . Of course we 'd share it .
Montana to Taylor
The NFL 's best player of the 1980s deserves two spots on this shareable list , because Twitter would have been alive with Vines and GIFs of Joe Montana 's touchdown throw to John Taylor with 38 seconds left in Super Bowl XXIII . If not for The Catch , this touchdown pass to Taylor at the end of a long drive would likely be known as Montana 's finest moment .
The final drive went the length of the field in 11 plays , and Montana completed eight of nine on the drive . He 'd already hit Jerry Rice with completions of 27 , 17 , and seven yards on this final possession , so it made sense for the Bengals to sit on Rice as he went in motion . John Taylor had n't caught a single pass for all four quarters . It created the perfect decoy and Montana found his man for a 10-yard touchdown and third Super Bowl victory in as many tries .
49ers head coach Bill Walsh said after the game , `` There 's only one thing to say about Joe Montana . He 's the best there is and the best there ever was . Period . ''
Fridge scores/Super Bowl Shuffle
The Niners may own the decade , but the Chicago Bears Super Bowl victory might be the most memorable of all . The team 's dominance of the New England Patriots in a 46-10 win in Super Bowl XX was just the tip of an iceberg that also included the unforgettable touchdown run by defensive lineman William `` Refridgerator '' Perry and the subsequent Super Bowl Shuffle .
We are the Bears Shufflin ' Crew
Shufflin ' on down , doin ' it for you .
We 're so bad we know we 're good .
Blowin ' your mind like we knew we would .
Byner fumbles
Let 's give Cleveland their moment . They deserve their time in the spotlight in recent weeks with the arrival of LeBron James and Johnny Manziel in town . Cleveland is once again a relevant sports town .
Of course this is all before LeBron takes the court or Manziel takes the field . While the Cavs seem destined for success , Browns fans will have to see it to believe it given the team 's depressing history . They 've had only three winning seasons since 1990 , and even their successful seasons in the '80s came with moments like The Fumble , the most heartbreaking play in team history .
The Browns are on the road and on the ropes at Mile High Stadium in the AFC Championship game against the Denver Broncos . The Broncos are up by a single touchdown , and the Browns are driving down field once again . Once up 21-3 , Bernie Kosar had ralled the Browns back for what seemed to be one of the NFL 's greatest comebacks of all time . At the eight-yard line , running back Earnest Byner has his name called . Then this happened .
The Browns enjoyed a strong run of success that included five straight playoff appearances in the late '80s , but this is the only lasting memory for most NFL fans from those days .
New Zealand media puppet darling Thingee is set to make a comeback , with personality Jason Gunn confirming the pair had `` caught up for a private meeting '' .
`` We did have a bit of a private meeting , Thingee and I , which you have to because you ca n't have a subtle meeting in a public place with him , '' Gunn said .
`` There are certain elements where it 's hard to disguise - lack of legs , big nose etc . ''
Thingee began presenting children 's television shortly after emerging from an egg in a 1987 episode of After School , quickly winning a keen following for his quick wit and goggly eyes .
Thingee and Gunn first met the following year and went on to present many shows together , including the Son of a Gunn show and What Now ? , before co-starring in the road movie Jason and Thingee 's Big Adventure .
Thingee famously lost one of his eyes on an episode of What Now ? - the moment now described as New Zealand television history .
Thingee eventually returned to his home planet on an episode of What Now ?
`` But did he ? '' Gunn asked .
`` That 's the big question .
`` What we really want to know is what has he been up to all these years ? We all know what I 've been doing , but hey , when we met it was in the Koru Lounge and I was in there on his pass , so he 's obviously been doing okay - that 's what his return would likely focus on first ''
Since his retirement , Thingee has returned a few times to make appearances on New Zealand television , most recently last year Wishing TVNZ U a Happy Birthday .
Gunn said he and Thingee were on the same page about his return to the media spotlight .
`` We created some magic together , we 're keen to do it again , but we 're very aware though that they were good days - sometimes that 's where things should be left , '' he said .
Gunn said Thingee was conscious his return would incite significant nostalgia , and it had to be planned carefully .
`` There was less good [ quality television ] , now , there 's more out there but is it better ? No , '' he said .
`` Now , you can tweet the world with what you had for breakfast and Facebook status with your latest toilet update , and television up the wazoo , but I 'm not too sure that means it 's quality . ''
Gunn said it was likely Thingee 's return would happen on his own show , and it would be the original `` A-team '' who would be involved .
Thingee was voiced by producer/director Alan Henderson .
Gunn said the group were not yet in a position to confirm when Thingee 's return might occur .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luis Garcia has revealed how he needed a sports psychologist at Liverpool – to help him block out the voice of Jamie Carragher !
Garcia became a huge crowd favourite during his three years at Anfield having arrived from Barcelona for £6million in 2004 .
The Spaniard famously played his part in the Champions League triumph of 2005 – not least the winner in the semi-final against Chelsea – and scored 30 goals in 121 appearances before moving to Atletico Madrid .
But Garcia admits he had to seek professional help to cope with the incessant on-field advice of one vociferous team-mate .
“ Carra would give me a lot of instruction out on the pitch , ” he said . “ I used to mutter ' f * * k off ' under my breath when he yelled at me !
“ Actually , I had to work with a sports psychologist to help me focus while I was at Liverpool and one of the things we worked on was trying to block out Carragher 's voice !
“ I 'd still listen to him , but soon I did n't get as distracted by it . ”
Garcia admits Carragher – with whom he now plays alongside for Liverpool Legends – was also less than enthused by the sight of him first putting on his infamous hairband .
“ He did n't need to say anything because his expression just screamed 'What the f * * k ? ' ” said Garcia .
( Image : Bradley Ormesher )
“ Rafa was n't too happy either . One day there was myself , Harry Kewell and Milan Baros all standing in front of the mirror , putting on our hairbands .
“ Baros was using his hairspray as well ! That did n't go down well either , with Carra or Rafa . ”
Garcia was speaking in the 'One-on-one ' question-and-answer section of the October edition of FourFourTwo magazine .
He was asked who would make the better manager out of Carragher and Steven Gerrard .
( Image : Bradley Ormesher )
“ They are actually very different , ” said Garcia . “ Carra would make a great manager in Italy , while Stevie would be better in the Premier League . ”
Garcia 's winner against Chelsea has gone down in Anfield folklore , and he said : “ I had never , and still have never , been part of an atmosphere like that one .
“ Chelsea were a better side than us over the whole season , but on that night we were much faster , stronger and hungrier than them , and that all came from the fans .
“ You could feel the power of the people . ”
And the Spaniard also addressed the question of whether , as his chant suggested , he drinks Sangria .
“ Of course I drink it , ” he said . “ I enjoy Guinness as well ! ”
It 's a jolting figure : the US music industry is making less than half of what it made at its 1999 peak of $ 14.4 billion . It currently makes about $ 6.3 billion . Why did it drop so fast ? Piracy , right ?
Wrong . First of all , a fun little fact : that $ 6.3 billion figure is only album sales . Not ringtones , not licensing rights , not merchandise sales , none of that is included . Why do n't they include that ? Because then you 'd know they 're still making between $ 9 and $ 10 billion .
This kind of finagling of the facts is nothing more than par for the course for the last ten years . What 's brought the music industry down was not pirates , although Napster helped in a way . It was nothing more or less than the culmination of some painful economic karma that was richly deserved , and one company , Apple , seeing a weakness in an entire industry and striking like a cobra .
Do n't get us wrong , piracy is a problem in the sense that yeah , if somebody downloads a track instead of paying for it , the record companies are losing money . But as you 'll see , piracy is an amorphous problem in that it 's easier to pin the blame on than to accept that just maybe , they had all of this coming , and it reveals the current litigation for what it is : a very public and brutal hissy fit .
But first we need to understand why piracy is amorphous , and how that $ 14.4 billion figure came into existence .
Piracy : Impossible to Track , So Let 's Make Some Stuff Up
If you want to know how ridiculous , heck , stupid , the music industry is when it comes to piracy , look no further than the fact they literally demanded more money than exists on the planet Earth in damages in a recent case against LimeWire . But more interesting were the precedents the judge used in the case .
Accurate data on piracy is pretty much impossible to find — we 've got no idea who downloads what , unless a tracking file is specifically introduced . But one case used as a precedent , Arista Records vs. Usenet.com , found 878 downloads . The Limewire case was over 11,000 “ infringing ” works , but the exact number of downloads is n't really public knowledge .
What is possible to find is proof that the RIAA statements about actual monies lost and downloads are worthless . To say there 's been a lot of spin is understating the case ; for example , in 2003 , when the music industry was still making over $ 10 billion on album sales , they tried to pass off shipping fewer units as a loss . It 's widely accepted that the RIAA and the MPAA can not be trusted for anything resembling accurate statistics on piracy or losses — not that this prevents them from making things up .
However , all of these turns on one crucial assumption : a song pirated is a sale lost .
Therein lies the problem . This is n't to say people do n't pirate music — of course they do . But it 's not safe to assume that they would otherwise buy the song , especially since there are other , much stronger economic factors . Which brings us back to the era of AOL and Y2K panic .
Buying Music Like It 's 1999
To understand why the music industry choked so badly in the 2000s , all you really have to do is look at the '90s . First of all , the music industry 's growth was unsustainable no matter how you slice it . Even if Shawn Fanning had decided to do something else with his life , if the iPod had never been invented , and digital music remained science fiction , the record industry still would have seen a precipitous drop . The '90s music boom was n't because of some magic moment , it was for a fairly basic reason : people were replacing their tapes and records with CDs .
Secondly , the music industry had a death grip on the process , and everybody knew a lot of it involved breaking the law . For example , part of those profits , it later turned out , were due to a price-fixing scheme . But it goes deeper than that : the major labels had a level of control over radio , a key marketing tool , that had endured for years , and had similar control over MTV .
And albums were profit machines . A single sold from a buck to $ 3 . An album sold , at minimum , for $ 15 in 1999 . The record industry actually has royalty structures in place that pay more if you deliver above a certain number of songs on an album . It was in their best interest to keep hit songs off of singles and push albums instead . And , of course , once a song dropped off the singles charts , it could be locked in “ Best Of ” albums for eternity .
So , this is how it worked , in 1999 : everybody was replacing their music collections with CDs being purchased at prices kept artificially inflated , and buying new music they were only exposed to by a tightly controlled marketing apparatus .
Enter the MP3 .
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Nov 6 , 2015 in Environment A new severe cyclonic storm , unprecedented in recorded history , is heading for the Arabian Peninsula three days after Cyclone Chapala dumped several years ' worth of rain in Southern Yemen . As of 7 a.m. EST Friday , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center put Megh 's winds at 50 mph , and predicted the storm will intensify into a Category 1 storm by Sunday when it will pass by the remote island of Socotra . Three people were killed and more than a third of Socotra 's population were displaced by Cyclone Chapala a few days ago . A spokesman for the U.N. World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) issued the following As far as WMO is aware , it is unprecedented to have back-to-back cyclones in this part of the Arabian Gulf in the space of a week . Megh is not nearly as intense as Chapala . It is not as big . But obviously the rainfall associated with this storm is going to make the problems caused by Chapala ... worse , and it will obviously complicate what is already a very complex humanitarian operation . Cyclonic storm Chapala is believed to have dumped more than 20 inches of rain in two days in and around the port city of Mukalla in Southern Yemen which on an average receives two inches of rain annually . The downpour triggered heavy flash floods and mudslides killing eight people and displacing around 50,000 . The 2015 Northern Hemisphere tropical cyclone ( TC ) season stands as the most Cyclonic Storm Megh continues to slowly organize over the Arabian Sea as the storm heads west towards Yemen . It is expected to strike southwestern Yemen as a weakened system by Tuesday . The storm is likely to dump large amounts of rain in areas already devastated by Cyclone Chapala last week.As of 7 a.m. EST Friday , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center put Megh 's winds at 50 mph , and predicted the storm will intensify into a Category 1 storm by Sunday when it will pass by the remote island of Socotra . Three people were killed and more than a third of Socotra 's population were displaced by Cyclone Chapala a few days ago.A spokesman for the U.N. World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) issued the following statement Cyclonic storm Chapala is believed to have dumped more than 20 inches of rain in two days in and around the port city of Mukalla in Southern Yemen which on an average receives two inches of rain annually . The downpour triggered heavy flash floods and mudslides killing eight people and displacing around 50,000.The 2015 Northern Hemisphere tropical cyclone ( TC ) season stands as the most active year for intense tropical cyclones on record with 21 category four or five tropical cyclones , highest since records began . More about Storm , Yemen , megh Storm Yemen megh
Obama Administration Takes Action on Climate ‘ Resilience '
President Obama issued an Executive Order on Friday establishing a new task force that will work to make U.S. communities more resilient to change-related impacts , such as heavy precipitation events , more frequent coastal flooding , and more severe and longer lasting heat waves .
The Executive Order enshrines the climate change buzzword of the post-Hurricane Sandy era — “ resilience ” — into the language of the federal bureaucracy by directing agencies to work with state , local , and tribal leaders to determine how they can make it easier for communities to prepare for climate change-related impacts .
Damage at the South Ferry subway stop in New York City following Hurricane Sandy on Oct. 30 , 2012 .
Credit : Flickr/Metropolitan Transportation Authority / Patrick Cashin .
The “ Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience ” will identify barriers to making resilient investments , such as a need to modify federal grant programs to provide incentives for construction projects that take climate change-related sea level rise into account , rather than encouraging communities to rebuild damaged property to outdated construction standards .
The directive defines “ resilience ” to mean “ the ability to anticipate , prepare for , and adapt to changing conditions and withstand , respond to , and recover rapidly from disruptions . ”
The task force will also make recommendations on what information resources they need to make more informed decisions related to climate change . A common complaint from decision makers at various levels of government is that climate change risk management tools are in their infancy , and data is scattered about the government at sites that can be difficult to navigate , such as NOAA 's National Climatic Data Center , the U.S . Global Change Research Program , and NASA .
The Executive Order also directs federal agencies to develop an open data portal within the data.gov domain , where leaders can access policy-relevant climate science information .
Stymied by congressional resistance to climate regulations , the White House has increasingly turned to executive actions to implement its climate policies , including Executive Orders . Such orders do not need congressional approval , but they can also be rescinded by subsequent presidents .
The task force already has 7 state governors on board — all of whom are Democrats — as well as the governor of Guam . Those officials include Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin , whose state was severely damaged by flooding during Tropical Storm Irene in 2011 . Local officials on the task force include Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles , Mayor Bob Dixson of Greensburg , Kan. , whose town was nearly wiped off the map by an EF-5 tornado in 2007 , and Dawn Zimmer of Hoboken , N.J. , whose city was severely flooded by Hurricane Sandy .
Hurricane Sandy alone caused at least $ 65 billion in damage , and hard-hit states such as New York and New Jersey are working with federal agencies to determine whether and how to rebuild some vulnerable coastal communities , particularly in light of the escalating risk of coastal flooding due to sea level rise .
The Executive Order goes beyond previous steps by directing federal agencies to “ develop and implement strategies to evaluate and address their most significant climate change-related risks. ” Under the Obama administration , agencies had already developed their first-ever climate change adaptation plans .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo ( center ) walks with HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan ( left ) on a post-Hurricane Sandy resilience tour in Lower Manhattan on Oct. 29 , 2013 .
Credit : N.Y. Governors Office .
To oversee the climate resilience activities of federal agencies , the White House is also creating an Interagency Council on Climate Preparedness and Resilience , co-chaired by the Council on Environmental Quality , the Office of Science and Technology Policy , and the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism .
The Executive Order follows on the heels of the Obama administration 's rollout of its Climate Action Plan in June , and greenhouse gas emissions limits on new coal-fired power plants , which were put forward in September .
Environmental groups , including the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Sierra Club , praised the White House 's announcement .
“ We strongly support reforming federal programs to reduce vulnerabilities to climate impacts and embedding climate risks across all governmental decision-making , ” said Mindy Lubber , president of Ceres , a nonprofit organization mobilizing business leadership on climate change .
“ In the past three years , federal taxpayers spent $ 6 on disaster cleanup for every $ 1 spent on community resilience , ” said Daniel J. Weiss , senior fellow and the director of climate strategy at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank in Washington .
Weiss also called on the new task force to identify a “ reliable ” stream of federal funds to go toward community resilience , rather than the current system of funding , which is dominated by post-disaster response bills .
Related Content
Hurricane Sandy : Coverage of the Storm and Its Aftermath
Hurricane Sandy Showed Limits of an Accurate Forecast
New EPA Emissions ' Regs Pass Little Punch on Climate
White House Rolls Out Sweeping Climate Measures
Breaking Down Key Features of Obama 's Climate Plan
It is rather remarkable that the shooting was not a major issue in the election . No campaigning by the family of young McDonald , no indictment , and no release of the video . Perhaps this had something to do with it , as reported by DNAinfo Chicago :
As Chicago is convulsed over video of Officer James McDonald emptying his gun into 17-year-old Laquan McDonald with 16 shots , Mayor Rahm Emanuel is so far escaping scrutiny over the city 's successful effort to suppress the shooting as an issue in his re-election campaign . The shooting took place on October 20 , 2014 , and Mayor Emanuel was facing a nonpartisan election four months later , on February 24 , 2015 . Since no one received a majority of the vote ( Emanuel received 46 % to runner-up Democratic Cook County Commissioner Jesús `` Chuy '' García 's 34 % ) , a run-off election was held on April 7 , with Emanuel winning 55.7 % of the vote and a second term .
The city has already paid a $ 5 million settlement to the family for the shooting .
The details of the shooting threatened to become public prior to the February election , but action was taken to keep the video under wraps and the fmaily quiet . The Chicago Reporter writes :
Last December , Kalven and Futterman issued a statement revealing the existence of a dash-cam video and calling for its release . Kalven tracked down a witness to the shooting , who said he and other witnesses had been “ shooed away ” from the scene with no statements or contact information taken . In February , Kalven obtained a copy of McDonald 's autopsy , which contradicted the official story that McDonald had died of a single gunshot to the chest . In fact , he 'd been shot 16 times—as Van Dyke unloaded his service revolver , execution style—while McDonald lay on the ground . The next month , the City Council approved a $ 5 million settlement with McDonald 's family , whose attorneys had obtained the video . They said it showed McDonald walking away from police at the time of the shooting , contradicting the police story that he was threatening or had “ lunged at ” cops . The settlement included a provision keeping the video confidential .
And the city fought hard to keep the video from the public eye :
I find it fascinating that the family was not pushing for the video release . Their public rationale :
The family 's attorneys said the family did not want to see it released : `` What mother would want to see the execution of her son over and over ? '' attorney Jeffrey Neslund said . But journalists , activists and the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois pressed the courts to make the video public .
No one would or will force the family to watch the video “ over and over. ” If you want to watch it , here it is :
Now , with his re-election accomplished , the mayor is coming to a judgment of Officer Van Dyke 's action before his trial :
Mayor Emanuel told reporters , `` We hold our police officers to a high standard , and obviously in this case , Jason Van Dyke violated the standards of professionalism of becoming a police officer , but also basic moral standards that bind our community together . ''
If I were Emanuel , I would be careful about using language like “ basic moral standards . ”
How long will it be until the mainstream media catches on about the payoff with public money that kept the video secret , the family quiet , and the mayor re-elected ?
Image caption Mr Gueant said he could not see how Libya could have any compromising documents
Nicolas Sarkozy 's former presidential election campaign head has rejected claims by Col Muammar Gaddafi 's son that they received funding from Libya .
Saif al-Islam Gaddafi said on Wednesday that Libya would publicise all its bank details relating to the 2007 election .
But French Interior Minister Claude Gueant insisted all electoral campaign accounts had to be verified by France 's Constitutional Council .
France has been spearheading efforts to impose a no-fly zone over Libya .
The issue is currently being considered by the UN Security Council , with the UK and France calling for an urgent resolution and the US suggesting that further measures are needed , as pro-Gaddafi forces advance towards the rebel-held city of Benghazi .
Mr Gueant , the president 's chief adviser for four years , told French radio station Europe 1 that if the Libyans had such incriminating material about Mr Sarkozy 's campaign funding , instead of `` saying it all the time , they should just go ahead and do it '' .
But he said that all electoral campaign accounts were audited , and the only financial profit that a campaign could make came from `` a cheque with a maximum of 4,600 euros ( £4,000 , $ 6,400 ) '' .
Responding to the claim that Libya had evidence of bank transfers , Mr Gueant said : `` I do n't see how they could have [ such comprising evidence ] since no such thing exists . ''
Clarification on the upcoming Segwit2x Fork
David Farmer Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 24 , 2017
In our prior blog post we indicated that at the time of the fork , the existing chain will be called Bitcoin and the Segwit2x fork will be called Bitcoin2x .
However , some customers asked us to clarify what will happen after the fork . We are going to call the chain with the most accumulated difficulty Bitcoin .
We will make a determination on this change , once we believe the forks are in a stable state . We may consider other factors such as market cap or community support to determine stability .
It 's important for us to keep a neutral position in any fork . We believe that letting the market decide is the best way to ensure that Bitcoin remains a fair and open platform .
This post is adapted from a conversation I had with my 14-year-old brother .
While there is a large number of things that can increase the happiness of a man , I believe only five are absolutely essential . They construct a pentagon :
Family & Friends
Human beings are social animals . All those studies that say alcohol is beneficial to your health actually measure the social benefits of drinking ( among other things ) , and not the effects of the drug itself . Truth is we need a stable circle of people to confide in and pass the time with . I accept solitude as a necessary feature of life , as even family members will come and go , but I know that I 'm a more grounded , stable person when I 'm anchored with other people that share my blood or personality type .
Health
If you 've ever had a serious health scare , you know how just about everything else fades into the background while you focus on repairing your body , but a lot of people continue to mortgage their future with unhealthy living . This is n't about living to 100 years old , but living the most number of years with a sound body that enables you to enjoy other points on the pentagon . I rather die at 50 , healthy as a horse , than living until 70 with half of those years afflicted by a chronic disease that could have been prevented .
Health is not only physical but mental , too , such as the case with depression and anxiety . I know that my mental health degrades when staying in the United States for an extended period of time , improving drastically once I hit the road .
Fulfilling Work
It 's hard to approach other areas with vigor and optimism if you do n't look forward to each and every day , something that only a fulfilling job can give . Otherwise you may fall into ruts that involve drug abuse and wasteful habits like television watching or obsessing about the news . There are too many hours in a day to suffer not having something that stimulates your brain and allows you to feel that you 're making a positive difference in the world .
One good thing about my generation is that they are less patient with boring jobs . You wo n't find us working in factories ( like there are any , anyway ) and it 's common for men to take a year or two off to explore things on their own in order to discover the type of life that tailors them best . You probably already know several men who are doing what they love , with gigs that most likely started as an extension of their hobbies . We live in an age where a budding writer , musician , artist , or entrepreneur can succeed with desire and hard work , something that was considerably harder twenty years ago . Old excuses for being stuck in a dead-end office job are no longer valid .
Women
We ca n't fight the genetics that nature has given us , which says that we need to mate with fit members of our species . It is undeniable that a man is most happy when he 's sexually active . There is a point of diminishing return where too many women will not increase happiness , but there is a basal level of sex that I 'm sure releases beneficial hormones into the male bloodstream , allowing him to more easily focus on other aspects of the pentagon . For most of my 20s , my main focus was on women , but as I can now stay sexually active with a smaller amount of effort , my focus has easily shifted to accomplishing other goals .
Money
Lack of money limits your options for achieving other areas like health and women . One problem with the Western man is that even though he is making a lot of money ( compared to men from other countries ) , his lifestyle is too high maintenance and full of consumer waste . His income is high but because he does n't save , he will never see the benefits that a pile of cash can give him , such as peace of mind and extra options during stressful times when he experiences a direct hit to work or health areas . The Western man ends up worrying more about the future than a poor man living in a Brazilian favela .
Currently I 'm more financially secure than I 've ever been in my life , but I live like a frugal man because I know that an upgrade in lifestyle with more “ stuff ” will not result in an increase in happiness . I enjoy my time with simple experiences while letting money in the bank balance the ups and downs that will get thrown at me .
Understand that every point is connected and always affecting each other :
In America it 's hard to have health with money , and even an overindulgence with women can result in health problems . A problem with work may strain relationships with family and friends , or hammer your energy so that you do n't have enough left over for women . Here 's the happy man “ pentagon ” that we have been trained to believe since birth :
Many Western men believe money , above all else , will lead to happiness , but your life can still be bleak if you are rich but have n't worked on the other areas .
I ca n't say I 'm too optimistic for the Western man . It is now exceedingly difficult for him to find a decent woman , regardless of his income . He has the least amount of friends of any culture , and he has to deal with the most expensive health care system in the world along with diminishing job prospects . While expatriation is an idea that may improve the life of many men , it will not bring him more happiness than if was already born into a society whose soil was fertile enough for his development . Western land has become an increasingly harsh environment for robust crop cultivation .
The key to happiness is balance . While a short-term excess with one point wo n't hurt you , prolonged obsession with women , work , or money , for example , will definitely cause other areas to suffer . Is there a book written on how this balance can be achieved ? Is there a man who can be modeled ? I do n't believe so . You must determine the best mix for yourself by being mindful about working on all five areas . That usually means working hard on your goals , changing comfortable routines , taking risks , and being a real man instead of a chump that modern culture is telling you to be . You must carefully stop and think at what affects your being . You must make the right changes , and you must embrace a lifelong process that will make you not only happier , but the best man that you can be .
Old English word `` speech , talk , utterance , sentence , statement , news , report , word , '' from Proto-Germanic * wurda- ( source also of Old Saxon , Old Frisian word , Dutch woord , Old High German , German wort , Old Norse orð , Gothic waurd ) , from PIE * were- ( 3 ) `` speak , say '' ( see verb ) .
The meaning `` promise '' was in Old English , as was the theological sense . In the plural , the meaning `` verbal altercation '' ( as in to have words with someone ) dates from mid-15c . Word processor first recorded 1971 ; word processing is from 1972 ; word wrap is from 1977 . A word to the wise is from Latin phrase verbum sapienti satis est `` a word to the wise is enough . '' Word-for-word is late 14c . Word of mouth is recorded from 1550s .
It is dangerous to leave written that which is badly written . A chance word , upon paper , may destroy the world . Watch carefully and erase , while the power is still yours , I say to myself , for all that is put down , once it escapes , may rot its way into a thousand minds , the corn become a black smut , and all libraries , of necessity , be burned to the ground as a consequence . [ William Carlos Williams , `` Paterson '' ]
Arkansas at Alabama Football 2011 65 Galleries : Arkansas at Alabama Football 2011
AL.com is sharing stories this week with the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , which covers the Arkansas Razorbacks thoroughly . Here is today 's column by Democrat-Gazette sports editor Wally Hall :
By WALLY HALL
Arkansas Democrat-Gazette
TUSCALOOSA , Alabama -- Long before Alabama 's Trent Richardson took a screen pass 61 yards for a touchdown in the third quarter , Alabama had all it needed to beat the Arkansas Razorbacks . Touchdowns on a trick play , an interception and a punt return were more than enough to hold off the Hogs in a game that was n't as close as the 38-14 final score . Alabama simply dominated . They were the best Saturday and maybe every Saturday for weeks to come . The Crimson Tide were better than the Hogs on offense , defense and special teams . They controlled the line of scrimmage and the Razorbacks from start to finish . Yes , the Razorbacks played hard and never gave up , but without a semblance of a running game they were as predictable as Saturday 's weather forecast . It was almost as if the Crimson Tide were eavesdropping in the huddle ; oh yeah , the Hogs did n't huddle much and Bama , which practices against the no huddle every day , was ready for anything and everything . Bobby Petrino was so desperate for some yards on the ground he called a reverse to Joe Adams from his 20 . Without so much as a blink , Alabama smothered the play for a loss of 7 yards . At the half , the Hogs had minus-6 yards rushing and 89 yards total . Bama had 96 yards rushing and 114 through the air . That 's balance , which obviously you ca n't have if you do n't have a running game . A little of the blame falls on Ronnie Wingo , who had a 26-yard touchdown run called back because an offensive lineman held , and some on the offensive line . Credit Alabama 's D the most . It did n't help the Hogs that starting defensive end Jake Bequette was out with a hamstring injury and that in the first series . they lost the other starting defensive end Tank Wright ( and we wo n't even bring up running back Knile Davis ) , but that did n't cost them the game . What hurt the Hogs most was Alabama . This Crimson Tide defense looked better than the one two years ago when Alabama won here 35-7 . That year , Alabama went undefeated and won the BCS national championship . Mark Ingram won the Heisman Trophy that year , too . Richardson should be a strong candidate for that honor before this season is over . He 's harder to tackle than an out-of- control freight train on a mile-long downhill run . It is easier to get a hand on a full-speed bowling ball than Richardson . He 's quick and fast enough to drive your car before you know your keys are gone . He gives all new meaning to Roll Tide Roll . He and Eddie Lacy are why Alabama has balance on offense . And the Crimson Tide defense is the backbone of this team . The past 10 times the No . 1 SEC offense met the No . 1 defense , the offense won eight times . On Saturday , there was not a threat of that becoming nine times . Tyler Wilson probably needs industrial strength Tylenol today he was pounded so hard , and too often , by a Bama defender . Tide defenders locked down receivers like it was midnight at the Tuscaloosa County Jail . It was Bobby Petrino 's worst loss since his first season when the Hogs fell to Texas 52-10 and Alabama 49-14 a week earlier . This was not play-calling or preparation though . It was a lack of execution and much of that was because the Crimson Tide were so dominating . They dictated the outcome of the majority of the plays . Saturday , Arkansas played a team that very well could play for another BCS national championship at the end of this season . Alabama looked that good from start to finish .
A LARGE shark was sighted in the Swan River on Thursday , with reports that the 2.5 metre predator came within 15 metres of the shore in Nedlands .
Surf Life Saving WA received a report from a member of the public of a “ 2.5 metre white shark ” was swimming near the Nedlands Yacht Club about 12.30pm .
Camera Icon The Eliza statue , in the Swan River after Aussie Cadel Evans won the Tour de France in 2011 . Picture : News Limited
In January PerthNow reported a spate of bull shark sightings in the Swan and Canning River systems .
From December to January , there were 11 unverified bull shark sightings reported on the State Government 's SharkSmart website , as far upstream as Bassendean .
But the Department of Fisheries says an increase in sightings during summer is nothing out of the ordinary .
“ As temperatures heat up , and during school holidays , more people are out on the water and making reports , so this is likely to account for an increase in reported sightings at this time of year , ” Fisheries fin fish supervising scientist Brett Molony said .
In March , Perth man Robin Morritt , 61 , filmed a close encounter with a sandbar shark just metres from the Swan River shore at Matilda Bay .
The juvenile shark , estimated to be 1.5 metres long , was swimming near the Royal Perth Yacht Club .
Camera Icon Perth man Robin Morritt filmed a close encounter with a sandbar shark in the Swan River near the Royal Perth Yacht Club . Picture : Supplied
Dolphin and bull shark sightings are relatively common in the Swan River , and there is also a historic report of a fatal shark attack in Perth 's main waterway .
A 13-year-old Scotch College student was attacked and killed when he was swimming near the college boatshed in January 1923 .
He was bitten on the back of the thigh , but died about two hours later from shock and loss of blood .
Baltimore Ravens Look To Soar With NFL 's Best After Upgrading Video Production at M & T Bank Stadium
The team is adding two 4K video displays , upgrading video-control room in first phase of a project to enhance fan experience
Story Highlights
With two Super Bowl victories and a wealth of playoff appearances in their 21-year history , the Baltimore Ravens continually prove that they 're among the NFL 's best on the field . Behind the scenes , that commitment to being a league leader is abundantly clear in the organization 's approach to in-game entertainment at M & T Bank Stadium .
Located in downtown Baltimore , M & T Bank Stadium opened in 1998 ; its video-control room , on the stadium 's press-box level , was upgraded to HD in 2010 . Two videoboards , each measuring 100 by 24 ft. , sit low in the stands in both end zones . Though HD , the videoboards do n't have the real estate to show the live game content , fan prompts , out-of-town scores , and fantasy stats that today 's fans expect .
To revitalize the fan experience and reclaim their position in the upper echelons of NFL game-day entertainment , the Ravens have embarked on a three-year , $ 120 million , self-funded upgrade of M & T Bank Stadium . The first phase , which will be completed in time for the 2017 season , includes two new 4K UHD video displays and an expanded and renovated video-control room .
“ What drove this was that the Ravens have a commitment to always be a leader in game-day entertainment and presentation for the fans . That 's what it comes down to for us , ” says Jay O'Brien , VP , broadcasting and gameday productions , Baltimore Ravens . “ Adding larger video screens was really important to us . I believe where our video screens are located is the best place for a video screen to be located for a football game , because we 're down low [ in the bowl ] . We wanted to keep that . ”
The new video displays , designed by PrismView – A Samsung Electronics Company , will occupy that location : below the upper level in each end zone . But , at 200 by 36 ft. each , they double the width of the old displays and give the RavensVision production team a significantly larger canvas . An LED ribbon display , circling the stadium at suite level , will also be added before phase one is completed in late July .
“ We wanted the highest-resolution boards we could get , ” says O'Brien . “ We wanted the brightest boards that we could get because of the way the sun hits our stadium , and we wanted [ them ] to be as big as we could get while still maintaining great views for our fans and certainly not obstructing or removing seats . We filled basically every inch we could fill . ”
The display 's location , says O'Brien , is particularly beneficial as a competitive advantage : not only can players see each other and energize the crowd and each other between plays , but O'Brien 's team can easily use the boards to play back multiple angles of a critical play for Ravens coaches to view and potentially challenge a referee 's call . In fact , the RavensVision crew will have 11 manned cameras — nine Sony HDC-4300 hard cameras , two Sony HDC-2400 wireless — and five Evertz DreamCatcher operators at each home game to capture and play back these angles . The team is upgrading its existing DreamCatchers ( the team was an early adopter of the popular replay server ) as part of the control-room renovation .
“ For us , replay is a home-field advantage , ” explains O'Brien . “ With the number of camera angles and the number of replay operators we will have , we will be prepared to get a critical replay to our RavensVision screens very quickly . If that leads to our team 's challenging a play , then we have impacted the game and created an extra home-field advantage . We also think that these new boards are going to increase the energy level at our stadium , which is already rocking . We want our fans to be loud , and we think the boards are brought that excitement . ”
With two new 4K video displays to populate ( four additional 4K displays will be installed prior to the 2018 season ) , the Ravens needed a control-room overhaul . The team was able to expand the footprint of the existing control room , server room , and storage area while maintaining the control room 's view of the team 's extravagant player intros before kickoff , a Ravens home-game tradition .
The team needed to expand its router capabilities as well . Its previous baseband router had filled up even before any 4K production was introduced , requiring either a much larger baseband router or a different approach to routing . Working with systems integrator BeckTV and Evertz , the Ravens opted for an Evertz EXE router and a hybrid IP infrastructure .
“ It 's a hybrid workflow , so there is conversion from IP to baseband for a lot of the gear and there 's a lot of pure IPs , ” explains BeckTV Systems Engineer Peter Dernbach . “ Replay is pure IP , monitoring is pure IP , signal processing is pure IP . Then , when we get into cameras and graphics , it 's hybrid : it 's baseband that we 're converting into IP . The router fabric is all pure IP . ”
The Ravens also worked with Ross Video , selecting an Acuity production switcher and XPression graphics . A Viz Arena system is also in use serving up the 1st and 10 line . Going into year one , O'Brien plans to have two technical directors manning the production switcher : one will be responsible for the live game coverage , including pregame and halftime ; the other will handle full-screen takeovers , fan prompts , and commercial elements . When the four additional 4K displays , each measuring 33 by 44 ft. , are installed atop the stadium 's four “ Corner Notch ” suites , a third TD will be added . In total , the Ravens will have 60 people working on the RavensVision game-day production .
In addition to the 11 manned cameras , the Ravens will have around 10 robotic cameras contributing to the game-day production . And , for the third year , the Ravens will leverage Intel 's freeD 360-degree replay technology as part of its game-day production and give fans one more reason to see their team play in person .
“ We want M & T Bank Stadium to be the place that you watch a Ravens game , ” says O'Brien . “ We want our experience to be better than the home experience — the home experience is great , the national networks do a great job covering the game — but , with 11 manned cameras and a number of robotic cameras around the stadium , we want to give our fans in the stadium more than what they 're getting at home . … We always want to have a ‘ wow factor ' for our fans . ”
Trump has yet to settle qualms regarding his foundation and University . ( Photo credit : Ninian Reid/Flickr )
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , a Democrat , just confirmed his investigation into the Trump Foundation for possibly violating New York law governing nonprofits . New revelations on Trump 's relationship with Florida GOP Attorney General Pam Bondi recently thrust the foundation into the spotlight , spawning greater scrutiny .
But there is a glaring omission in Schneiderman 's watchdog agenda : the Clinton Foundation .
Schneiderman 's suspect timing
As Reuters notes , Schneiderman 's office sent the Trump Foundation a letter earlier this year regarding their investigation , which focused on the $ 25,000 donation to And Justice For All , a political committee affiliated with Bondi 's re-election campaign . It is illegal for a charitable organization such as the Trump Foundation to contribute to a political organization .
Although Schneiderman 's office has been investigating Trump 's charity and Trump University for months , Schneiderman 's recent media tour touting the inquiry raises eyebrows .
So far , only an unnamed source has given specifics , telling Politico that the attorney general 's office “ has opened an inquiry into the Trump Foundation based on troubling transactions that have recently come to light . ”
Meredith McGehee , policy director at the Campaign Legal Center , was surprised by the timing of Schneiderman 's investigation .
“ It politicizes what should be a law enforcement matter , ” said McGehee . “ There can be some real downsides as it makes people wonder if there 's a political motivation . Tradition in this country is that [ attorneys general ] are not political , but they 're elected . They 're political creatures by nature . ”
Schneiderman thinks differently .
“ This is not political , ” Schneiderman said in an interview with CBS This Morning . “ If I 'm a traffic cop , but I 'm a Democrat , if [ Trump ] speeds by me , I have to give him a ticket . ”
Schneiderman sued Trump University earlier this summer and called it a “ scheme to fleece thousands of people all over America out of millions of dollars . ”
N.Y. Attorney General Eric Schneiderman . ( Photo credit : Kelly Campbell/Wikipedia )
“ We 've inquired into it , ” Schneiderman told CNN 's Jake Tapper , referring to the Trump Foundation . “ My interest in this issue really is in my capacity as regulator of nonprofits in New York state , and we have been concerned that the Trump Foundation may have engaged in some impropriety from that point of view . ”
However , if Schneiderman is a traffic cop , he is standing idly by as the Clinton Foundation speeds past him , without so much as giving them a citation .
Turning a blind eye ?
Scripps News found that the Clinton Foundation accepted $ 225 million in government donations between 2010 and 2014 — a significant discrepancy between what Clinton 's Health Access Initiative ( CHAI ) told New York state and what it told the IRS .
According to Scripps , “ That year , CHAI reported only $ 242,099 in ‘ Total Government Contributions ' to New York regulators , and that number included only domestic grants . But for the same time period in 2010 it told the IRS it received $ 26,740,319 in foreign and domestic government grants . ”
Schneiderman is also a Democrat who serves on Clinton 's leadership council in New York state . He hosted a fundraiser for her in June , and in 2015 , Schneiderman gave the Clinton campaign $ 2,700 , the maximum personal contribution allowed under federal law .
“ It 's a political judgment question , ” said McGehee . “ Schneiderman has political authority but the expectation is that the attorneys general will ensure the law is enforced above politics . That 's been the tradition in this country and seeing this brings that tradition into question . ”
The Trump Foundation deserves as much scrutiny as the candidate himself ; the Clinton Foundation does as well .
Foreign funding
While not required by federal law , New York state has strict requirements for disclosure . Charities must disclose the name of each agency and the amount of each contribution received from government agencies each year .
Scripps News reported that Schneiderman “ has the power to force the Clinton Foundation and the CHAI to publicly disclose ” gifts from foreign governments . But he has n't enforced the existing rules so — he 's just vowed to clarify them .
John Wonderlich , Sunlight 's executive director , told Scripps that the Clinton Foundation should follow the clearly laid out disclosure rules . “ It appears as though the Clinton Health Access Initiative is attempting to disclose less than the law requires , and to deflect blame onto the attorney general 's office as though financial disclosure requirements are individually negotiated on a by-request basis , ” he said .
No other nonprofit in New York , Schneiderman said , had to “ disclose contributions of foreign governments . To single out the Clinton Foundation would be grossly unfair , ” despite the law requiring otherwise .
Wonderlich disagrees .
“ Even if there have been other organizations that failed to disclose their foreign donors , that 's not an excuse for the Clinton Foundation to not disclose their foreign donors , and it 's not an excuse for Schneiderman 's office to fail to enforce the law , ” Wonderlich said .
While Wonderlich advocates for following the letter of the law , McGehee thinks both investigations run the risk of politicking .
“ He should n't be investigating either Trump or Clinton , ” said McGehee . “ It 's not the time for either . We 're now in the silly season . He should n't be engaging in any of these investigations at this moment . ”
Schneiderman should have fully addressed the Clinton concerns at the time of the disclosure filings , which would have dated back to 2010 . Without enforcement , the public will stay in the dark about foreign entities giving money to not just the Clinton Foundation , but any charity . These opaque practices do n't need clarification , they need sunlight – whatever season it happens to be .
Hillary Clinton in Council Bluffs , Iowa Sunday , ( Photo : European Pressphoto Agency )
Hillary Clinton is infusing her final pitch to Iowa caucus goers with the populist fury that helped Sen. Bernie Sanders become a serious challenger for the 2016 Democratic Party 's presidential nomination .
In school gyms , college campuses and other venues , the former secretary of State is trying to convince Democrats she is both the heir to President Obama 's legacy and a scrappy fighter who shares their outrage over the struggles of the middle class and the poor .
The balance Clinton wants to strike between pragmatism – she says , unlike Sanders , she can get things done in Washington because she wants to build on Obama 's programs – and her populist message was on display at one of her final campaign stops in Council Bluffs . After praising Obama 's record , Clinton said she 's the candidate most capable of achieving change . “ I do n't want to overpromise and under deliver , ” said Clinton , without mentioning Sanders by name . “ I 'd rather under promise and over deliver , ” she said .
Then she pivoted to a list of national priorities including improving early childhood education , infrastructure and manufacturing jobs . Clinton said she 's been questioned about how to pay for these programs . “ We 're going to get it from the wealthy , ” she said , “ from the people who 've done very well in this economy even during the Great Recession , ” she said .
Clinton is proposing a 30 % effective tax rate on annual income over $ 1 million and a 4 % “ fair share ” tax on income over $ 5 million . “ These guys are geniuses at evading taxes , ” sending money through the Bahamas or Bermuda , said Clinton . “ That is corrosive to our democracy , ” she said . “ I 've been pretty worked up about a lot of this . ”
A new poll from The Des Moines Register shows Sanders and Clinton running neck and neck just one day before Iowans hold their caucuses . It also forecasts a smaller turnout of first-time participants than in the 2008 election , something that could benefit Clinton . Yet Sanders has a strong base of enthusiastic supporters who could help him pull off a major victory if they attend .
Clinton can still win the nomination if she loses Iowa , but it makes her path more treacherous . Sanders is favored to win in the next voting state , New Hampshire , which borders his home state of Vermont . Clinton is strong in the series of Southern states with populations of black voters that follow-on March 1 , including South Carolina . Yet if she loses Iowa , it could stretch the competition well into March , an extended fight her campaign hopes to avoid .
John Price , a 49-year-old from Council Bluffs , was among the undecided Democrats in the audience . “ We need some significant change and we need it fast , ” said Jones . “ We are moving in a very bad direction economically in terms of social justice issues . Bernie 's talking very aggressively about that , but the question is who 's going to get it done over the next four years . ”
Clinton has deployed an army of surrogates in the final hours of the Iowa battle . Iowa Senate majority leader Michael Gronstal sought to convince voters like Jones that she 's battle tested . “ Hillary Clinton has had everything thrown at her , ” he said . “ But she 's chose to stay and fight , ” said Gronstal . Jones said he was `` leaning '' her way after the speech .
Clinton is kicking off many of her rallies with professional video highlighting her career history , including a 1995 speech in which she went to Beijing and declared that “ women 's rights are human 's rights . ”
Joan Wagnon , a 75-year-old former Kansas lawmaker and party chair who drove up to door knock for Clinton , said she is “ misunderstood ” by younger female voters . “ They do n't know she 's been fighting for these issues from the very beginning , ” said Wagnon , who worked with Clinton in the 1990s to help orphans get adopted .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1WVFahl
The 2017 NFL Draft will be held in Philadelphia from April 27 to 29 . Expect to hear Commissioner say `` Alabama '' a bunch of times , most of all on Day 1 .
Though the Draft is a long way off , the Mock Drafts are up and running at full speed . Below is a sampling of some of the top draft `` experts '' and their Alabama choices .
# Team Daniel Jeremiah NFL.com Bucky Brooks NFL.com Lance Zierlein NFL.com Chad Reuter NFL.com Charley Casserly NFL.com Rob
Rang
CBS Dane
Brugler
CBS Todd McShay ESPN Mel Kiper ESPN Walter Football Chris Burke
SI Nick Klopsis Newsday Steve Palazzolo profootballfocus.com 1 Cleveland Browns
2 San Francisco 49ers
Jonathan Allen
3 Chicago Bears Jonathan Allen Jonathan Allen
Jonathan Allen
Jonathan Allen
4 Jacksonville Jaguars
Jonathan Allen
Jonathan Allen
Jonathan Allen Jonathan Allen 5 Tennessee Titans ( from L.A. Rams ) Reuben Foster
Reuben Foster
6 New York Jets
Reuben Foster
Tim Williams
7 Los Angeles Chargers
Cam Robinson
8 Carolina Panthers
Cam Robinson
Marlon Humphrey
9 Cincinnati Bengals
Reuben Foster
Tim Williams
Reuben Foster
Reuben Foster
Reuben Foster
10 Buffalo Bills
Cam Robinson
11 New Orleans Saints
Reuben Foster
Reuben Foster
Tim Williams
Reuben Foster 12 Cleveland Browns ( from Phila ) O.J . Howard
Reuben Foster
13 Arizona Cardinals
Marlon Humphrey
Reuben Foster
Marlon Humphrey
14 or 15 * Indianapolis Colts
14 or 15 * Philadelphia Eagles ( from Minn )
Marlon Humphrey
Marlon Humphrey
16 Baltimore Ravens
Cam Robinson
Tim Williams 17 Washington Redskins
18 Tennessee Titans
Marlon Humphrey O.J . Howard
Marlon Humphrey O.J . Howard
19 Tampa Bay Buccaneers
O.J . Howard
O.J . Howard
O.J . Howard
20 Denver Broncos
21 Detroit Lions
Tim Williams
Cam Robinson
Tim Williams
22 Miami Dolphins
O.J . Howard
O.J . Howard
23 New York Giants
O.J . Howard
24 Oakland Raiders
25 Houston Texans
Cam Robinson
Cam Robinson
26 Seattle Seahawks Marlon Humphrey
Cam Robinson
Marlon Humphrey
Cam Robinson
Marlon Humphrey
Marlon Humphrey 27 Kansas City Chiefs
28 Dallas Cowboys
Tim Williams
29 Green Bay Packers
O.J . Howard
30 Pittsburgh Steelers
Tim Williams
31 Atlanta Falcons
32 New England Patriots
O.J . Howard
Tim Williams
O.J . Howard
O.J . Howard TOTAL TIDE PLAYERS 4 6 6 4 6 5 5 5 6 5 5 6 5
* Draft order will be determined via a coin flip at the 2017 NFL Scouting Combine
While some of the picks seem to be all over the place , Jonathan Allen is a unanimous choice to be a top four selection . Reuben Foster does not appear to be available after the 13th pick .
Police urge anyone who may have taken particular form of drug to seek medical attention after teenager dies in Manchester
A teenage girl has died in Greater Manchester after taking ecstasy at a sold-out clubbing event attended by up to 5,000 people , prompting police to warn others who may have taken the drug to urgently seek medical attention .
The girl , aged 17 , had an adverse reaction to a form of ecstasy known as “ MasterCard ” in the early hours of Monday at Victoria Warehouse in Trafford , Greater Manchester police said . She died in hospital a short time later .
She is believed to have taken the small pink pill at an event called Do n't Let Daddy Know ( DLDK ) .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Victoria Warehouse , where the Do n't Let Daddy Know party was held . Photograph : Alamy
DI Helen Bell from the police force 's Trafford division said : “ We are appealing to anyone who may have taken this form of ecstasy , known as ‘ MasterCard ' , to get checked out urgently . Even if you took it some hours ago , this pill will still be in your system and could be seriously harming your health . ”
She added : “ This is a tragic situation – the death of a young person is always devastating – but in these circumstances , it is all the more heartbreaking . My thoughts are with her family and friends at this time .
“ Sadly we know it is very unlikely that the girl was the only person to have taken this drug last night . ”
DLDK kicked off at 9pm on Sunday and ran until 6am on Monday . Police officers were called to the venue at 5am following reports the teenage girl had fallen ill .
According to the Victoria Warehouse website , DLDK featured “ world entertainment , cutting-edge production and mind-blowing special effects ” . The DJ lineup included Showtek , Blasterjaxx , Don Diablo , Laidback Luke , Ummet Ozcan , Florian Picasso , Sem Vox , and Third Party .
Anyone with information about what happened or where the drug came from is urged to call police on 0161 8567662 or 101 , or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
The teenager 's death comes just over a month after that of a 16-year-old , Sky Nicol , who died in Darwen , Lancashire , after she was suspected of taking ecstasy .
Lancashire Police said that they believed she had taken “ a quantity of drugs ” before she died after suffering a “ suspected cardiac arrest ” . A 16-year-old girl was later arrested on suspicion of supplying ecstasy .
The deaths of three men in Suffolk and a fourth in Telford , Shropshire , were blamed last year on a batch carrying the Superman motif .
Suffolk police offered a temporary drug amnesty to anyone who surrendered the red or pink tablets of ecstasy , inscribed with a Superman-style “ S ” in their centre .
Investigators believe that the pills involved were made with a high concentration of the chemical PMMA instead of MDMA , usually the main component of ecstasy .
Three of the deaths included those of John Hocking , 20 , from Rendlesham , Justas Ropas , 22 , who was living in Ipswich and Gediminas Kulokas , 24 , who was also living in the town . They all died over the Christmas and New Year period last year .
A verdict of accidental drug related deaths in the cases of all three men was recorded last September by a coroner in Suffolk , Peter Dean , who said that the showed the extreme hazards of drug use .
“ Even if other people you know have taken ( drugs ) without adverse effects you do not know you will not succumb , ” he added .
“ People consuming them do not know the effects of that individual tablet on them . ”
The use of ecstasy , as well as LSD , among young adults spiked in the two years up to a survey which was published last July . Its results indicated the numbers taking the drugs in the previous 12 months were up 84 % and 175 % respectively .
Compared to the two years before , an estimated 157,000 more people aged 16-24 took ecstasy over the year leading up to the publication of the statistics from the Crime Survey of England and Wales .
Goji Berry ( Lycium barbarum ) is also commonly known as Wolfberry . Like many of the herbs and natural supplements that have been found in Asia , Goji Berry is known to have many positive effects for people who want to promote overall body health .
Goji has been around for more than 6,000 years and during that time , its virtues have been explored in various tests . Scientists have found that people can benefit greatly from the use of Goji for a number of reasons , which confirms the beliefs of the Chinese herbalists who have used the berry for decades to treat people with a host of different ailments .
Cancer study
A clinical study carried out on 79 cancer patients in 1994 , found that a combination of immunotherapy with Lycium Barbarum polysaccharides ( found in goji berries ) was more successful in treating patients with various forms of cancer than those who received immunotherapy alone .
Antioxidants
Goji berries contain vitamin C , as well as vitamin B2 , vitamin A , iron and selenium . The test tube experiments found that Goji Berry was good for promoting proper cell growth and the antioxidants found within it were very powerful in disease prevention . One of the interesting finds was that Goji could help lower glucose levels in individuals and also lower cholesterol in some people .
The antioxidants in goji berries boost immune function and can improve long-term health . Having to constantly fight off cold or the flu can weigh on the body and make life difficult for people . In order to stay healthy for longer , the body has to stay sharp and this can only happen when you are free of disease . In this way , vitality and long term function is increased by Goji Berry , for those who wish to take an holistic approach to their health .
What does Goji Berry improve specifically ?
There are many different areas that have shown improvement because of the use of this treatment , which comes with a pretty high price tag in China . The price is justified by the fact that Goji does so much for the body and most people see it is an investment in their long term health . The antioxidants within Goji are most well known for fighting off disease within the liver . For people who want to protect their liver in the face of alcohol or drug use , the berry supplements can be especially helpful .
Likewise , there are some small , subsidiary effects that have come along with Goji Berry . Improved eyesight is thought to be a positive effect , while increased leg strength is , as well . This promotes the theory that the berry helps to improve the body as a whole , instead of just helping to improve any one particular area . With this knowledge , people have been much more likely to try Goji as a part of their daily routine . Those who use it daily have found that Goji increases their energy levels to a point where they feel more able and much more refreshed than in the past .
Goji Berry as a sexual enhancer
Though its primary role is in preventing disease , Goji Berry has also been found to help increase fertility in women and help improve sexual function in men . One reason for this is that it improves circulation throughout the body , allowing people to perform at their peak in a host of different activities . Sexual activity is one of those and although it is a nice side effect , it is not the focus of Goji Berry .
All in all , Goji is popular not just for one purpose , but because it helps to improve the body in lots of different ways . The tests have shown that it has significant power to both prevent and help cure diseases such as cancer , while other tests have proven Goji to be an effective holistic treatment . Total body health and keeping in tune for the long run is a concern for most , so it figures that those people would want to use Goji to not only lengthen life , but improve the quality of their life .
Buy Photo Chillicothe Police ( Photo : Frank Robertson/Gazette ) Buy Photo
A former Chillicothe Police Department officer investigated for an alleged sexual assault and possible misuse of state police databases could get another job in law enforcement , according to an agreement he reached with the city earlier this month .
William Stansberry Jr. reached the agreement through his union representative and representatives with the city Dec. 3 . Stansberry had been on paid administrative leave since Nov. 15 after a city woman made a sexual assault allegation against him . Prosecutors later decided not to pursue a criminal case against the now-former officer because they believed the sex was consensual .
Because Stansberry resigned , he would not be prosecuted on any charges related to the investigation . In the agreement , the city also agreed not to place information about the incident or the investigation into Stansberry 's personnel file and that a neutral letter of reference would be provided to him .
Capt . Keith A. Washburn , who serves as interim police chief for the department , said the agreement was reached after negotiations between the Fraternal Order of Police Ohio Labor Council and the city .
`` Realistically , he could work again , '' Washburn said Thursday , adding he thinks any future employer would look extensively into Stansberry 's work with the city police .
According to the agreement , Stansberry , 38 , will get a neutral letter of reference from the city as part of his agreement to resign . Washburn said the letter will only contain employment dates , job duties and what his starting and ending salaries were . The agreement also states the city will not include any information about the incident or investigations in Stansberry 's personnel file .
`` The documents ca n't be destroyed , but they are housed in a separate file inside the city , '' Washburn said .
Washburn referred questions about the specifics of the sexual abuse allegation to the Ross County Sheriff 's Office . Prosecutor Matt Schmidt said late Thursday that the report would be available today .
Washburn told the Gazette he first heard of the sexual assault claim Nov. 14 when an Adena Medical Center nurse trained in sexual assault cases called the Ross County Sheriff 's Office to tell them the victim had identified a city police officer as the suspect . When Sheriff George Lavender and Schmidt went to the hospital , the victim had already left .
Early the next morning , on Nov. 15 , the victim returned to the hospital and later spoke with sheriff 's detectives . At that time , the victim identified Stansberry as the suspect . Later that morning , Stansberry was placed on paid administrative leave and the sheriff 's office — where Stansberry worked in the jail before joining the city police force — was asked to probe the criminal complaint .
`` ( The sheriff 's office ) was asked to do so because they have jurisdiction throughout the entire county , '' Washburn said . `` We handed this off . I do n't know of any other way we could have handled it and satisfied the public , just based on the allegations . There 's no good way to look at it . ''
In the course of that investigation , Washburn said the victim claimed she saw her picture on a computer inside Stansberry 's cruiser at one point . This prompted a request to the Ohio State Highway Patrol to investigate a possible misuse of state criminal databases .
Later , the prosecutor 's office decided not to charge Stansberry with a crime , and the internal investigation began Dec. 1 .
`` We wanted to avoid any conflicts , so we called Pike County and Sheriff ( Richard ) Henderson agreed to handle that part of the case , '' Washburn said , adding that a city police sergeant and a Pike County major began that probe Dec. 3 .
Meanwhile , the wheels that resulted in Stansberry 's resignation started with a call from the police union to Washburn on Dec. 2 , and he resigned the next day .
Washburn said he understands how the incident affects public perception of the department .
`` I know we did the right thing , '' he said . `` I knew when I first found out about this that we would receive a hit and get a black eye out of this . I just want this whole thing to be transparent . I hope the public can agree with what we did . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //ohne.ws/1DjLtVS
Kyrie Irving wants the Knicks . Derrick Rose did not .
The divorce was mutual when Rose accepted the Cavaliers ' veteran minimum for one year , $ 2.1 million last week .
The Knicks , who kept in contact with Rose until the end , never offered him the veteran 's minimum , according to an NBA source .
Knicks brass believes newly acquired veteran point guard Ramon Sessions will be better suited as a mentor to 19-year-old Frenchman Frank Ntilikina . The organization also believes Sessions might forge better chemistry with Kristaps Porzingis and Carmelo Anthony — if Anthony is not traded .
In the end , Knicks president Steve Mills may have been tipped Rose had lost interest , too . Rose crossed the Knicks off his list after point-guard-of-the-future Ntilikina was drafted and almost all of their cap space was spent on Tim Hardaway Jr. — making a clear commitment to rebuild .
Rose does n't speak French and wanted no part of mentoring .
“ Did we miss something ? , ” Rose 's agent B.J . Armstrong asked The Post . “ Is there something going [ on ] in New York we did n't see ? We all would agree they are on a different timeline than Derrick — a young team with great young talent there and trying to build something for the future . They 're not on the same timeline as players who are a little older and experienced .
“ It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out Derrick 's best basketball is right now . The Knicks are n't ready to compete at that level right now . It could be three , four years . ”
Rose , coming off his fourth surgery after playing a productive 64 games , turns 29 on Oct. 4 . While the Rose market waned significantly because of his latest surgery , Rose could have chosen another destination , one that paid more than the vet 's minimum . But the attacking point guard wanted to join a club that goes into next season as the three-time defending Eastern Conference champions .
“ Derrick chose what he said he 'd choose from the beginning . He did n't deviate , ” Armstrong said . “ He said he just wanted to win . People did n't believe it . He 's made a lot of money in his career . Now he just wants to win . The guy averaged 18 points a game in the triangle and we know how the game is played right now . ”
The Knicks sought a mentor for Ntilikina and Rose found the idea uninspiring .
“ You 're a mentor when you no longer can play , ” Armstrong said . “ This league you get paid to perform . You do n't get paid to be a mentor .
“ That kid [ Ntilikina ] was drafted in [ the ] lottery . He 's got to play . One of the most coveted things in the NBA is experience . The kid needs to play . The new [ collective bargaining agreement ] is constructed to build through the draft . … Let that kid play and make mistakes and see what you have in four , five years . Maybe the kid turns out to be Steph Curry .
“ I wish it was different . Derrick loved New York . Loved it . Had no problems with any of the people there . But nobody 's getting younger and knows what their basketball will be like in the future . ”
That the disgruntled Irving has put the Knicks on his wish list is stunning . According to Armstrong , Rose hopes Irving stays put as Rose is content to be his backup .
“ What player does n't want the best teammates he can have ? '' Armstrong said . “ Derrick wanted to play with that team , Kyrie included . ”
While Armstrong was close to his former Bulls coach Phil Jackson , he has known new general manager Scott Perry a lot longer . Both were raised in Detroit at around the same time .
“ He 's got a wealth of knowledge and experience and his communication with people is exceptional , ” Armstrong said . “ He 's had the opportunity to build teams in big and small markets . You got a good one , no , a great one in Scott Perry . ''
Facebook has submitted a response to U.S . Senator John Thune after a Congressional inquiry to address allegations that the social networking company may be exhibiting political bias within its Trending Topics . In a follow-up letter to the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee , company general counsel Colin Stretch explained that although Facebook found “ no systematic political bias , ” it will be making changes to its policy .
Improvements to Trending Topics include scrubbing the so-called “ Media 1K ” list . This is composed of RSS feeds that supplement Facebook 's algorithm for pulling in trending topics , as well as the top 10 lists of news outlets . Stretch wrote that the company will “ no longer rely on lists of external websites and news outlets to identify , validate , or assess the importance of particular topics . ”
Facebook will remove employees ' ability to assign an “ importance level ” to topics based on their prominence within the top 10 list of news outlets .
Other updates include clearing up terminology within Facebook 's guidelines and providing additional training to all reviewers to re-emphasize that content decisions are n't to be made based on politics or ideology . Facebook will also be adding additional controls and oversight .
These changes are the result of an investigation by Gawker earlier this month in which the organization alleged that Facebook was routinely suppressing conservative news . The company denied the claims , but the allegations ruffled conservative feathers , prompting Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to meet with members of the party , including TV personality Glenn Beck , last week .
Members of Congress also expressed outrage , which culminated in Sen. Thune 's inquiry . Facebook said that it immediately launched an investigation of its own , adding that it spoke with current reviewers , their supervisors , a “ cross-section of former reviewers , ” and contractors . The company also reviewed its policies and sought to understand if “ anyone working on the product acted in ways that are inconsistent with our policies and mission . ”
While Stretch claimed there was n't any “ systematic political bias , ” he acknowledged that there was no way to discount the possibility of “ isolated improper actions or unintentional bias in the implementation of our guidelines or policies . ”
The senator from South Dakota issued a statement in response to Facebook , expressing appreciation for the company 's efforts to “ address allegations of bias raised in the media and my concern about the lack of transparency in its methodology for determining trending topics . ”
“ Facebook has been forthcoming about with how it determines trending topics , and steps it will take to minimize the risk of bias from individual human judgment , ” Sen. Thune continued . “ The seriousness with which Facebook has treated these allegations and its desire to serve as an open platform for all viewpoints is evident and encouraging and I look forward to the company 's actions meeting its public rhetoric . ”
You can read Facebook 's entire 12-page response to Senator Thune here .
Updated at 5:11 p.m. Pacific on Monday : This post has been updated to include a statement from Senator Thune .
Image caption Anyone who has bought methoxetamine on the internet is being urged not to take it
The deaths of two people in Leicestershire may have been due to a drug purchased on the internet , police have revealed .
A woman , 59 , was found at a Leicester address on Saturday and a 32-year-old man in Melton Mowbray on Sunday .
Detectives say the deaths are not suspicious , but have confirmed one line of inquiry is the use of the drug methoxetamine .
Anyone who has bought the drug on the internet is being urged not to take it .
Det Insp Rob Widdowson , of Leicestershire Police , said : `` We are investigating the circumstances leading to the deaths of these two people in order to prepare files for the coroner .
`` One of our lines of inquiry is that prior to their deaths both people may have taken a drug known medically as methoxetamine which ... may have been purchased over the internet . ''
Methoxetamine has similar effects to the banned drug ketamine .
A police spokesman said it is believed both of them had thought they were taking another drug known as MCAT .
He added that police were warning `` anyone who has obtained this or similar substances not to take it and to contact the police or other health professionals '' .
Anyone with information about the circulation of the drug in Leicestershire is being asked to contact police .
Amendment 13 February : This story has been amended to clarify details about the drug methoxetamine following updated information from Leicestershire Police .
( CNN ) Caught between an ascendent China and an increasingly unreliable United States , Singapore 's diplomatic future is at the heart of a debate on who really calls the shots in Asia .
The Lion City has historically had strong relations with both countries , an ally in Asia for Washington during the Cold War and one of China 's first partners in their efforts to modernize their economy .
Over the years Singapore has been very good at picking `` the middle path '' between the two superpowers , analysts tell CNN , balancing their positive relationships with both America and China .
But as new US President Donald Trump 's attention drifts and Chinese leader Xi Jinping grows more powerful , Singapore finds itself in a tenuous position .
`` If anyone can do this balancing act , Singapore can , '' Kerry Brown , director of the Lau China Institute at King 's College London , told CNN .
`` If Singapore ca n't , no one can . ''
The mouse who roared
Just seven years ago it seemed like Singapore 's path was stable and secure .
`` We are in Asia ; Asia is booming , '' Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said in an interview in 2010 .
`` China is a big story and a major trading partner for us , but China is not the whole story ... America plays a role in Asia which China can not replace , and nobody can replace . ''
Singapore , which marks its National Day August 9 , is politically and geographically unique .
The South East Asian nation , which is home to a majority ethnic Chinese population , is the only country in the world to have both English and Mandarin among its official languages .
With a population of five million , the Lion City is also a international financial hub and a fiercely free market .
As its neighbors have succumbed to successive waves of political and financial turmoil , Singapore has remained prosperous and stable .
`` It 's a bridge between the West and the East , '' Wang Yiwei , professor at the School of International Studies at the Renmin University of China said .
In 2015 , hundreds of billions of dollars in exports and imports poured through Singapore 's teeming waterways , consistently the second busiest container port in the world after Shanghai .
Politically , Singapore regularly punches above its weight . The city state was a founding member of ASEAN , the powerful grouping of south-east Asian nations including Indonesia and the Philippines , and since 2010 has often been invited to participate in G20 events
CNN contacted Singapore 's Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan for this story but he did n't respond to a request for comment .
Powerful friends
The country 's power does n't just come from its wealth but also from the powerful friendships it has made with the world 's two largest superpowers .
Singapore has close historic and military ties to the United States , forged during the Cold War when former leader Lee Kuan Yew took a firm stand against communism in South East Asia .
`` When the United States was fighting the Vietnam war , Singapore offered a place for US troops to come for their vacation , sometimes dock their ships and refuel their aircraft , '' Chong Ja Ian , associate professor at National University of Singapore 's Department of Political Science , said .
US President Donald Trump and Singapore Prime Minister Lee meet at the G20 Summit in Germany , July 8 .
Despite Lee 's firm stance against communism , Singapore was also quick to embrace China once it began to open up economically in the 1980s under then-paramount leader Deng Xiaoping .
`` Singapore seized the opportunity for working with the Chinese ... in terms of friendship it blossomed very quickly , not just because of of the economic opportunities but linguistic similarities that made it a bit easier for them to enter the Chinese market earlier , '' Chong said .
In 2015 , China 's Xi demonstrated how highly Singapore sat in Beijing 's estimation when he held a landmark meeting with then President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou in the city .
The tactic paid off : China and the United States are today two of Singapore 's largest trading partners , according to UN numbers .
A full quarter of Singapore 's exports , about $ 60 billion , are destined for China and Hong Kong while $ 30 billion of its imports flood in from the United States .
`` It 's very natural ... Singapore is a very important international trade and finance center not only in China but also for other countries ( in the region ) , '' he said .
But in the past year , amid the rise of both Trump and an assertive Beijing , Singapore 's position has become less simple .
Chinese President Xi Jinping ( right ) shakes hands with prime minster Lee during the G20 at Hangzhou in 2016 .
`` China sees Singapore as being too close to America and there 's a sense in which that 's correct , '' said Michael Barr , associate professor of International Relations at Adelaide 's Flinders University and author of `` The Ruling Elite of Singapore . ''
Barr said Singapore is uncomfortable with the unpredictability of President Trump , whose country the Lion State still relies heavily on for their ongoing security .
`` This is their dilemma . There is not a lot they can do about pulling back from America ... ( but ) they know full well that in the long term they have to orient towards China , '' he said .
'Cranky bear in a small cave '
As with so much political wrangling in South East Asia , Singapore 's problems began with the South China Sea .
Relations between Singapore and China certainly have n't always been smooth . At an ASEAN meeting in Vietnam in 2010 , incensed by discussions over the South China Sea , then-China foreign minister Yang Jiechi issued a warning to the Singaporean minister in attendance .
`` China is a big country and other countries are small countries , and that 's just a fact , '' he said to the crowded room .
Six years later , Singapore urged China to abide by a UN arbitration on the South China Sea , which was originally filed by the Philippines despite huge protests from Beijing .
China immediately plunged relations with Singapore into a deep chill .
In November 2016 , nine of Singapore 's armored troop carriers were impounded for two months in Hong Kong on their way back from Taiwan . It was widely seen as a slap on the wrist by Chinese authorities .
But the freeze showed China is fully willing to exercise its ever-growing regional and international power against countries who go against its interests .
`` China has reached the stage ... where they feel that they can dictate to smaller powers the relationship they will have with China , and if they wish to exercise levels of independence then China will decide how far they can go , '' Barr said .
`` It will be more and more like living with a cranky bear in a small cave . ''
The age of Trump
In the past , Singapore 's strong security alliance with the United States helped temper concerns regarding China .
But that 's no longer the case . `` No one ( in Asia ) really knows what 's happening in Washington , '' explained Brown .
`` Singapore are very aware they ca n't make any assumptions now , their assumption for the past 50 years is that keep close to the Americans no matter what . But now the big boys are acting in a very unpredictable way . ''
The new US president has n't visited the Lion State but his Secretary of Defense James Mattis swung by in June for the annual Shangri-La Dialogue Asian Security Summit .
`` Once we 've exhausted all possible alternatives , the Americans will do the right thing . We will still be there , '' he said , pledging to stand by Washington 's allies in Asia .
But experts have questioned whether the Obama Administration 's highly publicized pivot to Asia would survive under President Trump .
There may also be stark policy disagreements between the two countries , on a topic they were previously in lockstep .
Singapore is one of the world 's staunchest defenders of the free trade , because without it the tiny city-state would not be able to exist .
`` Trump on his own has the capacity to take away any good and sensible reason for Singapore and most of Asia to maintain relations with the US , '' Barr said .
`` If he seriously goes down the path of closing down free trade , putting up obstacles , being an unreliable ally ... I can see not just Singapore but the whole of South East Asia lining up with China . ''
'Singapore is not unique '
Singapore is not alone in considering what Asia 's future will look like with a dominant China and an inward-looking United States .
`` Philippines , Malaysia , all across the region there 's been a real push ( by Beijing ) , '' Brown said . `` Singapore is not unique , it 's just because Singapore 's been so adept at balancing ( both sides ) . ''
One of the first signs of a closer relationship between Singapore and Beijing would be any changes to their military exercises with Taiwan , a sensitive topic between the two countries , as China views it as a breakaway province .
Singapore 's famous Merlion ( C ) in front of the city 's skyline in February , 2015 .
`` I think there is an awareness that at the end of the day the relationship with China is so much more important than anything else , in terms of economics , so they might think of this as something of a tradeoff , '' Brown said .
But already Singapore 's rhetoric has begun to change . In his Singapore National Day speech in 2016 , Prime Minister Lee 's language had come a long way from his 2010 interview , where he said China could never replace the US .
`` We are friends with both America and with China ... Both believe the Pacific is vast enough to accommodate both powers and President Xi said recently that America and China should `` cultivate common circles of friends , '' he told his countrymen .
`` That is precisely what Singapore 's trying to do . ''
KWS fishing from the docks
In this file photo , two boys spend some of their first day of spring break from school fishing at the Bear Lake channel from the docks at the Bear Lake Inn .
( KEN STEVENS )
Fed by Bear Creek , Bear Lake feeds into Muskegon Lake .
LAKETON TOWNSHIP , MI - A local group of citizens hopes a new tax assessment could fund cleanup efforts at Bear Lake , linked to Muskegon Lake .
Laketon Township and the city of North Muskegon in recent weeks passed resolutions supporting the creation of a Bear Lake Improvement Board The new entity could hold a public hearing for a tax assessment on all 265 of property owners on the lake , according to Darrell Van Fossan , Chairman of the Bear Lake Property Owners Association .
`` Our focus is on invasive plants and water quality , '' said Van Fossan . Cleaning up the lake could also help native species to come back and improve the fishing in the lake .
`` As the food chain is improved , so are the species that once lived there , '' Van Fossan said .
About 150 , or 60 percent of the property owners currently pay into in a voluntary program to clear Eurasian water-milfoil and blue-green algae in front of their properties , Van Fossan said . There are roughly 20 acres of untreated water in the center of the lake .
Bear Lake also has phragmites , and a fourth invasive plant species - starry stonewort - has been found in Muskegon Lake , even the channel connecting it to Bear Lake .
The Bear Lake Improvement Board would include five members by law : Muskegon County Drain Commissioner Brenda Moore , a member of the Muskegon County Board of Commissioners , representatives from North Muskegon and Laketon Township and a property owner on Bear Lake .
North Muskegon city manager Sam Janson and Laketon Township Supervisor Kim Arter would represent their respective areas - Muskegon County would still have to appoint a representative . The four members would then elect the fifth member to represent the property owners .
The group could then hold meetings to determine a list of projects and hold a public hearing for a tax assessment .
`` This would all be happening between now and late fall , '' Van Fossan said . `` By Spring of 2017 , we 'd be rolling ahead with a project plan and treatment plan . ''
He said the future efforts would occur in sync with the West Michigan Shoreline Regional Development Commission which a year ago obtained a $ 7.9 million grant to remove phosphorous-laden sediments , restore natural water flow and create wetlands in Bear Creek , which feeds Bear Lake .
Van Fossan said a group of eight Bear Lake property owners has been meeting for about two years to get the project to its current stage .
`` It took a couple years , but I think it 's something the local community as well as the people on Bear Lake should be proud of , '' Van Fossan said .
More sharia , more legal jihad , and no end of the Muslim invasion in sight . Source : Suit : UPS barred Muslims workers from praying at Mendota Heights . facility and fired them – StarTribune.com
The global shipping company United Parcel Service and an Edina staffing agency are being sued for allegedly barring Muslim workers from fulfilling their prayer requirements at the UPS warehouse facility in Mendota Heights and then firing them .
The Minnesota chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR-MN ) is representing the plaintiffs in the lawsuit filed last week in Hennepin County District Court against UPS and Doherty Staffing Solutions on behalf of two line workers who were fired in June 2014 .
Abdullahi Dahir and Abdifatah Hassan said they had been allowed to pray as needed while at work until UPS hired a new operations manager . That manager refused to let Muslim employees pray outside of regular break times and also warned them against using trips to the bathroom to fulfill their need to pray five times a day , the suit contends . Those who did n't comply were fired , the suit alleges .
“ There is no lawful reason for any company to stop Muslims from praying when previously that company had allowed such prayers in a manner that did not impact the workplace , ” said CAIR-MN 's civil rights director Amir Malik , one of the plaintiffs ' attorneys . UPS and Doherty Staffing Solutions withdrew “ this reasonable accommodation … in order to get rid of the Muslim employees , ” Malik said in a statement announcing the suit .
In response to the suit , UPS said in a statement that it joined with Doherty in a thorough investigation “ and found no evidence to support these allegations. ” When contacted Monday , a Doherty representative made no one available to respond and declined to take a message .
During a UPS employee meeting , the suit reads , operations manager Scott Klein asked for a show of hands from anyone needing to pray at work . Most Muslim workers raised their hands . Then , according to the lawsuit , “ Mr . Klein stated that he wanted to replace all of the employees who had raised their hands . ”
Despite further talks between management and the plaintiffs , the Muslim workers were barred from meeting their prayer needs , sent home and told not to return if they insisted on praying at the required times .
“ Faced with losing his job or losing his religion , ” CAIR-MN said in its statement announcing the suit , “ Mr . Hassan and other Somali Muslim workers were forced out of their employment at the UPS facility . ”
Doherty is a defendant , the statement explained , because the agency “ abdicated [ its ] role as a staffing agency and let the Muslims be terminated . ”
The suit claims violations of the Minnesota Human Rights Act , and it seeks an unspecified amount of damages for alleged discrimination based on religious affiliation , race and national origin .
Paul Walsh of the Star Tribune fails to inform readers that CAIR is a terror-linked , unindicted co-conspirator to the largest terror financing conviction in U.S. history , with numerous of its leaders jailed , and named a terrorist group by the UAE . All in the archives .
Why rabbit is the most sustainable meat for the city farmer . ( Plus : How to cook it , and how to raise your own . )
By now we all know that eating a lot of meat-especially factory-farmed meat-is n't very good for the planet . Fortunately for meat eaters , some meats are more sustainable than others . And as it turns out , rabbit is one of the healthiest , leanest , and most environmentally friendly meats you can eat .
There are many reasons for this . Mark Pasternak of the famed Devil 's Gulch Ranch explains , `` The biggest reason that rabbits are a sustainable meat choice is that they eat forage , which is not useful for humans . This means that rabbits do n't compete with us for food calories . '' Rabbits are also , as Meatpaper editor and co-founder Sasha Wizansky points out , an ideal choice for urban farmers . Rabbits are small and can easily be raised and butchered by the DIY homesteader . They are easy to fit in a small backyard , and are happy to help you compost your leftover food . `` You can feed a rabbit on your kitchen scraps , '' says Wizansky , and then use their waste as fertilizer . ( Pasternak advises against feeding them too much fruit , however . )
Rabbits have a much smaller carbon footprint than other animals because they convert calories into pounds more efficiently . According to Slow Food USA , `` Rabbit can produce six pounds of meat on the same amount of feed and water it takes a cow to produce just one pound . ''
Michael Pollan is on the bandwagon . When I ran into him at a recent rabbit butchery class , he had this to say : `` Rabbit makes more sense than chickens in a lot of ways , and if people ate more rabbit , I think they would see that instantly . Rabbits are easier to slaughter , quieter , and not as stinky as chickens . I think it 's a really good solution . We have rabbits and chickens in our neighbor 's backyard , and we are n't aware of the rabbits . It 's a cultural thing , we are n't as accustomed to eating rabbits , but rabbit is becoming a fashionable meat . ''
Biologically , their fast reproductive cycles encourage rapid generational assimilation . Rabbits , unlike chickens , quickly replenish their own stock , a stock that-with each iteration-is better suited for its particular environment . Being able to reproduce quickly and quietly are clear advantages that rabbits have over chickens-especially in densely populated areas . Unlike roosters , which are famously enthusiastic for crowing about their fecundity , rabbit bucks are known for being doers , not talkers . This noiseless intimacy means you can have both male and females together without annoying your neighbors .
Wizansky sees raising rabbit as a natural extension of the `` eat local '' movement . `` If you are talking about being a locavore then even if you live in a city , you need to grow your own food . '' If you choose to eat meat , this is a way to do that in a responsible manner . If every time you wanted to enjoy some flesh you first had to slaughter and butcher an animal , it is likely that you would simultaneously eat less meat and appreciate it more when you did .
But are rabbits just too adorable to devour ? Not for Wizansky , `` I do n't have a prohibition against eating cute animals . I feel like if I 'm eating animals I should eat all of them ; If not , I should rethink my omnivorism . ''
So backyard bunnies sound nice , but how hard is it to actually slaughter and butcher one ? `` Rabbits are the easiest animals to slaughter , '' says Pasternak . `` Mother Nature designed them to die : They are at the bottom of the food chain ; you do n't have to pluck feathers ; it 's easy to twist their necks ; and skinning them is really fast and easy . ''
Wizansky agrees . `` Rabbit slaughters are quieter . Devil 's Gulch had a slaughter with the butcher and chef Ryan Farr . They broke their necks , using one arm as a vice to hold the rear legs , and the other arm to pop the neck . They call this cervical dislocation . I 've also seen Novella Carpenter do it by putting the rabbit 's neck under a broom handle . ''
But once butchered and cooked , does rabbit even taste good ? According to a growing legion of acclaimed American chefs , the answer is `` absolutely . '' Devil 's Gulch rabbits are featured at some of the country 's best restaurants , such as Chez Panisse and French Laundry . And chef Chris Kronner of San Francisco 's Bar Tartine explains that he likes to cook with rabbit because it evinces exoticism but comes with a familiar flavor profile . Rabbit tastes like chicken , he says , but `` the meat is mild and generally sweet without any traces of gaminess . `` Still , there is a complexity there. ``
Just like a pig , each portion of a rabbit has different muscle structures and flavor characteristics when cooked . The hind leg has a more developed flavor because the muscle is used more than the loin , which is leaner and composed of all white meat . ''
Chef Samin Nosrat , the teacher of the rabbit butchery class , adds that the novelty of rabbit meat seems to inspire chefs and diners alike : `` People have been less creative with chicken . With rabbit , they are being much more mindful with how they cook it . ''
The meat is also good for you . According to Pasternak , `` rabbits are a healthier meat . The quality of their protein is very good , they are high in good fats , and because they are a pseudo-ruminant they have higher levels of CLAs [ Conjugated Linoleic Acid ] which are high in the Omega-3 fats that you find in grass fed-beef and lamb . ''
How big will this rabbit renaissance get ? The last time the nation was this invested in growing its own food was during the Victory Gardens of WWII . Then , like now , the White House had a vegetable garden . `` Rabbit [ may have ] fallen out of favor , but you can still find a lot of rabbit dishes in your grandparent 's recipes , '' says Wizansky . She also notes that Keeping Poultry and Rabbits on Scraps , a book originally printed in the 1940s , has been recently reissued .
It 's still too soon to tell , but rabbits look like they may soon be ubiquitous . And , maybe that 's the best part about going down the rabbit hole : whenever you do , everything old becomes new again , and everything changes places .
Chef Chris Kronner 's Easy Home Rabbit Recipe : Braised Rabbit with White Wine and Herbs .
If you have n't got your own rabbits , bring home a fryer from your local farmer 's market or butcher and then cut the entire rabbit in half with a cleaver . Next , season both pieces with salt and pepper and allow resting for several hours.Give the meat a light sear in the pan . You can use oil or butter , or , if you are feeling more ambitious , first render the fat encasing the kidneys and use that as your cooking oil.Next , remove the rabbit and add the onion , garlic , parsnip , and carrots . Sauté the veggies and then add the fennel , two sprigs of thyme , two bay leaves , and peppercorn and parsley . Wrap herbs in cheesecloth . Put the seared rabbit back in on top of the vegetables and then add enough chicken stock and 1 cup of white wine to covers the rabbit.Cover and put in oven at 350° for 90 minutes . Serve over wide egg noodles , toasted bread , or roasted potatoes . Braised kale or chard are optional side dishes.Ingredients:1 rabbit1 onion1 small head of fennel3-4 garlic cloves1-2 parsnips1-2 carrots1 cup white wine2 sprigs thyme2 bay leavespeppercorn and parsley to taste .
Rabbitry 101 : Mark Pasternak on Raising Backyard Bunnies
`` If you are already raising chickens-raising rabbits on a small-scale would be really easy , '' he says . Pasternak suggests that the average DIY farmer should start out with one male ( buck ) and three does ( female ) . He advises against having more than one male at a time because adult male rabbits are aggressive and territorial . A rabbit 's gestation period is extremely short , only 30 days from conception to birth . Consequently , if you mated one buck and three does , you could have up to six litters a year , but four litters is much more likely . Each doe should deliver anywhere from six to 10 bunnies . With three does , Pasternak reckons you could supply yourself with a substantial supply of meat over a year.Pasternak has three basic rules for the urban homesteader :
Be careful not to have too many female rabbits breeding at the same time . Dispatch the offspring before they are old enough to reproduce ( three months ) . Make sure you have a lot of rabbit recipes . ( See Chris Kronner )
Photos courtesy of Adam Starr . Thumbnail photo ( CC ) by Flickr user [ niv ] .
West Broadway Neighborhood Association 's PVD Solar 2015 initiative allows homeowners and small businesses to band together to buy photovoltaic panels in bulk and at a discount .
PROVIDENCE , R.I. — Over the past four years , the West Broadway Neighborhood Association has helped put solar panels up on 28 houses and businesses around the west side of the city and has four more installations lined up . Now , the nonprofit organization is expanding its groundbreaking renewable energy program to the rest of Providence .
This month , the WBNA kicked off PVD Solar 2015 , an initiative that allows homeowners and small businesses to band together to buy photovoltaic panels in bulk and at a discount . The more people who sign up , the cheaper the panels will be for everyone .
It 's a continuation of a project that started in 2011 as West Side Solar , the first program of its kind in Rhode Island that aimed to reduce the relatively high price of investing in solar panels . Although the payback on solar power can be just a few years , the upfront costs can be a deterrent . Following the success of the WBNA program , similar initiatives led by the Rhode Island Commerce Corporation have followed , first in Smithfield and , more recently , in Tiverton and Little Compton . But the WBNA still has the only program in Providence .
“ We 've been wanting to go citywide , because it seems like it 's working well and there 's been good response , ” said Kari Lang , executive director of the association . “ People beyond the neighborhood have expressed interest in it . ”
Part of the attraction is that the WBNA acts as a one-stop shop for people interested in solar . Its partner in the program , Providence-based Sol Power , will conduct free assessments of properties and then design , permit and install systems . In addition , the WBNA will handle any permits through the Providence Historic District Commission and the Rhode Island Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission .
Under a tiered pricing system , if one to eight properties sign up , the solar panels will cost $ 3.92 per watt to install . That price drops to $ 3.85 a watt for nine to 16 properties and then to $ 3.78 a watt for more than 16 properties .
With a state grant factored in , as well as a 30-percent federal tax credit , an approximately 5-kilowatt array would cost $ 9,772 under the first tier of prices . In the third tier , it would drop to $ 9,278 .
With estimated savings of $ 1,000 a year on electric bills , a property owner could pay off a system in eight or nine years , according to Sol Power . The panels have a lifespan of 25 years , so after the installation costs are paid off , electricity would be free .
The WBNA is signing people up through June 30 . If you 're interested , call 831-9344 or send an email to WBNA @ WBNA.org .
akuffner @ providencejournal.com
( 401 ) 277-7457
On Twitter : @ KuffnerAlex
NASA/JPL-Caltech/Lockheed Martin One side of Juno 's main body holds five of the spacecraft 's six microwave radiometers , the shiny aluminium squares .
If you 've ever looked into how your microwave oven turns a frozen hunk of food into a delicious meal , you 've probably stumbled on the fact that the magic happens because microwaves heat up water .
But it turns out that the connection between microwaves and water make something happen that 's much cooler than even the most delicious TV dinner .
That 's because NASA can use the fact that water absorbs microwave radiation to measure the amount of water on Jupiter .
The fancy term for the science instrument used to make this measurement is a microwave radiometer . NASA sent six different microwave antennae on the Juno mission to orbit Jupiter . Measuring how much water there is in Jupiter 's atmosphere is one of the mission 's top priorities .
Why care about how much water there is on Jupiter ? It turns out that how much water is tucked away in the planet 's atmosphere will help scientists choose between a couple different scenarios for how , when , and where the massive planet formed .
NASA/JPL-Caltech An artist 's representation of Juno flying above Jupiter 's thick atmosphere — and learning its secrets .
How scientists will measure the water levels on Jupiter
You ca n't see it in your standard stripy red and white picture of the Red Giant , but the planet actually emits a ton of microwaves — so much that “ it glows with them , ” one Juno scientist told The Guardian .
And it turns out scientists can track different lengths of microwave to different levels of Jupiter 's atmosphere , thanks to a huge number of experiments run on a model of the planet 's atmosphere ( which itself was created in what 's basically a very high-pressure vat ) .
The six different lengths Juno 's antennae can recognise will let scientists see more than 300 miles below the tops of the clouds . As they measure each length of microwave , they can work backwards based on their simulations to figure out how much water is in the atmosphere at that particular level .
Juno will be focused on microwave radiation for five of its orbits relatively early in the mission . The measurements will wrap up early next year .
It 's the type of science we could n't do without a mission like Juno . Because of all the radiation surrounding Jupiter , these are n't measurements we can take from Earth .
You can listen to Mike Jannsen , who is leading the microwave radiometer work on Juno , talk about the instrument in this video :
Please enable JavaScript to watch this video .
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
Soledad O'Brien may have just lost her job as CNN 's morning show host , and she will no longer have a daily presence on the network . But , in an interview with The Huffington Post on Friday , O'Brien insisted that she is `` really happy '' with the way things have turned out for her .
After she steps down from `` Starting Point '' in a couple of months , O'Brien will enter into a production partnership with CNN , providing documentaries and other programs for the network -- including her long-running `` In America '' series . O'Brien 's new production company , Starfish Media , will also begin developing other scripted and non-scripted programming for other outlets .
Meanwhile , Chris Cuomo -- and , likely , Erin Burnett -- will take her place .
O'Brien said that the deal was a `` win-win '' for her . `` I think it has worked out best for everyone , '' she said .
She said the writing was on the wall for `` Starting Point '' as soon as Jeff Zucker took over the reins at CNN . ( Ironically , in an interview with the New York Times just before his arrival , she expressed excitement about his upcoming tenure . )
`` Jeff made it clear that he had a very different vision , '' she said , `` and we 're going to see how that unfolds . It was never about would I stay or would I go . ''
O'Brien was blunt about the lack of assistance `` Starting Point '' had received from CNN .
`` We did not get a lot of promotion . We did not get a lot of marketing . We were n't fully staffed , '' she said . `` That 's just what happened . ''
But she firmly said she does not look back `` wistfully '' on what might have been . After all , `` Starting Point '' set the 2012 campaign agenda over and over again .
`` I do n't look at things as , 'was I disappointed to have a show that did n't have a lot of support , ' '' she said . `` We did a really good job . ''
CNN has come under some attack in the wake of the news about O'Brien . Media critic Jay Rosen , for instance , said that favoring Burnett over O'Brien was `` journalistically insane , '' and a dark harbinger for the kind of direction CNN is taking . O'Brien dismissed these concerns .
Tonight 's chart shows Polaris and the Big and Little Dippers for a September evening . You can use the Big Dipper to find Polaris , which is also known as the North Star . Notice that a line from the two outermost stars in the bowl of the Big Dipper points to Polaris . And notice that Polaris marks the tip of the handle of the Little Dipper .
The northern sky is a large clock , with Polaris at its center . The hour hand is a line drawn through Dubhe and Merak , the two pointer stars of the Big Dipper . Because the stars make a full circle in 23 hours 56 minutes instead of exactly 24 hours , this star clock is not exactly the same as the one on the wall , but with a little practice you can learn to read it well .
The Big and Little Dippers : All you need to know
EarthSky astronomy kits are perfect for beginners . Order today from the EarthSky store
The Big Dipper swings full circle – 360 degrees – around Polaris in about 23 hours and 56 minutes . In 24 hours , the Big Dipper actually swings more than full circle , or 361 degrees . Does that make a difference ? Yes ! It means that – if you look at the same time each evening – the Big Dipper will appear just a little bit lower in the northwestern evening sky .
A month from now at mid-evening , the Big Dipper will be noticeably lower in the northwest . It 'll actually beneath the horizon as seen from the southern latitudes in the United States – although it 's circumpolar , or always above the northern horizon , as seen from the northern U.S. , Canada and similarly northern latitudes .
The constant motion from night to night of these stars circling Polaris is a bit like a bear circling its prey , looking for a way to attack . Several ancient cultures from the Greeks and Romans to the Micmac Indians likened these stars to a bear .
In Greek mythology , the Big Dipper asterism represents the hindquarters and tail of the constellation Ursa Major , the Great Bear . The Micmacs saw the three stars of the Big Dipper handle as hunters chasing the bear .
Watch the Big and Little Dippers circle around Polaris tonight ! To locate Polaris , the North Star , just draw a line between the two outer stars in the bowl of the Big Dipper .
Enjoying EarthSky so far ? Sign up for our free daily newsletter today !
Joe Camel is n't going to be able to smoke at his desk any longer .
Reynolds American , the nation 's No . 2 tobacco company , will no longer let its employees smoke in most places at work starting next year .
The company , which makes Camel cigarettes , is constructing indoor smoking areas for those who do want to smoke .
But smoking traditional cigarettes , cigars and pipe tobacco at desks and in conference rooms will no longer be allowed , said spokesman David Howard .
Employees and visitors will still be permitted to use smokeless tobacco , including e-cigarettes , at work .
`` We believe it 's the right thing to do and the right time to do it , now that we offer a full line of smoke free products , '' said Howard . `` It will make our work environment more inviting for employees and visitors who do not smoke . ''
Related : See who smokes in America
The proportion of Reynolds American employees that smoke is about the same as it is for the general U.S. adult population , according to Howard . The Centers for Disease Control puts that at 18.1 % in 2012 , down from 24.4 % in 2005 .
The company has banned smoking in the cafeteria and fitness centers for a number of years .
`` This is really just an update to our current policy , '' he said .
American Nonsmokers ' Rights Foundation estimates that just less than half of the nation 's workers are covered by laws that prohibit smoking in their work places . But the traditional tobacco states of Virginia , North Carolina and Tennessee have no such laws , according to the group .
Reynolds American ( RAI ) is in the process of buying No . 3 U.S. cigarette maker Lorillard ( LO ) in a $ 27.4 billion merger that is expected to close in the first half of next year .
A liberal group has aimed to start a new project to force an investigation into President Donald Trump 's alleged seedy ties to Russia and President Vladimir Putin with the help of a former top State Department official , Politico reported Wednesday .
The Center for American Progress Action Fund , which also backs liberal news site Think Progress , has come up with the “ Moscow Project ” to be headed by ex-State policy planning staffer Max Bergmann with the intention of further vetting Trump and his campaigns supposed links to Russia .
The U.S. intelligence community has stated before and since Trump 's Election Day victory that Russia intentionally influenced the American public by hacking the election in the billionaire Republican 's favor . Those assertions took on more weight after Trump 's now ex-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was asked to resign last week after he admitted to having improper conduct with a Russian ambassador .
Aptly named for Russia 's capital city , the new project first sent a six-page memo to Congress just after news outlets broke the story of Flynn . The project 's memo was called “ RE : Investigations into Russian Interference , ” and specifically called for Attorney General , Trump appointee and now-former Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions to stand down from any possible investigation , similar in scope to the extensive 9/11 Commission .
Whether the group 's action has influenced Congress and Republicans was not immediately made clear . However , the Senate Intelligence Committee Friday called for all records pertaining to the intelligence community 's information of the president 's alleged ties to Russia be preserved after a two-hour long meeting with FBI Director James B. Comey , the Washington Post reported .
This is What 's Trending Today .
Many people have heard the story of Scotland 's Loch Ness monster .
The sea creature , often called Nessie , is said to live in Loch Ness , a large waterway in the Scottish Highlands .
Yet , have you ever heard of an ice monster in the American state of Alaska ?
Well , an ice monster is what many people thought they were seeing when a federal government agency published a strange-looking video . The Bureau of Land Management put the video on its Facebook page .
The pictures were taken in Fairbanks , a city in north-central Alaska . Alaska is the northernmost part of the United States . While winter has yet to officially begin , weather conditions in Fairbanks already are very cold .
In the video , a fish with ice on its back appears to be swimming in the Chena River .
The video was only 20 seconds long . But it was enough to get people wondering what they saw .
One person said he thought it showed a shark that lost its way .
Someone else wrote that he thought the video was a prank designed to trick people . The writer said the Bureau of Land Management wanted to bring attention to its Facebook page .
A number of media organizations picked up on the ice monster story and talked about it on their shows .
Other writers asked if the video was edited in some way , removing some images or adding others . Perhaps , they reasoned , the bureau was trying to frighten people around the celebration of Halloween .
Some people said the ice monster was a “ zombie salmon , ” or a larger fish : a sturgeon .
One writer even suggested the creature was an alligator or crocodile . But such an animal could not survive in Alaska , where it does not get very hot , even in summer .
Some readers said it was ice moving in the river current , or ice that was frozen to a rope or some other object .
On October 31 , the Bureau of Land Management published an update .
It agreed with some of the people who commented on the original piece .
An expert from the Department of Fish and Game told the bureau the picture looked “ really cool , ” but it was probably just ice stuck to a rope . The ice caused the rope to float and move in the river 's current .
Even though the mystery seems to be solved , some people do not seem persuaded . Others are still wishing it was a “ real ” monster .
And that 's What 's Trending Today .
I 'm Dan Friedell .
Dan Friedell wrote this story for Learning English . George Grow was the editor .
Did you think it was a real “ ice monster ? ” We want to hear from you . Write to us in the Comments Section or on our Facebook page .
_______________________________________________________________
Words in This Story
bureau – n. a government department or part of a government agency
prank – n. a trick that is done to someone , usually as a joke
edit – v. to prepare a book , newspaper story or television program to be seen or heard ; to change , move , or remove parts of a work
zombie – n. a dead person who reportedly has the ability to move because of magical powers
monster – n. a creature that frightens or produces fear
update – n. a report that includes the most recent information
current – n. a continuous movement of water or air in the same direction​
Two Irish nurses speak out about their reasons for leaving Ireland and why they want things to change before moving home again .
Two Irish nurses speak out about their reasons for leaving Ireland and why they want things to change before moving home again .
' I felt like I was n't doing enough for patients because I was so overstretched ' - Irish nurses on why they moved abroad
Michelle Matthews ( 27 ) works as a nurse in Abu Dhabi
I never planned on leaving Ireland to work . I qualified as a nurse in in 2012 and St James ' Hospital offered us contracts for three months but never renewed them despite the fact that they were short-staffed on every ward at the time .
We were told to join an agency and work shifts that way . The problem with an agency is that you can not progress in your career , you are not guaranteed work and you do n't get paid for holidays . You do n't get paid for further education and training . Hospitals will only train up their permanent staff so if you 're with an agency , you 're not technically not counted as staff . *
As a result , out of approximately 85 nurses who trained with me and qualified at the same time as me , I think only about eight or 10 stayed in Ireland . Everybody else moved to the UK to work for the NHS .
I moved to London for two years and then came back to Ireland to work in Beaumont in the Oncology Department for two years and absolutely loved it . We had the most amazing team of nurses and doctors - leaving there was heartbreaking .
I moved to Abu Dhabi six weeks ago and we have been given options of post-graduate degrees , masters and general nursing courses that the hospital will fund .
We do n't have an overcrowding issue in Abu Dhabi and that 's not just true of my hospital , it 's across the board . About 40 years ago they only had one hospital that was basically a mud hut in the desert and now that hospital is recognised as one of the best in the world .
It makes me so annoyed when I hear of plans for new hospitals at home and new projects the Government proposes to try and tackle the overcrowding issue . Each one is as ineffective as the last . They refuse to listen to the frontline about how to tackle these issues and it really is infuriating .
In the two years I was working in Ireland I could honestly see how bad the working conditions are for doctors and nurses . There is a massive burnout . Nurses and doctors support each other but there is very little support from anywhere else within the health service .
Another factor in my decision to move away was seeking a better quality of life . Despite the fact that my partner and I have what society considers 'good jobs ' - he 's in sales for a multinational company and I 'm in nursing - if we wanted to save for a mortgage or have any quality of life in Ireland , we were going to have to move in with the parents .
We had been living together in Dublin in a very basic apartment and had been living pay cheque to pay cheque . It was so bittersweet because we loved living together but we could barely afford to do much else . If we actually wanted any chance of saving for a mortgage and enjoying the next few years , we had to move away . But since moving here I have a quality of life that is unimaginable at home .
Aine O'Connor ( 26 ) works as a nurse in London
I had always wanted to move to London . Initially I thought it was just going to be a year or two and then I had planned to move back and work in Ireland but hearing the stories from home and experiences from friends has kept me here longer than I had anticipated . I 'll be in London four years next April . I work as an intensive care nurse in St Thomas ' Hospital .
There are far more opportunities for progression and funded post graduate courses here . I was promoted after just two years . There are also a lot of specialist and advanced practice roles in London , an area I would like to get into eventually but I know these jobs are scarce and difficult to get into at home .
The HSE could learn a lot from the NHS when it comes to recruiting and retaining staff . They regularly run massive recruitment drives in the UK and abroad . There are lots of highly-skilled nurses working within the NHS ( although this might change after Brexit ) because they understand the system is one of the best .
Like Ireland , there are issues with overcrowding and staff shortages but nowhere near as bad as it is at home . A patient waiting on a trolley in A & E here for 72 hours would be headline news whereas it seems to be a daily occurrence in Ireland .
The NHS is becoming more and more stretched and with the rising cost of living in London , a lot of nurses are starting to leave . I 'm considering it myself next year but I would n't move home . The situation there is far more dire .
Things would need to change drastically before I 'd consider moving home permanently : such as increased salaries for nurses and safer working conditions . Nursing is an exhausting and draining job , why would you do it just to be making ends meet at the end of the month ?
I became a nurse because I always had an interest in all things medical but also because I knew I wanted to have a job that made a difference to people 's lives . Job satisfaction is a huge thing for me . I 've an aunt who 's a nurse and worked in Ireland throughout her entire career ; she tried to talk me out of becoming a nurse . Sometimes I wish I had listened to her .
I 'm a home bird and I 'd love to be able to move home tomorrow but not at the expense of my quality of life . I knew I was never going to be rich getting into nursing but if I got paid enough to give me the same opportunities as other friends my age with a degree and qualifications , I think this would be a good start .
But the hardest thing about working at home for me was not feeling like I was doing enough for the patients because I was so overstretched .
* Responding to Michelle Matthews ' comments about training in St James Hospital , a spokesperson for the hospital said : “ St . James 's Hospital can not comment on individual cases . However , it is now the policy of St. James 's Hospital to offer all suitable nursing graduates a permanent contract with the hospital . This is with a view to developing the personal and professional needs of the nurse in a clinical setting , while providing the highest standards of patient care . This includes development in specialist areas . ”
Online Editors
This article is about the band . For the fictional criminals , see The Goonies
The Fratellis are a Scottish rock band from Glasgow , formed in 2005 . The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Jon Fratelli ( born John Lawler ) , bass guitarist Barry Fratelli ( born Barry Wallace ) , and drummer and backing vocalist Mince Fratelli ( born Gordon McRory ) . Their singles `` Chelsea Dagger '' and `` Whistle for the Choir '' were both top ten hits in the UK charts .
History [ edit ]
2005–06 : Beginnings and The Fratellis EP [ edit ]
The band 's name came from the criminal family in The Goonies . They played their first show on 4 March 2005 in the O'Henry 's bar in Glasgow across the road from the Horseshoe bar , and received their first radio playing in 2005 , on central Scotland 's Beat 106 ( later XFM Scotland , now Galaxy Scotland ) Beatscene show hosted by Jim Gellatly . They were signed by Fallout Records .
The Fratellis EP was released on 3 April 2006 , featuring the tracks `` Stacie Anne '' and `` The Gutterati ? '' . `` Creepin ' Up the Backstairs '' was never a single released by the band , even though a video was made for it . It was not eligible for the charts . The first single released by the band was `` Henrietta '' , which was released on 12 June 2006 and charted at number 19 on the UK Charts .
2006–07 : Costello Music [ edit ]
Costello Music was the debut album for the Fratellis and was released on 11 September 2006 . It charted at number two in the UK album charts for three weeks . [ 1 ] The success of the album led to the Fratellis winning the Brit Award for British Breakthrough Act in 2007 , an award that was voted for by BBC Radio One listener . [ 2 ]
The Fratellis perform in Scotland .
The Fratellis supported Kasabian in December 2006 on their UK tour before playing 10 dates by themselves in February and March 2007 . The locations included Nottingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Birmingham and London . [ 3 ] Following the release of the album , the Fratellis embarked on a tour of the UK festival circuit , playing at Glastonbury and headlining at festivals such as NME 's Rock 'n ' Riot tour , OXEGEN 2007 and T in the Park 2007 , amongst others . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] They also opened for The Police Reunion Tour in the summer of 2007 in some of the North America dates . The Fratellis also recorded some cover songs during the year including `` All Along the Watchtower '' for Radio 1 's 40th Anniversary Double Album , Radio 1 : Established 1967 , and `` Solid Gold Easy Action '' for the soundtrack of the film Hot Fuzz , which also included the single `` Baby Fratelli '' .
The band released their first live DVD , Edgy In Brixton , in the UK on 1 October 2007 , which was recorded at the Brixton Academy in London . The DVD contains a full live performance of the debut album Costello Music , B-sides from various singles and a new song called `` Pretty Like a Girl '' . Extras on the DVD include the band being asked questions by members of the Fratellis ' website , and on the deluxe edition , highlights from the T in the Park 2007 festival . It was released in the United States on 30 October 2007 .
On 10 February 2009 , three songs from the album Costello Music- `` Creepin ' Up the Backstairs '' , `` Flathead '' and `` Henrietta '' - were made available as downloadable content ( DLC ) for the video game Rock Band 2 .
2007–09 : Here We Stand [ edit ]
The band 's second album , Here We Stand , was first mentioned in November 2007 on the Fratellis ' official website , which stated that work had begun on the album in a rehearsal space in Glasgow . The band said that they were self-producing the album and had their own studio to record in . Recording finished on 13 January 2008 . [ 7 ]
On 22 February 2008 , they played a small show for fans at Queen Margaret Union to debut new songs from the upcoming album . About eight new songs from their new album were played , including `` Mistress Mabel '' , `` Acid Jazz Singer '' , and `` Look Out Sunshine ! '' . [ 8 ] This performance introduced two new touring members , a guitarist , Robin Peringer and a keyboard player , Will Foster . However , after the Teenage Cancer Trust show in 2008 , Robin departed the tour for unknown reasons . Will Foster subsequently played both keyboard and guitar during live performances .
The album , was released on 9 June 2008 in the UK and 10 June 2008 in the United States . The band marked the US release of the album with sold-out shows in New York City , Boston , and Los Angeles . The first single from the album , '' Mistress Mabel '' , was released on 26 May 2008 . The next single , `` Look Out Sunshine ! `` , released on 18 August 2008 and with money going towards the Teenage Cancer Trust . The third single was `` A Heady Tale '' , released on 22 December . The Fratellis released a deluxe edition of Here We Stand internationally on 8 December . The CD included a new song titled `` Moriarty 's Last Stand '' and the accompanying DVD which features `` The Year of the Thief '' ( a documentary of the band on the road in the US ) , a live show filmed on 18 June 2008 at the Fillmore , San Francisco ; performances of `` Milk and Money '' , `` Flathead '' and `` Mistress Mabel '' from Abbey Road Studios and the videos for the singles `` Mistress Mabel '' and `` Look Out Sunshine ! `` .
During 2009 , the band did a mini-tour of Australia and Japan during February and March . [ 9 ] The Fratellis headlined the Island Records 50th anniversary show on 27 May 2009 where they debuted their new track to be included on the Island 50 : 50 Years of Island Records which was Bob Marley 's `` Stir It Up '' . The band also headlined the Hop Farm Festival 2009 on 4 July , with a gig at the Middlesbrough Empire on 3 July to prepare for the upcoming headline slot .
2012–14 : We Need Medicine [ edit ]
The Fratellis played their first show since 2009 to raise money for the Eilidh Brown Memorial Fund on 15 June 2012 , marking nearly 3 years since they last shared a stage together . They then went to perform dates in Oxford , Leicester and Sheffield with another date at Loopallu festival , forming a small September tour . During the tour , the band debuted 2 new tracks , `` This Old Ghost Town '' ( previously played by Jon in a solo show ) and `` Rock 'n ' Roll Will Break Your Heart '' .
The band performed at O2 ABC Glasgow on 26 September 2012 and announced a UK tour in April 2013 . During the UK tour , 3 more songs were debuted live ; `` She 's Not Gone Yet But She 's Leaving '' , `` Seven Nights Seven Days '' and `` Whiskey Saga '' . On 4 February 2013 , the Fratellis finished recording their third album , which was to be called We Need Medicine with a release date of 7 October 2013 . `` Seven Nights Seven Days '' was released as a single on 29 September . The album was recorded in Glasgow with Jon Fratelli and Stuart McCredie on production duties .
The band saw out 2013 with a highly successful tour of the US , UK and mainland Europe . With 2014 , the band played festivals across the world , returning to the US , UK and Europe and also headed over to Japan before finishing the Need Medicine album campaign with two shows in Russia in September 2014 . The band released a brand-new EP in September 2014 called The Soul Crush EP , which was released for free on their website .
2014–16 : Eyes Wide , Tongue Tied [ edit ]
During Christmas break 2013 , the band started writing new material , and two of the songs debuted live in 2014 . `` Too Much Wine '' was played on the early 2014 US tour , with `` All the Live Long Day '' ( later to be known as `` Impostors ( Little By Little ) '' ) turning up later on . Upon releasing The Soul Crush EP in 2014 , the band stated they would be heading to LA to record their fourth album [ 10 ] , with Barry confirming on Twitter it was once again with Tony Hoffer ( Beck , Air ) , producer-architect of both their debut album and of Jon 's solo album Psycho Jukebox . [ 11 ]
News stayed quiet until 1 June 2015 , when the band announced their new album would be called Eyes Wide , Tongue Tied and would be released through Cooking Vinyl on 21 August 2015 . The band revealed the first song from the album `` Me and the Devil '' through their website , [ 10 ] and later announced the first single `` Baby Do n't You Lie To Me '' on June 29th . Both tracks were made available as instant downloads with your pre-order of the album . [ 12 ] The band shared a new video for `` Baby Do n't You Lie To Me ! '' on 24 July 2015 . [ 13 ]
In late 2016 , the Fratellis launched a UK-wide tour to mark the 10-year anniversary of Costello Music , playing 16 shows through November and December . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
2017–present : In Your Own Sweet Time [ edit ]
In 2017 , the band headlined the Vicar 's Picnic music festival July 14–15 , [ 16 ] as well as the Lindisfarne Festival , which ran August 31 to September 3 . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
On 8 May , after hinting through several posts since April 30 , the band confirmed on Instagram that they were in Los Angeles to record their fifth album with Tony Hoffer once again producing . [ 19 ]
On 29 September 2017 the band announced their fifth studio album , In Your Own Sweet Time [ 20 ] which was released on 16 March 2018 and followed by with a UK concert tour in March 2018 . [ 20 ] The album was released on CD , LP , limited edition orange LP and cassette . [ 20 ] They also toured the U.S. in late Spring 2018 and early Summer .
Band hiatus and side projects [ edit ]
After the Hop Farm Festival appearance in July 2009 , the Fratellis entered indefinite hiatus and each moved on to new bands/projects . Jon formed a new band with singer/songwriter Lou Hickey called Codeine Velvet Club . He released an album with the band in December 2009 and toured during late 2009 and early 2010 , before declaring that he will be leaving the band to pursue a solo career , taking the backing band with him . [ 21 ] He has since released his debut solo album entitled Psycho Jukebox and has embarked on tours in Scotland and the UK . A second album was recorded ( entitled Bright Night Flowers ) , which is scheduled for release on February 15th 2019 [ 22 ] .
Barry initially stated that he was starting his own musical project and would let Fratellis fans know about it via the Fratellis website . [ 23 ] He did n't let fans know his musical ventures until November 2011 , where he revealed he had joined Birmingham band the Twang , who he played with until August 2012 when he rejoined the Fratellis . He is also a regular on the DJ circuit and continues to this day .
Mince initially joined a heavy metal band called Throne o ' Diablo , [ 24 ] [ 25 ] before leaving the band to join Jon 's solo band as a second drummer , backing vocalist and occasional guitarist . He was seen helping Jon record his second solo album in photos that appeared from the album sessions .
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums
Band members [ edit ]
Touring Members
Will Foster - keyboards , piano ( 2008–2009 ; 2012–present )
Awards [ edit ]
Date Award Awarding body 4 July 2008 Best British Band 33rd Silver Clef Awards 2008 27 January 2008 Best European Border Breaking Act- United Kingdom 2008 European Border Breakers Awards ( EBBA ) 14 February 2007 Best British Breakthrough Act BRIT Awards 2007
Ethereal weapons are Mushmoot FlyFF exclusive weapons that can only be bought from the Premium Donation Shop .
Ethereal Weapon Attack Stats Class Dshop Price Ethereal Saber ( 1-H Sword ) 816~818 Critical:45 % ; Adoch : +60 % ; Attack : +20 % Slayer 70 Ethereal Claymore ( 2-H Sword ) 1003~1006 Additional HP : +60 % ; Blocking Rate of Melee Attacks +45 % ; Increased Attack +25 % Templar 140 Ethereal Buster ( Bow ) 851~855 Adoch +70 % ; HP +40 % ; Attack Rate +20 % Crackshooter 140 Ethereal Blackstar ( Yo-yo ) 781~784 Critical +50 % ; Adoch +80 % ; Attack +50 % Harlequin 140 Ethereal Tree ( Staff ) 901~906 Attack +50 % ; Dct +50 % ; Speed +30 % Arcanist 140 Ethereal Will ( Wand ) 891~894 Attack +50 % ; Dct +50 % ; Hp +25 % Mentalist 140 Ethereal Soul ( Stick ) ( fine ) ? ? ? Dct +50 % ; Attack +30 % ; Blocking of Melee Attacks +25 % Seraph 140 Ethereal Claw ( Knuckle ) 816~818 Attack +20 % ; Critical +60 % ; Adoch +60 % Forcemaster 140
The iOS 8 update wo n't land for the public until sometime this fall but thanks to the beta program , there is a way to get hands-on with the update ahead of its release . That said , while getting the new iOS update early might sound like a great idea , there are actually some very good reasons to skip the iOS 8 beta .
As expected , Apple debuted its latest version of iOS , iOS 8 , on stage at WWDC 2014 . Like all previous iOS updates , the software will be bringing a significant change to the iPhone , iPad and iPod touch owners later in the year . While WWDC 2014 did not show off all of iOS 8 's rumored features , there are still plenty of additions that have iPhone and iPad owners excited , particularly the changes the company made to iMessage .
Unfortunately for iPhone , iPod touch and iPad owners , that excitement is diminished by the fact that Apple wo n't be releasing the software until sometime this fall , possibly in September alongside the iPhone 6 . Fortunately , there is a way to get iOS 8 right now and that 's in the form of the iOS 8 beta .
As expected , Apple released the iOS 8 beta to developers today so that they will be able to tinker with the software ahead of its arrival this fall . Paying developers are now able to install iOS 8 beta onto their iPhones , iPads and iPod touches well before the release of iOS 8 . Developers that wish to join Apple 's beta program only need to pay the $ 99 fee for access to the new update .
Before downloading the iOS 8 beta , there are some things that developers need to keep in mind . iPhone , iPad and iPod touch owners who are thinking about taking the plunge with iOS 8 beta should know that it 's not all fun and games and that it 's nothing like downloading and installing a regular Apple update .
That said , here are seven reasons to skip the iOS 8 beta .
If You Do n't Have a Backup Device
If your iPhone is your only smartphone or if your iPad is your only tablet , then you probably want to skip the iOS 8 beta . iOS beta updates are in the beta program for a reason . They are unfinished and have the potential to wreck havoc on your device . Last year 's iOS 7 beta and OS X Mavericks beta caused numerous problems for users in the build up to their public releases .
Users that are heavily dependent on their iPhone or iPad either for work , school or leisure will certainly want to think twice about installing it . Those that own multiple iPhones or iPads are in a little better shape though as we 'll point out , there are a number of other reasons to avoid installing the iOS 8 beta .
Non-Functioning iPhone or iPad
Forgetful types and those that do a lot of traveling will probably want to skip the iOS 8 beta . This is due to the fact that Apple 's beta software expires after a certain amount of time .
After a beta update expires , devices that are n't updated to the latest version of the beta will become temporarily bricked until they can connect to a computer and update to the current beta .
In some cases , that could mean weeks without access to a phone or tablet , something that obviously is n't going to be an attractive side effect for you iPhone and iPad users . Additionally , once the software does become available , owners will have to download and restore their iPhone which is an extremely slow process .
iOS 8 Beta Could Break Apps
Another major headache that iOS 8 beta users could run into are incompatible or unstable applications . After installing iOS 8 beta , there is a very good chance that some applications will start behaving badly . Whether that is general instability like random crashes or broken features , we almost always see iOS beta users complain about problems with applications .
Some users have reported increasingly good functionality with Apple 's beta software but that does n't mean that iOS 8 beta is going to be flawless . Beta software releases never are . So before installing the iOS 8 beta , know that applications have the potential to go haywire .
Pain to Downgrade
Installing the iOS 8 beta might be a painless process but what if you run into issues and decide to go back to iOS 7 ? Well , there are ways of doing that but they are time consuming and will cause headaches for those that either have n't performed the process before or consider themselves extremely impatient .
Simply put , there is no easy way to downgrade back to iOS 7 . It 's a pain in the neck and if possible , it 's a process that iPhone and iPad owners are going to want to avoid . In other words , you need to be absolutely sure that installing the iOS 8 beta is what you want lest you want to face the downgrade process in the face .
Lose iOS Jailbreak
If you install the iOS 8 beta , you 're going to lose your jailbreak . Even worse , you 're not going to be able to go back to a version of iOS 7 that is jailbreakable . Unfortunately , an iOS 7.1.1 jailbreak remains available for the iPhone and iPad . It 's only available for iOS 7.0 and the developers have made it clear that they probably wo n't be releasing a jailbreak until iOS 8 arrives in the fall .
Jailbreaking an iPhone or iPad allows for intense customization that Apple does n't allow inside of its closed operating system . iOS updates continually add features that were once only available through a jailbreak but there still are plenty of reasons to jailbreak an iPhone , iPad or iPod touch .
Just remember that you wo n't be able to do so if you shift to the iOS 8 beta .
Bugs
iOS 8 is an unpolished version of iOS . There is a reason it 's in the beta process . If none of other reasons are enough to get you to skip the iOS 8 beta , consider this .
iOS betas are typically very unreliable in general . In the past , we 've heard about and seen decreases in battery life , problems with cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and general instability including random reboots . Betas are betas and they are meant for developers and not the general public .
iOS 8 beta problems have n't surfaced yet because the update is just a few hours old but rest assured , we 'll see a number of issues pop up over the next few months as Apple releases more iOS 8 beta updates to developers .
It May Not Be Worth the Trouble
In addition to potential iOS 8 beta problems , iOS 8 beta probably is n't the full version of iOS 8 . In fact , we 're quite sure that this is a watered down version of the update .
Apple only announced a fraction of the software features that are expected to debut alongside iOS 8 this fall . In fact , it left out several of the most rumored and most exciting iOS 8 features including split-screen multitasking for iPad .
There are certainly some features to like but the iOS 8 beta that 's available right now is n't the fully featured iOS 8 update that will arrive this fall and thus , for many , it may not be worth the trouble .
The White House on Monday threatened to veto a measure that would require congressional approval of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution before the debt ceiling can be raised .
The GOP-controlled House is expected to vote on such a proposal Tuesday .
A announcement came as a bipartisan effort in the Senate to allow President Obama to raise the federal debt ceiling in exchange for about $ 1.5 trillion in spending cuts over 10 years gained momentum . Leaders agreed that they would have to act in the next two weeks to avert a potential default by the government .
The growing backing for raising the federal limit on U.S. borrowing sets the stage for a week of largely scripted actions on Capitol Hill , where leaders in both chambers are looking to build support for the plan being crafted by Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( D-Nev. ) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) .
Republican leaders will first push forward in the House and the Senate with a constitutional amendment to balance the federal budget . The measure is virtually certain to fail in the Senate , which will then take up the debt limit proposal by midweek .
If that clears the Senate , the House is expected to revise the measure , adding a proposal to reduce the deficit by $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years — savings that would come through cuts to domestic programs but not new tax revenue . The plan would also create a congressional panel that would , by the end of the year , seek to come up with a way of reducing the deficit potentially by trillions more through cuts in entitlements and new tax revenue .
While the debt-limit plan has broad support in the Senate , the prospects in the House are less clear and depend largely on whether Speaker John A. Boehner ( R-Ohio ) will bring the proposal up for a vote and how many House Democrats would support it , since few Republicans are expected to get behind it .
“ At a minimum , Congress has a way to take action and avoid default on the U.S. debt . It 's critical , ” Jacob Lew , Obama 's budget director , said Sunday on CNN 's “ State of the Union . ”
At the same time , the White House will continue to push for as big a deal as possible to cut the deficit , including spending cuts and changes to entitlements as well as increases in tax revenue .
On NBC 's “ Meet the Press , ” Lew said he hoped the Republicans could compromise with Obama on a big deal . But he did not express optimism . “ The question is : Do we have a partner to work with ? ” he asked .
Informal talks between the White House and Congress over the weekend did not appear to move the two sides significantly closer to a big deal . Leaders face an Aug. 2 deadline to raise the federal debt ceiling or face a potentially damaging government default on the nation 's obligations . They say they need to get a piece of legislation underway by week 's end to clear procedural barriers and raise the debt limit in time .
Most lawmakers were focusing on the new Senate plan , originally proposed last week by McConnell and further developed by Reid . Under the plan , Obama would be able to raise the debt ceiling three times over the next year for a total increase of $ 2.5 trillion . Congress could also vote on a resolution of disapproval each time , assigning blame to Obama for increasing the nation 's debt .
In addition to the $ 1.5 trillion in spending cuts , the plan would create a committee of 12 lawmakers , which would issue a report to Congress by the end of the year on how to cut trillions more from federal deficits over the next 10 years . This panel would seek agreement where Obama and Republicans have n't been able to — primarily over changes to entitlement programs and whether raising new tax revenue should play a key role in cutting the deficit .
“ At the end of the day , Republican leaders have made it clear that we will not be the ones to put the government into default , ” Sen. Jon Kyl ( Ariz. ) , the chamber 's No . 2 Republican , said on ABC 's “ This Week . “ Now the House of Representatives has to make its decision about what it will do . ”
“ We basically have to accept this responsibility and do this job and lead , ” said the Senate 's No . 2 Democrat , Richard J. Durbin ( Ill. ) , on CBS 's “ Face the Nation . ”
Obama and Boehner have both shown a keen interest in a “ grand bargain , ” but the issue of taxes has proved in­trac­table . Such a deal could still be achieved in the coming weeks , though the prospects have dimmed .
Before taking up the McConnell-Reid plan , the House and Senate will consider the “ cut , cap and balance ” approach being pushed by Republicans . The House is slated to vote early this week on a balanced-budget amendment to the Constitution that would significantly scale back government spending and make it harder for lawmakers to raise taxes .
Nearly 40 House Republicans have said they would not support an increase in the debt ceiling without such an amendment . But Democrats strongly oppose the measure .
Other Republicans will continue to exert pressure for even bigger cuts . Sen. Tom Coburn ( Okla. ) will propose on Monday a plan to cut $ 9 trillion from the federal deficit over 10 years . “ The McConnell plan is more of Washington not taking responsibility , ” he said Sunday .
Lew expressed confidence that the debt ceiling will be raised despite some GOP objections . “ There will be a fringe that believes that playing with Armageddon is a good idea , but I do n't think that 's where the majority will be , ” he said .
Download our free ebook `` The Secrets Behind Great One-on-One Meetings '' , by Esther Schindler .
It 's common business practice to hold a weekly one-on-one meeting , enabling managers and team members to catch up with each other . So why do so many people resist these meetings so much ? That was one of the questions I asked while doing research for my new ebook , The Secrets Behind Great One-on-One Meetings .
Consider this example ( names are changed to protect the innocent ) :
“ My one-on-one meetings go like this , ” Jackson tells me : Manager : “ How is everything ? ” Jackson : “ Pretty good. ” Manager : “ Cool ! ... Well , these meetings just get shorter and shorter , do n't they ? ”
However , Jackson 's experience is all too typical . Even though he and his manager schedule regular meetings , neither of them gets anything out of them—except a simmering sense of resentment for the wasted time . As a result , their meetings become less frequent , and the emotional connection between the boss and worker frays .
It 's a damned shame , because—done well—one-and-one meetings are a great way to build trust and rapport . That weekly time slot is a predictable time for feedback and coaching . Even when a manager and team member get along well , a regular one-on-one is an opportunity to impart information privately , to raise emotional issues before they fester , to address career challenges , and to help managers make better decisions with team input .
But those benefits are invisible to people who have grown to hate such meetings . When I asked people for advice about running a great one-on-one meeting , I discovered that many people despise them . These managers and workers raised several objections , often for good reasons—but based on poor data , wrong assumptions , and rotten experiences . And that means everyone loses .
Whether you 're the manager or the worker-bee , in a tech field or otherwise , you want the team and the company to be productive and happy . Here 's the most common attitudes behind the resentment of one-on-ones , and how to resolve the problem .
I get and give information in regular team meetings . That 's all I need .
Perhaps the most common objection I encountered is that one-on-ones are n't necessary . “ We 're in tune with the job tasks to be done , ” team members told me . “ We have status meetings where we discuss project progress . Why add another meeting ? ”
“ When I was new to management , I did n't have regular one-on-one meetings with my employees , ” says an experienced network manager I 'll call Darryl . “ My own managers did n't have regular one-on-ones with me , so there was no example to learn from. ” Darryl 's team was small , and they saw one other every day . “ We all knew what was on fire and what needed to be done , ” he says . “ Meetings were , by definition , a waste of time ; therefore , why have them ? ” he reminisces .
The tech industry is full of people who are high-performing and comfortably self-managed . They see “ feedback ” as irrelevant meddling . One person explains , “ I certainly do n't need the level of supervision of a construction laborer , nor should my team lead have to spend as much of his time managing us as would a foreman . ”
As a result , many team members perceive the one-on-one as an interruption to their workflow . Peter , a sysadmin , says , “ If I am not on track or am I failing somehow , come grab me immediately and let me know . If I 'm kicking ass , come grab me and let me know . Other than that , stay out of my hair and let me get stuff done. ” He sees no reason to schedule a meeting . “ If there 's a reason to talk , then do it immediately . If there 's no reason , then do n't waste my time . ”
What these people miss is that a one-on-one is not a status meeting . This time is n't for project planning or other operational tasks . You probably can handle those tasks in your team meeting , using Kanban or whatever methodology suits your needs .
Instead , think of the one-on-one as your time to catch up with one another : How are we doing , you and I ? Let 's take a few minutes to look forward and to look back . If you 're so busy that you ca n't take 15 minutes to talk once a week , then you have a bigger problem that the boss should know about .
Keith , a CIO , says , “ Most managers do not know how to find out if you are leaving or unhappy or frustrated at the organization or the client or your wife or your car. ” If you meet with the team member regularly , the signs are hard to miss .
The meeting is unwanted criticism or meaningless drivel .
Often , it 's not the idea of a one-on-one that people reject . It 's that the substance of their meetings is n't helpful . The meetings are a barrier to communication , rather than an opportunity to connect .
Sometimes , neither manager nor team member is sure what to talk about . One developer has a standing once-a-week time slot that 's available for one-on-one , but most of the time she and her manager agree to skip it . “ I suppose there might be some value to making it a regular thing , ” she says . “ But when neither of us has anything specific to discuss , who needs to spend time on awkward silences when there 's work to be done ? ”
In other cases , it 's the manager 's failure . Every manager should know that it 's his or her role to remove the obstacles that prevent team members from doing their jobs—but some apparently did n't get the memo . That attitude is n't usually malicious ; perhaps it 's the effect of their own lack of training , but it has the same result .
“ Managers talk way too much and do n't listen enough , ” says Phil Stella , a workplace communication consultant , trainer , and executive coach . As a result , they also tell too much . Even when they have regular meetings , he says , the managers resort to rambling one-way data-dumps on a long list of topics instead of having a focused conversation on a specific time period , project , or problem—ideally , one that interests the team member . Then these unenlightened managers criticize ideas from staff during initial brainstorming conversations rather than generating a lot of ideas in a non-judgmental process . “ The negative effects of such lame one-on-ones include failing to accomplish the initial objectives , wasting time , and demotivating employees , ” says Stella .
For example , Jim felt that his direct report Tiffany was undermining him to other departments . Instead of talking it through with her , Jim began holding one-on-ones with Tiffany to monitor what she was doing and to micromanage everything she did . His purpose was to control , not to listen or to help .
After listening to the people unhappy with the on-one-on process , I realized that few had experienced a good one , or knew what to talk about . Here are a few examples to get you started :
The manager might provide visibility into company initiatives that affects the team member 's role . You can discuss how best to approach another project team whose expertise can contribute to your own . Or manager and worker can brainstorm how to deal with a difficult coworker ( without devolving into company politics ) . You can hold a high-level technical discussion about the team or company trajectory , not just today 's goals . Give and get candid bi-directional feedback . Share career advice and how to work those goals into the day-to-day process . Connect as people who care about each other beyond office hours , even if it 's as simple as , “ How was your weekend ? ”
If you want a simple template , take the advice of Mae Demdam , director of media at Digital Edge , a marketing agency in Jacksonville , Florida . Before each one-on-one with a team member , Demdam creates three talking points to address : a project , an idea , or a solution to a previous problem . “ I then allow them to address three key issues they have in their work , ” says Demdam . “ I like to ask specifics about a project or about an issue with another team member , but I try to create a dialogue and create tangible action points to address these issues. ” Before closing the meeting , she asks the team member for three positive points about their workload , projects , or job ; that ends the meeting on a positive note and refocuses onto daily work .
My door is always open if a team member wants to talk .
One experienced CIO—whose work I know and admire—prefers a casual approach . He holds weekly team meetings to coordinate activities . But beyond that , he prefers to manage by walking around . “ My management style is impromptu , ” he tells me . “ And my office door is always open . ”
That well-meaning attitude works ... to a point . For example , if you work on a team with remote employees , the team member has to have a “ reason ” to approach the manager in an instant message or by email . As Darryl explains , “ As I struggled to keep up with my remote employees , I was frequently in the dark about what was going on between project status updates . Locally , I 'd often find out about issues early while they were small , while remote issues would sometimes fester and grow until the employee finally reached their max tolerance level or felt they had no other choice and sent an email or made a phone call . By that point , the issue was already large , and we would go into damage-control mode . ”
“ The disconnect was n't just with remote employees , though , ” adds Darryl . “ My interactions with my local staff were mostly about the immediate work , or something I wanted from them . To be honest , it was pretty ‘ me-centric . ' There really was n't a two-way relationship . There was n't necessarily trust . ”
The underlying assumption behind this attitude is that it 's the manager who is busy “ managing , ” and that a good manager notices when there 's something to talk about . Even when you care sincerely about your people , that 's not a good bet . Some team members are reluctant to speak up . Some “ do n't want to bother you with something this silly. ” Some are confused during the team status meeting , but too embarrassed to speak up publicly . Some see the team lead “ just stopping by ” as an interruption , or resent being asked for input without an opportunity to think it through .
But a one-on-one meeting is not primarily for the manager : this is the employee 's meeting . It is the designated time and place for the individual to discuss problems , issues , and ideas . It 's a “ safe zone ” in which it 's okay to vent . The team members need to know that their communication is held in confidence and taken in the right spirit of support and compassion .
Even if you talk to most of the staff every day , it 's good to have a set time with each team member that is “ our time. ” David , a team lead , says , “ It helps to have a scheduled time , so I am not ambushing them , and they are not ambushing me . They can prepare mentally , think about what they want to bring up , etc . ”
Think you 're too busy and do n't have time to have one-on-ones with every employee every week ? For this small investment , says Darryl , both manager and team member get something back . “ You do n't need to interrupt their work just every time you think of a question ; you know you 'll have a meeting with them in less than a week . So , now you have more time for your work , and they have more time , too . They really wish you 'd stop interrupting them and let them get their work done . ”
“ And when you screw up and dump their entire in-memory state from working on hard problem X in order to answer your non-urgent question about Y , having a good relationship with you may lead them to be a little more forgiving of your minor misuse of role power , ” adds Darryl . “ Your full-time employees work for you 2,400 or more minutes every week ; you can afford to give them 1.25 % of that and dedicate 30 minutes to them . ”
The benefit is n't only for the employee . “ Managers need to know these meetings are worth their valuable time and not just taking time away from ‘ real work , ' ” one of my own former managers tells me . “ And especially these days , when managers are also individual contributors. ” She had to learn that lesson the hard way , when she had six people reporting to her . “ At times I felt that the one-on-ones were taking over my schedule and taking me away from my work. ” But , she adds , “ I came to learn that I needed to accomplish more through the talents of the team and to delegate a lot more through these one-on-one meetings . ”
What dire things happen when you do n't do one-on-ones or you do n't honor the process ? “ It 's like being stood up on date night when you 're 18 , ” says Jim Rosas , founder of business consulting firm @ Revenue . “ When done properly , one-on-ones give confidence , build deep relationships , and positively impact culture and revenue . When not done or the recurring time is not honored , there are hurt feelings coupled with short- and long-term negative impact . ”
One-on-one meetings may be among the most important roles a manager can play . After all , what 's a manager 's job ? To get results and to grow people . These meetings are a recurring forum for growing people .
How can you do that well ? We 've put together a free ebook to guide you .
The early bird gets the worm . But what happens when the worm is even earlier than the bird ?
In that case , some familiar backyard bird species do n't get enough worms to feed their chicks .
That 's the conclusion of a recent study of changes in spring “ green-up ” dates across North America and the arrival dates of spring migratory bird species in those areas .
Biologist Stephen Mayor , at the Florida Museum of Natural History of the University of Florida , and nine colleagues from other institutions reported their findings online this month in the journal Scientific Reports .
The research team used satellite images to detect the date that vegetation in sample areas began to green up at the start of the growing season .
They also used first sightings of the year of common migratory birds at specific locations as reported by eBird , a citizen-science website . The dates allowed the biologists to calculate when each species arrived at its breeding grounds .
The team compared plant green-up and bird arrival data from 2001 to 2012 across North America . Green-up date and arrival time of 48 bird species studied usually moved in the same direction . In areas where plants began to leaf out earlier , migratory birds also arrived earlier .
But the plants came to life even earlier than the arrival of most birds species .
The research team found a growing gap between the budding of plants in an area and arrival date of birds that depend on insects that eat those plants . That gap grew by about half a day per year across all species studied .
Many North American birds overwinter in Central and South America . They begin their migration to their breeding grounds in response to seasonal shifts in day length , a signal not affected by climate change . Plants and the insects that eat them , however , respond to increased warming and decreased snow cover .
These are local , environmental signals affected by climate change .
The researchers identified eight Eastern migratory birds with extreme gaps between green-up and subsequent insect flush and the birds ' arrival . By the time the birds made it to their breeding grounds , built nests and had chicks to feed , the peak availability of plant-eating insect larvae had passed .
These species include some of our most iconic spring migrants in the eastern United States , including great crested flycatchers , indigo buntings , scarlet tanagers , rose-breasted grosbeaks , eastern wood-pewees , yellow-billed cuckoos , northern parulas and blue-winged warblers .
I have spotted each of those species in my yard or on campus in the past three weeks . Indeed , a great crested flycatcher was calling in my backyard as I wrote this column .
The physical science of climate change is clear . If we continue to mine and burn fossil fuels , we will increase greenhouse gases in our atmosphere . Mean global temperatures will rise , as we are currently observing .
The biology of climate change is an order of magnitude more complex . Like some migratory birds , maybe we 'll arrive at a climate change solution too late for them to survive .
Steve Rissing is a biology professor at Ohio State University .
steverissing @ hotmail.com
DevNexus 2015 will be held on March 10-12 in Atlanta . If you are a US based developer and do not know about DevNexus , you are definitely missing out . DevNexus was started a few years ago as an initiative by the Atlanta Java User Group ( now one of the largest Java user groups in the world ) and Burr Sutter ( one of the earliest Java champions ) . Since then DevNexus has grown to become one of the largest Java leaning conferences in the US , perhaps second only to JavaOne . I 've spoken at the conference a few times over the years . This year 's roster is unsurprisingly impressive both in terms of speakers and content . Java EE has a strong showing including a few talks from me .
Below are the talks that might interest you if you are a Java EE fan ( the schedule is not quite final yet so do stay tuned to the conference agenda for changes ) :
Down and Dirty with Java EE 7 : This is essentially our flagship lab/workshop at the moment covering Java EE 7 . It has always proven popular so far and it is a great way to get some hands-on experience with Java EE 7 . The materials for the lab is always available here . The lab is largely intended to be self-guided so you should be able to take advantage of the material even if you ca n't attend the lab in person . This will be my first talk at the conference .
JMS.Next ( ) : JMS 2.0 and Beyond : This is essentially an overview of JMS 2 ( already in Java EE 7 ) , with a bit of an early preview of JMS 2.1 ( to be included in Java EE 8 ) . The slides for the talk are available here . This will be my second talk at the conference .
Java Persistence API : This session is a good mix of the basics , best practices and real world adoption stories for JPA . It 's a talk by Jason Porter . Jason is a good speaker , a long time Java EE advocate and a Red Hat engineer .
HTTP 2.0 comes to Java . What Servlet 4.0 means to you : This session will discuss what 's in HTTP 2 and what that means for the next major revision of the foundational Servlet specification . I would say this is a must-attend for all server-side Java developers . My friend , colleague and Servlet specification lead Ed Burns is giving this talk . Ed is a brilliant speaker that 's always a pleasure to listen to .
Java EE 8 : A Community Update : This is essentially a high level overview of what 's coming in Java EE 8 . This should be my last talk at the conference . Besides covering the current state of Java EE 8 I will also talk about how you can get involved in the process including through highly inclusive programs like Adopt-a-JSR . The slides for the talk are here .
Hope to see you at the conference ? Besides giving my talks I will be attending a few talks myself as time allows . As always never hesitate to stop me if there is something I can help with . I 'll also bring along some Java/Java EE goodies you are welcome to .
The Forza series is a tale of two different racing games . On the one hand , you have Forza Motorsport , the serious and sterile racing simulator . On the other , you have its Ecstasy-gobbling , Burning Man-attending hip racing cousin Forza Horizon . Apparently , Motorsport convinced Horizon to share some of its drugs , and the two have joined forces to give us Forza Horizon 2 : a sprawling open-world racer that can be as arcadey or as sim-y as you want it to be , and is an excellent addition to the series .
The Horizon Festival is a massive , summer-long music and automobile festival , and it 's back again -- this time it 's hitting the French and Italian coasts before spilling into the sun-baked countryside . Thousands of hipsters with fancy cars and far too much disposable income have gathered here for a summer of concerts and racing competition ; think Coachella meets Le Mans , and you 're halfway there . It 's a completely ludicrous set up that makes no sense under any form of scrutiny . Seriously , who would give these people free reign to terrorize not one , but two European countries with high-powered sports cars ? I ca n't tell you how many private vineyards I must have demolished on my race to be Horizon champion , and it kills me a little inside every single time . Still , it at least gives you some context as to why you 're driving around the Mediterranean coast like a bat out of hell .
As contrived as the whole premise is , Forza Horizon 2 's , well , horizons are gorgeous . Whether you 're racing down the winding streets of Nice or zipping through the bounding hills of Montellino , each location in Forza Horizon is both distinct and breathtaking . While there are n't as many cars here as there are in a typical Forza game , each one is painstakingly detailed , right down to the individual gauges and windshield wipers . The dynamic weather system ensures those wipers get fair use , too . One minute it 's nice and sunny ; the next , it 's raining like the end of days , and how you tackle each course changes dramatically . It also looks fantastic , too , as rain bubbles and pools on the surfaces of roads and cars . Other than a few frame hiccups and some minor bouts of shadow pop-in , Forza Horizon 2 's vistas are a joy to drive through , whether you 're doing it in a classic Ferrari GTO or a not-so-classic 1981 Volkswagen Scirocco .
You wo n't need to know a lot about about cars ( other than that they look cool and go fast ) to enjoy Forza Horizon 2 , as it trades realism for pure , high-speed thrills . Cars may dent and windshields may shatter , but they ride just as well as if they were just driven off the lot , and each one is miraculously restored after each race . Driving on dirt or grassy fields will cause your vehicle to slide around more than it would on the road , but honestly , that just makes things even more fun , as you drift wide through someone 's delicately pruned shrubberies . Heck , when the festival gives you your first ride , it does n't show you each car 's individual stats -- rather , it 's as if the game simply asks : `` Which one looks the most badass to you ? '' Even the series ' signature Rewind feature feels more at home here than it ever did in Motorsport , as it keeps you from having to repeat races due to a single botched turn . Forza Horizon 2 wants you in a car and doing awesome stuff as quickly and as often as possible , without having to worry about differentials and gear ratios .
That is , unless you want to worry about that stuff , in which case Forza Horizon 2 has you covered there as well . You can poke around under the hood and change pretty much anything , from tuning different parts of your car to changing individual difficulty settings . That has long been a hallmark of the Motorsport games , but it 's new here in the more arcadey Horizon series . The cosmetic damage I mentioned earlier ? You can switch over to realistic damage , meaning your car will stop dead in its tracks if it gets banged up too much -- completely changing how you approach driving in the game . By taking advantage of these options , you can transform Horizon 2 from a simple arcade racer to a much more in depth simulation . It never feels truly necessary , though , and a vast majority of my time was spent without even touching any of these settings . Still , it 's there if you want it , and it disappears almost completely if you do n't care about anything other than going fast .
Race against the world In addition to the massive solo mode , Forza Horizon 2 includes an impressive online component . Compete in Road Trips or free roam across the entire map with several friends , picking and choosing races as you go . In addition to the typical races , you can also compete in Playground events , like Infected ( ram into other cars as fast as you can to `` infect '' and turn them to your other side ) . While I wish the lines between online and off were a bit more blurred than they are here , if you 're looking to test your driving mettle against the world 's best racers , you wo n't be disappointed .
Actually racing on each of Forza Horizon 2 's many courses is a varied and exciting experience . Drivatars -- the AI system introduced in Motorsport 5 that takes other players ' racing data and puts it in your game -- are back , and they seem to fit even better here than they did in the game that created them . Drivatars in Motorsport 5 are overly aggressive , to the point of constantly trying to ram into you , and it feels out of place in that game 's overly sterile environment . Not so here , as races in Horizon 2 are far more cutthroat and unpredictable , going from pavement , to off-road , and back again , with racers often leaving behind a wake of wooden fences and traffic cones . Earning skill points takes the insanity to a whole new level , as you 're rewarded based on how well you drift around corners or how close you get to other drivers without crashing . Racing in Horizon 2 is a contact sport , and it 's the most thrilling it 's ever been in the series .
In between championships , you can explore the massive open world of Southern Europe and take on a plethora of additional side content . It 's makes for nice diversions , but much of it feels like just that -- a diversion . Sure , you can seek out and destroy all 150 XP boards on the map , but there 's really no incentive to do so , other than to say you did . Still , having this huge map to explore lets you be as focused or as distracted as you want to be , while always keeping you engaged in the act of driving .
Image 1 of 7 Things to do when you 're not racing Southern Europe is a big place to roam , filled with massive straightaways , tight switchbacks , and countless nooks and crannies . And while the main attraction of Forza Horizon 2 is the championship itself , there are tons of things to see and do if you 're looking for a break from the competition . Stuff like… Image 2 of 7 XP and Fast Travel Boards These delicate hunks of painted plywood are waiting to be run over with reckless abandon . Some feature the face of Horizon 's smarmy host and an experience point award , while others will give you a small discount on fast travel costs . There are 150 of them , and many of them are well hidden -- best get searchin ' . Image 3 of 7 Speed Traps There are speed cameras located all over France and Italy , and when you see one , you 'll want to make your car go as fast as it possibly can -- you know , the exact opposite of what you 'd normally do… Right ? Image 4 of 7 Bucket List Want to drive across France as fast as possible in a McLaren P1 ? Check out the Bucket List -- a list of challenges that give you a specific car , a specific goal , and certain amount of time in which to complete it . Image 5 of 7 Barn Finds Several abandoned barns are hidden across the French and Italian countryside , and inside each one is a rare , antique car . Sure , the cars are a bit beat up , but after a little TLC they 'll be up and running in no time . And it 's not stealing if their previous owners have n't touched them in decades , right ? Image 6 of 7 Challenge a Drivatar to a one-on-one race for cash Every single racer with a name over it can be challenged to a one-on-one race at any time in between events . Each one varies in difficulty , with the most notorious racers paying out the most money for a win . Image 7 of 7 Car Meets Entering one of these locations will group you up with other online racers , let you look at their cars , challenge them to a race , or merely hang out for a chit chat . It 's a great way to get to know the people you 're going to destroy on the asphalt .
After a while , though , Forza Horizon 2 starts running out of new tricks . Each championship in the game works like this : First , you go on a Road Trip to your destination -- a timed jaunt that 's less about racing and more about learning the lay of the land . Once there , you partake in four different races tied to your chosen championship . Once you finish those , you go on another road trip and do it all over again . For a while , you 're constantly unlocking new features in between races , but once you start focusing in on knocking off wins to make it to the Horizon Finale , it starts to feel a bit repetitive . Still , it takes around 10 hours to get to a point where you 're even starting to repeat races , and with 180 different championships , there 's a ton to do . And when the core racing is this good , you wo n't mind a little repetition .
Despite minor faults , it 's easy to love Forza Horizon 2 . With many of the optional features the more serious Motorsport games are known for , along with Horizon 's high-octane thrills and massive open landscapes to explore , Forza Horizon 2 is a culmination of the best parts of both games , all in one package .
By combining open-world thrills with simulation racing and letting you customize the experience to your liking , Forza Horizon 2 is an excellent entry in the series .
This game was reviewed on Xbox One .
WILKINSBURG , Pa. ( AP ) — Five people have been killed in an ambush-style shooting during a backyard party in suburban Pittsburgh and at least two gunmen are at large , police said .
Four women and a man were killed late Wednesday during the party in the Borough of Wilkinsburg . Allegheny County police said people scrambled toward the house as bullets began flying . Four of the victims were found dead on the back porch . The other one died at a hospital .
Three people were injured and taken to area hospitals . Two are in critical condition and one is stable , police said .
At least two suspects fled on foot . A motive was n't immediately known .
Lt. Andrew Schurman of the Allegheny County homicide unit says the gunmen barged into the party and opened fire in an ambush-style attack . He said gunshots came from two distinct locations but police do n't believe anyone at the party fired back .
Resident Kayla Alexander tells WPXI-TV that she heard a barrage of gunshots — more than 20 — in the neighborhood which usually is quiet .
Groups of residents gathered on the street , some of them sobbing and saying they lost family members .
Copyright © The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
×
Photos
Miles from DC : 66.5
Time has nearly forgotten these three acres on Stonewall Jackson Highway in White Post , Virginia . Featuring no animatronics or CGI , Dinosaur Land still entertains as it has since 1963 : with 56 fiberglass dinosaurs , a King Kong , and a 60-foot-long shark . In one concession to modernity , the gift shop—once named Rebel Korn ' r—has been renamed for the park .
Miles from DC : 7
Founded in 1973 with the induction of Thomas Edison , the National Inventors Hall of Fame now is aptly housed on the US Patent & Trademark Office campus in Alexandria . This year 's inductees included the inventors of butyl rubber and the woman who three decades ago invented the internet 's Spanning Tree Protocol ( STP ) .
Miles from DC : 74.5
You 've seen dioramas in Gettysburg , but not ones where the battles are fought by thousands of clay cats . Opened last year in that town by twin sisters more skilled at crafting felines than people , Civil War Tails at the Homestead Diorama Museum features historically accurate scenes ( except for the tail-and-whiskers thing ) —from Pickett 's Charge to Little Round Top .
Miles from DC : 39
One of the oldest theme parks in the country , Ellicott City 's Enchanted Forest was , until it closed in 1990 , the Disneyland of the East Coast , home to Cinderella , the Three Little Pigs , and Willie the Whale . Since 2004 , Martha Clark has moved more than 100 pieces from the park to her nearby farm , at a cost of around a half million dollars .
Miles from DC : 14
Aspin Hill Memorial Park , across from a Silver Spring strip mall , is believed to be the country 's second-oldest pet cemetery . Named for an English kennel , not the nearby road , it harbors seven of J. Edgar Hoover 's dogs and at least 30 humans buried alongside their companions .
Miles from DC : 24
Near the C & O Canal towpath lie the ruins of Seneca Quarry , famed for its red sandstone used to construct the Smithsonian castle and other DC buildings . A hub of activity in the 19th century , the Maryland quarry , now succumbing to nature , was embroiled in scandal when Ulysses Grant was accused of taking a bribe from its management .
Miles from DC : 61.5
Ladew Topiary Gardens was created in the 1930s by socialite Harvey Ladew , who counted Cole Porter and Charlie Chaplin as friends . The ornamental shrubs—more whimsical than their European brethren , with swans , a Buddha , and foxes—are scattered across 22 acres in Monkton , Maryland .
Miles from DC : 10
The grounds of National Park Seminary in Silver Spring are strewn with a Dutch windmill , a Japanese pagoda , and a Swiss chalet , built so the former posh finishing school 's students could expand their horizons without leaving home .
Miles from DC : 43
Rising from a backwater of the Potomac in Nanjemoy , Maryland , is the Ghost Fleet of Mallows Bay , the Western Hemisphere 's largest concentration of shipwrecks . The nearly 200 vessels , most of them steamships scuttled after WWI , await designation as a marine sanctuary .
Miles from DC : 44
Housed in a onetime embalming parlor in Frederick , the National Museum of Civil War Medicine 's saws and other rudimentary tools instill an appreciation less of 1860s doctoring than of the modern kind . The star relic is the naturally mummified arm of a man who apparently misplaced it on the battlefield .
This article appears in our August 2016 issue of Washingtonian .
The Tillow is the new generation of beachwear that gives any beach goer a comfortable and secure towel to make life on the beach that much easier . For beach goers , the bare necessities are your bathing suit , sunscreen , and towel . While going to the beach with the bare necessities is fun and relaxing , there are still minor burdens .
What happens when you go into the water and leave all your stuff behind ? Beyond the essentials , you have your sunglasses , wallet , cellphone and maybe a bluetooth speaker . Do you really feel safe covering all of that up with your tank top or jean shorts ?
Then there is the comfort aspect . While laying on the sand everyone has either used their tank top as a pillow ( which never works ) or built small sand mountain beneath your towel .
The Tillow is seeking to enhance your experience with one useful tool that makes going to the beach more secure for your personal items and comfortable for you .
The Tillow is a beach towel with a built-in contour foam pillow for maximum comfort . The pillow can be removed for washing and is sealed with a moisture resistant lining . Tillow also includes two camouflaged and water resistant storage pockets that keep your belongings safe from strangers . On of those pockets being a complete touchscreen sleeved design for your smart phone and any media device . You can answer calls , listen to music , and creep through Instagram without having to worry about damaging your phone .
We reiterated a lot of the things Katie mentioned in her video below , but she 's spot on . As a native of Orange County and resident in Pacific Beach , California , I 've hit every problem she mentions . If you live anywhere near water , I know you can relate to her as well .
A regular beach towel the size of the Tillow retails between $ 12- $ 16 . She 's offering the Tillow with all of its accessories for $ 25 . Be prepared for beach season and get your Tillow .
THE STEAL – $ 25 for one Tillow .
NEW DELHI : Palestine wants India to intervene to stop excessive security measures imposed by Israel on worshippers at Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem In a rare press conference , Adnan M A Abualhayjaa , Palestine ambassador to India said on Wednesday that the Indian government with close ties to Israel should persuade them to stop impositions resulting in the worst clashes in Jerusalem in years. “ India was leading other countries to support Palestinian people 's rights . What we are expecting is that the government continues its positive attitudes , “ Abualhayjaa said . “ With the relation between this government and Israel , I could say that they could interfere in the situation , especially when they knew very well what is the Palestinian cause and what are their rights in the occupied Palestinian territories , “ he said.Stressing that President Mahmoud Abbas and Modi had productive discussions during Abbas ' recent visit to India , the envoy said Modi skipping Ramallah on his recent trip to Israel would have no impact on India-Palestinian ties
Emerson Electric wants to own Rockwell Automation , and over the last three months has made a series of offers to that company , according to people familiar with the situation .
Emerson 's most recent offer for Rockwell , worth more than $ 27 billion , was in early October for $ 215 a share , split evenly between cash and stock . Like the $ 200 a share offer in early August and one a few weeks later , Rockwell gave a terse rejection , according to people with knowledge of the correspondence .
Rockwell Automation shares were up 12.7 percent at the opening bell in response to CNBC 's report . Emerson Electric shares were fractionally lower .
An Emerson official confirmed the company has made recent offers to purchase Rockwell , but would offer no comment beyond that .
Rockwell , a fiercely independent Midwestern company with a relatively new CEO , has been no stranger to Emerson as that company has looked for opportunities to consolidate in the industrial automation sector . But after years of trying to engage with Rockwell , Emerson for the first time made a formal offer to buy Rockwell in August . That offer was for $ 200 and when met with rejection , Emerson came back with both a higher price and with concessions on social issues that it hoped would bring Rockwell to the negotiating table .
The effort , which included a willingness to rename the resulting combination Emerson Rockwell , has been met with continued rejection . In addition , Rockwell 's stock price has moved up by more than 13 percent since Emerson made its first offer .
The latest offer for $ 215 in cash and stock valued Rockwell at over 20 times its expected earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization for 2017 and roughly 32 times analysts EPS estimates for this year . It would have a total value of more than $ 27 billion .
Emerson 's offer stems from its desire to be a leader in all areas of automation and to present a stronger competitive offering to industrial companies as European giants such as Siemens , ABB Automation Group and Schneider Electric become more aggressive in the field .
Emerson believes the combination could bring capitalized synergies worth $ 6 billion .
It is unclear whether Emerson is willing to mount a full on hostile bid for Rockwell , which is incorporated in Delaware .
Rockwell confirmed later Tuesday that it had rejected the two unsolicited proposals from Emerson , noting that the board of directors had carefully reviewed both offers and determined they were not in the best interest of shareholders .
Sources close to Rockwell tell me the company 's rejection of Emerson stems from a number of concerns including what they say is Emerson 's inability to successfully integrate previous acquisitions . The sources termed the bid a `` Hail Mary '' from CEO David Farr as he `` struggles '' at Emerson to move more firmly into automation .
Rockwell has a staggered board of directors and no ability to act by written consent to call a special meeting , making a hostile approach more difficult .
MANILA - The Metro Manila Film Festival ( MMFF ) executive committee has been revamped following the film fest 's lackluster box-office performance last year .
Metro Manila Development Authority ( MMDA ) Chairman Tim Orbos announced the appointment of new members for MMFF 2017 's executive committee .
Pro-indie members Moira Lang and Ed Cabangot were removed , and theater chain representatives were included in a bid to balance the interests of theater owners and movie producers with artistic demands and audience preference .
While saddened by his exit , Cabangot said he will continue to be active in pushing for quality movies and vowed to ensure that last year 's changes will not be ignored .
`` I am supremely grateful and honored to have been part of the change edition of this yearly celebration of Pinoy artistic excellence in cinema , '' Cabangot said .
`` Moira ( Lang ) and myself shall continue to monitor the evolution of the festival from the outside and make sure that this year 's edition shall build on last year 's revolutionary changes , '' he added .
Among the new appointees to the film fest executive committee were Batangas Rep. Vilma Santos , Senator Grace Poe , and Movie and Television Review and Classification Board ( MTRCB ) Chair Rachel Arenas .
Also apponted were Taguig City Mayor Lani Cayetano representing the Metro Manila mayors ; Police Director Oscar Albayalde , chief of NCRPO ; Liza Diño , head of the Film Development Council of the Philippines ; Wilson Tieng , president of the Movie Producers and Distributors Association of the Philippines ; Jun Romana of the Bureau of Broadcast Services ; Jesse Ejercito of the Philippine Motion Picture Producers Association ; Marichu Maceda , chair of Mowelfund ; actress Boots Anson-Rodrigo ; film distributor Victor Villegas ; movie directors Jose Romero IV and Mel Chionglo ; Rolando Tolentino , professor at UP College of Mass Communication ; Ed Lejano , executive director of the Quezon City Film Development Commission ; scriptwriter Ricky Lee ; journalist and documentary producer Kara Magsanoc-Alikpala ; professor and multimedia practitioner Noel Ferrer ; and lawyer Anselmo Adriano , chairman of the Optical Media Board .
Completing the roster of executive committee members were Edgar Tejerero , president of SM Lifestyle Inc. ; lawyer Rolando Duenas , assistant general manager of the Ayala Cinemas ; Christina Caparas , general manager of Vista Mall Cinemas ; and Evylene Advincula , operations manager of Robinsons Movieworld .
For the past three days , Michele and Bob Sundstrom and their five children have been painfully aware of the SUV parked in front of their house with a message painted on the rear windshield that says : “ Bigots live here . ”
Their neighborhood near Blossom Hill Road has suddenly become the center of a political tempest over Proposition 8 , the ballot measure to ban same-sex marriage .
The Sundstroms said they were stunned on Sunday afternoon when two women parked a Chevrolet Suburban in front of their home and began painting slogans on the SUV to counter the family 's huge “ Protect Marriage Yes on 8 banner ” hanging above their garage . “ Stop Bigots , ” one window read . “ God Hates Haters , ” read another .
“ All I see when I look at that vehicle is venom and hate , ” said Bob Sundstrom , who said he tried to speak to the women , who walked away and left the SUV behind .
The drama playing out in front of Sundstroms ' house on Harwood Road appears to reflect an emerging trend . Supporters and opponents report a growing lack of civility and tensions running high throughout the state as Election Day nears .
The Sundstroms called police but were told there was no crime , and nothing they could do to move the SUV — except wait . If the vehicle is not moved within 72 hours , sometime this afternoon , it can be towed .
Police say they went to the home of the SUV 's registered owners , but no one answered the door . The Mercury News tracked the vehicle 's license plate to Mara McWilliams and Renee Mangrum , who could not be reached Tuesday . In 2004 , McWilliams wrote in a Mercury News article of her “ feeling of liberation , validation and equality ” when the couple married in 2004 after San Francisco began performing gay marriages .
For many gay and lesbian people , the rhetoric of television ads and even the everyday things people say during a political campaign like Proposition 8 can carry a heavy emotional toll as normally buried feelings of prejudice are revealed , a group of researchers in San Francisco said Tuesday while releasing the results of two national surveys . Many gay and lesbian people are feeling stress , depression and alienation as the campaign intensifies .
Erik Martinez , a 26-year-old openly gay man , said he felt like he 'd been punched in the stomach when a life-long friend told him in front of a group at a friend 's wedding : “ You do n't have the right to get married . ”
“ I felt , ” Martinez said , “ every single word . ”
During a campaign like Prop . 8 , “ the number of negative messages about gay men and lesbians increases , ” said Sharon Rostosky , a professor of counseling psychology at the University of Kentucky , a member of a team of researchers who surveyed about 1,800 gay and lesbian people around the country during the last round of political battles over gay marriage in 2006 .
A second national study , of about 800 gay and lesbian Baby Boomers , found that in states that do not recognize same-sex relationships through marriage or domestic partnerships , respondents were less open about their sexual orientation , said Brian de Vries , a professor of gerontology at San Francisco State University .
Meanwhile , the Yes on 8 campaigns says it also is feeling a lack of tolerance from same-sex marriage supporters .
More than 200,000 Yes on 8 campaign signs have been removed or damaged across the state , including about 30,000 in the Bay Area , said Robert Warnick , who coordinates campaign signs for the Yes on 8 campaigns . Supporters of a ban on same-sex marriage have suffered more than $ 20,000 in damage to cars and other property , he said .
The Yes on 8 campaigns is shipping in 250,000 signs , which cost about $ 2 each , for the conclusion of the campaign .
“ It 's just been so egregious , ” Chip White , a spokesman for the Yes on 8 campaigns , said Tuesday . “ It 's ironic , because the other side claims they are the open-minded side , and they are the tolerant side , but having property damaged or destroyed is not an expression of tolerance . ”
The Sundstroms , devout Mormons , say they put the large banner on their home only after their lawn signs had been stolen .
“ We are not motivated by hate and anger in any way , ” Michele Sundstrom said . “ We think same-sex couples should enjoy the same rights and privileges as married couples , as it says in the California family code . We just do n't want to redefine the word marriage . ”
Mercury News staff writer Patrick May contributed to this story . Contact Mike Swift at ( 408 ) 271-3648 or at mswift @ mercurynews.com .
Mysterious Cities of Gold : Secret Paths was always a sure thing for the Wii U and 3DS , but a Kickstarter for the new video game launched last week in hopes of providing a better localizing effort .
The campaign goal has since been reached after funds reached $ 30,000 . As a result , Secret Paths will be fully localized in English with voice-acting dubbing of cinematic scenes and dialogue . Spanish subtitles will also be included , and a PC port has been guaranteed .
There 's still 23 days remaining in the Kickstarter campaign . If donations exceed $ 40,000 , the team will add in Italian , German , Portuguese , Brazilian Portuguese , and Swedish subtitles . There are also plans for a free Polish translation thanks to some assistance from a professional translator fan .
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Jan. 26 , 2015 , 12:26 PM GMT
LONDON — Of all the stories of survival from the Auschwitz concentration camp , Gena Turgel 's is one of the most astonishing .
“ When I think back , I have to pinch myself sometimes to see if I 'm really alive , '' the 90-year-old told NBC News .
Turgel , an elegant woman with more than a hint of mischief in her blue eyes , survived not one or two , but three Nazi concentration camps .
In the most notorious of all , Auschwitz-Birkeanau , she was herded naked into a gas chamber with hundreds of others .
Yet Turgel , who was 21 at the time , walked out alive .
She had no idea the Nazis had tried to kill her until a woman she knew said , “ Do n't you know what has just happened to you ? You were in the gas chamber ! ”
Turgel still looks amazed to have cheated death .
`` I completely lost my voice , '' she said . `` I just never realized I was in the gas chamber ... it must not have worked . ''
`` I wear a lot of perfume . The stench of the camps will always stay with me and I try to block it out ''
Turgel 's life sounds like a history of the war . She was 16 when her hometown of Krakow , Poland , was bombed by the Nazi Luftwaffe on Sept. 1 , 1939 , the first day of the war . She had relatives in Chicago but the family was too late in acting on their plan to move there , and Poland was swiftly sealed by the Germans .
In Krakow 's Jewish ghetto , she lost two brothers fighting the Nazis . She then was sent to Plaszow concentration camp where she survived for two-and-a-half years until she was marched to Auschwitz . She survived testing by the infamous Nazi Doctor Josef Mengele .
After two months , as the Red Army advanced towards Auschwitz , she was sent on a `` death march , ” first to Buchenwald concentration camp and then to Belsen , where she shared a barracks with the dying Dutch teenager Anne Frank .
When Belsen was liberated by the British , she showed a handsome young army officer , Norman Turgel , around the makeshift hospital where she worked . Within six months they were married .
Every story of survival at Auschwitz is extraordinary but hers is perhaps unique .
“ I wear a lot of perfume , ” she whispers . `` The stench of the camps will always stay with me and I try to block it out. ” It 's not the only physical reaction she has to her ordeal . Her 17-year-old sister Miriam used to sleep with her , on her left side . Miriam was shot by the Germans for smuggling food into Plaszov . She says she still feels a constant chill along her left arm .
The ghosts of the camp and her family — she lost seven siblings and her father — still haunt her . As we talk , tears come to her eyes , but she does n't let them fall .
“ To cry in Auschwitz could have you shot , '' she said . `` We had to be strong , to block out everything . ”
The killing of four Jews in Paris by Islamist radicals earlier this month sent a shiver through Turgel . It reinforced the message she has tried to teach in the schools she visits regularly , that the hatred of Jews is not consigned to history and is instead kept alive and must be fought against .
She has been back to Auschwitz twice with her grandsons , passing on her memories to new generations and on Tuesday , at home in London , she will be watching the ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation .
Turgel is determined to speak today , to try to ensure that Jews never again face the same threats .
“ Those people were real . They were mothers and fathers , uncles and aunts , doctors and teachers , poets , wonderful people . Composers . And now they scream in silence , '' she says . “ My story is only one story , but it is the story six million others can not tell . I was , and always shall be , the witness to ... mass murder . ''
Australians Aghast At National Avocado Shortage
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
There 's a dietary disaster developing down under : Australia is running low on avocados .
Demand for avocados has been rising in Australia , and supply is struggling to keep up . Heavy rains have interfered with the harvest in Western Australia and New Zealand , the main sources of avocados in the region at this time of year . Fires in Western Australia have only made the situation worse .
As a result , supply is down . Prices have spiked . One food truck in Sydney has resorted to using frozen avocado .
You might remember a few times when the threat of an avocado shortage has caused consternation in America — usually framed as a panic about the guacamole supply .
But that 's not what 's preoccupying most Australian diners right now . The uproar over avocados is all about breakfast .
Toast , to be precise . Smashed avocado on toast , a staple dish in Australian coffeeshops .
You may know avotoast as a health-food trend in the States , but the Australian avocation for avocado toast extends beyond the clean-eating set .
Many Aussies also believe their nation invented the food .
A profile of the dish by The Australian first described it in glowing terms — as `` a glimmering heap of mashed avocado , flecked with salt and spices , atop a plank of rustic bread '' and `` the emblematic food of our times '' — then got down to the question of origin .
`` You have to remember that Australia was founded as a nation by convicts , so we have this great tradition of simply claiming things as our own , '' chef and television personality Curtis Stone told the newspaper . `` I 'm not sure whether avocado toast is actually ours to stake claim to , but we really take it on . ''
WTF Australia ? ! ? Is this for real ? A photo posted by Naomi Lawson ( @ naomi_lawson ) on Jan 17 , 2016 at 9:44pm PST
Anyway , back to the crisis .
An orchard owner told The Guardian he found the price of Australian avocados `` a bit embarrassing '' right now — like avocados selling for $ 4.98 ( about $ 3.50 in American dollars ) . The average price per avocado in America is about a dollar .
But Russell Delroy explained the rain and fire were only worsening a deeper problem :
`` He said 12 years ago , Australians ate about 1.4kg [ 3.3 lb ] of the fruit per person each year , which has risen to 3.2 kg [ 7 lb ] . The industry was aiming to boost that to 5kg [ 11 lb ] within the next decade , he said . `` ... 'At the moment , we 're just not producing enough for summer demand , but a lot of planting is going on currently to prepare for the future , ' Delroy said . `` But it takes at least six years to get young trees into decent production . ' ``
So true avocado stability for Australia is still years away .
The current shortage should be resolved in February , when the crop out of Queensland starts to arrive .
`` You 've just got to ride the wave , '' a produce wholesaler told delicious.com.au , `` Be patient and wait until the end of February . ''
It 's not clear how patient Australian avo fans are prepared to be . Sample responses to the shortage on social media include `` I do n't want to live anymore '' and # trulytheraptureisuponus .
One pop culture expert , interviewed by news.com.au , truly believes the nation can do it .
`` We lived through the banana crisis and we are resilient people when it comes to cafe calamities , '' Dr. Lauren Rosewarne told the site . `` We will survive but we may have to change our order . ''
She recommended beans on toast .
State 's water delivery outlook is grim Water delivery : State 's system has lowest-ever estimate of allocations
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close State 's water delivery outlook is grim 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Operators of the sprawling state system that supplies water to 25 million Californians from Butte County to San Diego issued their lowest-ever estimate on the amount of water they will be able to deliver .
Officials predicted Tuesday they will be able to offer only 5 percent of the total volume of water requested by California cities and farms next year . That 's the smallest water allocation the agency has released since its creation in 1967 .
The estimate , based on current water conditions , is only preliminary and is almost certain to rise as the rainy season wears on . Still , officials expect a multiyear drought , low reservoirs and environmental restrictions on water pumping to keep supplies well below average in 2010 .
`` We have to assume we 're heading into a fourth year of drought and we have to respond accordingly , '' said Lester Snow , director of the California Department of Water Resources , the state agency that operates the network of reservoirs , pumps and pipelines known as the State Water Project .
Increase possible
If this winter were to bring relatively wet conditions , Snow said , deliveries ultimately could creep up to between 20 and 40 percent by spring . Over the last 10 years , springtime water allocations have averaged about 68 percent . Last year at this time , the department said it was likely to deliver about 15 percent . Deliveries edged up to 40 percent after late-season precipitation boosted reservoir levels and Sierra Nevada snowpack , but about 60 water agencies across the state were forced to impose some form of mandatory rationing .
For Bay Area water districts that depend on the California water project - including many communities in Napa , Solano , Alameda and Santa Clara counties - 2010 will be another year in which conservation , recycling and groundwater storage loom large .
The Santa Clara Valley Water District , which delivers about 400,000 acre feet each year to 1.8 million residents of Silicon Valley , relies on the state water project for as much as 25 percent of its supply each year ( 1 acre foot is equal to about 326,000 gallons ) .
A slim supply next year means the district will have to lean more heavily on its local reservoirs , its recycled water system and supplies from the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission 's Hetch Hetchy reservoir . In addition , at its meeting Tuesday , the district is expected to extend a 15 percent water conservation target into next year .
`` If we go in a fifth , or sixth or seventh year of drought , it 's going to get a lot more painful , '' said Keith Whitman , water supply manager for the district .
Other major water agencies in the Bay Area , including San Francisco 's PUC , the East Bay Municipal Utility District and the Marin Municipal Water District , operate independent water systems that are n't tied into the state 's network .
As water managers attempt to squeeze every last drop out of their supplies , Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger and others used Tuesday 's announcement to underscore the importance of the state 's plan to overhaul the aging water network .
`` I am encouraged that we are in a position to rebuild the system to better withstand the drought situations so we are not forced to agonize over a clean , reliable water supply for future generations , '' Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
The plan for restoring the ailing Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta , improving groundwater monitoring and building new dams , reservoirs and a controversial canal calls for borrowing $ 11 billion - a measure expected to go to voters in November .
Only a broad goal
Snow acknowledged that nothing in the water plan or bond , however , directly addresses the current crisis aside from the broader goal of reducing urban water use by 20 percent by 2020 .
`` We need to do a better job on conservation - it 's the single most effective tool we can use now and into next spring that will have some benefit in these drought conditions , '' he said .
1 . About the programme
2 . Announcement
3 . Create application
EEA : Romanian Research Programme ( EEA Romania )
Deadline Announcement The programme does not contain active announcements
Objectives :
The main objective of the Romanian-EEA Research Programme objectives is to enhance research-based knowledge development in Romania through enhanced research cooperation between Romania and the Donor States ( Norway , Iceland and Lichtenstein ) .
The programme will support joint research projects which will deliver results in the form of scientific publications , patent applications and PhD students supported .
The cooperation is to be based on equal partnerships between research entities in the Donor States and in Romania , with the leading role of the latter .
The research programme shall reflect and promote the general principles laid down in the European Charter for Researchers and Code of Conduct for the Recruitment of Researchers .
The programme will fund joint research projects ( JRPs ) in the following areas of research :
- Renewable energy ;
- Health and food safety ;
- Environmental protection and management ;
- Social sciences and humanities .
The call and the programme are administrated by the Romanian Ministry of National Education and the implementing agency UEFISCDI .
A beta version of BlackBerry OS 10.3.2.2474 leaked last month , but those who captured the update were not allowed to share their thoughts on the new features due to the NDA that covers these beta updates .
The good news is BlackBerry has just started the rollout of OS 10.3.2.2474 update for BlackBerry 10 devices .
We have just captured the small update on Passport and Passport Silver smartphone , which has about 36MB in size .
However , if you come from a much earlier version of BlackBerry OS , like 10.3.1 for example , the update might have up to 1.5GB in size .
Unfortunately , BlackBerry did not provide an official changelog with the update , though we did notice that it adds Amazon Underground .
The update also includes a fix for the Stagefright exploit , but also other fixes for browser security , double typing and Android Player .
We also noticed that the update breaks some features inside the Passport Silver Edition , such as the HUB and Instant Actions , which disappear .
Even if the smartphone will automatically reboot after upgrading to OS 10.3.2.2474 , we suggest you manually reboot the smartphone again if you notice that some things do not work correctly .
The update is now available in European countries , but it is likely to arrive in other regions very soon . If you already captured the update , let us know in the comments what other changes you noticed .
Last month , Liberty Counsel President Anita Staver said that she plans on “ taking a Glock .45 to the ladies room ” after Target announced a new policy prohibiting discrimination against transgender customers .
Liberty Counsel is a notorious anti-LGBT group that has taken credit for shaping discriminatory laws such as North Carolina 's discriminatory HB2 .
In an interview with Alan Colmes that was posted online today , she repeated her claim that women should take their firearms while out shopping in order to “ prepare for predators that might be in the restroom . ”
When Colmes asked if she could name any cases of crimes that have occurred as a result of states states adopting LGBT nondiscrimination laws , Staver was unable to name any .
“ I 'm not a statistician , ” she said .
However , she did claim that there have been around 20 crimes committed in Target restrooms , although she did n't say whether any of those alleged crimes had anything to do with the store policy , and said that she was personally a victim of attempted assault .
Colmes responded : “ I 'm very sorry that happened to you , but the question is whether or not these laws have led to increased incidents of assault . And in state after state , whether it 's Connecticut , Hawaii , Vermont , Rhode Island , New Mexico , Minnesota , Massachusetts , Maine , Iowa , they 've all said , statements from those states , no additional incidents since laws in those states have gone into effect . So it seems like it 's a solution in search of a problem . ”
Staver nonetheless said that Target has “ caused predators to know that women are easy prey in these places ” and “ put a bullseye on the women by highly publicizing this policy and that 's caused predators to go around in these different states in the country and target women . ”
She then falsely claimed that a man in Washington state exposed himself to a girls ' swim team and conceded that “ there may not have been increases in the past , but I guarantee you there will be with the national attention that we have . ”
On October 12 , Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported the United States placed an entire division of troops in Poland . The article was part of larger coverage from the outlet , which accused NATO of a military build-up on Russia 's western borders . Russian government officials were cited in the articles , one of which was titled “ Ministry of Defense : the US placed a whole division on Russia 's borders in the Baltics ” .
While there are American troops in Poland , RIA Novosti 's reporting on the size and scope of the United States ' contribution to NATO 's Atlantic Resolve is overstated and flatly false .
Translation : ‘ “ Under the guise of demagogy ” Expert on the US division near Russia 's borders ' ( Source via ria.ru )
Translation : “ Russian MoD : The US deployed a whole division near Russia 's borders in the Baltics ” ( Source : ria.ru )
Translation : ‘ “ Surprise did n't work out ” the US deployed a second armored brigade to Poland ' ( Source via ria.ru )
Translation : ‘ In Poland they deny the presence of a US division in the country ' ( Source via ria.ru )
Translation : ‘ ” Quietly ” : Russian MoD informed about a deployment of NATO troops to Russia 's borders ' ( Source via ria.ru )
In the series of articles , RIA Novosti cited Russian Ministry of Defense ( MoD ) spokesperson Igor Konashenkov , who accused the Pentagon of using Russia 's Zapad 2017 joint military exercise with Belarus to launch a “ fraudulent media campaign ” to deploy an armored division to Poland . Konashenko said :
Konashenkov 's statement was false in several instances .
First of all , the United States deployed a Brigade Combat Team , not a division . The difference is significant . A brigade typically consists of 1,500 to 3,500 soldiers , whereas a division ranges between 10,000 to 15,000 . While the difference may be obscure to civilians , Konashenkov is a major general in the Russian army and is unlikely to have made such a mistake by accident .
( Source : U.S. Army Europe )
According to the U.S. Army Europe 's factsheet , the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team replaced the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team . In the article , RIA Novosti claimed the equipment of the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team remains in Poland and suggested that , together with the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team 's equipment , U.S. Army Europe 's presence in Poland now makes up a “ mechanized infantry division ” deployed on Russia 's borders . Again , even if this narrative was accurate , two brigades would not amount to a division , which is defined as consisting of three or more brigades .
In an interview with Stars and Stripes on September 13 , Master Sgt . Brent Williams , the spokesperson for the command element overseeing the U.S. Army operations in Europe , confirmed the 3rd Brigade 's equipment will be returned to the United States as soon as the 2nd Brigade 's equipment is operational . He said :
“ When 2nd Brigade is ‘ ready to fight ' , the 3rd Brigade will mobilize for its long haul back to Fort Carson , sending the unit 's tanks and combat vehicles over the Atlantic Ocean . ”
Fort Carson is in the western United States , rather than eastern Europe . In other words , there will be some overlap of when the equipment of both brigades is in Europe as part of standard handover procedure . While every statement on military deployments should be checked , the United States has hitherto been transparent about European deployments . There is no evidence to suggest that the arrival of the 2nd Armed Brigade Combat Team is intended as an addition to the current deployment , as the 3rd Armed Brigade Combat team rotates out .
Another overstatement from the Russian MoD posited the deployment was a response to Zapad 2017 . However , the original 3rd Armed Brigade Combat Team deployment was announced as a rotational measure in November 2016 to arrive in January 2017 and remain in Europe for 9 months . The arrival of the 2nd Armed Brigade Combat Team is therefore consistent with that timeline , allowing for a handover period .
The deployment of the 2nd Armed Brigade Combat Team was first announced in April 2017 , six months before the start of Zapad 2017 . Again , there is no evidence to uphold the claim that the deployment was linked to Zapad , and is rather a part of the rotational schedule .
This and other articles published by RIA Novosti on October 12 appear to be a part of a disinformation campaign geared toward Russian citizens in an attempt to portray NATO as a threat to Russia 's national security . As disinformation is continuing to be deployed against on Russia 's border with NATO , we will continue to monitor the information space .
To clear its streets of cellphone towers , parking meters , Wi-Fi terminals , streetlights and even community message boards , the city of Vancouver is pushing forward with a scheme to compress all the technologies together into specialized “ Vancouver poles ” planted throughout the city .
“ Meet your inevitable future , ” wrote novelist Douglas Coupland , the technology 's creator , in an introductory Tweet .
Alongside Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson , the author unveiled the “ V-Pole ” concept technology last week at the New Cities Summit in Paris , France . “ You would never think of building a house or office tower without electricity — in the same way , you would never think of developing future cities without ‘ V-Poles , ' ” said Mr. Coupland in a statement quickly reprinted by French , German and Italian media .
[ np-related ]
The device , no larger than a telephone pole , would manage cell signals for multiple carriers , as well as wireless Internet for the surrounding neighbourhood . In-ground pads plugged into the pole would provide inductive charging for parked electric cars . An integrated touch screen would display maps , ads or payment interfaces , and an LED street light would be perched at the top of the pole .
“ You could pay for parking , you could pay for electric vehicle charging , that kind of thing , ” said Sahdu Johnston , Vancouver 's Deputy City Manager .
The core of the V-Pole is lightRadio , a device developed jointly by Bell Labs and telecommunications giant Alcatel-Lucent that compresses all the wires and circuit boards of a cellphone tower into a single Rubik 's cube-sized block . “ You can stack them inside a pole like Lego , ” said Mr. Coupland .
A friend of Mr. Robertson , Mr. Coupland said the idea came up a year ago when the pair were discussing city efforts to address an encroaching forest of cellphone towers . As of early 2012 , Downtown Vancouver is home to more than 100 cellphone towers operated by more than five competing carriers .
“ We 've been seeing an almost exponentially growing demand for data , ” said Mr. Johnston . “ So , we 've been trying to find a way to integrate cell phone infrastructure into the urban landscape in a way that does not detract from the aesthetic and view qualities of the city . ”
As wireless traffic climbs — and infrastructure expands in response — Mr. Coupland predicts that poorly-managed cities could become “ as cluttered as a kitchen junk drawer. ” “ I like to get rid of as much crap as possible from the visual environment , ” he said .
It would not be the first time cities have been swamped by telecommunications clutter . One of Thomas Edison 's earliest inventions was the Quadruplex Telegraph , a device that allowed simultaneous messages to be transmitted along a single telegraph wire . Prior to the invention – in the mid 1800s – every single telegraph operator needed their own cable , resulting in dense urban jungles of telegraph wires that came close to blocking out the sun .
“ It 's getting to the point in most dense metropolitan areas where [ traditional cell towers ] can not provide adequate capacity — especially with the advent of smartphones and tablets , ” said Richard Hamilton , a vice-president with Alcatel-Lucent . “ So , what we need to do is go to smaller cells , so there 's fewer people in each cell trying to access the same spectrum . ”
The lightRadio technology is so compact that the cubes could just as easily be hidden under the eaves of a nearby house . Putting the technology in a pole is about making a “ statement , ” said Mr. Coupland . “ Data transmission is no longer something scary you do n't want in your backyard . Now you want it directly in front of your house , ” reads a V-Pole news release . Nevertheless , the poles are bound to attract the ire of a small but vocal Lower Mainland community of anti-Wi-Fi and anti-cell tower activists . Last month , Vancouver city councillor Adriane Carr pushed forward a resolution that would allow Vancouverites to “ opt out ” from using Wi-Fi-enabled “ smart ” power meters .
‘ It 's getting to the point in most dense metropolitan areas where [ traditional cell towers ] can not provide adequate capacity '
The best-selling author of Generation X and Microserfs , Mr. Coupland also has a hefty résumé in public art . In 2008 , Toronto unveiled Mr. Coupland 's abstract monument to the War of 1812 : a larger-than-life gold coloured toy soldier done up in the regalia of the 1813 Royal Newfoundland Regiment standing over a toppled toy soldier dressed as an American infantryman . Mr. Coupland is also behind the Terry Fox memorial unveiled last September outside the refurbished B.C . Place stadium .
The V-Pole project is entirely open source , which means Mr. Coupland receives no royalties or consulting fees for the design . V-Poles , still in the conceptual stage , are all-white save for a band of multicoloured rings clustered near the top . Mr. Coupland sees the poles as being decked out in neighbourhood-specific colour schemes . “ They are introducing a new era of communication and utility — so that 's why they 're a bit exuberant , I imagine in the future they 'll all be painted dull brown or something , but for now we should celebrate them , ” said Mr. Coupland .
There is no way to estimate the unit cost per pole , but Mr. Hamilton pegs it in the “ thousands ” rather than the “ tens of thousands . ”
The new poles could cancel out some already-pricey infrastructure schemes . Last month , the province of B.C . pledged $ 2.74-million to install 570 electric car-charging stations , and Vancouver is already looking at plans to swap out some of its sodium street lights with LEDs .
National Post
• Email : thopper @ nationalpost.com
David Banner has an idea about how racism can benefit the Black community .
While discussing the problem with Black people not wanting to be Black , Banner said A-list white actors refuse to appear in Black films in order to keep money in their communities , and he thinks that 's the way it 's supposed to be .
“ I do n't see a problem [ with ] racism anymore , ” he says on The Breakfast Club Friday , April 21 . “ White people are supposed to take care of white people first . They supposed to give themselves the Grammys first , the movies first , 'cause do n't lions take care of lions ? Tigers take care of tigers ? It 's not white people 's racism that 's the problem , it 's Black people 's lack of racism . We 're supposed to be racist , too , and we 're not . ”
Banner said the only reason racism matters is because Black people care about what white people think .
“ If we did n't care what white people thought about us in the first place , it would n't matter , ” Banner says .
The socially conscious rapper , who stopped by the station to promote his new album “ The God Box , ” went on to discuss how important it is for Black students to attend historically Black colleges and universities , which have been crippled by financial distress in the past several years .
“ If one generation of Black kids got together and said , ‘ We all gon na go to HBCUs , ' do you know what that would do to the historically Black colleges ? ” Banner says . “ We have all these so-called Black people and Black leaders excelling in college , but none of them are excelling in African-American studies . … I even told an HBCU that I 'm from , ‘ How dare you be an HBCU and I learn more at LSU about being African than I did here ? ' All we are doing is teaching these people how to be upwardly mobile in white supremacy and not build their own businesses . ”
Welcome to the 7th edition of Ingress Teardowns . This time we are peeking into 1.57.1 . This version is currently on a small rollout to a Play Store near you . Missions of course are the big interested topic , so if you have n't heard of them yet . Please read the 1.55.0 Teardown ( Missions first discovered ) and 1.56.0 Teardown ( Development of Missions continued ) , as we will not repeat details in this teardown . Enjoy !
New Portal View screen
When selecting a key in your inventory , you are presented with a large rotating picture of the portal . Also , the Recharge button has been moved to a new location .
Mass Recycle keys
The first complaint following the Mass Recycle feature ( introduced in 1.54.0 ) was lack of mass key recycling . Rejoice , your suggestion has been taken into consideration and added !
Missions
In APK since ( 1.55.0 )
In this iteration of development we saw the connection of layout to backend code , along with a lot of the visual changes and actions being developed / finished . For example , when you finish a mission , and complete the waypoints / tasks . You will be greeted with a nice message .
You 've earned a Mission medal .
Now lets take a quick breath before panicking . I do n't believe this medal is like one that would go on our profile page ( ie badges ) . I see an entire label and table contained within the mission layouts . This means that this medal is probably isolated to that feature . These medals are probably more or less proof that you completed that mission .
There is a timer that runs for missions for calculating how long it took you . This timer only has the following fields
Minutes , Hours and Days
On the surface , this is probably nothing , but it might be a hint for missions that can not be completed in a less than an hour . There may be missions that take days or more . Or on the flip side of the coin this is just a precaution for agents who may take a lot of time .
Missions appear to be nearing the end of its development . I would venture a guess that the next version might have this feature live . It would be the 4th release since the discovery of this addition , which is about the timescale that new features ( Capsules and levels ) seem to take for development and launching .
Android Backup
A tiny change caught my eye this week . A boolean value for the allowBackup attribute was changed to false .
android : allowBackup= ” false ”
I switch between phones a lot , so using applications that utilize adb backup is n't uncommon for me . Then again , Ingress is mainly server side so this change does n't hurt as bad as applications that only have client side storage . Still makes me wonder what triggered this change .
Field Trip
As we 've spoken before about Niantic 's other application : Field Trip . There are two new files ( SimpleFieldTripCard and FieldTripCard ) , which directly relate to that application . However , they are not referenced anywhere else yet . So there functionality and use in Ingress is still unknown .
Language
Language strings were renamed , translations modified , languages abstracted and 10+ locales were updated . If your language is not English , I would take a look because maybe something language related has changed .
Nitty Gritty
Handshake
Added enableBadAnalyticsTrackingEventLogging
Build Dates
Built July 29
Obtained July 29
Closing
Along with the almost completed development of missions . I saw another hint at the dreaded XM bug that continues to affect people . There are multiple states of the game when simply at the scanner screen . With some in-game actions triggering an updateVacuumedEnergyGlobs function , this function I believe is in response to that bug . If you 've experienced vanishing XM during hacking . I would give 1.57.1 a try and report back .
Buses lacking the cleanest diesel engines would be the first vehicles to be banned from Glasgow city centre under anti-pollution measures due to be introduced next year .
Firms could ultimately lose their operating licences if they ran other buses through what 's expected to be Scotland 's first low emission zone ( LEZ ) , the city council said today .
However , bus firms expressed anger at being singled out and warned that fares could rise and services cut .
Environmental campaigners also urged that other vehicles should be included in the restrictions from the start .
The council is expected to impose quotas on operators that will progressively increase the proportion of buses in the zone required to have compliant engines .
At present , just one in ten buses in main operator First Glasgow 's fleet have such Euro VI engines .
The council plans to target the 800 buses which use the city centre first because they cause the greatest health-threatening nitrogen dioxide pollution .
Some 300 premature deaths a year in Glasgow are caused by poor air quality .
The council hopes the move will reduce levels of the pollutant in the worst thoroughfares , such as Hope Street , by about 25 per cent .
In such streets , buses cause 70 per cent of the pollution .
The council has given no indication of when cars , taxis and lorries would face restrictions .
However , three quarters of diesel cars and taxis do not have the required the cleanest engines .
That also goes for half the total number of cars in the city .
The LEZ boundaries have not been set , but it could cover an area bordered by the M8 , River Clyde and High Street/Saltmarket , similar to the current air quality management area .
The Scottish Government is expected to help fund the retrofitting of bus engines so their exhausts can become complaint .
The council said it would cost about £15,000 per bus - a tenth of the £150,000 cost of a new vehicle .
LEZ restrictions would be enforced using number plate cameras , which already operate on some streets to deter other vehicles from using bus lanes .
The council expects Traffic Commissioner for Scotland Joan Aitken to add conditions to operators ' licences to enforce the restrictions .
If firms broke their quotas for the number of non-compliant buses entering the zone , they could be reported to the commissioner .
Sanctions include licences to operate being revoked .
Anna Richardson , the council 's sustainability and carbon reduction convener , said the bus quotas would be based on “ what 's reasonable within a certain time period ... the timescales are up for debate ” .
She said : “ People using buses have a right to be on clean buses and breathe clean air at bus stops . ”
“ It will make the city centre more pleasant and make for a nicer public transport experience . ”
Ms Richardson added that if cars were restricted at a later stage , “ We are not saying you have to change your car , but you may not be able to bring it into the heart of town .
“ The city centre is very accessible by cycling , walking and public transport . ”
However , the council stressed the city centre 's pollution levels did not make it dangerous to visit , as limits for short-term exposure had not been breached .
Although Glasgow has been in the lead , Edinburgh also wants to have Scotland 's LEZ .
It is possible that the capital might be chosen first , as a higher proportion of its buses have the cleanest diesel engines .
These include one in three of Lothian Buses ' fleet - the city 's main operator , and one in five of First Scotland East 's .
However , Glasgow 's need is arguably greater , with one third more deaths from pollution than the 200 a year in Edinburgh .
Transport minister Humza Yousaf , who launched a Scotland-wide consultation on LEZs two weeks ago , has said only that the first will be established next year .
The three other largest cities - which also include Aberdeen and Dundee - would follow by 2020 .
Friends of the Earth applauded Glasgow 's “ strong ” proposal but said other vehicles should be included from the start .
Air pollution campaigner Emilia Hanna said : “ LEZs are a life saving intervention , proven to reduce harmful levels of emissions and Glasgow City Council is to be congratulated for bringing forward plans which will allow children to breathe cleaner air and live healthier futures .
“ The area that the council has proposed , which spans the city centre , is clearly the right choice , because this busy area , where many people live , work and relax in is a designated pollution zone which regularly experiences dangerous levels of pollution .
“ Whilst the council 's ambition to have an LEZ is welcome , it 's very disappointing the plans would only restrict buses in the first instance .
“ The Glasgow LEZ should apply to buses , lorries , and vans from the start and to include cars and taxis at a later stage . ”
The Confederation of Passenger Transport , which represents bus operators , warned the plans could see fare increase and services cut .
Spokesman Paul White : “ It is disappointing the council has drafted this report without consulting local bus operators or waiting for the ongoing national LEZ consultation to conclude .
“ Introducing an LEZ without proper consideration of the impact on bus operators can lead to unintended consequences that gravely damage the wider bus service network .
“ Operators unable to meet new vehicle standards may be forced to withdraw services operating within the LEZ or mitigate the cost of accelerated fleet renewal through the farebox .
“ Both reactions will reduce bus use , increase car journeys , and worsen congestion and air quality .
“ We will look to engage with the council to discuss this report and what complementary measures it intends to put in place to reduce congestion , increase traffic speeds and enable modal shift to bus .
“ If that is not the council 's intended approach , then this report is punitive to bus passengers and will fail to tackle the underlying causes of poor city centre air quality . ”
First Glasgow said buses should not be targeted first .
Managing director Andrew Jarvis said : “ We are fully supportive of the Scottish Government 's plans for LEZs and we believe improving air quality can be best achieved through working in partnership with Glasgow City Council and other partners and stakeholders .
“ However , as Glasgow 's biggest bus operator , First Glasgow is deeply disappointed that the city council 's proposals focus only on bus , which is the one form of road transport capable of reducing congestion and improving air quality on the city 's roads , given that one bus can absorb the people from 75 cars .
“ In particular , this bus-only approach is in stark contrast to the current Transport Scotland consultation , Building Scotland 's Low Emission Zones , which specifically states that ‘ bus-only LEZs are not being proposed in this consultation for any location in Scotland ' .
“ Our disappointment continues with the lack of engagement and consultation surrounding these specific proposals . ”
The council denied the LEZ was designed to be bused only .
A report on its plans will be considered by the city administration committee next Thursday .
Ms Richardson said : “ Poor air quality is a significant public health concern and a major social justice issue for Glasgow .
“ This report is the first step towards reaching our aspiration to be the first city in Scotland to introduce a LEZ and we will be actively consulting with the public and organisations as part of this .
“ This is the start of the conversation and certainly not , by any means , a final proposal . ”
A spokesman for the Scottish Government 's Transport Scotland agency , said : “ We welcome that Glasgow City Council is already giving consideration to the implementation of a LEZ . We would encourage local authorities to be ambitious in their proposals for LEZs .
“ We have launched a detailed national consultation on low emission zones to ensure the public 's views are fully taken into account . ”
In the 1982 Clint Eastwood movie Firefox , the Soviet Union develops a stealth jet capable of hypersonic speeds and completely invisible to radar – so advanced that the U.S. and U.K. have to infiltrate the country and steal it . Well , Clint Eastwood may want to put his flight suit on . Because the way the Russians are hyping their latest jet , the T-50 , you 'd think it was Firefox come to life . Russia tested the second prototype for its T-50 ( a.k.a . the PAK FA ) fifth generation fighter jet yesterday . The plane took off from the Sukhoi 's Komsomolsk-on-Amur airfield and flew for 44 minutes .
Much like the movie 's fictional stealth MiG 31 had weapons that could be controlled by human thought , Russia 's General Nikolay Makarov last year claimed that the T-50 is so advanced that it has `` almost human intelligence . '' Now , the Russian media is echoing the talking points , heralding the jet as `` a real revolution in aircraft construction '' and `` both cheaper and better than its American still unborn analogue [ the F-22 Raptor ] . ''
But while the T-50 does represent a more advanced design than Russia 's current jets , it 's not quite the bleeding edge thoughtmobile it 's made out to be .
At an estimated $ 100 million a pop , it is cheaper than its F-22 rival , whose unit cost is about $ 150 million . But the lower price comes with lesser capability , including stealth . As Ares ' Bill Sweetman commented on the first prototype T-50 's `` not-very-stealthy-looking '' aspects , `` Apparently the designers and systems analysts have looked at the thorny question of 'how much stealth do we want to pay for ? ' and have come up with a different answer than the F-22 designers . ''
That has n't stopped some here in the United States from looking at fifth generation fighter attempts around the world and getting a little status anxiety . F-22 proponents have pointed to the T-50 as a reason to crank out more F-22s . And just recently , Pictures of China 's new J-20 stealth fighter surfaced , causing some hand-wringing over Chinese military might . There , too , the fretting seemed a bit premature , with the Director of Naval Intelligence raising doubts about when the jet would become operational .
In the meantime , Russia 's Defense Ministry also said yesterday that it wo n't be able to make a new strategic bomber until at least 2025 . By that time , we hope , Clint will have made another flick about Moscow 's latest aerospace advancements .
See Also :
Transcript :
Voice on Phone : Tech support . How can I help you ? Rat : Yeah , I 've loaded your software onto my and now the computer is n't working at all . Voice on Phone : I 'm sorry to hear that . Let 's see what I can do . Rat : Fine . Voice on Phone : Okay , to begin , I 'd like you to check if it 's plugged in . Rat : Plugged in ? Is it plugged in ? Voice on Phone : Yes , sir . Rat : I 've waited forty minutes on hold so that some tech guy could ask me that ? Voice on Phone : Yes , sir . It 's a checklist I have to go through . Rat : Yeah , well here 's my checklist .... Item 1 : Stop buying software from companies that treat me like a @ # $ % @ # moron ! Item 2 : Stop wasting forty minutes on hold to speak to someone as useless as you ! Sorry , sir , it 's just our procedure that I-
Most of Scotland 's news outlets , including the Times , Herald , Daily Record , Daily Mail , Express and the BBC , run today with the story that one in three Police Scotland officers intend to leave the force in the next three years , according to a recent survey for the Scottish Police Authority .
( The print edition of the Scotsman makes it the front-page splash , although the article has mysteriously vanished from its website . )
But a couple of pieces of important information are inexplicably missing .
The Times , for example , note that :
And that 's certainly partly correct .
Above is a page from the actual report , to which we 've added the blue highlighting . The reason we 've added it is that the single factor which was cited by far and away the most officers as key to their intention to leave was changes to their pension .
Yet for some reason the Times leaves that out of their list entirely , despite it being cited by two-and-a-half times as many respondents as any other factor .
It also barely gets mentioned in any of the other reports – there 's nothing in the Mail , just a single sentence in the Record , Express and BBC website stories , and it is n't addressed at all in the BBC 's two-minute TV news package . The Scotsman front page puts it in the strapline but then says nothing in the article other than in a quote from the deputy chief constable , which also features in the Herald .
Readers might wonder why such a key piece of information would be glossed over in such a manner . And as it happens , we may have the answer to that one :
The changes to police pension arrangements which have so dispirited the force were imposed on it by Westminster two years ago , despite the Scottish Government having been willing to fund a continuation of the previous policy . And while a casual viewer might feel that was a significantly newsworthy facet to the story , Scotland 's media uniformly appears to disagree .
It 's obviously concerning that so many Scottish police officers want to leave the service . However , readers may also feel that that statistic lacks context , and might be better seen in the perspective of how it compares to those in the rest of the UK .
And as luck would have it , we can help there too .
A study published by the Stevens Independent Commission in 2013 , which polled over 14,000 serving officers in England and Wales , found that :
So the story seems to be that after Westminster-imposed changes to their pension rights , against the wishes of the Scottish Government , 33 % of Scottish officers are thinking about quitting – but a whopping 56 % of their counterparts elsewhere in Britain are . Scotland 's police are still 70 % happier than those in England and Wales .
Yet half the media is n't mentioning the overwhelming main reason for Scottish police unhappiness – the UK government 's destructive interference – at all , the other half is skipping over it with a mumbled passing mention somewhere halfway down the article , and absolutely nobody is putting the news into a relevant context . ( Most of them being too busy with a months-long barrage of negative stories about the service . )
We can only speculate as to why . As ever , readers will make their own judgements .
Recent research carried out by a number of archaeologists , especially Linzi Simpson , Dr Stephen Harrison and Raghnall Ó Floinn , has uncovered substantial evidence for early Viking warrior burials in and around Dublin city . The majority of these burials have been dated to the 9th century AD , a period when Dublin was home to a large Viking longphort . A longphort is essentially a defended base used to raid the surrounding countryside , beside which Viking fleets could be moored . The name is derived from the Irish words for ship ( long ) and bank/embankment ( phort ) . The Dublin longphort was founded in AD 841 and it soon became the epicentre of Viking activity in Ireland . Large numbers of warriors passed through its gates in search of wealth and riches through force of arms . However , as the archaeological evidence now indicates , the only reward many received was a shallow grave . As pagan warriors , these casualties of the Irish campaigns were typically buried with militaristic grave goods , such as swords , spears , shields and daggers , for use in the afterlife . This marks them apart from contemporary Irish burials which respected Christian conventions and were carried out without grave goods .
Although the majority of burials were uncovered during the 18th and 19th centuries , a number of recent excavations have revealed further Viking remains . These ‘ modern ' burials , with the exception of two outliers at Kilmainham and Finglas , have all been identified along the Poddle valley , which is located in the southern part of the modern city centre , to the south of Dublin Castle . The Poddle was an important tributary of the river Liffey and it defined the southern and eastern sides of the Viking walled town . It has now been completely culverted ( covered over ) , but its outflow into the Liffey can still be seen just beside the Millennium footbridge ( just to the west in the south quay wall ) . Nearly all of the burials were of young men , who were interred with weapons , suggesting that they were the remains of warriors .
The first of these Viking burials was uncovered by Linzi Simpson at Ship Street Little in 2001 ( Simpson 2005 ) . It consisted of the truncated skeleton of a young male who was aged between 25 and 29 at death . He had been buried in shallow grave that also contained a pattern welded sword and number of small personal items ( rings and beads ) . Radiocarbon analysis indicated that he had died circa 665-865 AD ( 2 sigma ) . The same archaeologist was to uncover four more Viking burials at South Great Georges Street in 2003 ( behind the Long Hall pub ) ( ibid ) . These represented the remains of four young males aged between 17 and 29 , who had been interred with a variety of grave goods including knives , shield bosses , combs and decorated pins . The remains were situated around the edge of the original dubh linn or ‘ black pool ' , from which the present city got its name . Radiocarbon analysis indicated that three of the burials dated from circa AD 670-882 while the fourth was slightly later in date at circa AD 786-955 . Isotope analysis was also carried out on the burials and this suggested that two of the dead warriors came from Scandinavia , while the remaining two were probably from the Norse colonies in the Northern or Western Isles of Scotland .
A short distance to the west , at Golden Lane , Edmond O'Donovan indentified a further two Viking burials in 2005 ( O'Donovan 2008 ) . These were situated just outside an early medieval cemetery associated with the church of St. Michael le Pole , from which 268 skeletons were also recovered . Interestingly one of the Viking burials at Golden Lane was that of an elderly female , while the other consisted of young male ( c.20-30 years old ) . The female burial was accompanied by decorated bone buckle , while the male burial contained a spear-head , a knife , a belt buckle and two lead weights . The radiocarbon dates for these burials ranged between AD 688-870 , which is remarkably similar to those from Georges Street and Ship Street .
To these newly uncovered Viking burials along the Poddle valley can be added a much earlier discovery at Bride Street , which is just a short distance to the west of Golden Lane . This burial was unearthed beneath the street surface during drainage works carried out in 1860 . It was accompanied by a sword , a spear-head and a shield boss , suggesting it was the remains of an important warrior . In this instance the sword had been bent before burial in an act of ritual decommissioning , while the shield boss had also been damaged ( Harrison 2010 ) . Interestingly a Bronze Age halberd , which was also bent , was recovered during these Bride Street drainage works . This is the only recorded Irish halberd that is bent , which has led Dr Stephen Harrison to suggest that it may have originally formed part of Viking burial 's grave goods ( ibid , 146 ) . A case of an antiquarian Viking ?
Not far to the east of the Poddle valley burials another Viking cemetery was located in the Suffolk Street/College Green area . This area was referred to as Hoggen Green in the early literature , with Hoggen being derived from The Norse word ‘ haugr ' meaning burial mound . At least two of these mounds survived into the 17th century when they were demolished . One of the mounds is recorded as having a very elaborate cist burial . Further Viking graves were recorded at this location in the 19th century , with a number of grave goods being recovered including two swords , four spearheads and a shield fragment . Much further west in the Kilmainham and Islandbridge area another , exceptionally large cemetery was uncovered during railway building in the 19th century . It contained at least 35 individuals , who were primarily males of fighting age who had been interred with swords , shields and spears , as well as items associated with trade such as weights and balances . The recovery of such an extensive cemetery to the west of the present city has led some archaeologists and historians to suggest that there may have been a second longphort at this location , possibly where the Camac River meets the Liffey . To these large cemetery sites can be added a number of additional Viking burials that were recorded in the 18th and 19th centuries . These include a female skeleton from the Phoenix Park and probable warrior burials from Kildare Street , Cork Street , Parnell Square , Mountjoy Square , and slightly further afield at Donneybrook and Dollymount .
What is remarkable about these Viking burials is their sheer number . Dublin accounts for nearly half of the Viking burials with weapons identified in the British Isles , which is an extraordinary figure ( Harrison 2007 , 43 , Simpson 2010 , 63 ) . This number of dead young men must be a proportional reflection of the huge amounts of Viking adventurers coming to Ireland during this period , something which is complemented in the annals casualty-lists for numerous contemporary battles ( Simpson 2010 , 63 ) .
by Colm Moriarty
Related posts on Vikings
Bones of the Vikings when raiding goes wrong
New Viking houses in Dublin
Further reading
Harrison , S.H . 2010 Bride Street revisited-Viking burial in Dublin and beyond . In S. Duffy ( ed . ) Medieval Dublin X. Dublin , 126-152 Simpson , L. 2010 Pre-Viking and early Viking Age Dublin : some research questions . In S. Duffy ( ed . ) Medieval Dublin X. Dublin , 49-92 .
Simpson , L. 2005 Viking warrior burials in Dublin : Is this the Longphort ? In S. Duffy ( ed . ) Medieval Dublin VI . Dublin , 11-62 .
Simpson , L. 2010 Pre-Viking and early Viking Age Dublin : some research questions . In S. Duffy ( ed . ) Medieval Dublin X. Dublin , 49-92 .
O'Donovan , E. 2008 The Irish , the Vikings , and the English : new archaeological evidence from Excavations at golden Lane , Dublin . In S. Duffy ( ed . ) Medieval Dublin VIII . Dublin , 36-130 .
O'Brien , E. 1998 A reconsideration of the location and context of Viking burials at Kilmainham/Islandbridge , Dublin . In Manning ( ed . ) , Dublin beyond the Pale : Studies in honour of Paddy Healy . Wicklow , 35-44 .
O'Floinn , R. 1998 , The archaeology of Early Viking age in Ireland . In H. Clarke , M. Ni Mhaonaigh and R. O'Floinn ( eds ) , Ireland and Scandinavia in the Early Viking Age , Dublin 132-165 .
I 've recently been exploring Datomic more seriously and have found myself jumping through the same hoops as I have in the past just to get things up and running . I 've also encountered slight deficiencies in the documentation that I 've had to re-investigate since the exploratory project I created was deleted quite a while ago .
I 'm tired of retracing my same steps over and over again so I thought I 'd create a quick post with some of the basic steps to get setup and using Datomic in a Clojure application .
This is just going to cover the basics . Datomic does some crazy things I have n't had a chance to try yet , like using rules , querying the database at a particular instant in time , or getting a list of changes to an entity .
Installing Datomic
You do not need to install Datomic to get started , you can use the in-memory database .
Go here : https : //my.datomic.com/downloads/free and find the latest version .
Then add [ com.datomic/datomic-free `` < the-latest-version > '' ] to your Leiningen project .
Component Setup
This is pretty easy , but you should have something like this :
( ns my-project.components.datomic ( : require [ com.stuartsierra.component : as component ] [ datomic.api : as datomic ] ) ) ( defrecord DatomicComponent [ uri conn ] component/Lifecycle ( start [ this ] ( if ( : conn this ) this ( do ( assoc this : conn ( datomic/connect uri ) ) ) ) ) ( stop [ this ] ( assoc this : conn nil ) ) )
Schema
Schema should be ideally be kept in an EDN file and loaded on demand :
( def schema ( delay ( read-string ( slurp ( io/resource `` my_project/schema.edn '' ) ) ) ) ( defn create-schema [ conn ] ( datomic/transact conn @ schema ) )
Here is what your schema might look like :
; resources/my_project/schema.edn [ { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/db ] : db/ident : cake/name : db/valueType : db.type/string : db/cardinality : db.cardinality/one : db/fulltext true : db/doc `` The name of a cake '' : db.install/_attribute : db.part/db } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/db ] : db/ident : cake/owner : db/valueType : db.type/ref : db/cardinality : db.cardinality/one : db/doc `` The owner of a cake '' : db.install/_attribute : db.part/db } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/db ] : db/ident : user/email : db/unique : db.unique/value : db/valueType : db.type/string : db/cardinality : db.cardinality/one : db/doc `` Email address of a user '' : db.install/_attribute : db.part/db } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/db ] : db/ident : user/phone-numbers : db/valueType : db.type/string : db/cardinality : db.cardinality/many : db/doc `` Contact numbers for a user '' : db.install/_attribute : db.part/db } ]
Information on defining your schema and all the options available is documented here .
Seed Data
Like your schema , any seed data should be kept in a separate file :
( def seed-data ( delay ( read-string ( slurp ( io/resource `` my_project/seed.edn '' ) ) ) ) ( defn seed-db [ conn ] ( datomic/transact conn @ seed-data ) )
Here is what your seed data might look like :
; resources/my_project/seed.edn [ ; ; Users { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/user -1000001 ] : user/email `` sally @ test.com '' : user/password `` supersecret '' : user/phones [ `` 8469481047 '' , `` 9471038596 '' ] } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/user -1000002 ] : user/email `` bob @ test.com '' : user/password `` secret '' : user/phones [ `` 1234567890 '' , `` 0987654321 '' ] } ; ; Cakes { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/user ] : cake/owner # db/id [ : db.part/user -1000001 ] : cake/name `` Carrot '' } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/user ] : cake/owner # db/id [ : db.part/user -1000001 ] : cake/name `` Cheese '' } { : db/id # db/id [ : db.part/user ] : cake/owner # db/id [ : db.part/user -1000002 ] : cake/name `` Carrot '' } ]
The operations to be performed on an entity should be confined to it 's own namespace :
( ns my-project.users ( : require [ datomic.api : as datomic ] [ my-project.component.datomic ] ) ; Note the change from using a dash to an underscore ( : import [ my_project.component.datomic DatomicComponent ] ) ) ( defprotocol UserOps ( all [ this ] ) ( by-email [ this email ] ) ( save ! [ this user ] ) ( extend-type DatomicComponent UserOps ( all [ this ] ( datomic/q ' [ : find [ ( pull ? user [ * ] ) ... ] : where [ ? user : user/email ] ] ( datomic/db ( : conn this ) ) ) ) ( by-email [ this email ] ( datomic/q ' [ : find [ ( pull ? user [ * ] ) ] : in $ ? email : where [ ? user : user/email ? email ] ] ( datomic/db ( : conn this ) ) email ) ) ( save ! [ this user ] ( datomic/transact ( : conn this ) user )
The [ ( pull ? user [ * ] ) ... ] is an example of Datomic 's pull syntax . This basically says “ after all ? user s , bring in all of their attributes . Be careful when using the wildcard * as this will recursively pull any component attributes .
Traversing refs forwards and backwards
It 's possible to pull in refs by specifying them in the pull pattern . If you wanted cakes with their owners :
( datomic/q ' [ : find [ ( pull ? cake [ * { : cake/owner [ * ] } ] ) ... ] : where [ ? cake : cake/owner ] ] db )
If however you wanted the reverse , users and their cakes :
( datomic/q ' [ : find [ ( pull ? user [ * { : cake/_owner [ * ] } ] ) ... ] : where [ ? user : user/email ] ] db )
Recursive ( graph ) queries
This is one I have n't found a good real world use case for yet , but it is possible . Read the following if you 're looking at doing these kinds of queries :
http : //docs.datomic.com/query.html # rules
http : //hashrocket.com/blog/posts/using-datomic-as-a-graph-database
High up in the hills surrounding Kingston , Jamaica , rests a recording studio quite different to the ones you might be familiar with . For a start , it 's outside – the musicians performing on a converted balcony in a house that overlooks the city . For another , nobody 's exactly keeping an eye on the clock – musicians limber up as and when they feel the need to contribute , with the natural ebb and flow of the day absorbed into the vibe of the music .
It 's here – among the chirping crickets and occasional interruptions of wind and rain – that some of Jamaica 's biggest legends regrouped to record Soul of Jamaica , part of French label Chapter Two 's Inna De Yard project . The likes of the Viceroys , Ken Boothe and Cedric Myton of the Congos were all present to rework old classics with fresh , acoustic arrangements . And a new generation of talent – such as Var and Derajah – were brought on board to offer their vision of reggae 's future .
Luckily there was someone present to capture it all - director Bernard Benant ( “ A genius ” according to Ken Boothe ! ) and film editor Aurelie Cauchy . In this first instalment we get to see Kiddus I 'm performing Jah Power , Jah Glory and explaining the roots of the project . And we witness the Viceroys recording for the very first time with Ken Boothe . “ I do n't just sing for money , ” says Boothe . “ I have to sing for the love of music . ”
A full report on the Inna De Yard sessions from Kingston will be available to read on the Guardian in March – until then enjoy this video !
Both the FBI and the Securities and Exchange Commission are looking into Sen. Bob Corker 's ( R-TN ) personal finances , the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday .
The scrutiny reportedly stems from Corker 's stock transactions with CBL & Associates Properties Inc. , a leading developer of shopping centers and malls , from which he earned millions of dollars . Anonymous officials familiar with the investigation told the newspaper the probe is focused on alleged accounting fraud at CBL ; they said they they 've found no evidence Corker committed any wrongdoing .
As the newspaper reported last fall , Corker failed to report millions in assets and income on his annual financial disclosure forms since coming to the Senate in 2007 . He revised several years ' worth of disclosure reports after the WSJ inquired about the inconsistencies in his finances .
The senator 's spokeswoman , Micah Johnson , blamed a complaint filed with the SEC by advocacy group Campaign for Accountability for the feds looking into Corker 's finances .
“ A politically motivated special interest group that refuses to disclose its donors continues to make baseless charges against Senator Corker , and we know that any effort to examine his actions will result in their smear campaign being discredited , ” Johnson said in a statement provided to Politico .
Politico reported that Corker worked for a CBL contractor after college and has accepted campaign donations from senior executives at the company , to whom he has close ties .
Corker serves as the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a senior member of the Senate Banking Committee . He is rumored to be the short list for Donald Trump 's vice presidential pick , and met with the presumptive GOP nominee for an extended conversation on Monday .
Fighting in your home state is something that every fighter I 've interviewed hopes to achieve . If it 's in their hometown , or somewhere close to it , that 's even better . It tends to lend an almost magical quality and imbues the fighter with the 'hometown advantage ' , which is pretty much like having superpowers . At some point , I 'm going to have to do a study to find out exact percentages on how much of an effect the hometown advantage has on the outcome of a fight .
T.J. Waldburger will be fighting in Houston , TX on the UFC 166 card against super tough Adlan Amagov . It will mark his second Texas outing during his UFC tenure . He 's originally from Temple , TX and still calls it home , so for him , this fight has much more impact , because many of his family and friends will be able to make the trip out much easier .
I recently interviewed Waldburger , who discussed a variety of topics including what motivates him , rising up the ranks in a stacked division , and the reasons behind his 10 month layoff . Here 's what he had to say :
Benefits of Experience
I think with my UFC experience , fighting in the octagon has become just like fighting at the gym . Every day you go in there and you fight and you react and adapt to situations , and that 's how I feel in the octagon now ; it 's just an everyday thing .
Becoming a Father
I know that the risks that I take are for my son . I 'm willing to take more risks , if anything . -T.J. Waldburger
It really has n't changed me much at all , as far as the risks that I take . I know that the risks that I take are for my son . This job is rough and tough , and a lot of the time I 'm in the gym instead of being at home , hanging out with him , but that 's what I have to do to provide . I 'm willing to take more risks , if anything .
Motivation
I 'm a lot more motivated than I used to be . Before , it was kind of more of a selfish ambition . Nowadays , I 've grown to love the sport and supporting my family has become my motivation . I want to put on a good show for the fans , I just love the sport . I love the fact that I have a lot more to give ; I 'm still learning and maturing in the sport as a fighter . I 'm excited about the future because I feel like I have so much more . Being 25 with three years in the UFC , I 'm just getting started .
Submissions
I grab whatever presents itself . In MMA , a lot of times the triangle is there , a lot of the time that 'll be open for me . I like the triangle , I would say it 's my favorite , and it seems to present itself a lot in fights . I mean , the repetition of techniques I 've done over the year means my body will react in certain ways [ which helps ] . I feel like the triangle works well with my body type . Jiu-Jitsu is an art where you have to flow with the go , so you never want to force the submission . The triangle is a great submission ; you 're using all four limbs and you 're in a great position to strike . As far as MMA goes , I believe it 's the dominant submission .
MMA Jiu-Jitsu
The school I 've been at since I started the sport is mainly MMA Jiu-Jitsu oriented . It 's a more combative style of no-gi Jiu-Jitsu . We do gi Jiu-Jitsu as well , which is where my brown belt ranking comes from . Gi Jiu-Jitsu is completely different from no-gi Jiu-Jitsu , and no-gi Jiu-Jitsu is completely different from MMA Jiu-Jitsu . I would say my belt ranking is probably different in all of those sports . I 'm not going to tell my coach what I am , but because we work mainly MMA Jiu-Jitsu , I feel like I 'm a black belt in MMA Jiu-Jitsu .
Competition in the Welterweight Division
Oh man , I love it . I love it . The more competition , the better . I just love competition , it fuels me . To me it just makes me want to train harder and rise above these other guys . It 's not about who 's the best fighter , it 's about who fights the best . It takes mental conditioning and physical condition . It 's not all about talent , it 's about your mental strength and experience helps a lot .
10 Months Layoff
Injuries are kind of in and out all the time , there 's always something that 's going to happen , so you have to really pick and choose your fights wisely . If you go in there with something that 's pretty serious then you could be out for years rather than one year . I also had a loss in my family , my grandfather died and I had to deal with that .
I came back and was ready to get back on the horse and just suffered injury after injury , and my motivation was kind of gone because of that loss . It was a lot of things at once . I can deal with one or two things at a time , but it felt like my whole body was breaking down . I think it had a lot to do with my mental state at the time ; losing my grandfather had some play in there . I did n't feel right , you know ? So I went ahead and pulled out of the fight and healed up , and I feel much better now .
Trash Talking
Trash talkers put on a show , and some guys like , say , Chael Sonnen , are really nice guys but do it for show . It 's entertainment . Some people do it well , others are who they are . As far as I go , I 'm the same guy you hear on radio or see on TV as I am at home with my wife and kids .
Fighting in Texas
It 's awesome . I 'm so excited about it . I 'll be able to just drive for about 3 hours to make it to the hotel and everything . I 'll be able to bypass all the customs stuff and just drive there . It 's been three years since I 've fought in Texas , so I 'm excited to fight at home with my home town fans .
Getting Personal
Favorite Video Game Right Now ?
I 've been playing the God of War games , and I like playing zombies in Call of Duty , but when it 's fight time , I do n't play any games because it rules my world . I keep my Xbox and Playstation away from my house because my addictive personality ca n't handle it and I would never be in the gym , so I keep them at my parents and friends house .
Favorite Food ?
I love home country cooking , like chicken fried steak , barbeque , fajitas and Mexican food ... it goes on forever .
Morning Routine ?
I read scripture in the morning , get a feel for the day and share that on Twitter . Then I 'll get on the grind and fix my eggs and my cereal and get to work .
iPhone or Android ?
iPhone .
Favorite Movie ?
Tombstone .
You can follow T.J. via his Twitter account , @ TJWaldburger
The year was a memorable one – looking back at the unforgettable images over the past 12 months , you might think of apocalyptic-looking clouds over Manhattan during Hurricane Sandy , or Mitt Romney 's children mistakenly standing in a line spelling out the word “ MONEY ” , or even the winning US Powerball lottery ticket that became the most shared picture on Facebook . There 's only one problem . All these images are fake .
It would be fine if we could dismiss these images as a fleeting joke , an amusing but harmless tidbit shared among our friends and followers , if it were n't for the fact that our minds appear to have a curious but fundamental glitch . People tend to think of their memories as a transcript , a rough history of events from some early age until the very moment they are experiencing . But human memory is far more like a desert mirage than a transcript – as we recall the past we are really just making meaning out of the flickering patterns of sights , smells and sounds we think we remember .
For decades , researchers have been exploring just how unreliable our own memories are . Not only is memory fickle when we access it , but it 's also quite easily subverted and rewritten . Combine this susceptibility with modern image-editing software at our fingertips like Photoshop , and it 's a recipe for disaster . In a world where we can witness news and world events as they unfold , fake images surround us , and our minds accept these pictures as real , and remember them later . These fake memories do n't just distort how we see our past , they affect our current and future behaviour too – from what we eat , to how we protest and vote . The problem is there 's virtually nothing we can do to stop it .
Old memories seem to be the easiest to manipulate . In one study , subjects were showed images from their childhood . Along with real images , researchers snuck in doctored photographs of the subject taking a hot-air balloon ride with his or her family . After seeing those images , 50 % of subjects recalled some part of that hot air balloon ride – though the event was entirely made up .
In another experiment by Elizabeth Loftus , one of the pioneer researchers in the field of altered memories , researchers showed people advertising material for Disneyland that described one visitor shaking hands with Bugs Bunny . After reading the story , about a third of the participants said they remembered meeting or shaking hands with Bugs Bunny when they had visited Disneyland . But Bugs Bunny does n't live in Disneyland – he 's a Warner Brothers character . None of those people had ever met Bugs , but seeing images of him and reading the story made them remember something entirely fabricated .
Childhood memories may be the easiest to manipulate , but recent , adult memories are at risk too . In one experiment , researchers asked participants to take part in a gambling task alongside a partner . When they came back for the second part of the experiment , they were shown doctored footage of their partner cheating . Despite not actually having seen their partner cheat , 20 % of participants were willing to sign a witness statement saying that they had . Even after being told that the footage was doctored , participants sometimes recalled the cheating that never happened . “ They say things like ‘ I remember seeing it , I saw them taking too much money ' , ” says Kimberly Wade , a memory researcher from the University of Warwick , who carried out the study .
Political trickery
Of course , people are n't walking around doctoring false images of your childhood or your recent past , but you 've probably seen thousands of doctored photographs in your lifetime without you knowing it . From advertisements to political campaigns , altered and faked images surround us every day . Restaurants make their food look more appetising , magazines make their models skinnier and blemish free , colleges and politicians splice people into photographs to make their students and crowds look more diverse .
In political campaigns especially , faked images show up again and again . In one famous photograph that surfaced during the 2004 US election campaign , Senator John Kerry is sitting next to Jane Fonda , with the caption explaining that both Kerry and Fonda were at a Vietnam war protest . The New York Times cited the image , and many anti-Kerry blogs and sites displayed it prominently . The problem is , the photograph is a fake . John Kerry and Jane Fonda were never at any anti-war protest together – someone had combined two different photographs .
More recently , a photograph surfaced of Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's children , who each wore a shirt with one letter of their last name . The children mistakenly lined up spelling out “ MONEY ” , rather than “ ROMNEY ” . Or at least that 's what the picture will have you believe . In reality , the children lined up properly , spelling their own last name , and someone later simply switched the letters on the image .
But like a balloon ride or Bugs Bunny , these fake images can have very real effects on memory . In 2010 , the online magazine Slate ran an experiment showing readers a handful of political photographs . Some of them were of real events , while others were doctored . Readers were then asked whether or not they remembered those events happening . Nearly half of Slate 's readers claimed they remembered the fake political events happening . And that 's in an uncontrolled setting , where they could have easily cheated and looked up the answers . Many people are adamant that John Kerry and Jane Fonda protested together , simply because they saw that photograph .
Seeing these fake images goes even beyond altering our memory of events . It can actually change our behaviours too . One study convinced people that egg salad had made them sick in their childhood . Four months later those participants were less likely to want to eat egg salad , even though the memory that made them feel that way was entirely false .
Another study showed participants images of two different protests – some from the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square , others from 2003 anti-war protests in Rome . The researchers doctored some of the images to make the protests more crowded and violent than they really were . When asked about the events later , not only did the participants remember the protests being violent , but they also expressed more hesitance to attend a protest in the future . And when asked for comments about the events , people wrote about conflicts , damage to property and injuries from the police and participants that were never documented at the time of the event .
Whether or not these sorts of false images could radically change someone 's mind on political issues has yet to be proven , says Steven Frenda , a memory researcher from the University of California in Irvine , who has a forthcoming paper examining the results of the Slate survey . But he thinks “ yet ” is the operative word . `` I believe it probably is true , ” he says , “ but we do n't have the evidence to say that . '' Researchers are still pushing the limits of just how far they can go with doctored photographs , Frenda says , and they 're planning some experiments to assess whether long-held political beliefs can be swayed by faked imagery .
Why we 're fooled
Images are really good at fooling our memories for a number of reasons , Wade says . A big part of it is because people trust photographs . `` We still think of them as frozen moments in time , '' she says , even though most people know that photographs can be , and often are , doctored . In fact , people trust photographs so much that they actually place more weight on information that is accompanied with an image , regardless of how related or useful that image is . If you show participants a statement , and an image that provides no proof of that statement , they are far more likely to find that statement true than if it had no image alongside it .
And there are certain things that make a fake image more believable and more likely to be imprinted on our memories . People are more liable to be persuaded by false images that add weight to their beliefs . So those who were already opposed to John Kerry were quick to buy into the image of him and Jane Fonda protesting the war . Democrats are more likely to remember the Romney/Money mix-up . The Slate study found that Republicans were more likely to remember Barack Obama shaking hands with Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , while Democrats are more likely to remember that George Bush was on vacation with the baseball pitcher Roger Clemens during Hurricane Katrina , even though neither event really happened .
Another reason we 're duped so readily is that we 're really bad at telling fake photographs from real ones , says Hany Farid , an image doctoring expert from Dartmouth College in New Hampshire , United States . `` It turns out that while the brain and the visual cortex is very good at many things , like face recognition , it is really really bad at analysing lighting and reflections . '' When presented with doctored images , humans are remarkably inept at telling which ones are fake and which are real . And we 're bad in both directions , Farid says , judging fake images to be real , and real ones to be fake .
What 's worse is that even when we 're told the photographs we 've seen are wrong , it does n't seem to help . One of the first things that fades in our memory is where the information came from . Which is why you probably ca n't remember who first told you that joke that you tell all the time , says Wade . `` When we 're faced with doctored images , even if up front if we know they 're fake , over time we may remember the image but not remember knowing that it 's doctored . ”
Brain games
In the end , there 's not much anyone can really do to guard against being duped by these images , says Wade . Her lab has done studies in which subjects are told that they 're about to see both fake and real images . Even with the warning , people will still remember the fake photographs as real . `` Warnings do n't seem to have much of an effect , '' she says , `` that 's how powerful some of these fake photo manipulations can be . ''
Reverse image searching online can reveal fakes , but time can erase that extra context . And even with specialisation and technology , verifying an image can be nearly impossible . `` Proving that something is fake is possible , '' says Farid , `` but proving the image is authentic is virtually impossible . '' All experts like Farid can really say is whether or not they could find evidence of tampering .
The worry is that with images pouring in from citizen reporters from all parts of the globe , people will be confronted with more doctored images , not less . But as Farid points out , photographers have always been doctoring images in some way . They choose what to frame , what to photograph , what moment to capture and what to crop out . And some famous photographers have staged their photographs not in post-processing , but in real time . In one famous photograph from the Crimean War , bombs littered the road . But the photographer had moved them there , to make things look more dramatic . Many of Mathew Brady 's famous photographs of the American Civil War were staged , the photographer dragging bodies about to make things more gruesome . You could call these contrived , or perhaps even fake , but these images would have passed even the most rigorous of image doctoring tests .
Yet , the way we remember events has a lot to do with the photographs that go with them – from Dorothea Lange 's classic image of a mother during the Dust Bowl , to the single man standing up against tanks in Tiananmen Square . Many probably remember Romney 's Money gaff that was n't , or images from Hurricane Sandy that never happened , just as well as they remember real images . When asked in the future , they 'll recall those pictures , and they 'll swear they remember those things happening . `` That 's the most fascinating thing about memory , '' says Frenda , `` the way that it can be so flagrantly non-factual , but we have really high confidence in the accuracy of it . '' And it seems there 's nothing anybody can do about it .
If you would like to comment on this article or anything else you have seen on Future , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
European diplomats apparently play `` word bingo '' when President Donald Trump talks . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Foreign diplomats hold a less-than-flattering view of President Donald Trump , according to a BuzzFeed report published on Wednesday .
Top-ranking European officials , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told BuzzFeed that their chief concerns were Trump 's unpredictable Twitter use and his erratic behavior .
Among other things , they also described the president as `` something of a laughing stock '' at international gatherings . As one official described it to BuzzFeed , diplomats consider his vocabulary to be limited to so few words and phrases that they play a type of `` word bingo '' whenever he speaks .
`` Everything is 'great ' ; 'very , very great ' , 'amazing ' , '' one diplomat told BuzzFeed .
Trump 's distinctive speaking style has been widely imitated , most notably by actor Alec Baldwin , who often parodies the president on NBC 's `` Saturday Night Live . ''
While mimicking Trump , Baldwin often incorporates words the president favors into his routines , like `` tremendous , '' `` amazing , '' and `` incredible . ''
The diplomats ' views of Trump reflect the opinions of European citizens , 79 % of whom said in a Pew Research Center poll released in June that they have `` no confidence '' in the new US president .
Donald Trump and Barack Obama meet in the Oval Office in November . Win McNamee/Getty Images European diplomats also told BuzzFeed that they think Trump 's foreign policy doctrine is driven primarily `` an obsession '' with undoing former President Barack Obama 's initiatives .
`` It 's his only real position , '' one official said . `` He will ask : 'Did Obama approve this ? ' And if the answer is affirmative , he will say : 'We do n't . ' ''
The official added : `` He wo n't even want to listen to the arguments or have a debate . He is obsessed with Obama . ''
Trump frequently attacked Obama even before he ran for president , but his criticisms of his predecessor significantly ramped up during the 2016 election , when Obama supported Trump 's opponent , Democrat Hillary Clinton .
Though Trump briefly paid Obama respect when the two met during the transition period , he quickly reverted back to criticizing the former president after taking office , taking aim at key cornerstones of Obama 's legacy like the Affordable Care Act and the landmark Paris climate agreement .
Trump has also levied personal attacks on Obama , most notably in March , when he accused Obama of ordering the wiretap of phones in Trump Tower , a claim experts immediately dismissed .
Twitter is set to start trading its shares on the New York Stock Exchange later this week . This morning it filed an amended S-1 document revealing that IBM has accused Twitter of infringing at least three of its patents : US Patent No . 6,957,224 , `` efficient retrieval of uniform resource locators , '' No . 7,072,849 , `` Method for presenting advertising in an interactive service , '' and No . 7,099,862 , `` programmatic discovery of common contacts . ''
The '849 patent in particular took a strikingly long time to issue . This patent on a way of presenting ads was filed in 1993 , has a `` priority date '' of 1988 , and was n't granted until 2006 .
At this point , the threats take the form of a letter , not a lawsuit . The letter is `` inviting us to negotiate a business resolution of the allegations , '' reports Twitter , which adds that it believes it has `` meritorious defenses '' to IBM 's patents .
IBM has become legendary for turning its patents into a massive licensing machine that at one point was pulling in $ 2 billion annually . It 's been unafraid to use patents it gained in pre-Internet research as a tool to browbeat Internet companies ; witness the lawsuit IBM filed against Amazon in 2006 , which settled the following year .
Twitter has pledged to use its patents only for defensive purposes . The company recently revealed that it has a small stable of just nine granted patents , which pales in comparison to the thousands held by Big Blue . Still , Twitter is a company that paired fundamentally simple inventions with good design and great timing . So going after one of the most wide-reaching and popular Web 2.0 services could produce more than a little negative publicity .
NEW DELHI –– Four men convicted of a gang rape that shocked India and attracted worldwide attention will be executed .
India 's Supreme Court on Friday upheld a lower court 's decision to sentence the men to death .
The judgment met with applause in the courtroom , according to CNN affiliate News18 .
“ We are very happy that ( the ) Supreme Court has heard our voice , and that they understood Nirbhaya 's pain in this matter , and that along with Nirbhaya the whole country has found justice , ” the victim 's father , Badrinath Singh , told reporters outside the court , using a nickname for his daughter that means “ fearless one . ”
“ We need to work so that the type of crime that happened to Nirbhaya will not happen again , ” Asha Singh , the victim 's mother , said at a press briefing .
“ This fight is not ours alone . This is every man 's fight . This is everyone 's fight . This is every woman 's fight . ”
Vinay Sharma , Akshay Thakur , Pawan Gupta and Mukesh Singh were originally sentenced in September 2013 , but they appealed the decision in the country 's top court .
Another perpetrator was underage at the time and received a lesser sentence , while a sixth attacker died in prison .
The case led to protests across India and intense media coverage around the world , shining a light on India 's pervasive problem of sexual violence against women .
Executions are rare in India . While hundreds of people were sentenced to death last year , only three executions have been carried out since 2007 , according to Amnesty International .
Horrific crime
On the evening of December 16 , 2012 , Jyoti Singh Pandey , a physiotherapy student in Delhi , was leaving a movie theater after watching “ The Life of Pi ” with a male friend .
It was late when they left the theater , so the pair got on a private bus to go to their suburban homes . That was when their nightmare started .
According to police , the bus driver and at least five other men were drunk and looking for a “ joy ride . ”
Police said the men took turns raping the woman , using an iron rod to violate her as the bus drove around the city for almost an hour . Her male companion was beaten as he tried to fight them off . When they had finished , the men dumped their two victims by the side of the road .
Following the ordeal , the woman 's injuries were so severe some internal organs had to be removed . She died two weeks later at a hospital in Singapore .
“ I want them burned alive , ” the dying victim told her mother and a visiting magistrate who was recording her statement at the hospital .
Fight for justice
In the days following the rape , police arrested and jailed six men . Thousands of Indians marched in protest at the crime across the nation 's capital and in cities around the country .
The outrage pushed India 's government to set up the Justice Verma Committee to come up with legal solutions to reduce sexual violence . It also passed laws setting stricter penalties for these types of crime and set up a fund in honor of the victim .
But justice has not been a straight and easy path .
India today
Though the case sparked widespread calls for reform in India , according to government records , there was an increase of 50 % in the number of reported rapes in the past five years , to 34,000 in 2015 .
Experts said the increase was likely caused by a broadening of the definition of what constitutes rape , and more openness about reporting attacks . However , many warn the figures are still likely an underestimation .
The Delhi gang rape case was an outlier in that the victim did not know the perpetrators . Of reported rapes , according to official statistics , 95 % were committed by someone known to the victim .
Activists and policymakers have expressed frustration at the lack of progress , saying there is no political will to move forward on the issue .
“ There has n't been the push needed to implement these laws at the state level , ” Aruna Kashyap , a lawyer with Human Rights Watch , told CNN in January .
“ The overall response to women 's safety is rooted in protectionism — keep them at home , keep them safe — rather than create spaces that are safe and equal . ”
Dear Oprah : Some thoughts on your credibility .
( Image : Shutterstock ) Now that we 're halfway through the university semester , I 'm finding myself inundated with a lot of marking . Sometimes , I try to tackle this work at home , but being the skilled procrastinator that I am , this will inadvertently lead me into the land of daytime television . It was here the other day that I caught a few minutes of Oprah , and noted that in that short timeframe , I found my reaction changing from a sort of admiration to a feeling best described as a prolonged wince .
The reason for this abrupt change of heart was essentially the appearance of Jenny McCarthy in what looked like a correspondence role - she of the celebrity ilk , noteworthy for being a very powerful advocate of some very shaky medical advice . I wo n't go into too much detail here about her travails , since they 've been covered extensively here at Boingboing and elsewhere in the media , but suffice to say , both the medical and scientific communities overwhelmingly take issue with her claims regarding linkage between the MMR vaccine and Autism . Indeed , her opinion has not changed , despite recent studies that showed that much of the data in the Wakefield paper ( the scientific article that laid the media groundwork for this linkage ) was actually fraudulent in nature .
Anyway , this is interesting to me . Ms. Winfrey by all accounts seems to have her heart in the right place , and as a person of considerable media clout , you would think that she ( or at least her team ) would have carefully thought through the ramifications of associating with such a notorious individual .
Except that when you look a bit deeper , you find other instances where her brand chooses to ignore a very simple and sensible idea : that `` claims , '' especially claims that operate best under scientific ways of knowing , should only be supported when there is robust evidence to back them up .
An obvious example of this is her recommendation of The Secret . This is a book written by Rhonda Byrnes and which appears to be a very elaborate and ( if I can be cynical here ) lucrative interpretation of the placebo effect . Specifically , the author claims that an individual can `` change their electromagnetic frequency , '' so as to change outcomes in their life . Such language is striking because if you were to ask an expert who knows a thing or two about electromagnetic radiation - say a physicist - you would learn that this phrase is entirely nonsensical . More importantly , you could even ask physicists of different moral leanings , political sensibilities , and/or cultural backgrounds , and you would still get the same answer - because the evidence that refutes her claims stands on its own objective merits . We could go on with other examples of Ms. Winfrey 's fondness of pseudoscientific trends - from the establishment of Dr. Oz , to providing the center stage to individuals like Susanne Sommers and Christiane Northrup - but I think you get the point . Let me also be clear : I do think there is some value to these things if individuals truly feel that they are benefiting from them . However , what 's worrying to me is when lines regarding safety are being crossed .
All to say that for me , there 's a bit of irony here , because before seeing Ms. McCarthy on her show , one of things I applauded Oprah Winfrey for was her work in South Africa , particularly her involvement on the HIV/AIDS front . As many already know , this is a country that continues to be devastated by the effects of this disease . According to the latest UNAIDS statistics ( based on 2009 data ) , South Africa currently has the highest infection numbers , estimated at 5.6 million of its population . This includes a startling 17.8 % prevalence in individuals aged between 15 and 49 . It 's also no secret that a significant part of this deadly reality is due to poor government policy , whereby from 1999 to 2008 , the former President Thabo Mebki and his health minister , Manto Tshabalala-Msimang were willing advocates of a variety of pseudoscientific claims made by AIDS denialists . Many of these deterred the provision of life-saving antiretroviral medicines : most infamously , Manto herself promoted the use of `` beetroot and garlic consumption '' as an effective treatment regime . This narrative is strikingly similar to those that allude to Ms. McCarthy or The Secret . The difference , of course , is that with HIV/AIDS in South Africa , Ms. Winfrey chose to side with reason , data , and good evidence .
More to the point : having both Ms. McCarthy and the South African HIV/AIDS issue being so prominent under a single brand is an odd dichotomy that begs us to wonder what to make of it . It is , quite simply , a mixed message . At best , it is confusing in a world where the glut of information is already a burden . And more seriously , it is an insult to the good people who have worked so hard on HIV/AIDS education , treatment , and research . But at its worst , it is an affront to all those who have been victims of the propagation of such dangerous claims , whether it is the people of South Africa or the millions of viewers that follow Ms. Winfrey 's every suggestion , every recommendation , and every action .
As some readers may have guessed , a number of my recent blog posts have in effect been notes on the way toward my paper and presentation here . I have gotten somewhat obsessed with the question of whether a Greek-style crisis is possible for a country like the United States , and with the amazing way that the conviction that it is has taken root among policy elites without , as far as I can tell , any attempt to explain the actual mechanism .
And by the way : yes , a decade ago I expressed similar worries . But when I learn new things , I change my views . What do you do ?
So let me add another piece , partly as a way to make sure that I do n't forget about it in my own writing , and let 's talk about contemporary Japan .
First of all , compare and contrast . Here , again , is Erskine Bowles warning , in March 2011 , that terrible things will happen if China stops buying our bonds :
[ T ] his is a problem we 're going to have to face up to . It may be two years , you know , maybe a little less , maybe a little more . But if our bankers over there in Asia begin to believe that we 're not going to be solid on our debt , that we 're not going to be able to meet our obligations , just stop and think for a minute what happens if they just stop buying our debt .
But just a few months earlier Japan was also worried about Chinese purchases of their debt — worried not that China would stop buying , but about the effects of China starting to buy :
Japan 's government said it will seek discussions with China over the nation 's record purchases of Japanese bonds as an appreciating yen threatens to undermine an economic recovery . Japan is closely watching the transactions and will seek to maintain close contact with Chinese authorities on the issue , Vice Finance Minister Naoki Minezaki told lawmakers in Tokyo . Finance Minister Yoshihiko Noda suggested at the same hearing that it 's inappropriate for China to buy Japan 's bonds without a reciprocal ability for Japanese to invest in China 's market .
Funny : Japan did n't seem to think that China was doing it a favor by buying its debt , even though Japan has a much higher debt ratio than we do . And for these purposes , Japan looks a lot like us : it 's an advanced nation that borrows in its own currency and finds monetary policy constrained by the zero lower bound .
It 's instructive here to look at Japan 's real effective exchange rate since the beginning of the economic crisis :
Photo
You can see why Japan was complaining about the high value of the yen . What was causing that ? Not so many Chinese purchases , I 'd argue , as ingrained deflation . Once the whole advanced world found itself with zero nominal interest rates , Japan — where people had come to expect deflation at around 1 percent a year , compared with expectations of around 2 percent inflation in the US and elsewhere — was offering higher real interest rates than its counterparts . The result was a strong yen , which was exactly what a liquidity-trap economy did n't need .
As you can see , however , more recently the yen has declined steeply . What 's that about ? The answer is , Abenomics , which has successfully , at least for now , convinced investors that the Bank of Japan has changed its spots and will keep the pedal to the metal for a long time even after moderate inflation sets in .
And think about it : what Abenomics is trying to do , although it 's not stated that way , is reduced investor confidence in Japanese bonds — it 's trying to convince buyers of JGBs that the value of those bonds will in fact be eroded by inflation , not swelled by deflation . So far , it has succeeded .
So has this loss of confidence led to rising Japanese interest rates and a recession ? Well , no :
Photo
So Japan has , in effect , engineered the very kind of loss in confidence that politicians in the US and the UK warn , in dire terms , will be our doom unless we cut social programs . And it has been an unambiguous good thing for the Japanese economy .
Now , I 'm sure many people will argue that a Chinese loss of confidence in America would play out very differently . But why , exactly ? Show me the model — and do n't tell me that it must be true because those great experts in open-economy macroeconomics Erskine Bowles or Admiral Mullen say so .
Bernie Sanders told NBC News ' Chuck Todd on Monday that Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is enticing supporters to commit acts of violence by offering to pay their legal fees .
“ It 's more than a permission slip . It 's an enticement , ” Sanders said in a town hall airing on MSNBC . “ It 's saying , ‘ You can beat up people . That 's what this campaign is about , and do n't worry about it . I 'll pay the legal fees . It 's a good thing to do . ' ”
Trump said he is looking into paying the legal fees of a supporter who was arrested last week after punching a protester at a North Carolina rally . Trump said on NBC 's “ Meet The Press ” on Sunday that the man “ got carried away ” but “ maybe does n't like seeing what 's happening to the country . ”
view photo essay Standing up against Donald Trump At Trump rallies , people of all ages and creeds , even some outside the continent , have continued to make their voices heard .
Trump has been blaming protesters who disrupt his campaign events for the skirmishes , calling them “ thugs ” and “ bad ” people . He has also said they were Sanders ' supporters .
Sanders denied having any connection to protesters , saying Monday that his campaign did not direct the activists who demonstrated at Trump 's rallies .
Sanders also called Trump a “ pathological liar ” adding that it 's “ very difficult dealing with some guy who lies all the time . ”
Trump 's overall rating by PolitiFact is that 77 percent of his statements are either mostly false or completely false .
Sanders participated in the town hall one day before Ohio 's primary election . Ohio is one of five states to vote in pivotal contests Tuesday taking place in North Carolina , Illinois , Florida , Missouri and the Buckeye State .
Close video Sanders hits Clinton on trade record Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders hits Hillary Clinton 's record on trade and if America has a moral obligation to lift up poor people around the world , not just the United States . share tweet email save Embed
Sanders , who won neighboring Michigan last week , criticized Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton for supporting “ virtually all of these trade agreements , which have turned out to be an unmitigated disaster for working class people in this country . ”
When asked how soon he would get rid of coal in a state that is one of the top coal mining states in the country , Sanders said , “ as soon as we can , ” adding that a focus must be placed on renewable energy .
The Vermont senator , who has obtained 572 delegates to Clinton 's 1,198 delegates , said that if he wins the nomination he would alter the primary election system to diminish the role of superdelegates . The delegate race between Sanders and Clinton is much closer without superdelegates : 549 to 766 , according to NBC News ' count .
Close video Why Sanders decided to run as a Democrat A voter asks presidential candidate Bernie Sanders why he decided to run as a Democrat instead of an Independent . share tweet email save Embed
Continuously tapping into campaign finance , a central issue in his campaign , Sanders said he would “ try to move toward public funding of elections . ”
He said he wants political candidates on both sides of the aisle to “ not have to beg wealthy people for campaign contributions . ”
“ I think anyone who objectively looks at politics in America understand that a handful of billionaire families have inordinate power over our political life , as well as our economic , ” he said .
Sanders also insisted that his campaign is part of a movement , but acknowledged that turnout in most states has not broken records .
“ When you talk about that , you 're comparing us to 2008 and Barack Obama , all right ? Barack Obama ran a campaign that was unbelievable . It was one of the great campaigns in American history , ” he said . “ If you only wan na compare us to 2008 , which was the exception , OK But in fact , the turnouts have been extraordinary in this campaign , and I 'm proud of them . ”
This article originally appeared on NBCNews.com .
CHICAGO ( STMW ) — One person was killed and at least 35 others were wounded in weekend shootings across the city .
The fatal shooting happened Saturday morning in the Humboldt Park neighborhood on the West Side .
Ronnie Amos , 42 , was found shot in the 3600 block of West Chicago Avenue at 8:54 a.m. , authorities said . He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 9:26 a.m. , according to the Cook County medical examiner 's office .
Most recently , two nonfatal shootings happened within minutes of each other early Monday in the Lakeview and Pullman neighborhoods .
About 2 a.m. , a 21-year-old man was standing on a sidewalk in the 3100 block of North Sheffield Avenue when he heard shots , felt pain , and realized he had been shot in the lower left forearm , police said . The man , a documented gang member , was taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center in “ stable ” condition , police said .
At 1:58 a.m. , a 40-year-old man was standing on a sidewalk in the 10600 block of South Champlain Avenue when he was shot in the lower left leg , police said . He drove himeself to Advocate Trinity Hospital , where he was listed in “ stable ” condition .
Three people were shot about 10 p.m. Sunday in the 4300 block of North Drake Avenue in the Irving Park neighborhood , police said . The group was standing on a sidewalk when a gunman walked up and opened fire , striking a 25-year-old man in the right leg and a 22-year-old man in the right arm , police said . They were taken in “ stable ” condition to Advocate Illinois Masonic , police said . A third man , 29 , was shot in the left hand and left the scene without seeking treatment .
About 9:45 p.m. , a 33-year-old man was shot while walking on the sidewalk in the 2500 block of West Huron Street in the West Town neighborhood . He was shot in the upper left chest and was taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County in critical condition , police said .
Almost four hours earlier , two women , ages 21 and 47 , were shot near Montrose Beach in the Uptown neighborhood on the North Side . The shooting happened just after 6 p.m. near the 4500 block of North Simonds Drive . The 21-year-old was shot in her left shoulder , and the 47-year-old was shot in her arm and back . Both were taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic in serious condition .
At least 27 other people have been shot across Chicago since Friday evening .
( Source : Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2014 . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )
Find Your Top Veteran Care Options
At TopVeteranCare.com , we know that veterans both need and deserve special care . With TopVeteranCare.com , you will get the top veteran care options brought to you in just seconds along with information to help you make the best decision .
Finding the right veteran care is an important decision . Do n't miss out on the top veteran care options for you . If you are looking for veteran care in your area to help with overall health , an injury , or even long term support for a disability , our site can bring you the results you want in any part of the country . We bring you outpatient clinics , hospitals , medical centers , and even long-term healthcare facilities that all specialize in veteran care . Searching on our site means you find the top veteran care results for you right away and with confidence .
With TopVeteranCare.com , you see pricing , reviews , and photos to help you make your decision . This lets you make an informed choice quickly and confidently . Know that you are making the right decision and pick from the options our veteran care search experts find for you . It only takes a few moments to get the care you need . Use our expertise to sign up for the veteran care you want right away !
“ It is not impermanence that makes us suffer . What makes us suffer is wanting things to be permanent when they are not. ” ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
I 've come to the opinion that our culture is obsessed with owning as opposed to renting . Maybe because Thom and I have a background in real estate , or because we do our best to spend time away from our home every summer when it gets really hot—a reoccurring question we 're asked is , “ So when are you going to buy a vacation place ? ” To be clear , we 're not against owning property—we just prefer to rent our temporary homes instead . But it 's easy to tell that many people do n't understand that we 're perfectly happy renting and have no desire to own regardless of how much we like the properties or enjoy the location . And that got me thinking that perhaps our culture has gotten a bit too attached to owning things and forgotten the fundamental fact that everything in life is impermanent—and ultimately every thing is just a temporary right-to-use or leasehold estate .
Let 's begin by recognizing that ownership , especially home-ownership as we know it , has only been around for a relatively short period of time in the course of human history . As hunter-gatherer societies , and like most indigenous cultures that remain in the world today , it was believed that all living beings shared the land and everything upon it . Native Americans were actually shocked to discover that Europeans could “ own ” something that they considered a living being unto itself . Unfortunately , that belief made it very easy for those peoples to be manipulated and controlled .
Clearly , those from Europe and more industrialized and overcrowded parts of the world had discovered that whoever owned the land , controlled the land , and strongly influenced anyone who lived there . So , whether you were technically a slave or not , few were completely free when it came to land . However , in the U.S. for the first 100 to 150 years there was so much land available that most people ( at least Anglo people ) felt fairly grounded and content on a plot of property . With land came the responsibility and opportunity to farm , grow your own food and create a future for yourself and your family—and that led to many individuals feeling they owned their land .
Then gradually as more and more people moved to the city , farming became more industrialized and populations grew . Slowly the connections between wealth , power and land ownership grew more firmly entrenched in our culture . In an effort to develop and support a strong and healthy middle class in the U.S. , the idea of home ownership was promoted and flourished during the mid-1900s and beyond . Individual farms were replaced by the suburbs . It worked precisely because people longed for a sense of “ place ” and the relative security that a home for a lifetime provided .
Naturally , after the mid-1900s people started learning from the rich and powerful that homes and property could be more than individual security and shelter . In a relatively short period of time , homes became an investment toward prosperity . Rather than live in a home for a lifetime , people started seeing homes as investments and mini ATMs . Meanwhile , banks and other investors recognized the money trough and began easing the rules for credit and promoting the idea of get-rich-quick with real estate—and soon everyone jumped on board . Surely I do n't need to tell you what happened then .
With all that said there is still another element of home ownership that is seldom realized—and that is that most people do n't actually OWN their home in the first place . The bank does ! Even if you managed to escape the recent home mortgage crisis with a low loan-to-value mortgage—if you have any loan ( or common area rules or associations ) against your home , you do n't really own it—you have partners . You may have privileges that extend beyond a leasehold , but it does n't fully belong to you . And if you are paying more in your mortgage than what you could rent the property for—then you are going backwards—plain and simple . And never forget that the government is also your partner in every property ownership , because there are rules and conditions about what you can do on and with your property—and sometimes the government can even take it away from you .
But when it 's all said and done that still does n't address the impermanence of ownership in the big picture . Clearly the Native American 's ( and those ancient others ) had the right idea . We never really own anything that 's alive . We might control them , or break them or even kill them—but we never own their aliveness—be it a person , an animal or a planet . Whatever essence that animates a living being is something that ca n't be owned .
Plus , beyond that is the awareness that all life is in constant flux . Everything , I mean everything changes . Anything we own today will eventually belong to someone else . Our bodies will change , our minds will change , and our relationships will change . Everything in form will be different than it is today . History is filled with dynasties and empires that have crumbled—so why should your real estate holdings ( or lack thereof ) be any different ?
The best news of all in this is that it is n't cause for sadness and despair . Quite the contrary . Instead we have reason to rejoice in the now ! The only thing we can hold on to is actually what is right in front of us , right where we are , right now . The property you are sitting in doing whatever you are doing is yours—now ! The relationship you have ( good or bad ) is yours—now ! The stuff you have accumulated is yours—now ! All right now . That 's it . That 's all you really own in consciousness . So instead of worrying about what investments you should have made in the past , what you hope to accomplish or own in the future , perhaps the shear appreciation of now will make you the richest property owner possible .
So when Thom and I travel to Baja for a month and rent a condo on the beach , we are more than happy to just lease the time and experience of the place temporarily . We do n't have to worry about what will happen when we leave , we can leave repairs and maintenance to the landlord and the complex , we can forget the illusion of “ equity , ” we can walk away from a couple of the neighbors who have been less than welcoming , and we can move on to the next adventure . Sometimes consciously renting something can be the most rewarding ( and wealthy ) thing possible .
Is there ever a good time to own ? Of course . Not only can a home provide a wonderful sense of place to a person , it can also provide a wonderful experience of connection , plus the feeling of security and individual expression . But as I 've written about before , everything is a trade-off so every single thing you own—to an extent—owns you . That means you must not only pay for it , but maintain it as well . Whatever we claim in ownership becomes our responsibility and takes our time , resources and energy . So if a property does n't fit consciously into our big picture or one 's life or intentions , then it is probably SMART to just rent it .
Lastly , from a simple living or minimalist perspective we need to stay conscious of a desire to purchase and own things when we do n't really need them to begin with—that includes property or stuff in general . After all , most of the time when we want to buy something ( anything ) we are looking for a feeling that we think the purchase will bring us . A home to live in is particularly susceptible to this attraction . How many people end up buying a home or vacation property to feel proud and successful , only to have to slave at a job they hate just to pay for it and never even get to enjoy it ? First identify the feeling—and then decide if there is a way to get that same feeling in a way that is more sustainable to your lifestyle . Always remember that everything you own , owns you to a certain extent . Sometimes renting is all we need .
A leasehold is a real estate term that suggests that you have a temporary right-to-use a piece of property . Remember—no matter how long or healthy we might live—none of us will get out of here alive . Regardless of what you believe comes after this lifetime or plane of existence—the leasehold of your life , this life , must be forfeited to embrace the next . If we celebrate what we hold right now in this moment , it makes sense that it does n't really matter if we rent or own .
There 's currently a competition running over on CGHub , a big community of artists who ( mostly ) work in the entertainment industry . It 's to design a new Mass Effect character . Some of the entries are impressive , some especially so , but there are others which will absolutely blow your socks off .
The rules are simple : `` create a character that would fit into the Mass Effect universe . He or She could either be from an existing/established race from the game 's universe or an undiscovered race . ''
What follows are some characters so detailed and interesting that it 's a damn shame they 're not actually the stars of an upcoming Mass Effect game , especially those with a backstory , like the mind-blowing Varro Krios up top there , the grandson of Thane and the first non-human to join the N7 program .
In addition to the Mass Effect competition , there 's also one being run to design a new Dragon Age character . I 'll run some of the best of those next week .
Advertisement
You can see some of the best entries below , but you can check out the full selection - including very hi-res versions of the art ( too big for this site to handle ) - here .
Advertisement
By threedsquid , aka Marthin Agusta
Advertisement
By amdetweet
Advertisement
By Baolong Zhang
Advertisement
By Berto Souza
Advertisement
By re1mon , aka Gerardo Justel
Advertisement
By bs999 , aka Dae Eung Lee
Advertisement
By changiz , aka Christopher Parnian
Advertisement
By gahpe , aka Gabriel Pereira
Advertisement
By guedin , aka Nicolas Garilhe
Advertisement
By iime , aka Iouri Rybalka
Advertisement
By mandoo
Advertisement
By Max Loegler
Advertisement
By monkibase , aka Oleg Memukhin
Advertisement
By mosena , aka Eduardo Mosena
Advertisement
By nikitany , aka Nikita Volobuev
( CNN ) `` Star Trek '' actor George Takei blasted Donald Trump Thursday , calling him `` uninformed '' and warning against the President-elect 's campaign promises to build a database of Muslims in America .
Takei referenced his own family 's experience of being placed on a registry , and later held for four years in a Japanese prison camp during World War II .
Takei told CNN 's Carol Costello that he struggled after the election results .
`` For a good number of days , I could not see things with an even balance '' he said .
`` And then it 's getting to be even more worrisome . The kind of people he 's appointing to major Cabinet positions , Jeff Sessions , to head the Department of Justice , when he has a history of racism and he was denied a judgeship because of that history ? '' he added .
Takei said he was particularly disturbed by Trump 's campaign promise to build a database of Muslims living in the United States . He 's concerned it could lead to the same thing that happened to his family after they were placed on a registry of Japanese Americans and forced to live in a prison camp .
`` My mother was born in Sacramento . My father was from San Francisco . They met and married in Los Angeles . We were born there . Yes , my grandparents came from Japan but they were hardworking immigrants who wanted to be American citizens '' he explained .
Yet , in 1942 , after President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an executive order following the attack on Pearl Harbor , Takei and his family were sent to Rohwer prison camp in Arkansas .
`` We were characterized as the enemy simply because we happened to look like the people that bombed Pearl Harbor , '' an emotional Takei said .
`` We are three generations here in this country , yet overnight , we became the enemy , '' he added .
Though Takei was only a small child when his family was placed on the registry , his recollection of what happened next is crystal clear .
`` After that registry , they came down with the curfew . We were confined to our homes from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. in the morning , imprisoned in our homes at night . Then they froze our bank accounts . We were economically paralyzed . Then the soldiers came , '' he told Costello
`` I remember that morning , '' said Takei , who was just 5-years-old at the time .
`` I remember the two soldiers walking up our driveway , marching up our driveway , shiny bayonets on the rifle , stopping at the front porch and with their fists started banging on the front door and that sound resonated throughout the house . ''
Now , 75 years after the attack on Pearl Harbor , Takei said the man who will become America 's 45th president should learn from the past .
`` It is an echo of what we heard from World War II coming from Trump himself . That sweeping statement characterizing all Muslims . There are more than a billion Muslims in this world . To infer they are all terrorists with that kind of sweeping statement is outrageous , in the same way that they characterized all Japanese Americans as enemy aliens , '' he said .
On Monday , Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Li Baodong said that the positions of Beijing and Moscow coincide on the Syrian issue . Speaking to Sputnik , Chinese and Russian analysts confirmed that recent events have demonstrated that the two countries are quickly building a sustainable strategic partnership in their response to the Syrian crisis .
© AP Photo / CHRISTIAN BRUNA China , Russia Have Same Views on Syria , Afghanistan - Foreign Minister
Speaking at a briefing in Beijing , Li said that `` China and Russia hold the same position on the most important international and regional issues , '' including the conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan .
`` The two countries , being permanent members of the UN Security Council , continue to cooperate closely on international and regional issues , '' Li added , noting that President Xi Jinping looks forward to meeting with President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the upcoming BRICS summit in Goa later this week to discuss the most pressing issues of regional and international politics .
Li 's words on Russian-Chinese cooperation in Syria were confirmed in practice on Saturday , when China voted in favor of a Russian draft resolution aimed at resolving the Syrian crisis at the UN Security Council . China justified its vote by explaining that the Russian proposal would be the surest way to ensure a cessation of hostilities , humanitarian access , and a more effective joint fight against terror . Chinese UN envoy Liu Jieyi expressed regret that the Russian proposal was not adopted after being blocked by the US and its allies .
China earlier abstained from a French resolution , which Russia ultimately vetoed , on creating a no fly zone over the city of Aleppo , suggesting that the draft did not `` reflect the full respect for the sovereignty , independence , unification and territorial integrity of Syria . ''
Asked to comment on Saturday 's diplomatic drama at the UN , Peking University director of the Institute of International Relations Jia Lieying told Sputnik that in fact , Russia and China have always held a consistent position on Syria at the diplomatic level .
`` China and Russia always took similar positions in prior UN Security Council votes on the Syrian issue , '' Jia stressed . `` What we are seeing now is just a continuation of this trend of asserting a unified position . ''
That unity , the analyst noted , stems from the fact that Moscow and Beijing are `` unanimous in their opposition to the violent overthrow of political power in any country , '' with the two countries `` working together to ensure that internal problems are resolved '' without foreign interference , including `` under the pretext of 'human rights . ' ''
For their part , Russian analysts believe that China has actually been consciously strengthening its role on the Syrian issue in recent years . Political scientist and Asia specialist Stanislav Tarasov suggested that a 'synergy of efforts and interests ' is forming between the two powers in the region .
`` There is no question that there is correlation , coherence and coordination between Russia and China on the Syrian issue , '' the analyst emphasized . `` The two countries ' representatives have demonstrated this synergy at the UN Security Council , not to mention other venues . ''
Effectively , Tarasov added , `` the scenarios for settling the Syrian crisis proposed by Russia are backed up by China . Specifically , we 're talking about the declaration of the need to preserve the country 's territorial integrity . ''
This cooperation also has a broader potential , and can be applied to other countries in the region as well , the analyst explained , `` including Iraq , Yemen , Libya and Afghanistan . China takes a multidimensional approach to these issues . For Beijing , as for Moscow , Syria is one of the most important and significant elements of the Middle Eastern mosaic . This is especially true considering the fact that the Daesh terrorists [ in Syria ] are now attempting to infiltrate Afghanistan , which China considers a zone of its interests . ''
In another sense , for both Russia and China , the Syrian issue has become an area where the two emerging powers have been able to act more confidently in announcing their new role in the world . `` China has begun to become significantly involved in events in the Middle East . In this sense , the Russian-Chinese partnership carries a strategic , pragmatic character . There 's no doubt that it will have a sustainable character , '' Tarasov said .
© AFP 2018 / Robyn Beck Hillary Clinton Presents 'Fictional Propaganda Version of the Syrian Crisis '
Finally , CIS Institute deputy director Vladimir Yevseyev told Sputnik that he is absolutely certain presidents Xi and Putin will discuss the two countries ' next steps on Syria in greater detail at the BRICS Summit in Goa on October 15-16 . The preconditions for this discussion have definitely presented themselves .
Beijing , he stressed , has a broad collection of interests in Syria . `` First of all , this includes rebuilding the country 's oil production capability , which prior to the war was controlled to a large extent by China . Secondly , this includes receiving valuable combat experience . Syria , factually , is the only place where China can receive combat experience , both for its air and land forces – primarily its special forces . This experience would be invaluable . I think that Chinese pilots may come to work out of the Russian base at Hmeymim . Most likely , the Chinese would also like the opportunity to visit the Tartus port on occasion . ''
© Wikipedia / Taras Kalapun Port of Tartus , Syria
This in turn suggests the possibility of China becoming involved in expanding the ( presently limited ) capabilities of the Russian base at Tartus , Yevseyev noted . `` With Chinese help , particularly through an effort to deepen the seabed around the port and modernize it , would allow us to create a full-fledged base . China would likely want to use it to have a presence in the Mediterranean , something Beijing considers to be of major importance . ''
Ultimately , the analyst noted that `` China is actively positioning itself as a global center of power . From this perspective , it 's important for the country not just to discuss the settlement of the crisis in Syria at the political level , but to participate directly in overcoming the crisis , including via the component of military force – that is , for Beijing to position itself as a state that is a party to settling the Syrian crisis . ''
A new group is exploring the possibility of creating a network of trails that would link with new and existing lodging facilities in the Adirondack Park .
The concept is based on hut-to-hut systems that are popular in other parts of the world , including New Zealand and Spain . Closer to home , the Appalachian Mountain Club runs huts for hikers in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
The Adirondack Park-wide Community-Based Trails and Lodging System ( ACTLS ) project was created by Joe Dadey and Jack Drury , two Saranac Lake-area residents with backgrounds as wilderness recreation educators . In addition , the pair will be joined by a part-time worker , Duane Gould of Saranac Lake . ACTLS would use existing trails , and potentially new ones , to create the networks .
“ This whole project is motivated by our desire to help improve the tourism economies of the towns and villages in the park , ” Dadey said . The concept was originally studied in the fall of 2013 by Paul Smith 's College seniors under the direction of Dadey , a former professor at the college .
Earlier this month , the ACTLS project received a $ 220,000 regional economic grant from the state to study the feasibility of creating the networks . The grant was submitted through Hamilton County , but is a park-wide initiative .
In 2015 , the group plans to hold a series of meetings around the Park with the public and stakeholders . They plan to inventory and map existing trails and related lodging facilities , in addition to studying new possibilities .
They are looking at using lodging on both private and public lands , in addition to linking the trail networks to communities . ACTLS would create a nonprofit to manage and possibly create facilities . It could also coordinate overnight reservations .
The proposed lodging facilities would range from temporary yurts to existing five-start hotels . However , Dadey said he would like a majority of the facilities to be affordable , perhaps $ 35 per night , if possible . They would be within a day 's hike of each other and provide meals or kitchens for users .
“ These circuits and traverses will be diverse enough to provide people with a variety of experiences , both in length , and in the type of recreation , ” Dadey said . He noted the trails will be for human-powered activities , such as hiking , paddling , and skiing .
Ultimately , Drury said , the idea is that a visitor would be able to step out of their hotel door and walk down the street to a trailhead . From there , they would be able to do a multi-day loop or traverse to another village .
“ It 's all about connecting communities , ” Drury said .
ACTLS has prioritized where they would like the structures , new and existing , to be located . Private lands are at the top of the list , followed by private easement lands , existing buildings on the Forest Preserve , and temporary yurt-like structures on Wild Forest lands . The latter two uses are currently not allowed .
Dadey and Drury mentioned the Great Camp Santanoni , or at least a structure on the property , as a potential place on the Forest Preserve where they would propose lodging . However , there are other backcountry buildings they would like to inquire about , including the one owned by the Open Space Institute on Preston Ponds in the High Peaks Wilderness . They would also look to link existing wilderness facilities , such the Adirondack Mountain Club 's Johns Brook Loj in Keene Valley , with others .
Although ACTLS would look to change some rules that environmentalists might view as weakening protections for the Forest Preserve , Drury and Dadey believe the result would be that more users get to experience the backcountry and appreciate it .
“ We 're looking at this as broadening the constituency so that down the line , 50 to 100 years from now , people will still feel passionate about the Adirondacks and still feel inclined to protect it , ” Dadey said .
Photo by Mike Lynch : The Appalachian Mountain Club 's Highland Center in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
Embedded content is unavailable .
August 6 would have been Elliott Smith 's 43rd birthday , and to mark the occassion , his former label Kill Rock Stars is sharing a series of rare , unreleased tracks . It starts with a version of `` Alameda '' , recorded during the same sessions that yielded the album version featured on Smith 's essential 1997 release Either/Or . This version contains alternate lyrics during the chorus . Kill Rock Stars will also reissue Either/Or and Smith 's self-titled 1995 album on 180-gram vinyl this month , in honor of Smith 's birthday .
On August 6 , Kill Rock Stars will sell its 2010 Smith compilation An Introduction to ... for $ 4.99 all day . You 'll also receive `` a present '' from the label if you sign up for their mailing list that day .
Throughout August , Smith 's entire Kill Rock Stars output will be available digitally for $ 49 . And for the duration of 2012 , any Kill Rock Stars mailorder purchase will be accompanied by a 10 % off coupon for their Smith offerings .
Watch Jem Cohen 's 1997 Elliott Smith film Lucky Three , below .
Embedded content is unavailable .
Company of Heroes 2 digital collectors edition announced News
VR PS3 WII XBOX 360 PSP Written by Brandon Hofer on Company of Heroes 2 News : Company of Heroes release date is June 25 , meaning its time to focus on the collectors edition of the THQ-turned-Sega PC game . Tweet Comments
The Company of Heroes 2 Digital Collectors Edition has been announced by Sega ahead of the PC games June 25 release date . The CoH 2 Digital Collector 's Edition will ship with the vehicle skin combo pack , which will unlock 24 historically-accurate new skins for the game 's multiplayer mode , as well as a unique Soviet Commander that will give players more options in multiplayer .
The CoH 2 Digital Collector 's Edition for $ 99 on Amazon will also include an exclusive Collector 's Edition faceplate with integrated badge and the Commander Pass , which will unlock another five multiplayer Commanders post launch .
Purchasers of the Digital Collector 's Edition will be rewarded with the Company of Heroes Complete Pack , which includes the original Company of Heroes as well as its expansions Opposing Fronts and Tales of Valor .
Available in pre-order quantities only , the Digital Collector 's Edition will include the game 's global pre-order offer of a post-launch Theatre of War mini-pack and two new multiplayer Commanders for each faction .
Greg Wilson , Producer of Company of Heroes 2 , commented , `` Following the transition to Sega , we have been working hard to improve and enhance the offerings for pre-order and Digital Collector 's Edition customers and are delighted to be able to reward our most loyal fans . ''
The Digital Collector 's Edition is available from Steam and other digital retailers . Customers who have already purchased the old Digital Collector 's Edition will be automatically upgraded to the new offering .
Underpinned by the cutting-edge Essence 3.0 Engine , Company of Heroes 2 brings tactical strategy to life like never before , thanks to the realistic ColdTech weather system , the revolutionary dynamic line of sight system TrueSight , and realistic destructibility .
Do you plan on picking up Company of Heroes 2 ? Will you pick up this Collectors Edition ? Tell us what you think below . Purchasers of the Digital Collector 's Edition will be rewarded with the Company of Heroes Complete Pack , which includes the original Company of Heroes as well as its expansions Opposing Fronts and Tales of Valor.Available in pre-order quantities only , the Digital Collector 's Edition will include the game 's global pre-order offer of a post-launch Theatre of War mini-pack and two new multiplayer Commanders for each faction.Greg Wilson , Producer of Company of Heroes 2 , commented , `` Following the transition to Sega , we have been working hard to improve and enhance the offerings for pre-order and Digital Collector 's Edition customers and are delighted to be able to reward our most loyal fans . `` The Digital Collector 's Edition is available from Steam and other digital retailers . Customers who have already purchased the old Digital Collector 's Edition will be automatically upgraded to the new offering.Underpinned by the cutting-edge Essence 3.0 Engine , Company of Heroes 2 brings tactical strategy to life like never before , thanks to the realistic ColdTech weather system , the revolutionary dynamic line of sight system TrueSight , and realistic destructibility.Do you plan on picking up Company of Heroes 2 ? Will you pick up this Collectors Edition ? Tell us what you think below .
User Comments
It has been a year of honors for Matt Ryan , who went from arguably the worst season of his career in 2015 to an MVP award and plenty of recognition in 2016 . He may not be done getting those awards just yet .
The ESPYs are coming up , and Ryan is one of five nominees for the honor . Chances are decent that Aaron Rodgers or Tom Brady will edge him out—this is ESPN—but perhaps Ryan can take home one more award ahead of the 2017 season .
Here are the 2017 # ESPYS nominees for `` Best NFL Player '' .
Vote here : https : //t.co/cf9TliHcdR pic.twitter.com/IIqW65ykPT — NFL on ESPN ( @ ESPNNFL ) June 21 , 2017
If he does , it 'll contribute to the already sky-high expectations for Ryan in 2017 . While I think it 's fair to expect some pullback from his historic , career-best season in 2016 , Ryan cemented his place as one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL last year even for those who spent years doubting him , and he 'll be considered one of five or so quarterbacks who are legitimately in the running for the MVP award . May he beat the odds ( more on those later this weekend ) and get it .
Now go get that ESPY , # 2 .
I love animals as much as the next person — just ask my dog , Sammy , or the baby swallows my wife and I have been protecting ( from our dog , among other things ) on our front deck .
Some religious citizens believe it is necessary , on occasion , to kill animals in a ritualistic manner .
But I understand that some religious citizens believe it is necessary , on occasion , to kill animals in a ritualistic manner . This should come as no surprise to anyone who has read the Torah ( the first five books of what Christians call the Old Testament ) .
Most Jews , Christians , and Muslims no longer sacrifice animals , although some continue to practice rituals that include killing them in specific ways . For instance , a federal judge recently protected the ability of orthodox Jews in California to practice Kapparot , an ancient atonement ritual associated with Yom Kippur that usually includes the slaughter of chickens .
Court Decisions on Ritualistic Slaughter
The most famous case involving ritualistic slaughter involved practitioners of Santeria , an Afro-American religion of Caribbean origin . More than two decades ago , the city of Hialeah , Florida , attempted to prohibit Santerians from sacrificing animals , even as it allowed animals to be killed for a variety of other reasons . A unanimous Supreme Court declared the ordinance to be unconstitutional in 1993 .
Hialeah 's ordinance was clearly unconstitutional because it prohibited animal slaughter in religious contexts while still allowing it in secular contexts . Such ordinances and laws are constitutional only if they are “ justified by a compelling interest and [ are ] narrowly tailored to advance that interest , ” as Justice Anthony Kennedy stated when delivering the court 's opinion .
Almost no statute meets this test . Nevertheless , to this day , Louisiana bans the ritualistic slaughter of animals . So , for instance , if you owned a farm in the state , it would be legal for you to slaughter a chicken there under normal circumstances , but not if you did so as part of a religious rite .
Kentucky 's Religious Reptile Ban
The only statute I 'm aware of that specifically targets a religious practice and might survive this level of judicial scrutiny is Kentucky 's law against handling “ any kind of reptile in connection with any religious service or gathering. ” The statute is aimed at prohibiting the rare religious practice ( primarily confined to Appalachia ) of handling venomous snakes in church services . Presumably , it is legal to handle them for fun or profit !
Because the state has a “ compelling interest ” in the health of its people ( even those who choose to pick up rattlesnakes ) this law might be upheld in a court challenge . But the law would be far more defensible if it were neutral with respect to religion — that is , if it simply banned the handling of venomous reptiles in all contexts .
Religiously Neutral Bans on Animal Slaughter
Such neutral laws , especially those regarding the humane treatment and slaughter of animals , may still have the unintended effect of restricting religious citizens ' liberty . For instance , humane slaughter laws in Denmark and other Scandinavian countries have “ effectively ban [ ned ] the ritual slaughter methods prescribed in both Muslim and Jewish tradition , ” NPR reports .
Fortunately , many states proactively craft accommodations to protect ritualistic slaughter .
In America , because such a law is neutral , it would not violate the First Amendment . Fortunately , many states proactively craft accommodations to protect ritualistic slaughter . These states properly recognize that whatever interest they have in prohibiting animal cruelty , this interest should not override the religious convictions of their citizens .
It is not unreasonable for states to prohibit animal cruelty or to require the humane slaughter of livestock . However , when these laws interfere with the ability of sincere citizens to practice their faiths , legislatures should craft narrow accommodations to protect citizens ' ability to act according to their religious convictions .
August 14 , 2017
by Canadian Architect
This past November , Architectural Science Professor Vincent Hui and Toronto 's Downtown Yonge B.I.A . assigned a new extracurricular design project to Ryerson students . Unveiled to the public in June , the project introduces a parklet ( also known as a sidewalk extension ) to downtown Toronto 's Elm Street , adding to the amenities of the city streets and provides an inviting atmosphere for the public to rest and enjoy the downtown scenery .
Hui invited third year Architectural Science student , Jason Glionna to lead the project . Glionna worked with his fellow students John Benner , Gregorio Jimenez , Tess Macpherson , Joana Benin , Marissa Lu and Diana Sobaszek .
“ The parklet is my third extracurricular design project that I have had on the go . This has kept me very busy in between classes , but I 'm very thankful to have had the opportunity to work with the Downtown Yonge B.I.A. , Upper Canada Forest Products , Professor Vincent Hui and my team on this very unique collaboration , ” said Glionna . “ While we do a lot of teamwork in class , this experience has taught me how to design for and communicate with a client , coordinate meetings , source materials and follow a strict budget . ”
The student team presented several design iterations to the Downtown Yonge B.I.A. , who selected the final concept called Kinetics , which was inspired by contours , curves and movement . The parklet was built with Accoya wood , a fast-growing sustainable wood that was generously donated by Upper Canada Forest Products . Accoya is frequently used for public installations in Europe , but it is the first time this material was used for an installation in Toronto .
* * *
North of the parklet , Ryerson students also showcased Canada 's long history of footwear on Toronto 's Bloor Street . The Department of Architectural Science has collaborated with the Bata Shoe Museum on a new window display celebrating Canada 's 150th anniversary .
Designed by Architectural Science students and created through the external , [ R ] ed [ U ] x Lab , “ In Full Bloom : Celebrating Canada 150 ” depicted all of Canada 's provincial and territorial flowers , rendered through hundreds of 3D printed shoes . The exhibition , spanning the museum 's prominent ground-floor window , draws inspiration from the museum 's enormous collection of footwear from across Canada 's history .
“ For our students , it 's real application of knowledge , ” said Ryerson 's Vincent Hui , also founder/director of the [ R ] ed [ U ] x Lab . “ Everything from computer-numerically-controlled foam backing systems to 3D printing , to skills like the co-ordination of entire teams of people for the fabrication , painting , and tech/video/photography . It 's a real-world scenario : when you 're making a building , for example , you have to make sure you 're overseeing time , costs , and people . That 's what 's going on right now . ”
Do you know about Europe 's problem with the NEETs ? This is the name being given to those mostly young workers who are not in school , not employed and not in training . The designation applies to one in five people aged 24 and younger .
Unemployment among this generation is frighteningly high all over the eurozone . These people are wandering and lost . They are slumming and rioting from Athens to London , and not one politician in power has a viable plan for what to do about it .
The United States is a step behind this curve but going the same way , with unemployment among this generation in the 18-19 % range , according to official statistics ( 12 years ago , it was 6 % ) . The trend line is still up . Looking at the broad measure of all people who gave up applying or who are working in low-wage part-time jobs and begging for more hours , we are now in the third year of a gigantic demographic shift in which young people are being shut out by the millions .
Step back from this a moment and you realize just how crazily inexcusable this situation is . The digital age is requiring all kinds of new skills from workers , and no group is more adaptable in this respect than young people . This entire generation is comfortable with digital media in a way that their parents are not . This should be a time when the marketability of young minds should be at its height .
What 's gone wrong ? It 's not that there is no work to do . There is always plenty of work to do at some price . And earning some wage is better than earning nothing at all . And least you get your foot in the door . The list of barriers to entry is a long one . It includes mandated benefits that business ca n't afford : the restrictions on moving people in and out of firms , fears of legal liability , mismatches between state-funded education and real-world workplace demands .
But let 's just deal with the no-brainer : the minimum wage . This policy is a human rights violation . It forbids workers from negotiating directly with an employer and coming to mutually agreed-upon terms of employment .
The minimum wage says to workers the police power of the state prohibits you from offering your services for less than $ 7.25 per hour . If you strike such a deal , heads will roll . You might want to work for less , and your employer might be hip to this too , but the law absolutely forbids it . If you are caught making such a deal , you will be thrown out on the street where you belong .
How does this help anyone ? It helps to exist workers , perhaps , by lessening competition for their jobs . But it also guarantees a certain level of unemployment . How much ? Art Carden at Forbes cites research showing that among the youth population of minorities , the minimum wage increases of the last three years have caused more job loss and unemployment than the recession itself .
This sounds about right , but these kinds of issues are notoriously difficult to quantify . All we do know is that the high minimum wage shuts workers out of the market . We do n't know by how much precisely , and we do n't know how many people would be suddenly employable if it were repealed . All we know is that repeal would help fix a disastrous situation .
Frankly , I find it ridiculously hypocritical for any politician to whine about youth unemployment while not pushing to repeal laws that make employment illegal . If you make work illegal under a certain wage ceiling , guess what ? You are going to see more unemployment than you otherwise would . This is not rocket science .
And how high is the minimum wage ? It is nearly twice as high today as when it was first implemented in 1938 . The first minimum wage was $ 0.25 , which translates to about $ 4 today . Would that we had the New Deal back today ! Millions would suddenly be back at work . Some politician should propose the FDR Memorial Labor Act that reduces the minimum wage to $ 4 . That would be fun to watch .
But let me tell you about some amazing research that will change the way you look at these laws . The researcher here is Thomas C. Leonard . His remarkable paper “ Retrospectives : Eugenics and Economics in the Progressive Era ” was published in The Journal of Economic Perspectives in 1995 ( here ) .
Leonard proves that the minimum wage is not a case of good intentions gone wrong . It is not as if people did n't understand the fallout . Quite the reverse . It was originally conceived of as a means to toss people out of the workforce . To prove this , he returns to the economic writings of the Progressive Era to reveal some remarkable prehistory here .
Leonard summarizes : “ Progressive economists , like their neoclassical critics , believed that binding minimum wages would cause job losses . However , the progressive economists also believed that the job loss induced by minimum wages was a social benefit , as it performed the eugenic service ridding the labor force of the ‘ unemployable . ' ”
He offers massive proof in the words of the economists themselves , all written for respectable journals and books at the time .
“ ‘ [ O ] f all ways of dealing with these unfortunate parasites , ' Sidney Webb ( 1912 , Page 992 ) opined in the Journal of Political Economy , ‘ the most ruinous to the community is to allow them to unrestrainedly compete as wage earners . ' ”
Henry Rogers Seager : “ If we are to maintain a race that is to be made of up of capable , efficient and independent individuals and family groups , we must courageously cut off lines of heredity that have been proved to be undesirable by isolation or sterilization. ” The minimum wage was central to the isolation strategy .
Royal Meeker , Wilson 's labor czar , wrote : “ It is much better to enact a minimum wage law , even if it deprives these unfortunates of work…Better that the state should support the inefficient wholly and prevent the multiplication of the breed than subsidize incompetence and unthrift , enabling them to bring forth more of their kind . ”
Florence Kelley , whom Leonard says was “ perhaps the most influential U.S. labor reformer of the day , ” “ endorsed the Australian minimum wage law as ‘ redeeming the sweated trades ' by preventing the ‘ unbridled competition ' of the unemployable , the ‘ women , children and Chinese [ who ] were reducing all the employees to starvation . ' ”
Frank Taussig was even more brazen . In the context of wage floors , he said that they were a good way to deal with the criminal class and the tramps who “ should simply be stamped out. ” “ We have not reached the stage where we can proceed to chloroform them once and for all ; but at least they can be segregated , shut up in refuges and asylums and prevented from
propagating their kind . ”
This was about 100 years ago , when people were writing this kind of disgusting material as a defense of how the minimum wage would work . Well , in this sense , the minimum wage has worked . It has helped to shut out a generation from participating in the division of labor . Now they wander the streets in Europe and America , despairing for the future . They will grow older like the rest of us and some day be adults — without training , without work experience , without the learning and socialization that comes with productive employment .
Good intentions gone awry ? Think again . There are certain people with influence over the shape of the law whose stated regrets about the current situation are just a bit implausible . Do they care about the rise of the NEETs ? Do they care enough to repeal their stupid laws that created them ?
CLOSE NFL Hall of Fame lineman Cortez Kennedy was found dead on Tuesday . He spent his entire career with the Seattle Seahawks . USA TODAY Sports
Former Seattle Seahawks defensive tackle Cortez Kennedy is seen during a game against the Washington Redskins in 1995 . ( Photo : H. Darr Beiser , USA TODAY )
Hall of Fame defensive tackle Cortez Kennedy was found dead Tuesday in Orlando , according to police .
Orlando Police spokeswoman Wanda Miglio told USA TODAY Sports there was nothing suspicious about Kennedy 's death but that the department was conducting an investigation . Miglio said Kennedy was unattended when he died .
Kennedy was 48 .
He spent his 11-year career with the Seattle Seahawks , who drafted the Miami ( Fla. ) product with the No . 3 pick in 1990 . He made eight Pro Bowls , was a member of the NFL 's All-Decade team for the 1990s and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2012 .
A five-time all-pro selection , Kennedy finished his career with 58 sacks .
`` The entire Hall of Fame family is stunned and deeply saddened to learn the news of Cortez Kennedy 's passing , '' Pro Football Hall of Fame President and CEO David Baker said in a statement . `` On behalf of the Hall of Fame Board of Trustees , Cortez 's fellow Hall of Famers and our staff , we extend our heatfelt condolences to his family , friends and fans .
`` Cortez will be remembered not only for all his great achievements on the football field but how he handled himself off the field . He epitomized the many great values this game teaches which serves as inspiration to millions of fans . ''
Many of Kennedy 's friends and admirers , including former Seahawks and Hurricanes , spoke out on social media after the news of his death :
Our statement on the passing of Cortez Kennedy . pic.twitter.com/yVtBfMdyp5 — Seattle Seahawks ( @ Seahawks ) May 23 , 2017
RIP to a true legend HALL OF FAMER ! ! ! Cortez Kennedy # cortezkennedy # weallwegothttps : //t.co/cqM904vOjy — Ricardo Lockette ( @ RicardoLockette ) May 23 , 2017
Shocked at Cortez Kennedy passing .. 1 of the most talented players I ever recruited or coached ... a fun loving person a sad day .. — Jimmy Johnson ( @ JimmyJohnson ) May 23 , 2017
R.I.P Cortez Kennedy ... Gone way too early . Thanks for always sharing knowledge to a young buck like me ... # TheU — Reggie Wayne ( @ ReggieWayne_17 ) May 23 , 2017
In 1990 Seahawks draft Cortez Kennedy 3rd overall . Great career , great man . Now gone at 48 . RIP Tez . NFL HOF , Seahawk ROH , ARK . BHOF . — Jim Zorn ( @ JimZorn10 ) May 23 , 2017
This is one of my saddest days in my life to hear this news about Cortez Kennedy . He was my mentor and close friend and today is a struggle — Vince Wilfork ( @ wilfork75 ) May 23 , 2017
PHOTOS : Cortez Kennedy 's life through the years
Netflix announced on Friday that Adi Shankar 's Castlevania animated series is getting a second season that will have eight episodes . The first four-episode season premiered worldwide on Netflix on Friday .
Netflix also began streaming the animated show 's opening movie on Friday .
The Texas-based animation studio Powerhouse Animation Studios produced the opening sequence .
The show 's English cast stars :
Graham McTavish as Dracula
Richard Armitage as Trevor Belmont
James Callis as Alucard
Alejandra Reynoso as Sypha Belnades
Emily Swallow as Lisa Tepes
Matt Frewer as The Bishop
Tony Amendola as The Elder
The Japanese dub cast stars Ryotaro Okiayu , Shinichiro Miki , Naoya Uchida , and Ayaka Shimoyamada .
The series follows `` the last surviving member of the disgraced Belmont clan , trying to save Eastern Europe from extinction at the hand of Vlad Dracula Tepe himself . ''
Producer Adi Shankar announced in 2015 that he was working with Fred Seibert and Kevin Kolde of Frederator Studios on an animated mini-series based on Konami 's Castlevania game series . In particular , the story is based on the 1989 NES/Famicom game Castlevania III : Dracula 's Curse . The game is set in 1476 , and Dracula has Europe under his grip . Trevor Belmont journeys in an attempt to defeat Dracula , and enlists the sorceress Sypha Belnades , the pirate Grant Danasty , and Dracula 's own half-vampire son , Alucard .
Chinese Public Most Worried About Climate Change
UNITED NATIONS , Jun 9 2015 ( IPS ) - A new survey finds that China leads the world in public support for government action on climate change .
Conducted by YouGov , it covers 15 countries on four continents , including the two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases , the United States and China , and seven members of the G20 group of major economies .
Some 60 percent of respondents in China favour a leadership role for their country , versus 44 percent in the United States and 41 percent in Britain .
The results come as nations prepare for a new round of climate talks in Paris in December , and confirms that the vast majority of people surveyed , in both developed and developing countries , want a strong deal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
A 10-day meeting to hone the draft text of the Paris climate agreement began last week in Bonn , Germany .
Also meeting in Germany Monday , the Group of Seven ( G7 ) announced that it will push for nations to aim for emission cuts near 70 percent of 2010 levels by mid-century .
But China may already be ahead of the game .
A new study by the London School of Economics ( LSE ) released Monday predicted that China 's greenhouse gas emissions could peak by 2025 , five years earlier than the time frame indicated by Beijing , thanks to steady reductions in coal consumption .
Scientists say the earlier peaking would restrict emissions to between 12.5 and 14 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide , and could help avoid a potentially catastrophic two-degree C global temperature increase .
According to the YouGov survey , fears about climate change are greatest in the Asia-Pacific region , which is especially vulnerable to sea-level rise , droughts and storms .
Some 82 percent in Indonesia consider climate change a “ very ” serious problem , along with 69 percent in Malaysia and 52 percent in China , the median figure for the region .
In Europe , a median figure of 41 percent consider climate change very serious . Germans are most concerned ( 50 percent ) and Britons least ( 26 percent ) . Americans fall somewhere in the middle of the Europeans , with 38 percent very concerned .
In most countries , the most popular strategy for governments to take leadership roles at the Paris talks was by setting ambitious targets .
The deal ( which is far from certain ) comes on the heels of fairly weak pacts made in Kyoto and Copenhagen fell short , and could be humanity 's last chance to avoid the worst effects of climate change .
Only a small minority want to see no agreement made .
There are some big differences between some of the countries polled , including some of the worst polluters . Sixty percent in China favour a leadership role for the country , versus only 44 percent in the United States and 41 percent in Britain .
Americans are also the most likely to want no involvement in an international climate change agreement , at 17 percent . Some 48 percent of the French public , who will be hosting the talks , support the most ambitious approach , while 35 percent opt for moderation and 3 percent want to play no part .
A bare majority – 51 percent – of Americans do n't think their government is doing enough to address climate change . This is higher than the European median of 45 percent ( though the American public is also most likely to say the government is doing too much , at 21 percent ) .
In Denmark , home to the failed 2009 climate conference , only 37 percent desire additional government action . On the other hand , 57 percent of Germans and 58 percent of the French want their country to do more .
Edited by Kanya D'Almeida
Priceline 's stock is still down by about 10 % from its 52 week high .
Priceline has a solid track record of revenue growth and profitability .
Priceline is attractive at its current valuations with a 35 % potential upside .
Your browser does not support the video tag .
Apart from being our favourite stock in the travel sector , Priceline ( NASDAQ : PCLN ) is also one of our top stock picks among internet companies . Since we added it to our list of top picks in May 2013 , the stock has returned over 55 % . In spite of being a fundamentally solid company , Priceline has been a victim of the broad based correction in internet stocks . After hitting a 52 week peak of $ 1378 a share in March 2014 , the stock fell by close to 20 % before recovering to its current levels . At its current stock price of $ 1243 a share , we think Priceline trades at attractive valuations given its impeccable track record of revenue growth and profitability . Here 's why we like Priceline .
Priceline Revenue Growth & Profitability
Priceline has maintained an excellent track record of revenue growth over the years . Over the last 5 years , it has sustained a Compounded Annual revenue Growth Rate ( CAGR ) of 28.9 % . Growth has slowed marginally , but remains healthy at a CAGR of 26.6 % over the last 3 years . Priceline also leads its peers like Expedia ( NASDAQ : EXPE ) and TripAdvisor ( NASDAQ : TRIP ) in terms of revenue growth .
What 's impressive is that Priceline 's consistent revenue growth has not come at the cost of profitability . The company 's operating and profit margins have been healthy and expanding . Priceline registered solid operating and net profit margins of 36 % and 28 % respectively in 2013 . In spite of growing faster than its peers , in terms of profitability again , Priceline is ahead of the competition .
Priceline ended Q1 2014 with cash and cash equivalents of $ 1.28 billion .
Priceline Market Share and Drivers of Future Growth
Priceline accounts for about 16 % market share in the US where Expedia is a dominant player . However , Priceline has grabbed the lion 's share of the market in Europe with the acquisition of the fast growing bookings.com in 2005 , a strategic acquisition that has proved to be a great move .
Priceline has also acquired Kayak.com earlier this a year , a move which is expected to help the former close the gap with Expedia in the US market . Kayak.com , will add value to Priceline with its meta-search platform . Further , the company 's expertise in mobile platforms should help Priceline build a stronger mobile presence . In June 2014 , Priceline acquired Buuteeq.com which offers marketing services to hotels , helps bring them online by developing their websites and provides other cloud based services to help them manage and optimize their operations . This again is a good fit for Priceline 's business model .
More recently , Priceline also acquired OpenTable ( NASDAQ : OPEN ) , an online restaurant reservation service which will make Priceline 's gamut of services more comprehensive . So far , Priceline 's acquisitions have worked well for the company , be it bookings.com or agoda.com ( 2007 ) which has helped Priceline in the Asian markets .
Priceline 's global presence reduces the risk of dependency on a particular geography . Given the sensitivity of the travel industry to the macro-economic environment , geographical diversification is definitely a positive .
Priceline Valuation
In spite of its superior growth and profitability among peers , Priceline has an attractive Price/Earnings valuation of 32 .
However , one must note that Priceline trades at a Price/Sales multiple of 9.0 , which is higher than the average of P/S multiple enjoyed by its peers . This implies that a sizeable slippage in growth or profitability , can hurt the stock 's valuations . That said , Priceline has historically beaten analyst estimates on a consistent basis with its Q1 performance beating revenue estimates by 13 % .
Our DCF valuation of Priceline indicates a 35 % potential upside from its current stock price , with a target price of $ 1680 a share . We assign Priceline stock a buy rating , based on our analysis of the company .
Chris Floyd , Published : 12 July 2009 Hits : 10515
As we noted a few days ago , Israel 's creation of a `` Warsaw Ghetto '' in Gaza continues apace , using control of the food supply as a primary weapon against the civilian population . Haaretz takes up the case again in a new story :
Every time Gazans sit down for a meal , they face a depressing reality . The selection of foods available to them is dictated almost entirely by a harsh policy imposed by the Israeli government , which , as of late , has even refused to allow such innocuous-seeming foods as pumpkins , pasta or beans to cross the border .
The goal behind Israel 's tight control of Gazans ' dietary regime is definitely not improving their health . Rather , the government argues that allowing `` luxury '' foods into Gaza would only add to the popularity of Hamas ' leaders , enabling them to better feed their constituency . But , in the eyes of many observers , Israel 's policy of limiting foods that enter the Strip is almost tantamount to starvation , and comes dangerously close to collective punishment , both of which are not only illegal and immoral methods to use in pursuit of Israeli security , but also do little to improve that security .
It is in fact , in law , in truth and in reality collective punishment , not just `` dangerously close '' to it . It is an all-out , astonishing brazen war crime -- a clear echo of Nazi policies on provisioning the Jewish ghettos in Poland after the Germans conquered the country . But let 's move on :
Indeed , what long-term Israeli interest is served by having pregnant women and children suffer anemia , which causes well-documented damage to fetal and juvenile development ? Limiting their access to iron does not improve Israeli security . Rather , it constitutes a gross violation of our own basic human values and the morality of Israeli society .
Can the experts please explain : Why does the Health Ministry recommendation for the diet of Israeli infants and toddlers - `` soft fruit such as bananas and avocado , cooked chicken and beef , and cheese cubes '' - not apply to Palestinian children ? These particular items are all strictly forbidden from entering Gaza , while rice and a limited selection of meat and produce are the only food items in fact allowed to enter .
Several months ago , ministry officials approached the United Nations to consult with them about their dietary plan for the Gaza Strip . The UN officials - as one might guess - politely told them to go to hell , refusing to have anything to do with such a policy . The Israelis then turned to a Health Ministry dietician , whose advice might have led to the present policy according to which , as Israeli officials have stated , `` the minimal requirements for the sustenance of Gaza Strip residents are being observed without inflicting a humanitarian disaster . ''
The participation of medical experts in drawing up the menus for Palestinians in Gaza - if they knew what policy their advice would help produce - is a grave violation of medical ethics .
⑨ ⑨ ⑨ ⑨ BAKA FOREVER ! ! ! ⑨ ⑨ ⑨ ⑨ ⑨
Great Cirno day for everyone !
What else to upload than our favorite baka on such a fine day like this . And not just an ordinary baka at that , but animated too !
So yeah , as you some already saw my hypnotic boob animation test , I got into animating a little . So I took the challenge and animated Cirno . Total of 5 frames ( 0,09 second each btw ! ) and ~12 hours spent to create this one . I really wanted to try whether my understanding is sufficient for animating some actual movement , so I chose a running action . To spice up things , I wanted to throw in all manner of random things , like panties .
The legs were the hardest of all . I started with them because I thought that once I get them in smooth loop , the rest would come less painfully . And that truly was the case . I kept adding parts when I finally had rough version of done , then I refined everything and added colors and shadows .
I 'm truly happy with how this came out . I guess 5 frames might be too few for smooth animating for the legs and skirt , but the rest looks pretty awesome , considering that this is basically my first `` heavy '' animation . This was extremely practical exercise for me to get familiar about animating and the process .
Frames drawn in Paint Tool SAI
Animated in Adobe Photoshop CS4
A new $ 118 million multipurpose residence is being built on McMaster University 's campus , the school announced today .
Slated for a September 2019 completion , the building will be dedicated to 500 first-year and upper-year students in residence , and will include a wellness centre , accessibility centre and a children 's centre daycare , a release said .
Construction on the residence , dubbed `` Living Learning Centre , '' will begin next year . It will be a 12-storey , 359,000 square-foot structure that replaces T-28 and T-29 , two temporary classroom buildings at the north end of the main campus , the release said .
Over a third of that building 's space will also be dedicated to classrooms and lecture halls , said dean of students Sean Van Koughnett . And in addition , McMaster plans to include dining facilities and one level of underground parking .
The eight floors of residences will mostly be suite style and double rooms with individual washrooms , Koughnett said .
Residence for first-years has been an issue , said Koughnett , as Mac is one of only two universities in Ontario without enough space to guarantee freshmen a spot .
`` For Mac ( first-year residence living ) is not ideal because you are n't guaranteed a spot and you are only guaranteed a spot based on your average , '' said first-year commuting student Niamh Bryson .
Koughnett said the Living Learning Centre will ensure more spots for students , providing a better student experience .
`` . . .500 residence beds will go a long way toward meeting the demand for this type of experience , '' he said .
Enlarge By Jack Gruber , USA TODAY Passengers enter security screening lines at Washington National Airport , where the Transportation Security Administration is using new signs meant to be bolder , clearer and easier to understand than their predecessors . WASHINGTON  The group that created Smokey Bear and McGruff the Crime Dog has a new potential icon : Stephanie the airport screener . A $ 1.3 million ad campaign launched this month teams the Ad Council and the Transportation Security Administration trying to change behavior of passengers who no longer automatically accept post-Sept. 11 airport security procedures . The public relations push explains the terrorist threat and the reasons behind annoyances at checkpoints . REPORT : Fliers , screeners at odds A passenger focus group conducted for TSA by New York City business consulting firm Blue Lime found that `` unquestioning compliance has diminished . '' Passengers say they are more afraid of missing their flight than they are of an airplane being attacked , the 73-page Blue Lime report found . In a 97-second video , Washington National Airport screener Stephanie Naar gently explains that homemade bombs `` are the No . 1 threat to aircraft , and we know terrorists have concealed these items in shoes . '' The TSA hopes to make passengers more accepting of removing footwear at checkpoints . `` Part of our effort here is to develop a spirit of cooperation , '' TSA spokeswoman Ellen Howe said . The campaign also tries to prepare inexperienced travelers for screening . `` It will help to relieve a lot of stress and anxiety people have when they 're traveling , '' Ad Council CEO Peggy Conlon said . In a spot on why passengers can carry only 3-ounce bottles onto airplanes , Naar calmly says , `` Liquid explosives are still a risk to aircraft . '' The campaign grew out of comments that passengers made to Blue Lime in five focus groups in late 2007 that revealed wide disrespect for screeners and uncertainty about security procedures . Passengers called screeners `` power trippers '' and `` rude/cold . '' Blue Lime urged the TSA to boost public confidence in screeners and in security . Because fear has receded since Sept. 11 , the TSA needs a new `` spirit of cooperation '' with passengers , Blue Lime said . Explaining security procedures to passengers `` should translate to greater compliance , '' the company concludes . The year-long campaign features 10-second radio spots in 12 major cities directing listeners to its website for travel tips , and videos that the non-profit Ad Council is placing on strategic websites . In addition to the ads , the TSA has been training screeners to better interact with passengers , urging them not to shout across security lanes and to chat quietly and warmly with people in line , Howe said . Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed
( Image via Twitter )
A marketing ploy in support of LGBT organizations backfired .
In honor of Pride Month , Skittles has removed rainbow coloring from its candies — explaining that “ During Pride , only one rainbow matters . So we 've given up ours to show our support . ”
As Heat Street notes , some of the sales of this candy will go to benefit LGBT charity organizations , so you 'd think that progressive people would be at least a little hesitant to complain . You 'd be wrong , though — a lot of people are very upset , because the fact that these Pride Month Skittles are white means that the company is racist and promoting “ white supremacy . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The backlash on social media has been going since the white-Skittles announcement , and it 's still going strong halfway into Pride Month :
Am I to understand that @ Skittles is now promoting white pride ? Yikes… https : //t.co/d5gVi8nvR4 — Michael Knowles ( @ michaeljknowles ) June 15 , 2017
Now , I 'm pretty sure that any good marketing executive would probably advise companies to avoid associating white anything with “ pride ” anything in the future . This knee-jerk offense , however , is absurd . Skittles was trying to do a nice thing , and — as is all too often the case — people need to calm down .
Nexus 5 specifications :
Display 4.95-inch Full HD display , 442 ppi ( potentially 4.97-inch ) Dimensions 137.84 x 69.17 x 8.59 mm ( 5.42 x 2.72 x 0.34 inches ) Processor 2.3GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 ( MSM8974 ) GPU Adreno 330 RAM 2GB Internal Storage 16GB or 32GB Camera 8MP auto-focus camera with OIS Front Camera 1.3MP Sensors accelerometer , magnetometer , gyroscope , proximity , light , barometer , orientation Battery 2300mAh with support for wireless charging Other Multiple LTE bands - support for Verizon ( not confirmed ) , AT & T , Sprint and T-Mobile ; Pentaband HSPA+ ( works across the globe ) , NFC , Nexus 7-like design , ceramic physical buttons
The Nexus 5 has been all the rage in recent days and weeks with wild speculations about its release date , but now we seem to finally have near-perfect clarity . After hitting retailers across the globe , now a Shanghai store claims the Nexus 5 will ( finally ) get officially announced by Google tomorrow , on October 31st . The release date for the store is expected to be right after that on November 1st.This corroborates all credible sources with inside information that have been claiming an October 31st release in the last month or so , despite conflicting rumors . Again , we have no inside information of our own to confirm or deny this , but it seems that all people in the know have given their nod and the much awaited release date will be tomorrow.So what can we expect ? There is almost nothing we do n't know about the Nexus 5 , we are still hoping to see it on Verizon Wireless , but apart from that the spec puzzle has been leaked and solved by various sources including FCC filings , carrier listings and so on.The Nexus 5 price is said to be $ 349 for the basic 16GB model , and there will be a 32GB version as well . The handset should be available in black and white from the get-go.source : PCM via Reddit
Security researchers from antivirus vendor ESET discovered a piece of cyberespionage malware targeting Tibetan activists that uses unusual techniques to evade detection and achieve persistency on infected systems .
The malware , which was dubbed Win32/Syndicasec.A , bypasses the UAC ( User Account Control ) mechanism in Windows to run arbitrary commands with elevated privileges without prompting users for confirmation .
It exploits a design flaw in the Windows UAC whitelist functionality that was documents back in 2009 by a developer named Leo Davidson . In fact , the malware uses Davidson 's proof-of-concept code with almost no modifications , said Alexis Dorais-Joncas , Security Intelligence Team Lead at ESET , Thursday in a blog post .
This technique is used to execute a second malicious component that registers a piece of Javascript code in the Windows Management Instrumentation ( WMI ) subsystem . WMI is a default Windows service that can execute scripts written by system administrators to automate administrative tasks .
The abuse of WMI in malware is not new , but is a rare occurrence , Dorais-Joncas said . `` This technique has the excellent property ( from the attacker 's point of view ) of not requiring any malicious code to be stored as a regular file on disk . This causes standard dynamic analysis tools such as Process Monitor to fail to clearly highlight the malicious activity . ''
The Stuxnet cyberespionage malware , which targeted Iran 's nuclear fuel enrichment plant at Natanz , also used this technique , he said .
The rogue WMI script added by the malware makes HTTP requests to hardcoded URLs that point to the RSS feeds of free blog sites . The title tags of RSS entries in those feeds contain encrypted commands that , when decoded , reveal the URLs of the actual command-and-control ( C & C ) servers .
When contacted , the C & C servers serve obfuscated JavaScript code that gets evaluated and executed by the WMI script running on the infected computers . This code contains the commands issued by the attackers .
The ESET researchers infected a test machine with Win32/Syndicasec in order to monitor its traffic and found that the interactions between the C & C server and the malware did n't appear to be automated .
`` Every day would bring different commands sent at non-regular time intervals , making it look just as if someone was sitting behind a console and manually controlling infected hosts , '' Dorais-Joncas said .
The observed commands suggested that the attackers were browsing through the machine 's file system and were gathering details about its network settings , attached drives and running programs .
The ESET researchers located different versions of the master script , the oldest of which dated from July 2010 , suggesting that this cyberespionage operation has been active for several years .
The domain names used for the C & C servers included references to Tibet , for example tbtworld.info and tbtsociety.info . The most recent C & C domain , which was set up in late April , is called nedfortibt.info .
The 'ned ' in 'nedfortibt.info ' is likely a reference to the National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) , a nonprofit foundation funded by the U.S. Congress that supports non-governmental groups who are working for democratic goals in over 90 countries and which is openly supportive of Tibetans in their relations with China , Dorais-Joncas said .
According to the ESET researchers , the infection scale of Win32/Syndicasec is small and strictly limited to Nepal and China .
`` The lack of built-in commands [ in the master script ] prevents us from discovering the real end-goal of this operation , '' Dorais-Joncas said . `` However , we can affirm that the various characteristics observed around this threat are similar to other espionage campaigns against Tibetan activists that we have observed . ''
David All and Christine Deye believe we 're at the edge of a new economy .
As consumer demand for operational transparency and the desire to support businesses that support the community increases , businesses are being forced to take a hard look at how they do things . And , an increasing number of businesses are choosing to make a very public statement about their operations by seeking B Corp certification .
“ We think that every single corporate business , every business type , there will be a certified B Corp alternative , ” All says .
But what does it mean to be a B-Corp ?
“ It 's a company that in its mission is thinking not just about profit , but also about its social and environmental impact , ” Deye says .
She picked up an intimate knowledge of the certification and its process , being the woman responsible for helping Jeni 's achieve their status .
Once a business makes it through the rigorous certification process , a business takes a very public pledge to uphold the B Corp standards .
“ It makes your business completely transparent , ” Deye says .
Every decision large and small is not just about money or profits , but has to be viewed from a comprehensive angle .
Housed under CivicHacks ( which is working towards B Corp certification itself ) , All and Deye are presenting businesses with a trio of options to move their operations towards B Corp standards . B-celerator is accelerating startups to B Corp certification , B-Consulting is helping established businesses become B Corp certified and Impact Storytelling incorporates elements of the B mentality into big businesses .
All had been thinking of concepts to bring more social entrepreneurs into the world . The path to social entrepreneurship is often more challenging that starting a regular business – there 's added challenges of being mindful of your impact , your community , how you 're constantly improving , and what your business is doing to make a difference . And , for social entrepreneurs there 's the task of differentiation . A social enterprise 's differentiation is really only valuable if they can get their story out into the community .
Coupling All 's experience with startups and storytelling , and Deye 's background in B Corps , they have the perfect set of skills to accelerate new businesses through the process .
The B-celerator is a first-of-its-kind program for businesses of any industry .
The duo have already made an agreement with their fist company – Tiny Acres . Deye says it 's a good fit because they are a company that 's already trying to do something good . Tiny Acres aims to grow fresh , sustainable , local food in shipping containers year round . The shipping container will be outfitted with environmentally conscious features like a rainwater collector , and with its location in Franklinton , will bring jobs to the community . Over time , CivicHacks will take a meaningful equity stake in the business .
B-Consulting is for the business that 's already established but is interested in obtaining B Corp certification .
“ We 'll help you get there , ” Deye says .
Through B-Consulting All and Deye can help a business through everything from the certification process to building their business model .
While there are larger business that have achieved B-Corp certification , like Jeni 's , Warby Parker and Ben & Jerry 's , it 's something that 's easier accomplished for a smaller- to medium-sized operation ( and still requires a major commitment , at that ) . That does n't mean bigger businesses are n't interested in sustainability , though , especially as many are starting to aim their efforts at millennials .
“ That 's how you do it , you go at them through their hearts , ” All says .
Impact storytelling is designed to help these businesses accomplish initiatives like putting parameters around their philanthropy to make a more meaningful impact , or incorporating social and sustainable elements into the business model .
“ Not everyone has someone on staff to do that , ” Deye says . “ We can help do that . ”
That story and those standards also become not just an external tool for customers , but an internal tool to build engagement and drive culture .
All thinks Columbus is the perfect , and really , only , place where a concept like this could thrive . With the city 's reputation as Test City , U.S.A. All says that the challenges of communities here mirror what 's happening across the country , and if a social entrepreneur can build something successful in Columbus , it 's scaleable throughout the country .
Exploring B Certification in general also provides a good baseline for businesses interested in social enterprises .
“ People that authentically want to be a social entrepreneur can look at Certified B as a framework with which their creativity can flourish , ” All says .
It forces businesses to take a look at what they are doing well and areas in which they can improve . And , no matter what part of a B Corp they choose to mirror , a business owner can know they are doing something authentic .
It 's a concept that is resonating with Columbus ' entrepreneurs .
“ We 've definitely seen a lot of interest in people that we 're talking to , ” Deye says .
The duo plan to test their concept with a few companies and build a solid framework for the model going forward .
For more information , visit civichacks.org .
The superstar and civil rights activist Lena Horne had such a dynamic , multi-faceted and enduring career — starting in 1933 , she worked regularly well into the late 1990s — that we all may have different views of who she was .
Horne was one of the first African-American women to break through in Hollywood in the 1940s though it was her successes on stage and in nightclub acts that would cement her reputation as a sterling jazz voice of uncommon elegance . In 1958 she became the first African-American woman to be nominated for a Tony Award .
If you 're a '70s and '80s kid , you probably remember Horne for her television work on Sesame Street , the Muppet Show or the Cosby Show . By this point she was already a musical icon ; as a kid , I was transfixed watching her on Sesame Street , never understanding the political undertones of a seemingly simple performance such as “ Bein ' Green , ” sung here with Kermit the Frog .
Lena Mary Calhoun Horne was born 100 years ago today in Brooklyn . As a tribute , here are a few addresses around New York City that helped play a role in her development , her career and her legacy .
189 Chauncey Street and 519 Macon Street , Bed-Stuy , Brooklyn
A tour of Lena Horne 's life begins in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyvesant , home of the ‘ black bourgeoisie ‘ of the 1930s , middle and upper class African-Americans whose wealth and professional careers set them apart from black enclaves in other parts of the city .
It was here that Horne was born on June 30 , 1917 at 189 Chauncey Street . ( And for a time she also lived at 519 Macon Street , a house that was recently on the market ) . She lived there with her grandparents for only a short time before traveling to Georgia for many years , returning to Brooklyn as a teenager .
Girls High School , 475 Nostrand Avenue , Brooklyn
Horne enjoyed her time at Girls High School ( later Boys and Girls High School ) , a towering institution where Shirley Chisholm would attend school just a decade later . But Lena 's mother Edna pulled her from school before she could finish , making her attend a secretarial school instead .
The Cotton Club , 644 Malcolm X Boulevard/Lenox Avenue at West 142nd Street , Manhattan ( today it 's the site of Bethune Towers/ Delano Village )
But Lena would n't waste too much time dictating and typing . In 1933 , at just 16 years of age , she made her debut as a chorus girl at The Cotton Club , the segregated music club which had helped define Harlem as a pivotal nightlife destination during Prohibition .
As much as it may horrify us today thinking of a 16-year-old girl in a rowdy nightclub , Lena was well protected ( chiefly by the guys in Cab Calloway ‘ s orchestra who nicknamed her ‘ Brooklyn ' ) and her charm , beauty and crystal voice soon got her engagements with traveling musicians ( notably Noble Sissle , best known for the musical Shuffle Along ) .
It would be at the Cotton Club that the song “ Stormy Weather ” would make its debut — but sung by Ethel Waters .
( For more on the story of the Cotton Club and the origins of “ Stormy Weather , ” listen to the Bowery Boys podcast on the subject , Episode # 204 )
During the 1930s she became a modest presence of the stage and screen . She received her first mention in a New York Times review by Brooks Atkinson in February 13 , 1939 , for a show called Blackbirds of 1939 : “ Among those present is a radiantly beautiful sepia girl , Lena Horne , who sings “ Thursday ” and “ You 're So Indifferent ” in an attractive style , and who will be a winner when she has proper direction . ”
Below : “ Lena Horne Conserves Fuel ” — A wartime public service announcement she filmed for the Office of Emergency Management
Cafe Society , 1 Sheridan Square , Manhattan ( today it 's the home of the Axis Theatre company )
In 1941 , Horne made an eventful new home at Cafe Society , an edgy , integrated jazz club best known for an earlier vocalist who had made her name there — Billie Holiday . The club was explicitly political . According to its proprietor Barney Josephson : “ I wanted a club where blacks and whites worked together behind the footlights and sat together out front . There was n't , so far as I know , a place like that in New York or in the whole country . ”
Read more about Cafe Society here or check out the Bowery Boys podcast on the life of Billie Holiday for more information ( Episode # 174 )
Waldorf-Astoria , 301 Park Avenue , Manhattan
Perhaps no other music venue in New York is more important to Horne 's legacy than the Empire Room at the Waldorf-Astoria . Her New Year 's Eve debut on December 31 , 1956 , captured her at the height of her talents . From the New York World-Telegram . “ The woman is so stunningly gowned to accent a beautiful figure that this , in itself , would catch an audience 's attention . But the ultimate hypnotic effect is the music , the arrangements and an intensity of delivery that finds its essence in eyes that seem to bore into you . ”
Her performances there would inspire an album Lena Horne At The Waldorf-Astoria ( 1957 ) , becoming the highest selling album by a female RCA recording artist up to that time .
From a newspaper advertisement in 1958 :
Despite her fame , Horne ( as well as many other famous African-Americans ) found it difficult to find apartment owners who would rent to her due to her race . Harry Belafonte had run into a similar problem in the late 1950s but found a unique solution , simply buying an entire building on West End Avenue . He rented the penthouse to Horne .
“ [ W ] e [ she and her husband Lennie Hayton ] went through the hysteria of trying to find an apartment – all those stupid problems – and when we finally found a place that would admit both me and Lennie , we put our roots down . ”
Read more about it here .
Courtesy AP
Horne got a late career boost in 1981 when the wildly successful musical revue Lena Horne : The Lady and Her Music which garnered her a Tony Award and a world tour .
From the New York Times review : Miss Horne is out to prove something in this revue , and it 's not merely that her talents and looks are unbruised by the years that have passed since she first danced across a Cotton Club stage an era ago . She does n't simply present herself as a survivor – a favorite device of older stars who come back to Broadway – but as an artist who is still growing , who is only now reaching the peak of her powers .
Here 's Horne accepting her Tony Award for the performance :
And no I did n't forget ! From the 1943 film of the same name , the song when she borrowed from Ethel Waters and never returned . Others have done justice to it ( like Judy Garland , Frank Sinatra , Dinah Washington ) , but “ Stormy Weather ” belongs to Lena Horne :
Want to ensure the bidding war over your last-generation iPad gets as heated as possible ? Place a red banner on your auction page .
A new study finds that the color red inspires participants in online auctions to become more aggressive : When they see red , their average bid increases are higher than when they see blue . The benefit of this heightened competitiveness will accrue to you , the seller .
On the other hand , if the format involves negotiation rather than an auction — you set a “ buy it now ” price , for example , but invite people to email you their own offers — you 'd be better off with a blue banner . Red again inspires competitiveness , and people will low-ball you .
“ Consistent with physiological literature on the effects of color , we ﬁnd that exposure to red colors increases aggression , ” the authors write .
Source : “ The Effect of Red Background Color on Willingness-to-Pay : The Moderating Role of Selling Mechanism , ” Rajesh Bagchi and Amar Cheema , Journal of Consumer Research ( forthcoming )
A former professional rugby player who thought his career was over after a series of injuries has forged a new path in life - after becoming a bodybuilder and personal trainer .
Dave McCall , 28 , from Scotland , was scouted by a professional rugby team when he was 18 and by 22 had made his first start in the Heineken Cup scoring a try on his debut .
Over the next three years , he battled with injury and a stress fracture in his spine made performing at a high level a struggle . A shoulder operation , a knee hamstring operation and ruptured bicep followed . 'You name the injury , I 've most likely had it , ' he told FEMAIL .
Dave McCall , 28 , was scouted by a professional rugby team when he was 18 but due to injury , he had to stop playing the sport , which left him out of shape , left . Not one to give up , he decided to become as big and strong as he possibly could and has since become a personal trainer and body builder , right
' I was blessed with talent but cursed by injury . I am very grateful for the experience as it 's made me the strong person I am today . I represented Scotland at all age group levels and national sevens , got to travel the world and made lots of lifetime friends . '
Whilst his rugby career did n't work out , Dave , who was inspired by kickboxer with Jean Cluade van Damme , decided that he 'had to be big and strong ' .
Dave , who is 5ft 11in and weighs 16st 5lb , admits that it took him fourteen years to achieve the look he has today - and it was n't easy
Dave was scouted by a professional rugby team when he was 18 and by 22 had made his first start in the Heineken Cup scoring a try on his debut . Since having to give up the sport he loved , he developed a passion for fitness and competed in several competitions
So what does a typical day look like in Dave 's regime ? ' I use a typical bodybuilding style training routine , where I train specific muscle groups on specific days , ' he explained .
He said : ' I lived in Zambia until I was about 12 so I never spent much time inside , there was also something physical to be done outside , that helped me build a muscular frame from a young age . I had a set of 1kg ankle weights that I wore whilst running , doing press ups and practicing high kicks . '
Dave , who is 5ft 11in and weighs 16st 5lb , admits that it took him fourteen years to achieve the look he has today - and it was n't easy .
'It 's not easy to get to where I am and most people ca n't . That 's not to say it 's impossible but it would take years of constant hard work , which most people are n't willing to put in .
'People like the idea of being fit and healthy but the reality of achieving this status breaks people down . You have to be mentally tough to break that barrier . '
Speaking about transforming his body , Dave , left when he was injured , and , right , now , said : 'It 's not easy to get to where I am and most people ca n't . That 's not to say it 's impossible but it would take years of constant hard work , which most people are n't willing to put in '
So what does a typical day look like in Dave 's regime ? ' I use a typical bodybuilding style training routine , where I train specific muscle groups on specific days , ' he explained .
Most of his training is with weights and he does cardio 3-4 times per week , which varies from incline walking to full-on sprints or kick boxing . He can bench press 180kg .
' I like having big muscles but they need to be functional as well , ' he added . ' I do gymnastics once a week as well to keep flexible and also just because backflips are cool ! ' .
He follows a strict diet , too , which consist of 5-6 meals per day and includes plenty of oats , whey protein , chicken and green vegetables .
His hard work has certainly paid off ; he has competed in several shows - where he was consistently place in the top three - and was snapped up by esteemed agency W Athletic so does sport modelling on the side .
Most of his training is with weights and he does cardio 3-4 times per week , which varies from incline walking to full-on sprints or kick boxing . He can bench press 180kg
Despite his honed physique , Dave , admits his size does put some women off .
' I do get compliments on my physique a lot , mostly from other guys , ' he admits . ' I am at the size where girls tend to be put off but that does n't really bother me at all because I do this for myself .
'It 's nice obviously when people have something nice to say but I get plenty negative comments too so I tend to ignore everything . The best compliment that anyone can give me is to say that I 've motivated them to train harder and become better . I like to have a positive effect on people .
Sharing his golden piece of advice for anyone looking to emulate him , Dave , who is currently penning a book , said : 'The best bit of advice I could give to anyone is to learn your body and how best to treat it .
'Once you master that it will always be easy to get in shape . Do n't be fooled by all these quick fix diets online ; there is no secret to getting in shape . Eat consistently well , sleep and train hard and that 's it . You ca n't out train a bad diet so get that right first and the rest will follow . '
Pool/The News-Herald via AP T.J. Lane , wearing a `` KILLER '' T-shirt , smirks as he listens to the judge during sentencing on Tuesday in Chardon , Ohio .
Editor 's warning : This story contains graphic content .
An Ohio judge has sentenced T.J. Lane , the Ohio teen charged with shooting three students to death and wounding three others last February , to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
Lane showed up to his sentencing wearing a white T-shirt with the word `` KILLER '' in capital letters scrawled on it -- the same word police say he had emblazoned on his shirt the day of the shootings at Chardon High School .
Lane , 18 , pleaded guilty last month to all charges against him in the Feb. 27 , 2012 , shootings , in which he opened fire on a cafeteria table full of students in the rural community of Chardon .
In a brief statement during his sentencing on Tuesday , Lane flipped his middle finger at people in the courtroom , which included family members of his victims , reported NBC affiliate WKYC.com . He revealed his `` KILLER '' T-shirt to the court once he was inside , taking off a blue button-down he had worn on the way in , the station reported .
Pool / The News-Herald via AP T.J. Lane unbuttons his shirt during sentencing Tuesday in Chardon , Ohio .
Three students -- Demetrius Hewlin , 16 ; Russell King Jr. , 17 ; and Daniel Parmertor , 16 -- were killed last February . Nate Mueller and Joy Rickers were wounded , as was Nick Walczak , who is paralyzed from the waist down , according to Reuters .
Lane has not given a motive for the shootings , which rocked the tiny town 30 miles outside Cleveland . He gave only a short , defiant statement in the courtroom on Tuesday : `` This hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory . F -- - all of you . ''
Gasps were heard in the courtroom as Lane then proceeded to stick up his middle finger at both his own relatives and those of his victims , The Cleveland Plain Dealer reported . Some people started crying .
Geauga County Judge David Fuhry sentenced Lane to three life sentences without eligibility for parole for three counts of murder , plus 8 years for a fourth count of attempted aggravated murder , 6 years for a fifth count of attempted aggravated murder , and 6 years for a sixth count of felonious assault .
In handing him the sentences , Fuhry said Lane lacked remorse for the killings . Lane was ruled mentally competent enough to stand trial last year despite evidence he suffers from hallucinations and psychosis . Fuhry said Tuesday that court examinations showed Lane faked mental illness and was such a smart student that he was set to graduate from high school early , Reuters reported .
The families of the boys who died in the shooting have attended every one of Lane 's court hearings , The Plain Dealer said . Other victims ' family members also attended Tuesday 's sentencing , and read statements to the court ahead of Lane 's sentencing .
`` Because of you , our quiet little town will never be the same . Why ? Why did you do it ? Why ? '' Holly Walczak , mother of paralyzed victim Nick Walczak , said in court on Tuesday . Lane smiled as she read her statement , The Plain Dealer said .
Dina Parmertor , mother of slain victim of Daniel , said , `` I want you to be ensured years and years of pain , which in my opinion is not enough . You do n't deserve to take another breath while my 16-year-old son lies in the ground because of your cold , disgusting actions . ''
`` You 're a pathetic excuse for a human being . In fact , you 're not even human . You 're a monster , '' she added , according to The Plain Dealer .
Lane 's sister , Sadie , who was in Chardon High School 's cafeteria when her brother opened fire , also spoke on Tuesday , talking to reporters outside of the courthouse after the sentencing .
`` The brother in the courtroom and that did this is not the brother I knew , '' she said , offering her condolences to victims ' families .
She described the moment she learned from a police officer who the shooter was last February .
“ Along with other students , I heard the gunshots and screams , ran for my life , ducked under tables , hid in the teachers ' lounge , not knowing who the shooter was , ” Sadie Lane said . `` When those words hit me , I shook and cried and denied that all this could be true . ''
She said she hoped for some good to come from the situation .
`` It may be hard for some to understand , but I love my brother , and I hope he can touch other lives in a positive way , '' she said .
Lane lived with his grandparents and attended an alternative school for students who have n't succeeded in traditional schools . He was waiting for the bus to his school from Chardon High when he began shooting from a .22-caliber semiautomatic Ruger handgun last February , according to police reports .
He was taken into custody a short distance from where the shootings happened .
Reuters contributed to this report .
This story was originally published on
Content Industry Insists E-PARASITE Wo n't Rewrite DMCA , But Co-Author Of The Bill Admits That 's The Plan
from the rewriting-the-dmca dept
The criticism below views SOPA as a �back door� means �with which to bludgeon� innocent site operators by expanding the scope of secondary liability claims and diminishing DMCA protections . Of course , this view largely ignores that SOPA explicitly states that its provisions must not be read to expand or diminish either . And , it doesn�t . The fact that SOPA does not permit sites to take `` deliberate actions to avoid confirming a high probability '' of infringement merely restates the law as it stands today . There is no rule that permits �willful blindness� of obvious wrongdoing under U.S. law , and nothing in the DMCA or any other statute has been deemed to hold otherwise .
`` I think it is unrealistic to think we 're going to continue to rely on the DMCA notice-and-takedown provision , '' Goodlatte said .
`` Anybody who is involved in providing services on the Internet would be expected to do some things . ''
Defenders of E-PARASITE/SOPA have been going out of their way not just to mischaracterize the arguments against the bill , but now they 've reached the point of outright lying . The American Bar Association has an email list for its `` IP Section , '' and recently there was a bit of a debate over E-PARASITE/SOPA , in which the myriad problems and dangers of the bill were put forth . Not one to let an opportunity go by to mislead , Viacom 's VP of Intellectual Property and Content Protection , Stanley Pierre-Louis , decided to defend the bill . I 'll have more to say about his various points later , but on one key point , he seems to not only be wrong , but at odds with one of the guys who supposedly `` wrote '' the bill . That is , Pierre-Louis responded to the charges that E-PARASITE is a backdoor to rewriting the important DMCA safe harbors by stating : Of course , this is one of the more nefarious tricks pulled by the authors of the bill . In a few different places , right before they totally decimate existing and established law , they put in a little thing that says , `` nothing in here changes existing law ... , '' even as the plain text shows that it does.But , in this case , why do n't we go to the : Rep. Bob Goodlatte , supposed co-author of the bill , and the chair of the IP subcommittee in the House . When asked about criticism of the bill by Gautham Nagesh at The Hill , Goodlatte flat out admitted that the intention is to take away the DMCA 's safe harbors So , who do we trust ? A Viacom exec with a history of trying to stretch , twist and break the DMCA ( see : YouTube ) by pretending that it requires actions it does not , or the supposed co-author of the bill , whose statements will certainly be used in a court of law down the road . And , if Goodlatte is admitting his intention was to change the DMCA with the bill , why did the bill even include that false claim that nothing in it changes the DMCA ?
Filed Under : bob goodlatte , copyright , dmca , e-parasite , liability , secondary liability , sopa , stanley pierre-louis
Companies : viacom
M A I N N E W S Cash-strapped Punjab yet to pay salaries to over 3 lakh employees
Rich party , poor govt : 2 days before SAD-BJP conclave in Goa , govt in a spot over funds
Sanjeev Singh Bariana
Tribune News Service Chandigarh , April 6
As the ruling SAD-BJP leaders fly for a two-day brainstorming session in balmy Goa beginning April 8 , in what is being seen as a free junket worth crores of rupees , there is a sense of financial betrayal among Punjab Government employees awaiting their salaries for the previous month of March . The Vichar Manthan , in the presence of 150 representatives from both sides of the ruling combine in the five-star luxury environment , promises to churn out a host of solutions for Punjabs financial woes . But back home , the prickly financial realities have the employees on edge . According to official figures , Punjab has 3,15,969 employees on its rolls . The average expenditure per month on the salaries is more than Rs 1,265 crore . The governments monthly expenditure on pension of nearly three lakh employees is over Rs 471 crore . Ministers are not spending on their Goa trip from government funds . However , the whole exercise of planning a visit to an exotic locale shows the casual attitude of the ministers who are ignoring the needs of its employees while taking care of their pleasure trip ,  said Karnail Singh Saini , president of Gazetted and Non-Gazetted Employees Organisation . The government is forcing us to strike work and stage protests from Monday in case we dont get our monthly wages ,  he warned . Some delay in payment of salaries in April is expected , it being the time for budget finalisation . But sources point out that the state government was not in the pink of financial health , as was evident from frequent delays in the release of salaries of its employees  the key and most visible expenditure . The employees got their salaries for earlier month after nearly a week and after four days in October last . The state government remained in a tight spot for the most part of the previous fiscal . Principal Secretary , Finance DP Reddy said , There has been a slight delay in payment of salaries . However , employees will get their salaries soon , maybe by Tuesday . There are certain financial matters which need to be cleared before entering accounts of the new financial year . A senior officer said , The government , particularly senior ministers , need to sit down and carefully examine government expenditure vis-a-vis its earning before making big announcements and even fund allocations at nearly all functions they participate in. States average salary bill is Rs 1,265 crore Punjab has 3,15,969 employees on its rolls and the average expenditure per month on salaries is Rs 1,265 crore
The governments monthly expenditure on pension of nearly three lakh employees is over Rs 471 crore
Delay in disbursal of salaries in April , govt sources say , is not unusual because of certain mandatory financial clearances
Last October , there was a delay of 4 days in salary disbursal Expect it by Tuesday There has been a slight delay in payment of salaries . However , employees will get their salaries soon , maybe by Tuesday . There are certain financial matters which need to be cleared DP Reddy , principal secretary , finance
[ youtube=http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tkO1lY9JkDg & w=600 & h=315 ]
A little over a year ago , I was applying to graduate school . I 've lived in Houston for something like 10 percent of my life , which is odd , but other than that it had been all Northeast . I wanted to do something different , and so did my wife , so we were mostly looking in the Midwest . At the start of the process , and even in the middle of the process , I figured we 'd end up in Chicago , mostly because we had one car and did n't want to tack a second car ( and associated costs ) into the equation . Lo and behold , we ended up in Minneapolis . Part of the reason it was able to get over the hump — aside from basic things like cost , cost of living , etc . — was that it actually has a pretty good public transportation system . The light rail is a little bit of a shitshow in that it does n't necessarily go to areas where people live , but the bus system is very good , especially if you 're headed to a job downtown . Point is , public transportation can make a lot of difference , especially at a time where middle-class earnings are presumably being squeezed .
It 's pretty remarkable , then , if you really think about it : in the United States ( we 'll start there ) , you can probably rattle off the cities with good public transportation on one , or maybe the beginnings of a second , hand . Let 's go . NYC , DC , Chicago , San Francisco , Boston . There 's one hand . Seattle , Portland , Minneapolis , and … and … . looking for the last two on the second hand . There are different lists all over about this stuff , and they use different metrics — for example , one list uses “ percentage of city you can reach in 90 minutes without a car. ” Here are a couple of different examples : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 . So , it can be done . But there are maybe 12 or 15 good examples state-side at most , yet there are 111 cities in the U.S. with more than 200K people . Gas usage should a very real concern for humanity right now , so shifting to a more bus/light rail/bike share friendly system would benefit the masses . But it does n't really happen . Why ?
Salon has one take : that the development of systems is doomed because politicians do n't actually know anyone that ride buses and trains . Atlantic Cities took a deep look at the finances of running a public transportation system , including 18 different options via this report from Todd Litman . ( Turns out you can do more than simply raise fares , and that bulk passes might be the best idea . ) Public transit systems in most major cities are often designed in a bass-ackwards way , creating a situation where many have to travel over 1 hour to work and back .
To quote this article from The Atlantic :
“ America ca n't grow the way we 've been growing , ” says Rob Puentes , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and an author of the report . “ Cities need to get smarter about connecting to their suburbs and building jobs where transit is available . ”
Before I shift to looking at this internationally , the key thing to think about on the U.S. side is actually — and somewhat surprisingly — Salt Lake City . That 's a mountain-area Red State , which you would assume is all about the car . No , in fact . It has some of the most aggressive public transit growth in America , and as a result , it has the best connectivity between people and jobs in all of America . If you hate commuting or just want the process of getting to work to be relatively painless — as most Americans do — then this is a hugely attractive feature .
[ youtube=http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=u0k1sBFiAhA & w=600 & h=315 ]
World-wide , there are some public transportation champs out there . London , Berlin , and Seoul are considered especially good . Hong Kong , Paris , Madrid , and Tokyo also receive strong marks . ( This is a list of every metro system in the world at present , more or less . ) It all left me wondering : is this an issue like education or health care , where it 's broadly perceived that parts of the rest of the world have a jump on the United States ? This article from The Economist begins to explain the answer : essentially , yes . American transport projects tend to be much more expensive , for some of these reasons :
Conflicts of interest , with “ consultants who consult with consultants and advisers who advise advisers . ”
A common-law legal system with lots of legal review that slows down infrastructure projects
Incredibly strict anti-corruption rules that do more harm than good
Not enough emphasis on speed of construction , leading to long projects and escalating costs .
Madrid 's metro system — again , one of the best in the world — made a list of best practices for developing an extension quickly and effectively . Virtually none of these things happen in U.S. cities . I grew up about two blocks ( two avenues over ) from the Second Avenue Subway ; that project has been going on for literally years and they just finished Phase One . Bloomberg is n't sure he 'll be alive when it debuts . The focus is clearly not on speed of construction .
A lot of people are riding metros globally , and likely more would if systems were cranked up quicker and more effectively . Consider this regarding the US : by 2050 , there 's expected to be another 130 million people , potentially . That 's essentially the entire population of the current Western U.S . It 's honestly not feasible , 100 years on ( or even sooner ) , for all these people to be multi-car families . ( Now , there 's a possibility the shift will eventually be to solar cars or something else , but that 's not concretely on the table right now . ) We need better public transportation — not necessarily just rideshare programs — and we need to design it smartly ( connecting where people live to where people work , and adjusting when those elements adjust ) and quickly . The future of the American city is going to be much different — San Francisco , New York and DC ca n't honestly take that many more people — and public transport is at the cornerstone of that .
To bring this kinda full circle , I 'm finishing up my grad school stuff in March/May ( classes over in March , so could move around then ) . One of the things my wife and I actively consider about all potential destinations is the public transportation . Beyond “ baseline quality of life ” and “ access to airport/friends , ” it 's probably No . 2 or No . 3 . That 's where the future is . You want to know that a potential city you 'll be living in embraces it .
[ youtube=http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eZOIdONACKU & w=600 & h=315 ]
Artificial human life could soon be grown from scratch in the lab , after scientists successfully created a mammal embryo using only stem cells .
Cambridge University mixed two kinds of mouse stem cells and placed them on a 3D scaffold . After four days of growth in a tank of chemicals designed to mimic conditions inside the womb , the cells formed the structure of a living mouse embryo .
The breakthrough has been described as a ‘ masterpiece ' in bioengineering , which could eventually allow scientists to grow artificial human embryos in the lab without the need for a sperm or an egg .
Growing embryos would help researchers to study the very early stages of human life so they could understand why so many pregnancies fail , but is likely to prove controversial and raise ethical questions about what constitutes human life .
Radio D is a course for those beginning to learn German , and I 'm actually not a big fan of the course itself . Here 's what makes the course less than stellar :
The characters are n't very convincing and are often annoying ( there 's a character called Compu that is the worst of them all )
There 's way too much background noise compared to the amount of dialogue . In the beginning lessons you often have to listen to the sounds of a character walking around a house , making some coffee , turning on the radio etc . before you finally get to hear the dialogue : `` Der Kaffee ist gut ! '' Well , that was certainly worth the minute 's wait .
Radio D begins introducing regional variations of the language right in the beginning before you have any idea what 's going on . There 's nothing wrong with showing that to students , but right in the beginning it 's more confusing than anything . At least in Deutsch - Warum Nicht ? they waited until section 4 ( the last section ) before talking about Herr von Ribbeck auf Ribbeck ( Und kam in Pantinen ein Junge daher , So rief er : „ Junge , wist ' ne Beer ? “ Und kam ein Mädel , so rief er : „ Lütt Dirn , Kumm man röwer , ick hebb ' ne Birn. “ ) So what 's good about Radio D then ? The big difference between Deutsch - Warum Nicht and Radio D is that Radio D has a complete pdf with all the dialogue in both German and the other language . Deutsch - Warum Nicht has a 15-minute mp3 , the dialogue in German on the pdf and a certain amount of explanation in the other language , but there 's no help for you in knowing what the announcer is saying unless you already know the language pretty well . Since Radio D has absolutely everything written out , it 's perfect if you 're learning a relatively obscure language like Bulgarian or Romanian and want to both hear the language , and read along at the same time .
Radio D has recently come out with part 2 , which has the same inane characters but at least the dialogue has become much lengthier than before so it 's somewhat more tolerable . For a while it was only available in English but I noticed that on the Persian-language page the mp3s are now available ( not pdfs yet ) , so it looks like they 're currently in the process of recording and writing the second part out in other languages . Last time it took about a month for each language to have its own version . That 's probably also why a lot of the site has been down for the past few days . Persian was down yesterday , and today it 's back up with the new course material .
Now , if you 're not just beginning a language but are studying a language that you 're pretty good at , then definitely go with Deutsch - Warum Nicht ( here it is in Portuguese for example ) . It 's an older course so some of the dialogue is a bit dated ( `` I 'm going to go sell some records ! '' and `` Wow , you have a computer ? ! '' spring to mind ) but overall it 's superior to Radio D in every way - the characters are much better , the music is better , there 's not as much inane empty space in the dialogues , and it just comes out with a much better atmosphere than Radio D , which always seems like it 's trying to impress you in some way . The character Ex ( an invisible sprite-like creature that hangs out with the main character Andreas ) is one of my favourites too .
Here 's an example of some of the dialogue from Radio D in Persian : That makes Radio D a good place to learn a language for those that either ca n't find any material in the language they 're learning at all , want to learn German at the same time , or are German/already know quite a bit of the language .
John Moore/Getty Images Eric Trump recently suggested that when his father , Donald Trump , bragged about grabbing women 's genitals without consent , it was an example of `` two alpha guys in a thing . ''
In addition to shedding some light on how Trump 's son views his father and manhood , it 's also interesting because `` alpha males '' are n't actually a thing .
As the writer Saladin Ahmed pointed out , the concept of `` alpha male '' wolves that assert dominance over their pack through aggression comes from a debunked model of lupine social groups .
David Mech introduced the idea of the alpha to describe behavior observed in captive animals . Alphas , he wrote in his 1970 book `` The Wolf : Ecology and Behavior of an Endangered Species , '' win control of their packs in violent fights with other males .
But , as he outlined in a 1999 paper , he 's since rejected that idea in light of research into the behavior of wolves in the wild .
In nature , Mech writes , wolves split off from their packs when they mature , and seek out opposite-sex companions with whom to form new packs . The male and female co-dominate the new pack for a much simpler , more peaceful reason : They 're the parents of all the pups .
Mech writes on his website ( with the lovely title Wolf News and Info ) that his original book is `` currently still in print , despite my numerous pleas to the publisher to stop publishing it . ''
Another Twitter user , Mike Westphal , pointed out another paper on the misuse of the phrase `` alpha males '' to describe breeding roosters .
In the 2003 book `` Sexual Selections : What We Can and Ca n't Learn about Sex from Animals , '' the biologist Marlene Zuk points out that social groups of hens do have `` pecking orders . '' That is , hierarchies among the females with dominance asserted through pecking .
But roosters are not part of those social groups , Zuk writes , and the idea that the top hen is somehow an `` alpha male '' bizarrely misgenders the dominant bird .
All of which is to say : Humans who enjoy the idea of `` alpha males '' might want to keep in mind that there is n't really any such thing . And to the extent the term has any meaning at all , it describes the behavior of captive , lonely creatures .
If you ask Republicans about their antipathy toward unions , they 'll say that letting workers bargain collectively reduces a company 's ability to act efficiently in the marketplace . If you knew anything about business , the market advocates will patiently explain , you 'd understand that unions , with all their rules and conditions and strike threats , only make it harder for the company to make its products . Let management make decisions about things like wages and working conditions , and the result will be higher profits and more jobs , which will benefit everyone . In almost all cases , the corporation agrees ; after all , union workers always earn better wages than their non-union counterparts , and they give power to the employees , which no CEO wants .
What most people probably do n't realize is that this inherently hostile relationship between management and unions is n't something that 's inherent in capitalism . In fact , in many places where there are capitalists making lots of money , corporations work—now hold on here while I blow your mind—cooperatively with unions . One of those places is Germany , and one of the biggest German companies , Volkswagen , is right now embroiled in a union election in Tennessee that has turned into a bizarre spectacle that is showing the true colors of American conservatism . If you thought conservative were just laissez faire capitalists , seeking freedom for businesses to create prosperity , you 're dead wrong . What they actually want is something much uglier .
On Monday , our own Harold Meyerson explained the context and history driving this election , but the short version is that in its Chattanooga plant , Volkswagen wants to create a `` works council '' of the kind that companies in Germany use , which is a system where management and workers come together to set policies , plan strategy , and solve problems . The details of U.S. labor law require a union if such a council is going to be created , which is one reason VW has seemed supportive of the United Auto Workers organizing the plant . Although VW has n't come out and said they support the union , the signals they 've sent strongly suggest that they do . `` Our works councils are key to our success and productivity , '' said the VW executive who runs the Chattanooga plant .
So faced with a union-friendly corporation , what have Republicans in the state done ? One might expect them to say , `` Every company should have the freedom to decide how to deal with its own workers ; we may not be big fans of unions , but that freedom is what capitalism is all about , '' or something like that . But no . The Republican governor and state legislators have begun issuing threats that there wo n't be any future tax incentives for the company if the union wins the election . In other words , tax incentives are vital to bring jobs to the state—but if they 're union jobs , we do n't want them . We 'd rather see our constituents unemployed than see them get jobs with union representation . So what you now have is Republicans fighting against a corporation to try to impose their vision of management-labor relations , one the corporation does n't want .
Then yesterday , Republican Sen. Bob Corker claimed , `` I 've had conversations today and based on those am assured that should the workers vote against the UAW , Volkswagen will announce in the coming weeks that it will manufacture its new mid-size SUV here in Chattanooga . '' There are two things to understand about Corker 's statement . First , it does n't pass the smell test : the Chattanooga plant is the only Volkswagen factory in the world that does n't have a union , and the company has already made its good relationship with unions in general , and its desire for a works council there in particular , quite clear . And second , that kind of blatant attempt to intimidate workers into voting against the union when the election is going on is probably illegal , and could result in the election being halted and rescheduled .
What this issue has revealed is that while one might have thought that as far as conservatives are concerned , the creation of workplaces in which employees are given low wages and few benefits , and generally treated like crap , was merely a means to an end , the end being corporate profits and maximum freedom for business owners . But what we 're now seeing is that a powerless and beaten-down workforce is n't a means to a larger end , and it is n't a byproduct . It is the end in itself . It 's the goal . Here you have a highly profitable company that wants to have a more cooperative relationship with its workers , and obviously sees a union as a path to that relationship , because they know that they can work that way with unions , since they do it already all over the world . But the Republican politicians do n't care about what the corporation wants . They are so venomously opposed to collective bargaining that they 'll toss aside all their supposed ideals about economic liberty in a heartbeat .
One of the absurd arguments they 've made is that other companies , like suppliers , wo n't want to come to Tennessee if there 's a unionized auto plant there , as though it were some kind of infection others would fear they might catch . That 's ridiculous , of course—if you have a company that makes car parts , and VW wants to buy thousands and thousands of your parts , you 're damn sure going to set up shop next to their factory if that 's the best way to make money . What Republicans are really afraid of is that the union will come in to the Chattanooga plant and things will work well . If that happened , the rationale for the race to the bottom would be severely undermined . And the idea that corporations can do well by treating their employees like partners and not like enemies might indeed spread .
The views expressed in our content reflect individual perspectives and do not represent the official views of the Baha ' i Faith .
In “ Baha ' u'llah Frees the Slaves : The Universal Emancipation Proclamation , Part 2 ” ( Jan. 13 , 2014 ) , we announced a discovery . Nader Saiedi , UCLA 's Taslimi Foundation Professor of Baha ' i Studies , found a remarkable “ Tablet ” by Baha ' u'llah , prophet-founder of the Baha ' i Faith .
In late December , 2012 , Dr. Saiedi was working with a few other individuals and teams of researchers , fluent in both Arabic and Persian , to create an indexed inventory of the complete Writings of Baha ' u'llah . A huge undertaking commissioned by the Universal House of Justice , this ongoing project will probably take years to complete .
In the course of this inventory in the International Baha ' i Archives , located in Haifa , Israel , Dr. Saiedi made an extraordinary discovery — one of perhaps world-historical proportions , if indeed it is true that Baha ' u'llah 's abolition of slavery was the first in the history of the world 's religions .
This Tablet , it should be noted , is undated . However , together , Dr. Saiedi and I now propose this theory as to the circumstances of its revelation :
Known as Mirza Buzurg , Baha ' u'llah 's father was a former vizier to the Shah 's twelfth son , then later appointed governor of the province of Luristan in Persia ( now Iran ) . Mirza Buzurg owned a number of slaves . Slaves were common throughout Persia in the 19th century , as elsewhere in the world , including America . Mirza Buzurg died in 1839 . Baha ' u'llah never purchased nor owned slaves , but probably inherited his father 's slaves , considered property that would be passed from father to son .
Baha ' u'llah strongly disapproved of slavery . So what did Baha ' u'llah do with these slaves , upon Mirza Buzurg 's death ? Baha ' u'llah set them free ! In the 1830 's , an action like this was unheard of , especially in Persia .
How do we know this ? Dr. Saiedi has discovered a key piece of evidence — Baha ' u'llah 's written , autobiographical account , which has not only historical value but remarkable spiritual value , as well . Most of the Arabic text has been carefully transcribed by Dr. Saiedi , who now offers his provisional translation into English , published here for the very first time .
What is even more interesting is that this remarkable Tablet is cast in the form of a prayer , to God :
Sanctified art Thou , O my God ! At this moment , one slave ( mamlūk ) is standing before another slave and seeks , from him , his freedom . Yet his owner , himself , is naught but a slave of Thee , a servant in Thy Threshold , and absolute nothingness before the manifestations of Thy Lordship . Standing before Thee , I bear witness , at this very moment , to that which Thou hast testified by Thyself for Thyself , that verily Thou art God and there is none other God but Thee … All mighty kings are mere slaves before the gate of Thy grace , and all the wealthy are the essence of poverty in the shore of Thy holy dominion , and all the exalted are abject lowliness within the glorified court of Thy bounty . Notwithstanding this , how then can this slave claim for himself ownership of any other human being ? Nay , his existence is a mere crime , graver than any sin in Thy kingdom … And now , O my God , since that servant hath asked from this servant his freedom , therefore , I call Thee to witness , at this moment , that I am setting him free in Thy path , liberating him in Thy name , and emancipating his neck from the chain of servitude , so that he may serve Thee in the daytime and in the night season , longing that my neck would never be relieved from the cord of Thy servitude . This verily is my most cherished desire and my supreme end . – Baha ' u'llah , unpublished Tablet ( A08212 ) . Provisional translation by Nader Saiedi , Ph.D .
Who is this slave Baha ' u'llah sets free ? Dr. Saiedi believes that it is none other than Isfandiyar , whose story I told in “ The Races – Robed in Black or White : The Universal Emancipation Proclamation , Part 4 . ”
Again , the year is 1839 . Mirza Buzurg had just died . Isfandiyar stands before Baha ' u'llah . Isfandiyar asks Baha ' u'llah to set him free .
Baha ' u'llah grants Isfandiyar 's wish , but does so in a most extraordinary way , in dignified humility , clearly showing that both Isfandiyar and Baha ' u'llah himself , as human beings , are equals in the sight of God .
Thus this unpublished Tablet predates what we have previously referred to as Baha ' u'llah 's “ Universal Emancipation Proclamation ” of 1873 , by some 33 or 34 years .
In fact , Baha ' u'llah uses the very same reasoning that he would use when promulgating the first formal prohibition of slavery in the history of religion , in this divine decree :
It is forbidden you to trade in slaves , be they men or women . It is not for him who is himself a servant to buy another of God 's servants , and this hath been prohibited in His Holy Tablet . Thus , by His mercy , hath the commandment been recorded by the Pen of justice . Let no man exalt himself above another ; all are but bondslaves before the Lord , and all exemplify the truth that there is none other God but Him . He , verily , is the All-Wise , Whose wisdom encompasseth all things . – Baha ' u'llah , Kitab-i-Aqdas , Par . 72 .
According to Abdu ' l-Baha , Isfandiyar , now gratefully freed from the bonds of slavery , chose to remain as Baha ' u'llah 's faithful servant , until 1852 , when Baha ' u'llah was imprisoned in Tehran 's “ Black Pit , ” and Isfandiyar 's life was placed in mortal danger . ( See “ The Universal Emancipation Proclamation : Part 1 . ” )
Thanks to the resourcefulness of Baha ' u'llah 's wife , Navvab , the Governor of Mazandaran , Mirza Yahya Khan , gave Isfandiyar shelter and protection . The Governor then engaged Isfandiyar as his head servant , placing him in charge of all the affairs of the his household — a privileged and prestigious position that Isfandiyar held for the rest of his life .
On July 1 , 1839 , 53 Africans from Sierra Leone — captured by Portuguese slavers — seized the Cuban schooner , Amistad , destined for a Caribbean plantation . On August 24 , 1839 , the Amistad was seized off Long Island , NY . Imprisoned , their case was heard by the Supreme Court in January 1841 . Former President John Quincy Adams defended the Africans ' right to fight to regain their freedom .
In 1839 , the transatlantic slave trade was illegal . But ownership of slaves was perfectly acceptable in Persia at that time .
So Baha ' u'llah 's 1839 liberation of Isfandiyar was well in advance of developments throughout much of the world ( as in the American South , the Trans-Sahara and Red Sea/Indian Ocean regions and elsewhere ) , although some other countries ( such as Portugal , Scotland , France , England , Mexico , Haiti et al . ) had abolished slavery ( with exceptions and anomalies in enforcement ) . Notwithstanding , Baha ' u'llah 's 1873 abolition of slavery as a decree from God may well be characterized as a “ Universal Emancipation Proclamation ” with great moral force , albeit without immediate secular effect .
©2014 by Christopher Buck .
An Afghan detainee is carried on a stretcher before being interrogated by military officials at the prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2002 . A study of former Guantanamo detainees has unearthed evidence that they were tortured and abused . ( ( Lynne Sladky/Associated Press ) )
Medical examinations of suspected militants formerly held by the U.S. military at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre in Cuba showed evidence of torture and other abuse that resulted in serious injuries and mental disorders , according to a human rights group .
< a href= '' http : //www.cbc.ca/news/yourvoice/ '' > < img src= '' http : //www.cbc.ca/news/yourvoice/img/yourvoice-sidebar-header.jpg '' > < /a > < br > [ /CUSTOM ] 'This is the logical outcome of suspending due legal process . Once due process is suspended , it is a slippery slope down to total barbarism . ' -- Big Daddy at home < a href=http : //www.cbc.ca/world/story/2008/06/18/guantanamo-report.html # articlecomments # postc > Add your comment < /a > [ /CUSTOM ]
The study , considered the most extensive medical check of former U.S. detainees published so far , also tracked former suspects held at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , with similar findings .
For the study , Physicians for Human Rights had doctors and mental health professionals examine 11 former prisoners of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay .
The U.S-based human rights organization says it found evidence of U.S. torture and war crimes , and it accuses U.S. military health professionals of allowing the abuse of detainees , denying detainees medical care and providing confidential medical information to interrogators that was then exploited .
Physicians for Human Rights did not identify the 11 former prisoners to protect their privacy . Seven were held in Abu Ghraib between late 2003 and summer of 2004 , a period that coincides with the known torture of prisoners at the hands of some of their U.S. jailers . Four of the prisoners were held at Guantanamo beginning in 2002 for one to almost five years . All 11 were released without charges being laid .
Those examined reported being tortured or abused , including sexually , and described being shocked with electrodes , beaten , shackled , stripped of their clothes , deprived of food and sleep , and spit and urinated on .
Prisoner subjected to electrical shocks 3 times a day
The Associated Press has obtained a report outlining the treatment of two Iraqi prisoners . One , identified only as Yasser , reported being subjected to electric shocks three times and being sodomized with a stick . His thumbs bore round scars consistent with shocking . He would not allow a full rectal exam .
Another Iraqi , identified only as Rahman , reported he was humiliated by being forced to wear women 's underwear , was stripped naked and paraded in front of female guards , and was shown pictures of other naked detainees . The psychological exam found that Rahman suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and had sexual problems related to his humiliation .
The Physicians for Human Right report came as the U.S. Senate 's armed services committee revealed documents showing military lawyers warned the Pentagon that methods it was using following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , airplane hijackings violated military , U.S. and international law . Those objections were overruled by a top Pentagon lawyer .
U.S. President George W. Bush said in 2004 , when the prison torture was revealed , that it was the work of `` a few American troops who dishonoured our country and disregarded our values . '' Bush and other U.S. officials have consistently denied that the U.S. tortures its detainees .
The degradation of some prisoners by their U.S. captors is well documented by the government 's own reports . Once-secret documents show that the Pentagon and Justice Department allowed , at least for a time , forced nakedness , isolation , sleep deprivation and humiliation at its military prisons in Guantanamo Bay and at Abu Ghraib .
Health of detainees prior to detention not known
Physicians for Human Rights ' medical examiners did not have access to the 11 patients ' medical histories prior to their imprisonment , so it was not possible to know whether any of the prisoners ' ailments , disabilities and scars pre-dated their confinement . The U.S. military says an al-Qaeda training manual instructs members , if captured , to assert they were tortured during interrogation .
However , doctors and mental health professionals stated they could link the prisoners ' claims of torture while in U.S. detention to injuries documented by X-rays , medical exams and psychological tests .
`` The level of the time , thoroughness and rigour of the exams left me personally without question about the credibility of the individuals , '' said Dr. Allen Keller , one of the doctors who conducted the exams , in an interview with the Associated Press .
`` The findings on the physical and psychological exams were consistent with what they reported . ''
All 11 former detainees reported being subjected to :
Stress positions , including being suspended for hours by the arms or tightly shackled for days .
Prolonged isolation and hooding or blindfolding , a form of sensory deprivation .
Threats against themselves , their families or friends from interrogators or guards .
Ten said they were forced to be naked , some for days or weeks .
Nine said they were subjected to prolonged sleep deprivation .
At least six said they were threatened with military working dogs , often while naked .
Four reported being sodomized , subjected to anal probing , or threatened with rape .
The patients underwent intensive , two-day long exams following standards and methods used worldwide to document torture .
`` We found clear physical and psychological evidence of torture and abuse , often causing lasting suffering , '' Keller said .
Keller , who directs the Bellevue/New York University Program for Survivors of Torture , said the treatment the detainees reported were `` eerily familiar '' to stories from other torture survivors around the world . He said the sexual humiliation of the prisoners was often the most traumatic experience .
Most former detainees are out of reach of Western doctors because they are either in Iraq or have been returned to their home countries from Guantanamo .
More than 770 prisoners have spent time at Guantanamo Bay , some for up to six years without charge , since the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 . Of the 270 men currently being held , 20 have been charged with criminal offences . One conviction has resulted from the Guantanamo detentions , that of Australian David Hicks in 2007 .
If you 've followed my blog posts and Twitter stream , you 've probably seen images like this :
The above is a map of the globally exposed routers that contain a backdoor , and the way I 've generated those images has until now been an internal tool . After making some changes to increase performance and make it more user-friendly , I 'm officially releasing a new way to browse the Shodan search engine in the form of an add-on : Shodan Maps .
Shodan Maps provides a new and easy way to search for devices on the Internet and see the results on a map instead of a regular search listing . As you zoom into an area , it will narrow down your search results to only show devices that are within the viewable area . It essentially works and behaves the same way as every other map search service ( Google Maps , Bing Maps etc. ) . It will currently display up to 1,000 results at a time on-screen as well as summary information about all the results ( location-independent ) such as top 5 services , organizations and countries . Note that it can take up to 30+ seconds sometimes to complete a search , depending on how far zoomed out you are and how many results there are in total .
There are also 3 different map styles that can be used depending on your preference . The default map style is “ Satellite ” , which is what I 've been using most often and can be seen in the screenshot above . The next available map style is “ Street View ( Light ) ” :
And finally there 's “ Street View ( Dark ) ” :
The map style can be changed anytime using the settings button next to the big read Search button . And when you click on one of the red dots you will see more information about the device , such as which services it 's running , who owns the IP space and anything else that is useful to know .
I 've found it very insightful to put results on a map and figure out patterns in the data , hopefully Shodan Maps can do the same for you !
Shodan Maps can be unlocked for a one-time payment of $ 19 ! No subscriptions , extra fees or anything like that and if you do n't love it let me know for a full refund .
Advertisements
Scientists were stumped .
For more than a decade , biochemists could not fully decipher the structure of a key protein , called a protease , that retroviruses such as HIV need to multiply . Knowing it would be a key step toward developing better anti-viral drugs .
So University of Washington scientists unleashed an avid group of online gamers . Within three furious weeks of play , pitting teams of non-scientists against each other , the gamers delivered the first accurate model of a retroviral protease .
`` It 's the power of citizen science , '' says Firas Khatib , a postdoctoral researcher in the laboratory of UW biochemistry professor David Baker . The UW
and
developed the game , called
, about three years ago , believing that they could tap some of the brain power that puzzle-loving humans pour into computer games .
There are many examples of crowdsourcing in science , but most involve citizens helping out with drudgery , such as submitting data on animal sightings or running distributed computing programs on a home computer . Foldit players are providing answers beyond the capabilities of experts in the field .
Solving protein structures remains one of the most difficult problems in science . Proteins take shape from a strand of building blocks , called amino acids . Genes tell a cell 's protein-making machinery the order for assembling the building blocks in an orderly long strand . When a complex protein , such as an HIV protease , comes off the assembly line , it coils and folds to form an intricate molecular machine . Imagine , say , a sewing machine self-assembling from hundreds of parts arrayed on a string .
Because of the vast number of possible moves during protein folding , even the most advanced super computers still ca n't reliably predict the structure of large proteins . Foldit players use their intuition and three-dimensional problem-solving skills to figure out likely protein structures . Teams earn points by finding the most chemically stable shapes .
`` Competitive social interaction is a very strong driving force , '' Baker says .
For the retrovirus problem , Foldit players started with scientists ' rough-draft idea of the shape of the protease from a retrovirus that causes AIDS in monkeys . During three-weeks of play , gamers generated over one million structure predictions . The solution , reached by the winning team in 10 days , was nearly perfect ; it gave Baker and colleagues all the information they needed to nail down the structure almost to the last atom . The journal
published the finding Sunday .
Human minds have an advantage , Khatib says , because of their intuitive ability to see the potential for a delayed payoff from moves that seem like backward steps .
`` Human players can see that you may have to go down this road , not doing well for a long time , but those steps are necessary if you want to get to a more correct solution , '' he says . `` Even the best computers and computer algorithms are n't very good at that . ''
The scientists offered co-authorship to players who supplied the winning answers but all declined , asking only for recognition for their teams : Foldit Contenders Group and Foldit Void Crushers Group .
`` It is a team thing . Everybody contributes , '' said a player from the Contenders Group , who asked to be identified only by her Foldit user name , `` mimi . ''
Baker and colleagues are posing even more difficult challenges to gamers . Among them : identifying the structures of compounds that could serve important medical needs , such as inhibiting flu viruses .
--
The life of a photojournalist is not for everyone . It can be chaotic , stressful , and lead to dangerous situations in conflict zones .
But many of those who have taken the plunge certainly love what they do , and they have the Instagram accounts to prove it . Follow these 26 accounts if you need a bit more global culture in your feed .
Adam Ferguson
Australian photographer based in Bangkok , Thailand .
Below : The Church of Nativity in Bethlehem , West Bank .
Natalie Naccache
British-Lebanese photographer based in Beirut , Lebanon , covering modern Arab society .
Below : A 24-year-old Syrian refugee named Sima , whose tattoo reads `` Damascus '' with her family 's initials .
Marcus Bleasdale
National Geographic photographer with a focus on human rights conflict .
Below : Women care for vegetable gardens using techniques taught by the Community Markets for Conservation Co-Op .
Sara Farid
Reuters photojournalist based in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Below : A child receives a polio vaccine in an Islamabad slum .
Andreea Campeanu
Reuters photojournalist based in Juba , South Sudan .
Below : Dancers in Juba , South Sudan .
Katie Orlinsky
Contributor to The New York Times , Wall Street Journal and others .
Below : Orlinsky 's work on the New York Times Lens blog .
Robert Clark
Freelance photographer for National Geographic and other publications .
Below : `` An elderly Uyghur [ Chinese ] woman who asked me to come home with her and her family for home cooked meal . After looking at my notes , [ I realized ] she was not that old ... 53 . ''
Maggie Steber
Freelance photographer who has worked for The New York Times , Smithsonian Magazine and others .
Below : A hillside in Haiti .
Ed Kashi
Photojournalist who has contributed to many major news organizations .
Below : Colorful Port-au-Prince homes in a poverty-stricken community .
Donald Weber
Documentary photographer with VII Photo .
Below : `` My preferred method of parking . Anywhere . '' ( In Kosovo . )
Randy Olson
Documentary photographer and frequent contributor to National Geographic .
Below : Gold miners in Ghana .
Ron Haviv
Freelance photojournalist and co-founder of VII Photo , which is dedicated to covering social conflict photography .
Below : Along a South Korean river .
Maciek Nabrdalik
Poland-based freelance documentary photographer .
Below : A contestant in Warsaw 's fourth annual Miss Trans beauty pageant .
Ed Ou
`` Culturally ambiguous '' Getty photojournalist based in Istanbul , Turkey .
Below : An IDF soldier with his phone after detaining Ou for filming .
Damir Sagolj
Reuters photojournalist currently based in Bangkok , Thailand .
Below : World Cup headlines on a Brazilian newspaper .
Wissam Nassar
Middle eastern photojournalist and New York Times contributor based in Gaza .
Below : Damages to Nassar 's car after an Israeli airstrike .
Daniel Berehulak
Getty photojournalist based in New Delhi , India .
Below : A bull in front of the Indian goddess Lakshmi on a crocodile .
Lynsey Addario
New York Times photojournalist with a focus on human rights issues .
Below : `` Flying Easter witches . ''
Glenna Gordon
Documentary photographer and contributor to Time , Le Monde and others .
Below : A hotel lobby in Accra , Ghana .
Kevin Frayer
Getty photojournalist based in Asia .
Below : A woman sunbathing in Beijing , China .
Laura El-Tantawy
Egyptian freelance photojournalist .
Below : A scene in London , UK .
Ivan Kashinsky
Freelance photographer based in Quito , Ecuador .
Below : A girl celebrates her fifth birthday with friends .
Andrew Quilty
Australian freelance photojournalist currently based in northern Iraq .
Below : People swimming in Bamiyan , a province of Afghanistan considered one of the most beautiful .
Michael Christopher Brown
Documentary photographer for Time , National Geographic , and other publications .
Below : A woman in a blue burqa .
Phil Moore
British freelance photojournalist based in Nairobi , Kenya .
Below : Vaccination equipment carried over a bridge in Congo .
Ben Lowy
Getty photojournalist with a focus on conflict areas .
The Los Angeles Lakers had a busy offseason , but their biggest acquisition in free agency as unquestionably shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope . After spending the first four years of his career with the Detroit Pistons , he was unable to come to an agreement on a new contract with them and made the leap to the Lakers on a one-year deal worth $ 18 million .
Caldwell-Pope has cultivated a reputation as one of the best perimeter defenders in the league and his offensive game is perhaps a bit underrated . Unfortunately , he was suspended for the first two games of the 2017-2018 season , which forced him to watch from the sidelines .
After finally making his debut against the New Orleans Pelicans , Caldwell-Pope explained to Tania Ganguli of the Los Angeles Times how it felt to sit out and then finally take the floor with his new teammates :
“ It was kind of hard for me , ” Caldwell-Pope said . “ I wanted to be out there helping my teammates just playing along with them . They pulled out one for me . It just felt good to just be out there . ”
On paper , Caldwell-Pope is an excellent fit next to rookie point guard Lonzo Ball . He can defend the opposing team 's best guard on a nightly basis , which frees up Ball to take on a slightly easier challenge . Given Ball 's lack of experience in the NBA , this could prove to be a crucial benefit for the rookie .
Additionally , on the offensive end , Caldwell-Pope has flashed solid passing skills and court vision . His three-point shot is developing , and he 's good at attacking off the bounce , as evidenced by the 20 points that he put up against the Pelicans in his debut .
Once he gets in-sync with his Lakers teammates , he figures to be an excellent contributor on both ends of the floor , and can hopefully help the team pickup some wins .
Did you ever read an “ article ” on a “ reputable news site ” that was so much like an advertisement that you had to double-check you were n't reading a press release ? Well guess what ? You probably were ! Today James goes over a couple of examples of how Big Pharma and Big Agra ghostwrite articles to disguise PR as news .
CLICK HERE to watch this video on BitChute
CLICK HERE to watch this video on Dtube
CLICK HERE to watch this video on YouTube
SHOW NOTES :
How pharma sales reps help me be a more up-to-date doctor ( archived original )
‘ A blow to [ STAT 's ] credibility ' : MD listed as author of op-ed praising drug reps did n't write it . Ghostwriting/PR influence
How pharma sales reps help me be a more up-to-date doctor ( retracted )
Stat ( website )
Séralini 's Revenge : Monsanto Rocked by New Court Documents
Monsanto Emails Raise Issue of Influencing Research on Roundup Weed Killer
Monsanto Ghostwrote for Henry I. Miller
Filed in : Videos
The pipeline usually transports between 420,000 and 450,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , though it has the potential to ship 600,000 bpd .
Total Iraq exports stand at around two million bpd of crude oil , and all its exports from the north flow through the pipeline to Ceyhan .
Sabotage and contracts
After an 18 month period of calm , oil pipelines became targets again on October 26 and there have been a number of attacks since .
Europe 's largest oil company , Royal Dutch Shell , signed latest oil contract on Sunday
The latest attack comes as new contracts for the exploitation of seven oil fields were awarded to international consortiums in Iraq 's second auction since the US-led invasion in 2003 .
A total of 10 Iraqi oil deals have now been awarded to foreign companies .
The oil ministry said that together these should allow Iraqi oil production to rise to 12 million bpd , from 2.5 million bpd now , a level that would rival the world 's largest oil producer Saudi Arabia .
But the legality of the deals has been questioned .
Iraq 's former oil minister , Issam al-Chalabi , told Al Jazeera on Sunday that the new contracts do not even conform to existing law .
`` Iraq 's current law requires the government to obtain parliament 's endorsement , but the oil ministry continues to offer contracts without referring to parliament .
`` Last year Iraq collected over $ 80 billion in oil revenues , but this has not even leaded to the provision of the simplest services ... services such as water and electricity '' , al-Chalabi said .
Majnoon field deal
Neverthess , a group led by Royal Dutch Shell , Europe 's largest oil company , signed an initial deal on Sunday to develop the supergiant Majnoon oilfield .
Shell , along with Malaysia 's state-run Petronas , won the rights in an energy auction earlier this month for the field , a major oil prize near Iraq 's southern oil hub of Basra . Shell has a 60 per cent stake in the consortium , while Petronas holds 40 per cent .
Mounir Bouaziz , a senior Shell executive , and Abdul-Mahdy al-Ameedi , deputy director of the oil ministry 's licensing office , signed the initial agreement in the Iraqi capital , Baghdad . It must now be sent to the cabinet for approval .
Majnoon has reserves of 12.6 billion barrels , making it one of the world 's largest untapped oilfields .
The Shell group proposed a per-barrel remuneration fee of $ 1.39 , pledging to increase output to 1.8 million bpd from a current production level of 45,900 bpd .
updated version of cabal-debian
To : debian-haskell @ lists.debian.org
Subject : updated version of cabal-debian
From : `` Jeremy Shaw '' < jeremy @ n-heptane.com >
Date : Mon , 23 Mar 2009 21:16:01 -0500
Message-id : < 87tz5jsm1q.wl % jeremy @ n-heptane.com >
Hello , I just pushed a patch to haskell-debian-3 which makes a bunch of updates to cabal-debian . It should be a lot closer to being useful for Debian now . I tested using the latest packages in Debian sid -- not sure if there is an even fresher place I should be looking . I do not actually know of any outstanding issues at the moment , but I have not tested the new changes throughly yet . For simple packages , like zlib and bzlib , the only lintian errors in the generated .debs are due to the fact that 'api ' is lower case instead of upper case in the Description ( which comes from the .cabal file ) . So , if you want to give cabal-debian a shot , now would be a good time . I 'll do a new upload to hackage if things look good . For now , you will need these packages from darcs : darcs get http : //src.seereason.com/ghc610/haskell-unixutils/ darcs get http : //src.seereason.com/ghc610/haskell-extra/ darcs get http : //src.seereason.com/ghc610/haskell-debian-3/ From hackage : HaXml 1.13.3 , QuickCheck 1.2 , zlib , bzlib And I think the rest of the dependencies you can get from sid ( mtl , parallel , etc ) . My recent fixes and updates include : haskell-debian ( 3.31 ) unstable ; urgency=low * update to use newer haskell-devscripts which includes hlibrary.mk * change libghc6- * -doc to haskell- * -doc * move haskell- * -doc to Section : doc * build haskell- * -doc for Architecture 'all ' instead of 'any ' * make ghc6-doc and haddock Build-Depends-Indep * update Standards-Version to 3.8.1 * depend on cdbs and haskell-devscripts instead of haskell-cdbs * only use one space at the beginning of lines in the long description * add $ { misc : Depends on } to Depends on lines -- Jeremy Shaw < jeremy @ seereason.com > Mon , 23 Mar 2009 20:18:41 -0500 We also have some patches to haskell-devscripts , but they are not required for cabal-debian to work . We are in the progress of merging them against the latest haskell-devscripts : - A patch that prevents the generation of less than dependencies so it still tries to build if the dependencies get newer - a patch to handle ^M characters in cabal files - A patch to make it expand # PACKAGE # to the debian package name I think - not sure if I use this feature in the postinst and prerm scripts et al - There is a patch that adds a postinst and a postrm to the haddock package to regenerate the documentation index - jeremy
America has lost its moral bearings ! Recent polls indicate that if Occupy Wall Street ( OWS ) were a candidate for President , it would decisively beat any candidate from either party . 86 % of Americans think that Wall Street and its lobbyists have far too much power in Washington and those Americans are taking to the streets demanding real moral change .
As I have mentioned before ~ there are evolutionary moral juices flowing through the Occupy Wall Street movement and they are social cooperation and altruism versus isolation and greed . A true shift in global consciousness is upon us for the OWS Movement is touching deeply felt evolutionary chords which will eventually break down the global walls of greed , separateness and war and will replace them with altruism , social cooperation and peace ~ the true driving forces of evolution . See my article ~
According to a recent CNN/ORC International poll , only 15 % of Americans asked said that they trust the federal government to do the right thing most of the time ~ and that is because Washington is out of sync with America 's grass roots moral values .
In a Press TV Interview this week I stress that the “ Occupy ” movements are seeking moral changes ~ both economic and political ~ which focus on social cooperation and altruism , not greed . I also stress that America has obviously lost its moral bearings / six-minute video
I also mention the three stages of Occupy Wall Street ;
Occupy and establish a visible presence and present a moral vision . Demand the truth , including 9/11 truth , Fed Reserve transparency , full disclosure of Wall Street fraud and derivative indebtedness . Strike , revolt and demand real change
The first step in regaining our moral bearings is the truth ~ which has yet to be fully revealed to Americans and which accounts for the deep mistrust of not only Wall Street but politicians in general ~ including President Obama . All of whom are obviously in bed with Wall Street and the corporate banking elite .
Have we forgotten the words of Carl Sandburg ?
” For we know when a nation goes down and never comes back , when a society or civilization perishes , one condition may always be found ~ they forgot where they came from . They lost sight of what brought them along . ”
No where is this loss of moral bearings more evident than our illegal preemptive attack and occupation of Iraq , where we set up and implemented a U.S. controlled coalition government , where we stage managed a flawed election and judicial system and where we condoned the brutal hanging of Iraq 's sovereign leader after a mock U.S. managed monkey trial . The recent brutal assassination of Libya 's dictator Muammar Gaddafi , by US backed NATO forces and rebels , is yet another example of our flawed moral vision .
Here 's the collective human cost of this flawed moral vision ~
Number Of Iraqis Slaughtered In US War And Occupation Of Iraq 1,455,590
Number of U.S. Military Personnel Sacrificed ( Officially acknowledged ) In America 's War On Iraq : 4,798
Number Of International Occupation Force Troops Slaughtered In Afghanistan : 2,776
Here 's the financial Cost of War and occupation of Iraq & Afghanistan
Total Cost of Wars Since 2001
$ 1,268,965,662,411
Please Note the wars will cost Americans between $ 3.2 and $ 4 trillion , including medical care and disability for current and future war veterans , according to a new report by the Eisenhower Research Project based at Brown University 's Watson Institute for International Studies .
Obviously , we have lost our moral bearings and focus and that is what 's driving the Occupy Wall Street movement ~ and many others acknowledge this driving collective moral force of a country that wants to redeem itself from its past and continuing moral transgressions .
George Lakoff correctly writes in AlterNet ( How Occupy Wall Street 's Moral Vision Can Beat the Disastrous Conservative Worldview ) that OWS has a progressive moral vision and that they 're protesting the disastrous effects that have come from operating with a conservative moral , economic , and political worldview .
Excerpt : “ It seems to me that the OWS movement is moral in nature , that occupiers want the country to change its moral focus . It is easy to find useful policies ; hundreds have been suggested . It is harder to find a moral focus and stick to it . If the movement is to frame itself , it should be on the basis of its moral focus , not a particular agenda or list of policy demands . If the moral focus of America changes , new people will be elected and the policies will follow . Without a change of moral focus , the conservative worldview that has brought us to the present disastrous and dangerous moment will continue to prevail… . Remember : The Tea Party sees itself as stressing only individual responsibility . The Occupation Movement is stressing both individual and social responsibility. ” See article ~
Former four star general and NATO commander Wesley Clark talks about that disastrous conservative world view and the resultant neocon plan to invade seven countries in five years ~ including an attack on Libya and eventually Iran . He calls it the neocon policy coup of the United States led by Dick Cheney and many others . Remember , there 's nothing moral or humanitarian about dropping bombs under the guise of a humanitarian intervention ~ Video : Eight minute Commonwealth Club Interview / 2007
In summary , OWS is a people 's movement with the moral power to change the world ~ because the need to unite and co-operate is a soul based moral need whereas the need to separate , control and destroy is an ego based immoral need and contrary to human evolution .
As I predicted several months ago , a grassroots people 's freedom movement that started in Egypt will end in America in 2012 when the people demand the moral change they voted for in 2008 and never got with Obama ~ but this time , we will get it by ourselves !
About the Author : Allen L Roland is a Freelance Alternative Press Online columnist . He is also a practicing psychotherapist , author and lecturer who also shares a daily political and social commentary on his web site at AllenRoland.com . He also guest hosts a Truthtalk , a national radio show that airs monthly . He is available for comments , interviews , speaking engagements and private consultations via email at [ email protected ] .
IF DENIZENS of political Washington recall the commotion , way back on February 24th , when President Donald Trump 's press team excluded CNN , the New York Times and others from a White House briefing , most probably shrug at the memory . Editors lodged formal complaints at the time , not least because the snub came hours after Mr Trump told cheering conservative activists that the “ fake news media ” are “ the enemy of the people ” . But there have been many commotions since , and worse snubs .
Yet there are places where that kerfuffle in a White House corridor left a mark . Take Cambodia , the South-East Asian country whose autocratic government charged two ex-reporters in November with “ espionage ” , citing their previous work for Radio Free Asia ( RFA ) , a news outlet funded by the American government . There is a direct connection between the detention of Yeang Sothearin and Uon Chhin , who face up to 15 years in prison , and that moment of early Trumpian bombast . Hun Sen , Cambodia 's prime minister , pounced on the humbling of reporters by the White House , declaring with approval on February 27th that Mr Trump , like him , sees the press causing “ anarchy ” . The gloating did not stop there . Denouncing a CNN report on sex trafficking in Cambodia in August , Mr Hun Sen grumbled that “ President Trump is right : US media is very tricky. ” Cambodian officials expelled the National Democratic Institute , a Washington-based outfit that promotes free and fair elections with funding from the American and other Western governments , and ordered radio stations to stop carrying broadcasts by RFA and the Voice of America .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Escalating the fight , the government accused the main opposition party of being involved in an American-backed plot to overthrow Mr Hun Sen , offering as evidence images of opposition activists meeting diplomats and Senator John McCain of Arizona . Livid at being rebuked by the American embassy in Cambodia , Mr Hun Sen took his complaints to the top . Using a summit of Asian leaders in Manila on November 13th to praise Mr Trump face-to-face , Mr Hun Sen called him “ a great person ” wisely uninterested in human rights . “ I do n't know if you are like me , or I am like you , ” he swooned . He had just one gripe . Mr Trump should “ admonish ” diplomats at the American embassy who were working against his “ great principle ” of non-interference in the politics of foreign lands .
Phnom-enal
A summit photograph of Mr Hun Sen with Mr Trump , thumbs-up , beaming , was hailed by Cambodia 's former foreign minister as proof that it is better to “ meet with the boss ” than talk to “ slaves ” . It was a remarkable moment , and a misjudgment . Mr Hun Sen , along with other despots and autocrats , saw a soulmate in an American president who campaigned by attacking the free press and the judiciary , who threatened to lock up his opponent once elected , who kept secret his tax returns , who suggested that the presidential election might be rigged , and who scorned the idea that his country is a democratic model , growling : “ The world sees how bad the United States is. ” That led the Cambodian leader to a gamble which , from outside the country , seems highly confusing : to try to recruit America 's president as an ally in a purge built around an anti-American conspiracy theory . It failed . On November 16th the White House issued a statement expressing “ grave concern ” after Cambodia 's highest court dissolved the main opposition party , declaring that next year 's elections , on current course , “ will not be legitimate , free or fair ” and warning of “ concrete steps ” in response .
Cambodia 's story is instructive . Mr Trump has flouted norms upheld—at least in theory—by all modern holders of his office . He has scorned the very idea of American exceptionalism , telling Arab and Muslim leaders in Riyadh in May : “ America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens . We are not here to lecture , we are not here to tell other people how to live. ” A forthcoming national-security strategy is set to mark a step back from global leadership , towards a narrower , more zero-sum view of American interests . Nonetheless , some foreign rulers who felt emboldened to repress domestic enemies with impunity have been startled to find that no Trump doctrine reliably protects them .
The Trump White House is far too chaotic , riven by infighting and buffeted by the impulses of the president , to have clear doctrines about democracy promotion , or many other weighty questions of geopolitics , says a senior administration official . A position may earn signs of support from Mr Trump , but “ you can take that to the bank for as long as you are talking to him ” , says the official—before a presidential tweet says the opposite minutes later . Mr Hun Sen 's blunder , the official says , was to project his own absolutism onto America . “ He seems to think that now we have this rich old guy in charge of the United States , [ Mr Trump ] can snap his fingers and everything will change. ” American government is messier than that . With a small country like Cambodia , policy remains broadly set by career foreign service officers ( among them the American ambassador ) , by staff in the National Security Council and by members of Congress sincerely aggrieved by Mr Hun Sen 's assaults on democracy and news outlets . That group includes Mr McCain and his Republican colleagues Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Congressman Ed Royce of California , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
A second telling case may be found in Hungary , a European ally and NATO member state whose increasingly autocratic government greeted Mr Trump 's election with glee , only to overreach in its turn . Relations between President Barack Obama and the Hungarian government led by Viktor Orban were icy , chilled by the passage of laws curbing the independence of the press , the civil service and the courts . They were made worse by official attempts to rehabilitate anti-Semitic Hungarian leaders from the second world war , and by Mr Orban 's admiration for Vladimir Putin 's Russia . At one point in 2014 , the State Department banned six Hungarian officials from entering America on suspicion of corruption—a dramatic step against a NATO ally . One of them tried to sue America 's top diplomat in Budapest for defamation .
Mr Orban is proud of being the first European leader to endorse Mr Trump , says the Hungarian ambassador to Washington , Laszlo Szabo . It is “ very obvious ” that the two leaders share similar views on defending their countries from illegal immigrants , a term which the ambassador uses to cover the vast majority of those who reached Europe during the refugee crisis of 2015 . They also agree on the public 's yearning for strong , sovereign governments that stand up for their national interests with what Mr Szabo calls a “ healthy self-consciousness ” . In April the Hungarian parliament amended a higher-education law in a way that threatened to close down the Central European University ( CEU ) , a graduate institute founded by the Hungarian-American billionaire , George Soros , a bogeyman to conservatives on both sides of the Atlantic . In June Hungary passed a law restricting foreign funding for civil-society groups , again singling out Mr Soros , and triggering legal action by the European Commission in Brussels , which believes the measure may breach EU fundamental rights . If Mr Orban expected to be thanked by the Trump administration or Republicans in Congress for this assault on Mr Soros , he was disappointed .
A bipartisan group of senators , led by Chris Murphy of Connecticut , told Mr Orban that the law against CEU threatens academic freedoms . Hungary forgot that Congress has no desire to encourage despotic attacks on the many American universities with branches overseas . The Trump-era State Department called the law on civil-society groups “ another step away ” from Hungarian commitments to the values of the EU and of NATO . In October the American chargé d'affaires , or acting ambassador to Hungary , David Kostelancik , delivered a blistering speech on press freedoms , decrying the growing dominance of “ pro-government figures ” over the media , who quash articles critical of the government . Treading a delicate path , Mr Kostelancik conceded that “ My president is not shy about criticising the media when he believes reporters get it wrong or show bias , ” but noted that “ in the finest traditions of our free press ” , the targets of Mr Trump 's wrath often point out that “ not every criticism of the government is ‘ fake news'. ” Most pointedly , Mr Kostelancik deplored the “ dangerous ” decision of media outlets linked to the Hungarian government to publish the names of individual journalists deemed “ threats ” to the country .
A former Republican congressman who now works as a lobbyist for the Hungarian government , Connie Mack , supported a handful of members of the House of Representatives as they complained about the chargé d'affaires to Rex Tillerson , the secretary of state . Still , Mr Trump has neither sided with Mr Orban nor yet welcomed him to the Oval Office . Frustrated amid the chandeliered splendour of the Hungarian embassy in Washington , Mr Szabo calls his State Department critics “ old Obama administration technocrats ” who do not speak for Mr Trump . Hungary 's problems do not reach the president , he says . “ Decisions about Hungary are not happening at the levels we would like . ”
Delta force
A third and final case study involves Egypt , a large , important and problematic ally whose strongman leader , Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , has not found the new administration as easy to handle as he seemed to expect . Few modern presidents have pressed Egypt hard on human rights , placing greater emphasis on the stability of the most populous Arab country , and on co-operation with the Egyptian military , intelligence and counter-terrorist services . Relations have been sweetened with tens of billions of dollars in American aid since 1948 , much of it to buy weapons .
Early expectations for Trump administration policy were not high . Mr Trump praised Mr al-Sisi as a “ fantastic guy ” doing a “ fantastic job ” under trying circumstances , even as the State Department was preparing a formal memorandum to Congress accusing Egyptian authorities of arbitrary arrests , detentions , disappearances and reported extrajudicial killings . But in an unprecedented move the State Department froze nearly $ 100m in military and economic aid to Egypt , citing human-rights concerns , a move that a senior figure in the Obama administration applauds and calls “ a significant piece of pain to impose ” . Senators of both parties applied pressure to the State Department , freezing some aid for Egypt on their own initiative .
Mr Trump also secured the release of Aya Hijazi , an American dual national jailed on charges for which the authorities offered no serious evidence , after founding a charity to help street children . Her story caught Mr Trump 's attention—this is crazy , he told aides—and he proudly invited her to the White House after her release . The president , who is often highly interested in whether he , personally , will be given credit for an action , has said nothing in public about the other 60,000 political prisoners thought to languish in Egyptian cells .
A White House official says Mr Trump 's Egypt policy is proof that the president does work to promote human rights , despite his unconventional rhetoric . The approach of President George W. Bush was “ to very publicly endorse this idea of pushing democracy and freedom . You saw the Obama administration very publicly embarrass leaders and say you must address these human rights issues , ” says the official . But thanks to behind-the-scenes pressure , based on strong personal relations , Mr Trump “ gets the results ” . This aide casts the president as a Reagan-like realist , treating radical Islam as something akin to the communism of the age and working with imperfect allies , when necessary , to advance major reforms , notably in Saudi Arabia . “ Look at the speeches that Bush and Obama gave , and nothing changed . ”
Hardline nationalists in the president 's inner circle , notably his senior adviser , Stephen Miller , and colleagues in the Domestic Policy Council , enjoy unusual clout during debates about refugees or UN reform , leaving them locked in what one former official calls “ open warfare ” with NSC staff . Despite this , democracy promotion schemes continue on autopilot in many countries , shielded by multi-year budgets .
How America projects its values has real-world effects , says Steve Pomper , who worked on human rights in the Obama-era NSC and is now at the International Crisis Group . “ It 's a choice : giving people reason to hope if they are languishing in prison , or giving their jailers hope that they can act with impunity. ” Mr Trump 's instincts are causing “ grievous damage , ” concludes a senior administration official . But foreign autocrats are also learning that America 's president does not rule alone . “ The president may scorn checks and balances , ” says the official , “ but we still have them . ”
Northrop Grumman shocked press and analysts this week with a lukewarm response on its US Air Force T-X trainer bid , but the company might be better positioned to lose the competition rather than eat away at its bottom line , says one Washington-based analyst .
It 's possible that Northrop chief executive Wes Bush is looking to hold back a price-aggressive bid by Aerospace Systems management in an effort to protect the company 's operating margins , defense analysts Jim McAleese writes this week . In a 25 January earnings call , Bush announced Northrop was assessing the USAF 's request for proposals , despite the fact that the company has designed an aircraft specifically marketed to the trainer competition .
Northrop 's operating margins held at 11 % , according to the company 's 26 January fourth quarter earnings report . If the USAF trainer competition turns into a price-shootout , as many analysts have speculated , Northrop could damage its tenuous margins .
The Aerospace Systems segment launched an aggressive bid on the USAF 's next-generation bomber , but , unlike the B-21 , the trainer programme does n't represent a must-win for Northrop . As Bush watches the B-21 's programme execution , he might also take a lesson from the exquisite and expensive aircraft programme , according to McAleese .
“ It is also highly-probable that Aerospace Systems ' initial performance on B-21 program-execution , will ultimately determine whether CEO Bush supports the necessary ‘ eye-wateringly-aggressive-pricing ' that will be required to win the $ 16 billion T-X contract award in late 2017 , ” he says . “ If Aerospace Systems is performing poorly on B-21 , then expect CEO Bush to force higher-unit-pricing in T-X best and final offer , even if it results in Northrop being successfully ‘ out-bid ' by another offeror , such as Boeing/Saab or Lockheed . ”
Meanwhile , Raytheon dropped out of the competition this week , following a tiff with its Italian partner , Leonardo . Raytheon will not enter the competition with another partner , but Leonardo did not close the door on the competition .
`` Leonardo is evaluating how to leverage on the strong capabilities and potential of the T-100 , in the best interest of the U.S. Air Force , '' Leonardo says in a 25 January statement .
Update to clarify the context of the FBI release from Katica , the internet researcher who discovered the documents :
( Via Katica ) Please keep in mind that this release was not a Sunday doc dump . It is still not on the FBI Vault site . https : //vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton And the FBI Vault Twitter account has not Tweeted it out . https : //twitter.com/FBIRecordsVault Nor has the FBI released a statement on it . I imagine they are freaking out right about now . I 'm probably on a list for sure now and it is n't for employment . The document was only accessible from my archive.is link . Now that it has been shared a million or more times ( lol ) it is becoming searchable on Google . We have no idea if/when they were going to release it . The FBI has made no mention of the document as of yet either . I do hope that a news site does an article on that aspect of it .
As many of you are aware the FBI mysteriously dumped 300 pages of investigative material in an unusual Sunday evening upload . For the sake of brevity we are calling it “ a release ” .
The timing and content of the FBI release are curious and a few people are attempting to understand what 's going on .
It has taken us a full day to look over the # 5 release and scour it for information . There 's some rather interesting findings .
What follows below may possibly indicate a motive , and might also outline an internal effort within the FBI to push forward : a . ) action by President Obama on behalf of Hillary Clinton , vis-a-vis a pardon ; or , b . ) action by the incoming administration to ensure criminal charges .
Most of the MSM attention , scant though it is , has focused on the last few pages of the latest document release ( pgs 295-299 ) which highlight specific evidence that Hillary Clinton was passing on classified information , via email , to Sidney Blumenthal .
Watch this interview with Lou Dobbs last night and Judge Andrew Napolitano :
In addition to the Sidney Blumenthal angle , the question posed by Lou Dobbs about FBI motive for uploading the documents is a dangling participle remaining from the discussion . However , within the release on Page # 283 there 's an important discovery which may answer that question .
Bear with me , as I try to explain a complex issue .
As outlined by the research group behind the Thompson Timeline , there 's always been a question about a missing “ Seagate Hard drive “ .
March 2009—June 2011 : An external hard drive backs up the data on Clinton 's private server , but it is unclear what happens to it or its replacement . When Clinton 's first server is upgraded with a new server in March 2009 , a Seagate external hard drive is attached to the server to store back-up copies of all of its data . Bryan Pagliano , who manages the server at the time , will later tell the FBI that daily changes are backed up onto the hard drive every day , and a complete back-up is made once a week . As space on the hard drive runs out , backups are deleted on a “ first in , first out ” basis . This continues until June 2011 . That month , Pagliano travels from Washington , DC , where he works in the State Department , and goes to where the server is , in Chappaqua , New York . Pagliano replaces the Seagate external hard drive with a Cisco Network Attached Storage ( NAS ) device , also to store backups of the server . [ … ] It is unclear what becomes of either back-up device or the data they contained . The FBI 's September 2016 final report on the Clinton email investigation will only mention : “ The FBI was unable to forensically determine how frequently the NAS captured backups of the Pagliano Server. ” But the report will also complain about the “ FBI 's inability to recover all server equipment , ” and there will be no mention of any data recovered from either back-up device . [ … ] Also in September 2016 , Justin Cooper , who helped Pagliano manage the server , will be asked about these hard drives at a Congressional hearing . He will say he only heard about them from reading the FBI final report . ( link )
Please re-read that excerpt a few times , or go to the original source to read the full article .
[ Research Note : Not trying to be a conspiracy theorist , but the actual govt link to the FBI report -pdf attached to the information described above in the Thompson Timeline- is now dead ( see here ) . Fortunately , CTH always uploads these sensitive releases to alternate pdf hosting on SCRIBD . So , we are able to go back and look at information independently . ]
“ The Final Report ” – When the original 47 page FBI investigative outline , immediately following the James Comey decision not to prosecute , was released there was a section about hardware retrieved by the FBI only AFTER they initially gained access to the server .
( Page # 7 – FBI Release # 1 Initial Investigative Report )
It should be alarming on it 's own that Clinton Lawyers did n't tell FBI investigators of their volition they held additional email data storage devices . The Clintons ' , through their attorneys , gave the FBI the server in August 2015 – and not any additional data hardware until the FBI forensic investigation discovered there was additional hardware used .
Two months later , when confronted with that FBI forensic discovery , the Clinton 's , again through their lawyers , released more storage hardware . This is where the Seagate Hard Drive comes in .
On page # 5 of the First Investigative FBI report the Seagate Hard Drive is mentioned :
( Page # 5 Link )
However , it should be noted that “ footnote # 58 ” assigned to the Seagate Hard Drive as mentioned , along with all other footnotes in the original FBI final report , IS REDACTED as released .
To summarize so far : The original September FBI final report , used by FBI Director Comey to justify his non finding of illegality , outlined mobile data storage devices -connected to the Clinton email set up- that were not voluntarily turned over to the FBI until evidence of their existence was determined by forensic examination . AND the FBI reporting of those devices was opaquely revealed , with details redacted , in the final report itself .
Now we fast forward to last Sunday 's mysterious 300 page FBI release .
Along with 200+ pages of “ Notice to Preserve Evidence ” documentation , we find numerous pages outlining actual physical evidence retrieved . Within those pages we find the following :
( Page # 283 FBI Investigative Release # 5 )
There it is . The mysterious missing Seagate Hard Drive appears ; along with dozens of more exhibits of computers , servers , lap tops , thumb drives and portable storage devices gathered by the FBI and held as physical evidence .
The FBI has these devices in their custody . They are not “ missing “ .
So why is this important ? Again , remember the original question : “ what 's the motive behind the latest release/upload “ ? …
A reasonable case can be made that internal elements within the FBI are intentionally showing how much evidence there is to support the case against Hillary Clinton . Evidence that was clearly never revealed as part of the original James Comey final public report .
Additionally , the questions expand : Was Comey aware of that evidence ? or was Comey 's determination and decision isolated away from that evidence by internal political elements favorable to the Clintons , who hid -albeit openly- some of the investigative material ?
Continuing : Are there FBI White Hats beaconing to incoming administration ? ….and/or simultaneously notifying FBI Director Comey of additional knowledge they will not allow remaining hidden ? ….and adding to that evidence file they release specific aspects proving Sidney Blumenthal was sent classified information to ensure the latest release can not simply be brushed aside .
If I were a betting person , I 'd say that 's the most likely scenario . If that was n't the motive for this release there would have been no need for redactions -of this specific information- in the original FBI final report .
Essentially , if you connect these now visible dots , this mysterious release # 5 is the story behind the redactions in the original September 2nd Comey final report .
Some may argue an alternate motive might be to force the hand of Obama to grant a pardon for Secretary Clinton . However , in the larger scheme of things that 's a moot point because a pardon implies the presence of guilt .
Accepting the way this has been done , it just does n't look like a release to force the hand of President Obama . Again , this release is not a public records release announced by the FBI . The ‘ forced pardon ' motive/approach could much more easily be undertaken with a simple phone call to a back channel at the White House .
My hunch is , this latest release could be just as much news to FBI Director Comey as it is to us .
Advertisements
How do you explain your job to people who do n't know what eSports or League of Legends is ?
It 's something I have to do often . The simplest way to explain it is : I 'm a full-time commentator ; colloquially in the industry we call ourselves shoutcasters . It 's my job to describe what is happening on-screen to anybody who is watching the game anywhere in the world . So , I have to dilute the information that I 'm being fed from the game , from the players ' decisions , from how the video game plays out , into a story and a narrative that 's easy to understand ; that 's exciting , educational and in the terms of the business and the industry . I 'm also responsible for driving some of the emotion . Yelling and screaming , and really building up the energy when it deserves it .
Full disclosure , I watch a ton of League of Legends and I really enjoy your shoutcasting . Is the energy you bring to each match forced in any way , or is that your natural reaction ?
I 'm naturally as loud as I am in real life as I am on-air , and I have a very , very , very real love for competitive video games and for League of Legends in particular . I 've been playing the game for five and a bit year now , so when I see the best players pulling off some of the most incredible maneuvers , I legitimately jump for joy . I 'm just fortunate enough that that natural expression actually helps me in my day-to-day job .
Shoutcasting is a fairly new career . `` Full-time eSports commentator '' is a job that did n't exist in this form five or 10 years ago . Do you feel like a pioneer ?
`` Pioneer '' is a strong word . The reason I say that is shoutcasting and commentating video games has been around for a very long time . But it 's only in the last five , six years that it 's now growing to be something you can do as a full-time profession -- at least in the Western world . I 'm very fortunate that I got to watch a lot of the people who I considered pioneers , you know , eight , nine , 10 years ago , when these guys were doing it as hobbies -- going to LANs that were organized by big communities , competitive events that were done from people who just loved the game they played . And through watching and learning from some of the older events , and being fortunate enough to then get involved in some of them myself four years ago , led to me getting hired by Riot three years ago . I would say that I 'm fortunate that it 's grown to the point where it 's a full-time position , but by no means would I consider myself a pioneer .
You have roughly 160,000 followers on Twitter . You present to sold-out stadiums and millions of people watch professional League of Legends matches online . Are you famous ? Do you get stopped on the street ?
It 's such a weird question because in some ways , yes . And in some locations and cliques , yes . By definition , there are a lot of people who recognize me and know me . But it 's not something that I would consider like mainstream fame . It 's very exciting because I 've been recognized in grocery stores and I 've been on vacation and people have gone , `` Are you Quickshot ? '' It 's a really cool experience , but it 's still the exception -- it 's not once every three weeks or once a month , that kind of thing . But as the years have rolled on and ... [ I 've ] traveled around the world , I 'm fortunate enough to bump into more people . It 's an exciting time and I guess , in the right circle , you could consider me ... recognizable . Let 's use that one .
This photo really captures the essence of my job . # Worlds in London was fantastic ! Thank you UK for the banter : D pic.twitter.com/ZWS5BeLOBe — Trevor Henry ( @ RiotQuickshot ) October 19 , 2015
Sure , we 'll go with that . When you 're at an event like Worlds , which this year involves championship matches played throughout Europe , how long are your days ? How much work goes into these events ?
You ca n't count the hours , I 'm afraid . It 's tough . What goes into Worlds is a bigger and a more intense version of my regular workweek anyway . To give you a bit of an idea , we 've got a very big production team behind the camera that a lot of people do n't know about . We 've got producers , directors , scriptwriters , graphics guys , video guys , editors , journalists , statisticians -- so our weekly prep and show prep involves touching base with each and every one of them . What story do we feel is the most important ? Which players do we want to look deeper at ? Are there interesting stat trends ? We 've got qualified statisticians breaking down some of the game numbers to give us an even more in-depth understanding of what these guys are doing by the numbers . We 've then got ta prepare graphics to explain some of the stats ; we then got ta decide where in the show we want them , so we talk to the script guys . Then we got ta do rehearsals where we get all the production and the technical directors who have to push the buttons .
`` There 's a whole lot that goes on off-air that leads up to what is a short , one-off broadcast per day . ''
Above all of that , you 've then got personal prep , where I 'll get together with my fellow co-casters and we 'll talk about the things that are important to us . We 've even got things like vocal coaching and improv lessons and some of these value-added things that sort of bring out our personality while simultaneously making us more effective at a full-time job where we are literally required to talk for five , six hours a day . There 's a whole lot that goes on off-air that then leads up to what is , relatively speaking , a short , one-off broadcast per day .
And that 's all that the audience sees -- the final product of you talking in front of a camera . I bet a lot of people assume you just step up and do your thing , simple as that .
There 's actually a lot of people that are unaware of how big the team is or how involved live television -- which is what we 're doing -- really is . It 's one of those things where , if you 're doing your job right , people should n't need to know . If you 're really interested and invested , you want to know how we got some of the numbers or how we do the show ; we 're always happy to share . But it 's always a great feeling when we can put on a seamless broadcast with so many moving parts , that 's so technical , and honestly that 's quite impressive to watch , especially when you 're sitting in the audience and you can feel the energy of the crowd for a well-delivered line and an exciting play .
When you 're casting , how do you view each on-screen champion ? Do you see each character as the in-game champion , the actual pro player or as a chess piece moving around the map ?
I do all three . It 's a great question for many reasons because when I look at a game in particular , there are so many different angles that you can take . During the likes of a pick-and-ban strategy right at the beginning of a match -- where teams have to ban out champions either because they do n't want to deal with them or they want to deny them to their opponents -- to me , that 's a little bit more champion-specific . There are so many technical sides of the game that happen during that phase and it 's very much determined by the spells that they can cast and how they interact . But every now and again , you 'll have the scenario where a player supersedes the value of a champion .
[ Ed . note : Here 's where our conversation gets just a little technical . We 've provided relevant ( and exciting ) videos , plus links to the champions and players Quickshot discusses , if his pitch has piqued your interest . ]
There 's been some really great guys like MadLife , who used to be one of the most incredible Thresh players . When I would see that champion , especially when MadLife was in a tournament like the World Championship , I would then go : Actually it 's no longer Thresh ; now it 's MadLife . Because he is now the golden tier that everybody aspires to be . At this year 's world championship , I start looking at champions like Riven and the European player in the top lane called Huni with Fnatic -- he 's the guy that I think of when I think of Riven . I kind of make these associations when somebody is head-and-shoulders above the rest . And it 's gotten me in trouble a couple of times .
`` In 2011 , I was just a major fan and the idea of working in the scene was n't there . ''
I remember last year , I was shoutcasting a champion named Caitlyn and -- it was Elements who was playing and Tabzz was the guy who was using it , and it was against SK Gaming . And SK 's AD Carry -- his nickname is CandyPanda ; his main champion used to be Caitlyn . There are jokes about him being called CaitlynPanda because it 's all he used to be known for . And I just kind of spaced out for a second and I called him Caitlyn just by accident . So it 's one of these things where I always have to check myself , but only when somebody really supersedes the champion itself do I start saying it 's the player instead of the character in-game .
Over the years , what are the biggest changes that you 've seen in the professional gaming industry ?
The evolution of our broadcast is one of the most impressive things to me . I 've been shoutcasting with the LCS and with the world championship for three years , since 2013 , but I watched 2012 from home . I was a freelancer at the time . In 2011 , I was just a major fan and the idea of working in the scene was n't there . If you just look at year on year , how the broadcasts , the graphic assets , the camera cuts , the interaction with players , the interaction with the stage -- each year , the show iterates on itself and it gets better . So does the regular weekly format ; the world championship format has evolved , so there 's so much change year on year and it 's very exciting to be part of it . It 's never just accepted that this show was good enough and this stage was good enough . After every event , we look back and say , `` How can we do it better ? '' And I think that 's probably one of the most impressive -- because we 're continuing to find ways to make it better for the players and for the fans at home , and even for the guys on the ground who are actually casting the events . We get these incredible tools and stages and sets to work with .
It 's time for # worlds in the round . The crowd is finding their seats ahead of our first semi final . pic.twitter.com/6In8ui4Nmy — Trevor Henry ( @ RiotQuickshot ) October 24 , 2015
Is there anything you would change in the eSports industry in general ?
`` I 'd love to see some growth and education and informed growth coming into the eSports scene because it is still so very , very young . ''
That 's a tough , far-reaching question . If you look at the eSports industry in general , one of the things that I 'd love to see develop and grow in the coming years is the player and the team interaction with professional sponsors and even their own fans , in some ways . Because eSports is still so incredibly young . I think there 's a little room to wiggle when it comes to understanding value , understanding marketing . Hell , even just their own players and their own teams . Some managers could do a lot better at looking after their players . Personally , I 'd love to see some growth and some education and informed growth coming into the eSports scene because it is still so very , very young . Very juvenile , might be a good word .
A little maturity , maybe .
Exactly . And it 's one of those things where it 's the nature of it , right ? Competitive League of Legends has been around for five years . Some of these teams have n't even been around for two years , let alone dealing with sponsorships and contracts and marketing and things like that . So that 's the one area where I 'd say there could be a lot of room for growth and in the right direction : in positive , upward growth .
[ Image credit : Riot Games ]
If you thought the story about Abdullah the Butcher allegedly passing Hepatitis C to other wrestlers was bad , meet Andre Davis . Davis is an Ohio area independent pro wrestler who is HIV positive . Davis has been wrestling bloody matches and many of his former opponents are currently undergoing tests .
The story broke when Andre Davis was charged with second-degree felonious assault today . Davis is alleged to have had unprotected relations with women that were n't aware of his disease . The charge stems from one person in particular , but a report says that there may be more victims .
The story gets scarier when it comes to Davis ' pro wrestling career . Davis , who wrestles as Andre Heart found out he was HIV positive in 2009 yet continued wrestling through 2010 . Dave Meltzer reports that Davis was hired as a referee by the WWE . The WWE at some point withdrew their offer , likely because his tests came back HIV positive . Meltzer also reports that Davis was wrestling bloody matches during that time period . At least five area wrestlers are currently being tested .
Also in Meltzer 's report , “ Area referee Brandon Tolle noted that at least five area wrestlers are being tested because they worked bloody matches with him , and Tolle refereed bloody matches with him . ”
How ironic that this story comes just several weeks after a documentary accuses Abdullah the Butcher of carrying Hepatitis C and passing it to other wrestlers through matches . I received a lot of reaction to the story , most sickened if the allegations were true . Needless to say the pro wrestling world has to be in complete disarray with this story .
I think this is a big wakeup call for independent pro wrestlers . Quite honestly I am surprised that a story like this has n't been reported before . Here is the thing about independent pro wrestling , or should I say just about every wrestling company other than the WWE in America . These companies do n't test anyone , yet there are hundreds if not thousands of matches involving blood every year on the independent pro wrestling scene . At this point you would have to be a fool to get cut or allow your opponent to bleed in a wrestling match in 2011 without prior testing .
Check out the full Camel Clutch Blog Pro Wrestling and MMA store for videos , t-shirts , books , and more .
Hardcore pro wrestling grew big time on the indy wrestling scene when ECW closed in 2001 . Independent promoters took the concept and bastardized it to the point where fans can watch a guy bleed buckets in 2011 and not think anything of it . It would be unfair to lump just independent pro wrestling companies . Blood has been a big part of pro wrestling for the last forty years . How many guys bled buckets throughout the 70s and early 80s on the territories that were never tested for any diseases ? The fact that it took until 2011 for these kinds of stories to be reported is almost unfathomable .
I think it is time for independent pro wrestlers to wake up , band together , and refuse to participate in any more of these bloodbaths . Some wrestling promoters will stop but most will continue as hardcore wrestling is still a viable product to a small crowd of wrestling fans . A $ 150 payday and the adoration of 350 people that wo n't be around to pay your medical bills after the show is over is n't worth the risks associated with such a match . The WWE does testing and unless the independent promoters or state athletic commissions start to do the same , it is time to put a moratorium on bloody hardcore pro wrestling matches .
WWE The Greatest Wrestling Stars of the 80s
WWE WrestleMania 27 DVD
Bloodsport : ECW 's Most Violent Matches DVD
Grab discounted WWE DVDs , merchandise , t -shirts , figures , and more from the WWE Shop on Amazon.com
( Visited 1,798 times , 5 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor-in-chief of the Camel Clutch Blog . Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator/host on television , PPV , and home video . Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998-2009 . Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia . Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business . More Posts - Website Follow Me :
The release of X-Wing™ Wave VII is fast approaching , and its hard-hitting starships and ordnance are destined to make a massive impact . Over the course of our previews , we 've taken a closer look at each of the different starship expansions , and two of the game 's greatest players – World Champions Paul Heaver and Doug Kinney – have ventured to guess at how they may shape the ever-changing metagame .
Today , we continue to explore the ways that Wave VII is likely to steer the larger metagame , as developer Alex Davy hazards a guess at the future of the galaxy 's Scum and Villainy .
Developer Alex Davy on the Wave VII Scum Metagame
Even though the Scum and Villainy faction debuted with a bang in Wave VI , it still started five waves behind the Rebel and Imperial factions . Nonetheless , it has since made a big impact on the game at both the casual and competitive levels . In particular , Autothrusters have been popping up everywhere , renewing interest in arc-dodgers like the TIE interceptor and A-wing , as well as spurring the use of IG-88 's Aggressor , the IG-2000 . We 've also seen a lot of Y-wings with the BTL-A4 Y-wing Title , although a good number of those have been among the game 's Rebels , who have paired the Ion Cannon Turret with the unique Astromech R3-A2 to both stress and ionize enemy ships , setting them up for the kill .
Wave VII continues to push the Scum faction forward , adding more for the Scum than for either of the other factions , and with its release , the Scum and Villainy are going to be on nearly equal footing with the Rebels and Imperials when it comes to the number of ships they have in their arsenal . The YV-666 and Kihraxz fighter add a good dose of resilience and punch to the faction 's existing forces , taking some of the burden off arc-dodging and the need to force synergies through the IG-2000 Title . Part of what that means is that we should see a lot more squad diversity , and we should see a more clearly established Scum identity , one that 's really centered around the illicit upgrade slot and the faction 's other dirty tricks .
Glitterstim
A lot of these starts with Glitterstim . I do n't think it 's overstating the case to say that Glitterstim is a game-changing upgrade . It 's an action-free boost to both offense and defense for a full round , and if you time it correctly , it can swing an entire game in your favor . While it 's a solid choice on just about any ship that can equip an illicit upgrade , it makes the faction 's power players even stronger .
For example , consider what Glitterstim could add to a Boba Fett equipped with Lone Wolf , Tactician , and Engine Upgrade .
This version of Boba Fett is almost half your squad points , but can charge into the very teeth of an enemy squad and emerge relatively unscathed . Even a full TIE swarm will have trouble doing more than chip the paint on his Firespray-31 on the turn he pops Glitterstim since he 'll enjoy the effects of focus and will likely be rerolling one or more dice against every single incoming attack . Additionally , the use of Glitterstim allows Boba Fett to drop the common Recon Specialist in favor of a Tactician to add an element of control to your list and set up for the rounds after the Glitterstim wears off .
You 're also likely to see Glitterstim make a big impact in squads , even when it 's not added to the list 's most expensive ship . This is especially true when you consider how it can boost the efficiency of the overwhelming firepower that Talonbane Cobra brings to the table .
Total Squad Points : 100
In this squad , Moralo Eval is the closest thing to a stationary weapon platform as the game allows , attacking with his Heavy Laser Cannon for four dice in a full 180-degree arc while Palob Godalhi 's Wingman allows him to clear the stress of his Speed `` 0 '' maneuver round after round . Meanwhile , an Outlaw Tech keeps Moralo Eval supplied with tokens , and Palob Godalhi helps Moralo Eval 's shots hit home by stripping enemy ships of their focus and evade tokens , all while using his Ion Cannon Turret to keep them in the danger zone . Finally , Talonbane Cobra adds another threat that ca n't be ignored , flying across the battlefield at a pilot skill value of `` 9 '' and able to unleash attacks of five dice at Range `` 1 . ''
This list presents a triple threat and forces you to make a difficult decision about how best to respond :
Do you try to eliminate the lethal Talonbane Cobra first , allowing Moralo Eval to keep blasting away with his Heavy Laser Cannon even as Palob Godalhi uses your own tokens against you ?
Do you try to hunt down the HWK-290 , leaving the heavy hitters free reign to take their shots ?
Do you try to chew through twelve hit points of YV-666 while Palob Godalhi steals your tokens and Talonbane Cobra is free to prey upon your ships ?
There 's no easy answer , and part of that owes to the added versatility that Wave VII brings to the faction , especially in head-on confrontations . With its 180-degree firing arc , the YV-666 is a powerful tool against the arc-dodgers equipped with Autothrusters , and the Kihraxz fighter – and Talonbane Cobra , particularly – gives the faction a lot more bite in jousts , especially when you can fire first with your high pilot skill , taking out your enemies before they can fire back .
Even more than the Firespray-31 , the YV-666 thrives on cards like Tactician and Outmaneuver that require you to catch enemies in your firing arc . Its solid maneuverability , access to the `` 0 '' maneuver , and its glorious arc mean that the YV-666 offers the Scum access to a new set of tactical possibilities that are wholly their own .
The YV-666 and the Nashtah Pup
However , the YV-666 does n't just stand out for its firing arc . It 's also noteworthy for its resilience , and the Hound 's Tooth Title adds a nice little wrinkle to this by allowing your pilot to `` escape '' the destroyed YV-666 aboard the unique Z-95 Headhunter , the Nashtah Pup . Although it ca n't attack the turn that it deploys and maneuvers away from the front or back of the Hound 's Tooth , it still adds another four total health , between its shields and hull , that pilots such as Prince Xizor can then exploit to their benefit .
Total Squad Points : 100
This list substitutes the Trandoshan Slaver and Hound 's Tooth for three of the Z-95 Headhunters that would normally appear in a classic Prince Xizor swarm . You trade volume of fire for quality of fire , trading three Z-95 Headhunters for a much more powerful ship that can reliably stack focus and target lock and will often dish out four-die attacks at Range `` 1 , '' thanks to its extra-wide primary firing arc . Moreover , as the second-most threatening ship in the list , it will likely draw a lot of fire , and when it 's destroyed , the Nashtah Pup can deploy , meaning you have yet another vessel to which the Dark Prince can shunt his damage ! And as far as Xizor 's ability to shunt damage is concerned , the Trandoshan Slaver is a boon . Even though this ship trades three Binayre Pirates for one Trandoshan Slaver and the Nashtah Pup , you can absorb a total of four more damage than the classic Xizor swarm , thanks to the hefty six hulls and six shields of the YV-666 .
While we 're talking about raw jousting efficiency , it 's not just the YV-666 that stands out in this wave . The Kihraxz fighter is more than formidable en masse , and it 's likely that five Cartel Marauder lists will join lists like eight TIE fighters , eight Z-95 Headhunters , and the fearsome BBBBZ – four Blue Squadron Pilots and one Bandit Squadron Pilot – at the top of the jousting heap .
Outfitting Your Bombers
While the YV-666 and the Kihraxz fighter are both excellent ships , it 's not just the ships from each wave that shake up the game . Upgrades also make a big difference , and there are more upgrade cards in Wave VII than just Glitterstim that are bound to make a impact across the Scum faction . Several of these directly enhance my personal favorite new ship to fly : Emon Azzameen . Equipped with the Andrasta Title , Seismic Charges , Cluster Mines , a Conner Net , and Bombardier , Azzameen is a bomb-dropping wünderkind .
As fun as he is to fly , though , he 's not cheap , weighing in at a total of forty-seven squad points , but Wave VII provides tools for the penny-pincher as well . Adding the Slave I Title and Extra Munitions to your Firespray-31 means you can pack two deadly Proton Bombs aboard Azzameen 's ship for seven points instead of ten .
All told , it 's a thrilling time for the newest faction in X-Wing , and I for one am excited to dive in !
Bombers , Bounty Hunters , and Black Sun Aces
The bombers , bounty hunters , and Black Sun aces of Wave VII are on their way , and before you know it , the metagame will be recoiling from their explosive entrance . How will you utilize the wave 's new ordnance and the YT-666 's 180-degree firing arc ? How will you design your squads to counter the new ships ? Which new pilots and upgrades have most caught your attention ? Is Glitterstim enough to make you go Scum ? Share your thoughts with the other members of the X-Wing community in our community forums . Then , be sure to keep your eyes open for more X-Wing news and announcements !
The European Commission could kill a stalled EU directive on maternity leave under the pretext of “ good legislative management ” , sending alarm bells ringing among women 's rights groups .
The draft maternity leave directive , adopted in first reading by the European Parliament in 2010 , has been stalled in the EU Council of Ministers for almost four years now .
The aim of the draft directive is to strengthen women 's rights by ensuring 20 weeks of fully paid maternity leave across the European Union , and make sure women are protected upon their return to work .
> > Read : Parliament backs 20-week maternity leave
Too many women are still being “ sanctioned ” by their employers for giving birth , figures show . “ Equality bodies across Europe are receiving more and more complaints about it , ” explained Mary Collins , a policy officer at the European Women 's Lobby .
EU countries were supposed to discuss the proposal . But they are not bound by a deadline , allowing them to brush the issue under the carpet .
“ Good legislative management ”
The European Commission seems to have given up the fight and now wants to kill the draft under its REFIT programme aimed at simplifying EU law .
In a communication dated 18 June , the EU executive wrote , “ The Commission considers it good legislative management to withdraw proposals that do not advance in the legislative process [ … ] . These include proposals on [ … ] pregnant workers [ … ] . ”
The sentence has angered the European Women 's Lobby ( EWL ) , which raised the alarm . “ The threat to remove the Maternity Leave Directive from the legislative process is serious and undermines the democratic process of the European Parliament 's adopted position . This negates Europe 's rhetoric on its commitment to gender equality and effective work-life balance for women and men in Europe , ” the EWL 's secretary general , Joanna Maycock was quoted saying .
Juncker to the rescue ?
In a letter to the newly designated EU Commission president , Jean-Claude Juncker , the EWL writes , “ The decision to withdraw this Directive is scandalous as potential and pregnant women workers are being taken hostage but so too are men as the proposed directive also includes provisions on paternity leave . ”
The move is seen by the EWL as another attempt to dismantle women 's rights and gender equality in the EU institutions . “ Rising conservative and religious forces and far right political actors are impacting negatively on women 's rights and are calling into question the very notion of rights – especially sexual and reproductive rights – that were hard fought for by previous generations of women and men , ” the letter reads .
The economic crisis and austerity measures have been “ used as an excuse ” to dismantle gender equality across all member states , argues the EWL 's Mary Collins , citing the example of Slovenia , where women used to enjoy 100 % of their salary while on maternity leave .
This amount has been reduced “ by 90 % or maybe more ” over the last years , she said .
“ This is really when the pay gap starts to kick in . There are many different factors but this is one moment in women 's life when the pay gap begins . The fact that women do n't earn their full salary , and they 're actually being sanctioned for taking time to give birth , recuperate and breastfeed if they wish . ”
The so-called maternity leave directive foresees 20 weeks fully paid maternity leave , protects women from losing their job after they leave , extends these rights to domestic workers and adoptive mothers and includes a two-week fully paid paternity leave .
Not withdrawn
In an emailed response to EURACTIV , Commission 's spokesman Joshua Salsby said that the draft directive “ has not been withdrawn yet ” . “ The European Commission remains committed to help EU citizens , women and men , to better combine work and family life . Naming the proposal on maternity leave as a candidate for withdrawal under the 2014 REFIT exercise does not change that . However this proposal has not been withdrawn yet . ”
Researchers have brought a giant virus dating back to the days of the mammoths and the last Neandertals back to life . Others had resurrected ancient viruses before by reconstructing their genomes from old DNA , but this may be the first time that the ancient virus itself has proved viable : The researchers simply dissolved 32,000-year-old frozen soil from Siberia and mixed in amoebas , known hosts for giant viruses . Researchers studying the microbiology of permafrost collected that soil by drilling into exposed layers of a cliff face . That a giant virus was still able to kill the amoebas after all this time suggests other pathogens can last thousands of years in frozen soil and , as the planet warms , may be let loose . Unlike most viruses , giant viruses are big enough to be seen with a light microscope . Indeed , the first one discovered was initially thought to be a bacterium , with comparable amounts of DNA . Since then , about 10 more have been found , including ones with more DNA than some bacteria , most infecting amoebas only . This new virus , called Pithovirus sibericum , has some characteristics of other giant viruses , but represents a third group of these unusual life forms . It 's the biggest to date , but has about half the DNA of others , researchers report online today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The soil studied was taken from 30 meters below the surface , and the researchers have samples dating back millions of years that they plan to test as well .
See more ScienceShots .
West Ham will not be signing Samuel Eto ' o this summer ( Picture : Getty Images )
West Ham are believed to have pulled out of the race to sign Samuel Eto ' o – after the striker demanded weekly wages of £120,000 .
The east London side is keen to recruit a forward ahead of the new Premier League campaign after record-signing Andy Carroll sustained an ankle injury in The Hammers ' pre-season tour of New Zealand , which will rule him out of the start of the 2014/15 season .
Eto ' o wants to stay in London following his release from Chelsea earlier this summer , and recently held talks with both QPR and West Ham over a potential move .
However , The Mirror have now claimed that The Hammers have backed out of the prospective transfer because the club believe that signing Eto ' o would not be ‘ value for money ' with the side also concerned about the player 's motivation .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The publication states that West Ham will instead turn their attention towards trying to recruit Arsenal 's Joel Campbell or Portugal international Hugo Almeida , who is currently a free agent .
Samuel Eto ' o scored all of his goals for Chelsea last season at Stamford Bridge ( Picture : REUTERS )
Eto ' o scored 12 goals in 35 appearances for Chelsea last term with all of his strikes coming at Stamford Bridge – including a hat-trick against Manchester United .
The striker had been in discussions with QPR about moving to the Loftus Road outfit , but , the club reportedly pulled out of the deal because they were not prepared to meet Eto ' o 's financial demands .
MORE : Liverpool and Manchester United to step up interest in transfer target Marco Reus after Borussia Dortmund identify replacement
Hardcore fans of fighting games love playing it against someone else , either locally or online . But there are gamers out there that would love to play the game at their own pace alone . Hence , why Arcade mode is such an important feature to have aside from a story mode , a practice mode to train and the regular versus mode against the AI . Injustice 2 gets this right with the introduction of the Multiverse mode .
Playing off the DC lore of multiple universes , the Multiverse offers various events that you can partake in a limited time . These worlds only appear either for a few hours or a few days and completing them all will net you a ton of loot . Imagine an Arcade mode with various modifiers or mutators being thrown just for fun and you 'll get it . These events can take a few fights , all labeled in length , difficulty and character level . Some of the modifiers can be silly , like playing at twice the speed , or sometimes annoying , like having random ice projectiles coming from above and a hit will freeze you at place . But still , it makes the tedium of fighting AI over and over again more meaningful .
It does n't work as similar to the first Injustice 's S.T.A.R . Lab mode . Think of the events to something similar offered with Mortal Kombat X 's Test Your Luck mode , but all the enemies and modifiers are given upfront .
If you are seeking for a more traditional experience , there is one world in the Multiverse that does not change in time . The Battle Simulator world houses an event similar to a Survival mode , an Endless mode , and three different lengths of a regular Arcade mode with no modifiers in place . And it really is an Arcade Mode but name , with Braniac being the last boss with more unfair moves , a character-specific ending and a credits roll once you 've completed it .
All of these are rewarded in the same way as the rest of the Multiverse , a three-star scoring threshold that will give you loot boxes for reaching each one , but not repeatable . You do get various currencies if you complete the same event again , and sometimes an extra optional objective ( like land a sweep move five times ) in certain fights will net some credits if it 's completed . There 's also another Multiverse tied to the Guilds system where a small pool of players can band together and participate on harder events , with big rewards .
So if you 're the sort of gamer who rarely goes online in fighting games but wants to keep playing after you 've done with the Story mode , Injustice 2 will keep you busy for a long while .
Stay tuned for more impressions as we work on the full review for Injustice 2 .
Under Construction : The World 's Largest Thermal Solar Plant
Hide caption Workers install a `` heliostat '' — or a device with a mirror that reflects the sun , or in this case the nearby mountains . Background shows assembled heliostats in `` safe '' or resting position . June 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption The boundaries of Solar Fields Two and Three move around existing geological formations protruding above the alluvial slope of Ivanpah Basin . Interstate 15 crosses the distant dry lake bed , and Primm , Nev. , is seen in the distance . June 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Early fencing and ground preparation around a geological formation . April 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Aerial view toward Clark Mountain of groundwork for future power block of Solar Field One . ISEGS , Mojave Desert , Calif. , USA , Jan. 14 , 2011 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Installed heliostats . June 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption The heliostats in Solar Field One run up against an undisturbed desert terrain . June 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Heliostats in Solar Field One and active installation crews . January 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Excavation detail above Solar Field Two . July 2011 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Concentric circles of service roads in Solar Field Three . June 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Detail of service and boundary roads for Solar Field Two . January 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Completed tower for Solar Field One surrounded by thousands of heliostats . Eventually , they will send concentrated solar thermal energy to the top of the tower , superheating water to create steam and drive turbines . October 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Solar Field One before dawn . The field of heliostats has been partially installed around the tower and power block . April 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings
Hide caption Before heliostat installation had begun on Solar Field Three . Interstate 15 and the Primm Valley Gold Club are in the distance to the left . October 2012 . Previous Next Jamey Stillings 1 of 13 i View slideshow
According to photographer Jamey Stillings , the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System ( ISEGS ) will be the `` world 's largest concentrated solar thermal power plant '' when complete at the end of this year . That 's if we want to get all technical .
In plain terms : There 's a huge solar plant under construction in the middle of the Mojave Desert , and Stillings has been documenting the process since the very beginning . Did you know this was happening ? I did n't .
`` What I found along the way is that this is a very complicated issue , '' he says over the phone , as I ask him to explain in simple terms what he 's seen out there .
The core complication is this : Solar power is meant to be a cleaner , more sustainable alternative to our major sources of energy . And yet the construction of a plant of this magnitude means forever altering the natural environment .
`` Every single large-scale solar project has encountered this intersection of trying to accommodate the environmental concerns of conservation , '' says Stillings , `` along with the need of an industry that wants to build renewable energy projects . How do you find that middle ground ? ''
According to his website , Ivanpah Solar will consist of more than 300,000 mirrors directing the sun 's energy toward three towers , `` creating 392 megawatts of electricity , enough to power 140,000 U.S . homes . '' ( Though of course , the exact math can change over the course of construction . )
Some opponents might argue that plants like Ivanpah could be constructed , for example , on land previously stressed by agriculture . Or that it 's sprawling over the home of the desert tortoise , a threatened species , and `` marring '' a relatively untouched landscape .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jamey Stillings
On the other hand , Stillings , says , `` The Ivanpah Solar project has committed $ 56 million toward protection and relocation of the desert tortoise '' as part of its project .
Bottom line , he says , it 's clearly a nuanced and complicated issue .
`` I want the images to raise questions , '' he says . `` I want people to be inspired by something that is ... beautiful and fascinating — the geometry of a man-made structure existing within the organic structure of nature . ... But I also want people to ask themselves the same questions as if we were siting a new subdivision or a new Walmart or a new coal-fire plant . ''
For most of us , the rule of thumb when it comes to our own energy consumption is : out of sight , out of mind .
`` We have lived in a world where our energy sources are invisible . We go to the gas station and liquid comes out and we drive away . We flip a switch and the light comes on , '' Stillings says .
But he thinks that might be changing — at least if there are more solar plants like Ivanpah in the works .
`` We are going to be moving toward a place where we see where our energy comes from : from that field over there . And that 's a change that I think we need to accept as a part of moving toward a more sustainable model , '' he says .
He thinks these photos might help get us there — to that point of energy-awareness . But also , he says , `` I just love looking at this . Looking at the intersection of the hand of man and nature — and what comes of that . And looking at it from the air gives us a perspective that most people do n't get : It puts it into the landscape . ''
His more encompassing , long-term photo essay , Changing Perspectives , documents `` ongoing utility-scale projects in the West with a long-term goal of making it a global study . '' Above all , Stillings hopes to spark conversation . Join ours in the comments .
( Canadian OH & S News ) — Temporary foreign workers in Canada 's agriculture sector frequently face human-rights abuses in their workplaces , according to a new joint report from the United Food and Commercial Workers ( UFCW ) Canada and the Agriculture Workers Alliance .
Published online on Oct. 27 , The Status of Migrant Farm Workers in Canada 2015 explored the vulnerability of the country 's 45,000-plus migrant farmworkers to exploitation and discrimination , due to a lack of legal rights . Dangerous living and working conditions , unpaid work hours and the constant threat of repatriation are among the abuses that these workers deal with ; the report 's introduction compared their situation to that of agriculture workers in the 19th century .
“ While agriculture has evolved into a large-scale , industrial enterprise , those who do the backbreaking work are essentially powerless in the face of a system that often treats agriculture workers more like disposable commodities than human beings , ” UFCW Canada national president Paul Meinema said , as quoted in a press release announcing the report . “ Migrant agriculture workers are more vulnerable than the general Canadian workforce and do some of the most dangerous work there is , yet their legal rights are almost nonexistent . ”
Meinema added that migrant workers on farms risk immediate repatriation for raising concerns about oh & s , the work environment and housing conditions , unless their farms are unionized . But in Ontario , the Labour Relations Act does not permit agriculture workers to form unions , while almost everywhere in Canada , migrant farmworkers are also excluded from employment standards and oh & s regulations .
“ Canada can do better , ” said Meinema . “ Migrant agriculture workers make a vital and tremendous contribution to our community and deserve fairness , safety and the same legal rights as other workers in Canada . ”
The report made 19 recommendations for reform regarding the treatment of migrant agricultural workers , including the following :
— transferable work permits that allow workers to change employers ;
— a transparent appeal process for repatriation cases ;
— frequent and random inspections of workers ' accommodations ;
— all signage , instructions and other written materials to be multilingual ;
— termination from the Temporary Foreign Worker Program of any employer who holds workers ' personal documents ;
— a pathway to permanent residence for all migrant workers ;
— repeals of Quebec 's Bill 8 and Ontario 's Agricultural Employees Protection Act ; and
— amendment of Ontario 's Labour Relations Act to allow farmworkers to unionize .
“ A fairer balance must be struck , ” the report concluded . “ It is a matter of justice and human rights in the face of a current system that perpetuates global exploitation and abuse . ”
The Status of Migrant Farm Workers in Canada 2015 is available for online download at http : //www.ufcw.ca/templates/ufcwcanada/images/directions15/october/1586/MigrantWorkersReport2015_EN_email.pdf .
Mindfulness involves a conscious focus on and awareness of your present state of mind and surroundings , without judgment or reaction . Mindfulness is rooted in Buddhism and was developed in the 1970 's as a therapeutic intervention for stress in adults by Jon Kabat-Zinn , who founded the Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Clinic at the University of Massachusetts Medical School . Over the past several decades , the practice of mindfulness has evolved into a booming billion dollar industry , with growing claims that mindfulness is a panacea for host of maladies including stress , depression , failures of attention , eating disorders , substance abuse , weight gain , and pain .
Not all of these claims , however , are likely to be true . A recent critical evaluation of the adult literature on mindfulness identifies a number of weaknesses in the extant research , including a lack of randomized control groups , small sample sizes , large attrition rates , and inconsistent definitions of mindfulness . Moreover , a systematic review of intervention studies found insufficient evidence for a benefit of mindfulness on attention , mood , sleep , weight control , or substance abuse .
That said , there is empirical evidence that mindfulness offers a moderate benefit for anxiety , depression , and pain , at least in adults . Can mindfulness also be used as an effective tool for mitigating depression and anxiety in teens ? Some research suggests it can , but the research is plagued by the same shortcomings identified in the adult literature ( e.g. , lack of a randomized control group , small sample sizes ) . In an effort to address these limitations , Catherine Johnson , Christine Burke , Sally Brickman , and Tracey Wade conducted a large-scale study including a randomized control group to assess the benefits of mindfulness training in teens .
They evaluated the efficacy of mindfulness training in 308 middle and high school students ( average age 13.6 yrs ) from diverse socio-economic backgrounds . The students were enrolled in 17 different classes across 5 different schools . Students opted in to the study , and were randomly assigned to the control group or the mindfulness training group . Students in the control group received no mindfulness training but instead participated in community projects or received lessons in pastoral care . Students in the mindfulness group completed 8 weeks of training in the .b ( “ Dot be ” ) Mindfulness in Schools curriculum , which is based on the “ gold standard ” Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction ( MBSR ) intervention for adults . The training sessions varied in length from 35 to 60 min and were administered once a week . All mindfulness training was conducted by the same certified instructor . Beyond the weekly training sessions , teens in the mindfulness group were encouraged to practice mindfulness techniques at home and were given manuals to assist in this practice .
All participants were assessed at three different time points : a baseline taken one week before the intervention , a post-test measure taken a week after the sessions were over , and a follow-up assessment administered about 3 months later . The study included measures of anxiety and depression , weight and shape concerns , well-being , emotional dysregulation , self-compassion , and mindfulness . Participants were also asked to report their compliance with home practice , and to provide an evaluation of the intervention . Attrition rates were low ( just 16 percent at follow up ) and comparable for both groups .
Despite the numerous outcome measures employed in the study , there was no evidence of any benefit for the mindfulness group at either the immediate post-test or the follow up . In fact , anxiety was higher at the follow up for males in the mindfulness group relative to males in the control group . The same was true for participants with low baseline depression and low baseline weight concerns ; mindfulness training led to an increase in anxiety in these individuals over time .
The careful design and implementation of this study addressed a number of shortcomings from previous studies , as the authors used a large and diverse multi-site sample , a randomized control group , an age-appropriate mindfulness curriculum , a certified trainer , and a plethora of outcome measures . The fact that this carefully-controlled investigation showed no benefits of mindfulness for any measure , and furthermore indicated an adverse effect for some participants , indicates that mindfulness training is not a universal solution for addressing anxiety or depression in teens , nor does it qualify as a replacement for more traditional psychotherapy or psychopharmacology , at least not as implemented in this school-based paradigm .
Before we reject mindfulness for adolescents altogether , it is important to consider a few limitations of the study . The traditional MBSR training that has been effective in reducing depression and anxiety in adults involves 20 to 26 hours of formal training , including one 6-hour session , 8 weekly 2-hour sessions , and daily 45-min practice sessions at home . By contrast , because the training offered by Johnson and colleagues was adapted to fit the school schedule , the sessions lasted only 35-60 minutes each , for a total of 4.5 – 8 hours of training . Johnson and colleagues also shortened the initial introductory session , which is designed to help participants understand why mindfulness can be beneficial . The participants also reported very low compliance rates with home practice ( 26 percent during the 8-week training period and 13 percent at follow up ) . All of this may well have undercut the potential benefits , and it is possible that a more intensive training intervention , with consistent home practice , could yield better results .
As the parent of any teenager can attest , adolescence can be a bumpy ride . Emotional , psychological , and cognitive maturity do not always keep pace with reproductive and physical development , and so it is not surprising that depression and anxiety tend to emerge during adolescence . In some cases these conditions may become chronic , affecting physical health , social life , and academic success . Effective treatment is thus not only important for addressing teens ' immediate needs for well-being , but also for their long-term outcomes . Universal school-based prevention programs are appealing because they are relatively low-cost and can be administered to a broad range of students during key developmental windows . To many , mindfulness may seem like the perfect candidate for such school-based interventions , as it has been promoted by practitioners , the media , corporations like Google and Target , and even governmental and educational agencies . The findings from Johnson and colleagues join a growing number of studies in suggesting the need for greater scientific rigor in mindfulness research and a more careful analysis of paradigms and procedures : a more mindful approach to mindfulness .
September 28 , 2012
In this 1872 article , Frederick Engels challenged the arguments of the anti-authoritarians of the day with the question of how the exploited majority can hope to impose its will on the exploiting minority if not through asserting their collective authority . This text is republished from the Marxists Internet Archive .
A NUMBER of Socialists have latterly launched a regular crusade against what they call the principle of authority . It suffices to tell them that this or that act is authoritarian for it to be condemned . This summary mode of procedure is being abused to such an extent that it has become necessary to look into the matter somewhat more closely .
Authority , in the sense in which the word is used here , means : the imposition of the will of another upon ours ; on the other hand , authority presupposes subordination . Now , since these two words sound bad , and the relationship which they represent is disagreeable to the subordinated party , the question is to ascertain whether there is any way of dispensing with it , whether -- given the conditions of present-day society -- we could not create another social system , in which this authority would be given no scope any longer , and would consequently have to disappear .
On examining the economic , industrial and agricultural conditions which form the basis of present-day bourgeois society , we find that they tend more and more to replace isolated action by combined action of individuals . Modern industry , with its big factories and mills , where hundreds of workers supervise complicated machines driven by steam , has superseded the small workshops of the separate producers ; the carriages and wagons of the highways have become substituted by railway trains , just as the small schooners and sailing feluccas have been by steamboats . Even agriculture falls increasingly under the dominion of the machine and of steam , which slowly but relentlessly put in the place of the small proprietors big capitalists , who with the aid of hired workers , cultivate vast stretches of land .
Everywhere combined action , the complication of processes dependent upon each other , displaces independent action by individuals . But whoever mentions combined action speaks of organization ; now , is it possible to have organization without authority ?
Supposing a social revolution dethroned the capitalists , who now exercise their authority over the production and circulation of wealth . Supposing , to adopt entirely the point of view of the anti-authoritarians , that the land and the instruments of labor had become the collective property of the workers who use them . Will authority have disappeared , or will it only have changed its form ? Let us see .
Let us take by way of example a cotton spinning mill . The cotton must pass through at least six successive operations before it is reduced to the state of thread , and these operations take place for the most part in different rooms . Furthermore , keeping the machines going requires an engineer to look after the steam engine , mechanics to make the current repairs , and many other laborers whose business it is to transfer the products from one room to another , and so forth . All these workers , men , women and children , are obliged to begin and finish their work at the hours fixed by the authority of the steam , which cares nothing for individual autonomy . The workers must , therefore , first come to an understanding on the hours of work ; and these hours , once they are fixed , must be observed by all , without any exception . Thereafter particular questions arise in each room and at every moment concerning the mode of production , distribution of material , etc. , which must be settled by decision of a delegate placed at the head of each branch of labor or , if possible , by a majority vote , the will of the single individual will always have to subordinate itself , which means that questions are settled in an authoritarian way . The automatic machinery of the big factory is much more despotic than the small capitalists who employ workers ever have been . At least with regard to the hours of work one may write upon the portals of these factories : Lasciate ogni autonomia , voi che entrate ! [ Leave , ye that enter in , all autonomy behind ! ]
Series Marxist Classics In this series , SocialistWorker.org is publishing classic articles , essays and other documents from the Marxist tradition . All articles in this series
If manned , by dint of his knowledge and inventive genius , has subdued the forces of nature , the latter avenge themselves upon him by subjecting him , in so far as he employs them , to a veritable despotism independent of all social organization . Wanting to abolish authority in large-scale industry is tantamount to wanting to abolish industry itself , to destroy the power loom in order to return to the spinning wheel .
Let us take another example -- the railway . Here too the co-operation of an infinite number of individuals is absolutely necessary , and this co-operation must be practiced during precisely fixed hours so that no accidents may happen . Here , too , the first condition of the job is a dominant will that settles all subordinate questions , whether this will is represented by a single delegate or a committee charged with the execution of the resolutions of the majority of persona interested . In either case there is a very pronounced authority . Moreover , what would happen to the first train dispatched if the authority of the railway employees over the Hon . passengers were abolished ?
But the necessity of authority , and of imperious authority at that , will nowhere be found more evident than on board a ship on the high seas . There , in time of danger , the lives of all depend on the instantaneous and absolute obedience of all to the will of one .
When I submitted arguments like these to the most rabid anti-authoritarians , the only answer they were able to give me was the following : Yes , that 's true , but there it is not the case of authority which we confer on our delegates , but of a commission entrusted ! These gentlemen think that when they have changed the names of things they have changed the things themselves . This is how these profound thinkers mock at the whole world .
WE HAVE thus seen that , on the one hand , a certain authority , no matter how delegated , and , on the other hand , a certain subordination , are things which , independently of all social organization , are imposed upon us together with the material conditions under which we produce and make products circulate .
We have seen , besides , that the material conditions of production and circulation inevitably develop with large-scale industry and large-scale agriculture , and increasingly tend to enlarge the scope of this authority . Hence it is absurd to speak of the principle of authority as being absolutely evil , and of the principle of autonomy as being absolutely good . Authority and autonomy are relative things whose spheres vary with the various phases of the development of society . If the autonomists confined themselves to saying that the social organization of the future would restrict authority solely to the limits within which the conditions of production render it inevitable , we could understand each other ; but they are blind to all facts that make the thing necessary and they passionately fight the world .
Why do the anti-authoritarians not confine themselves to crying out against political authority , the state ? All Socialists are agreed that the political state , and with it political authority , will disappear as a result of the coming social revolution , that is , that public functions will lose their political character and will be transformed into the simple administrative functions of watching over the true interests of society . But the anti-authoritarians demand that the political state be abolished at one stroke , even before the social conditions that gave birth to it have been destroyed . They demand that the first act of the social revolution shall be the abolition of authority . Have these gentlemen ever seen a revolution ? A revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles , bayonets and cannon -- authoritarian means , if such there be at all ; and if the victorious party does not want to have fought in vain , it must maintain this rule by means of the terror which its arms inspire in the reactionists . Would the Paris Commune have lasted a single day if it had not made use of this authority of the armed people against the bourgeois ? Should we not , on the contrary , reproach it for not having used it freely enough ?
Therefore , either one of two things : either the anti-authoritarians do n't know what they 're talking about , in which case they are creating nothing but confusion ; or they do know , and in that case they are betraying the movement of the proletariat . In either case they serve the reaction .
Published in 1874 in the Italian Almanacco Republicano . Source : Marx-Engels Reader , New York : W.W. Norton and Co. , second edition , 1978 . Translated by Robert C. Tucker . Transcribed by Mike Lepore .
With US job creation stalling this past June , Americans and businesses around the world are looking everywhere to find the solution to their economic woes . The past few months have been filled with much talk in the media about the high tech sector being an exciting new way to bring in jobs , as six of the top ten valuable brands in 2011 , including Apple , Google , and Microsoft , belong to that sector . Though these types of companies have been receiving a fair amount of buzz , the media has often overlooked one of the greatest possibilities for economic growth : the energy sector .
Seven of the ten largest international companies are from the energy sector , posting revenues in the hundreds of billions of dollars annually . Much of our energy in the United States is imported from abroad , and of these foreign sources of energy , like the Tar Sands in Alberta , Canada , are highly unsustainable . In tandem , these mean two things . First , the energy sources are on a dead-end trajectory , and secondly , the United States will have a difficult time controlling their prices .
Developing disruptive energies is our biggest opportunity for pushing for energy independence . As the energy sector is huge on American and foreign soil , it is our mission as a nation to turn this opportunity into a new industrial power . Jobs come from emerging technologies that are made widely available to the masses . While certainly still very important to our economy , the software and Internet industry has already seen this boom . The industry is of course never static and continually producing new ideas and technologies , but it is a more mature , developed industry .
Jobs are and will continue to be in the emerging energy sector . In May of 2010 , the American Solar Energy Society published a report on green-collar jobs in the United States . Its key conclusions reverberate much of the buzz over clean technologies . More than 9 million jobs in 2007 were in the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries , and this number could increase to up to 37 million jobs by the year 2030 , representing roughly 17 % of expected US employment . Jobs would be present for all sorts of skills and levels of education : engineers , electricians , welders , metalworkers , accountants , environmental scientists , factory workers , and many more .
However , creating more efficient energy is not enough to keep jobs in the United States . Rather , revolutionary energies and technologies that are unique to American innovation will truly bring and retain an optimal amount of both maintenance and high-skilled jobs and resources to the United States . The computer and American software companies would not be where they are today if it were n't for the Space Race in the 1960s . If the US had not invested so heavily in computers and technology , they would have never reached the moon nor would have created the high level of technological sophistication we see today in American software products . The same phenomenon can happen with American disruptive energies .
Related posts :
Climate Desk has launched a new science podcast , Inquiring Minds , cohosted by contributing writer Chris Mooney and neuroscientist and musician Indre Viskontas . To subscribe via iTunes , click here . You can also follow the show on Twitter at @ inquiringshow , and like us on Facebook .
This episode of Inquiring Minds also features a discussion about new developments in science , including research suggesting that political biases are so pervasive that they can interfere with your ability to do math , and mounting evidence of the dangers of head injuries received from playing football .
There are n't many people on Earth who have spent more of their life in space than Marsha Ivins .
A veteran of five Space Shuttle missions — in 1990 , 1992 , 1994 , 1997 , and 2001 — Ivins has spent a total of 55 days in orbit , on missions devoted to such diverse tasks as deploying satellites , conducting scientific research , and docking with Mir and the International Space Station . Her jobs ? Flight engineer , load master , robot arm operator , and photography manager , among other things .
In this interview ( click above to stream audio or watch the video below ) with Inquiring Minds cohost Indre Viskontas , Ivins relates what it 's like to live in orbit — for instance , how your body and brain slowly adapt to the fact that no single direction is up or down . She also discusses some things you might not have known about space : why astronauts tend to be type-A personalities , for instance , and why Canada is so proud of the International Space Station 's robotic arm .
Plus , for the benefit of geeks across the universe , Ivins explains why the Borg cube from Star Trek can maneuver just as well as any starfighter that Hollywood has ever dreamed up . “ In space , they 're one and the same , ” says Ivins .
In the interview , Ivins reflects broadly on where human space endeavors now stand . She discusses why publicly supported space missions are still vital , what it will take to get us to Mars and beyond , and why solving advanced space travel problems ( problems involving energy and propulsion ) might simultaneously help us solve many of our problems on Earth — perhaps including global warming .
The interview comes at a dismaying time for the U.S. space program . Compared with the space race heyday of the 1960s , the percentage of the federal budget devoted to NASA has steadily dwindled . “ We spent 4 and a half percent of the fiscal budget , and we went to the moon , from having never been to space , in nine years , ” says Ivins on the show . “ That 's astounding . And we did that , and the United States was the technological leader of the globe from that point on . Not so much any more. ” Today , the NASA budget is about half a percent of total federal expenditures . As Neil deGrasse Tyson has noted , that means that if you held up a U.S. taxpayer 's dollar , and cut into it that much , “ it does n't even get you into the ink . ”
Moreover , it 's not clear that private space initiatives are the answer to the problem . “ Space exploration is not an immediate payback , fiscally or otherwise , ” Ivins says . “ It is a generational kind of investment . And the only group that can afford to make that kind of investment is a government . ”
Ivins believes there would be dramatic payoffs from large-scale space exploration investments , of the sort that the United States made in the 1960s . That might include developing new sources of renewable energy that would not only be vital for long-range space travel , but could also help solve problems , like global warming , here at home . “ When you develop something , in order to enable something like a space mission to Mars , it 's got enormous payback on the Earth , ” says Ivins .
More generally , Ivins thinks our culture simply needs to fall back in love with space , and what it means that humanity can , if it chooses , go there . “ You are off the planet . Think about those words . ‘ I am off the planet . ' You do n't get to say that [ much ] .
“ And I think 50 years from now , I would hope 20 years from now , it 's not a big deal to be off the planet , any more than it is to be at 30,000 feet in an airplane . ”
The podcast interview with Marsha Ivins is available for audio livestream and also as video . The video is also embedded below .
[ youtube https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? feature=player_embedded & v=UM4mNt3fUkE ]
This story was produced as part of the Climate Desk collaboration .
Swastika display at Sacramento home angers neighbors Homeowner refuses to take display down
Video : Swastika display at Sacramento home angers neighbors
One is made to look like an American flag , but instead of stars , it shows a swastika .
`` This is ridiculous , '' said Rick Reader , who lives nearby . `` Seeing this is ridiculous . That 's crazy . ''
Neighbors told KCRA 3 on Tuesday they have asked the man behind the display to take it down , but he refuses .
`` So , I went over one day and just said , ' ( The swastikas ) kind of cross the line for this neighborhood , ' '' said one neighbor , who did n't want to provide his name . `` He called it his art and got very defensive about it . ''
Others in the area said the display is not art .
`` How do I explain this to my little one ? '' asked Robbie Rose , who lives nearby . `` I am all for freedom of speech , but this is just too much . I really do want to get out of my car and rip that down . But the only reason I do n't ( is ) because I do believe in being a good American , and I do believe in freedom of speech . ''
The house , on Moddison Avenue in Sacramento , also has a statue made out of two-by-fours , and a Palestinian flag displayed .
KCRA 3 tried to ask the man behind the displays what they meant , but he refused to explain .
The president of the Jewish Federation of Sacramento said it 's offensive .
`` There is no more potent ( of ) a symbol of hatred than the swastika , '' said Barry Broad , who was appalled at the display . `` It is a symbol of murder and genocide and tremendous sacrifice to eradicate Nazism from this planet . ''
People who live nearby called police Monday . The police department said officers were sent to the house , but there is nothing they can do .
Alan Stubbs says his comments were `` blow out of proportion ''
Scottish Championship : Rangers v Hibernian Date : Sunday , 23 August Venue : Ibrox Stadium , Glasgow Kick-off : 12:30 BST Coverage : Listen on BBC Radio Scotland ; live text commentary on BBC Sport website
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs insists there 's no spat between himself and Rangers counterpart Mark Warburton .
Stubbs was reported to have said managing is easy when there is lots of money available to spend .
Warburton had responded by saying rival managers should concentrate on their own club .
But Stubbs feels his comments were `` blown out of all proportion '' and added : `` I said it 's easier when you do have funds available . ''
He explained : `` I think there 's been a bit of mischievous journalism , which has played a part in it . It 's not a spat .
`` No job in football is easy , in managing .
Stubbs expects to share a drink with Warburton after Sunday 's game
`` Mark 's done a great job since he came in and he 's brought in some very good players . ''
Hibs visit Rangers in Sunday 's Scottish Championship match , and Stubbs said : `` I 'll shake hands with him ( Warburton ) before the game . I 'll see him after the game , where I 'm hoping he 's going to be giving me a drink - and that 's not alcoholic - and then we 'll have a chat .
`` I 've got no problem whatsoever , Mark knows that . We 've had conversations before . ''
Sunday will be the second meeting of the sides this season after Rangers beat Hibs 6-2 in July 's Challenge Cup tie .
`` We learned a lot from that game and this match is our priority because it 's a league game , '' Stubbs said .
`` It 's going to be a great game no matter what . You 've got two teams who have got aspirations to do really well this season and try and win the league .
Hibs and Rangers will meet for the second time this season
`` And if someone can try and throw a few irons into the fire to try and stir things up , that 's what you 've seen over the last couple of days .
`` The game certainly does n't need added spice because it 's going to be a good game anyway . ''
Stubbs would like to bring in some new players before the transfer window closes on 31 August but does not feel he needs to .
Dylan McGeouch , who spent last season on loan at Hibs from Celtic , has been linked with a return to Easter Road .
`` Anyone would like to strengthen when they have an opportunity to and I 'm no different , '' Stubbs said .
`` We 're always looking for ways to make us stronger on the pitch and we will be actively trying to do that . ''
In a chapter in his new book purporting to explain to `` idiots '' what `` our Founding Fathers really intended , '' Glenn Beck praises an obsolete provision of the U.S. Constitution that prohibited Congress from outlawing the slave trade before 1808 and capped taxes on the slave trade at $ 10 per slave . In his explanation of the provision , Beck does not mention slavery , saying instead that the provision means that the Founders apparently `` felt like there was a value to being able to live here '' and lamenting : `` Not anymore . These days we ca n't ask anything of immigrants -- including that they abide by our laws . ''
Beck claims to provide authoritative explanation of Constitution 's meaning
Beck explains to `` idiots '' what `` our Founding Fathers really intended '' in the Constitution . In the introduction to a chapter titled , `` The U.S. Constitution : Lost in Translation , '' Beck mocks `` idiots '' who do n't share his interpretation of the Constitution :
How many times have you argued with your idiot friends about what 's constitutional and what is n't ? You may even show them the Constitution , but the disagreement continues . That made me think that maybe the problem is that the entire Constitution is written in English -- a language that is very difficult for the average idiot to comprehend . In addition , there are several words in the document longer than three letters , making it a tougher read than the `` Dick and Jane '' books they normally struggle through . What follows is a translation ( from English to Idiot ) of several important parts of the U.S. Constitution , leaving no doubt as to what our Founding Fathers really intended . [ Beck , et . al , Arguing With Idiots , Page 267 ]
Beck praises constitutional provision protecting slave trade
Beck praises `` Migration or Importation '' tax provision in taking cheap shot at `` immigrants . '' In the chapter , Beck reprints and then praises Article I , Section 9 , Clause 1 of the Constitution . Beck specifically highlights in yellow the phrase `` ten dollars for each person '' :
Section 9 . The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit , shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight , but a Tax or duty may be imposed on such Importation , not exceeding ten dollars for each Person . That 's right , the Founders actually put a price tag on coming to this country : $ 10 per person . Apparently they felt like there was a value to being able to live here . Not anymore . These days we ca n't ask anything of immigrants -- including that they abide by our laws . [ Arguing with Idiots , Page 278 ]
Provision Beck praised actually `` barred Congress from ending the international slave trade before 1808 . '' As noted by Yale Law School professor Akhil Reed Amar : `` To make matters worse , despite the new Congress 's general Article I , section 8 power over international commerce , section 9 barred Congress from ending the international slave trade before 1808 . By that time , the Deep South hoped to have enough extra muscle in Congress , based on white migration and slave importation , to thwart any possible antislavery constitutional amendments and perhaps even to weaken any proposed ban on further slave importation . ... [ T ] he 1808 date itself was exempt from constitutional amendment under Article V. '' [ Amar , America 's Constitution : A Biography , Page 91 ]
`` $ 10 per person '' provision Beck praised incentivized slave trade . According to Amar : `` The big money would likely flow [ to the federal government ] -- and after 1789 did in fact flow -- from federal levies on imports , yet these levies fell outside the ambit of the three-fifths clause . Indeed , by capping pre-1808 federal taxes at ten dollars per imported slave , Article I gave slave importers a special twenty-year exemption from the plenary taxation power that Congress would enjoy over all other imports . '' [ Amar , America 's Constitution : A Biography , Page 94 ]
Constitutional Convention delegate recognized that `` $ 10 per person '' provision protected slave trade . According to James Madison 's notes from the 1787 Constitutional Convention , Connecticut delegate Roger Sherman -- who supported the 1808 clause and other efforts by the South to protect slavery in the Constitution -- recognized that the $ 10 tax limit that Beck highlighted prevented Congress from taxing the slave trade out of existence . According to Madison , Sherman `` observed that the smallness of the duty shewed revenue to be the object , not the discouragement of the importation . ''
Later in book , Beck acknowledges the provision he praised protected the slave trade . Later in Arguing with Idiots , Beck writes : `` Article 1 , Section 9 had allowed twenty years of further slave trade , a length of time that many Founders hoped would be sufficient for the South to wean itself from the horrendous practice . But even after the importation of new slaves stopped in 1808 , the South was so dependent upon slavery that it was unwilling to let it go . '' [ Arguing with Idiots , Page 294 ]
BURBANK , Calif. -- For most of last season , Oregon running back Royce Freeman let his play do the talking . In a crowded running back room , Freeman came to the front when it came to his carries and yardage , but not as much when it came to being a leader . That he left to his elders , Byron Marshall and Thomas Tyner .
But by the spring , Oregon coach Mark Helfrich approached Freeman and asked him to have his mouth step up a bit , too .
With the Oregon offense losing two of its best leaders -- Marcus Mariota and Hroniss Grasu -- to the NFL , it was in desperate need of players stepping up and leading .
Freeman , who had only led by example up until that point , made it a priority this spring .
`` I 'm working on that and trying to put an emphasis on that and I 've starting with my running back corps. , and having that leak into the other parts of the offense and the team , '' Freeman said .
But even now ask Freeman how he describes himself as a leader and he 'll say soft spoken or that being vocal is n't his strong suit , but he seems far more comfortable fielding questions from the media than he was a year ago .
And having a quieter leader is n't necessarily a bad thing for Oregon . Several of their best leaders , including Mariota , of late have been quiet and it has served the Ducks incredibly well .
`` That 's something that we 've kind of talked about for a few years now in regard to my leadership and how I can use my voice as an influential tool , '' Mariota said last season . `` For the most part it was me being more assertive . … I really feel that I 've come a long way in that sense . ''
And Helfrich describes Freeman as a leader in the mold of Mariota , someone who had to be pushed in the way of becoming more vocal by understanding that ultimately it would benefit the team .
`` A simple way to communicate it to him or guys like him is ‘ Would our team be better off if more guys were like you ? ' And you kind of go , ‘ Yes , of course , ' `` explained Helfrich . `` So , just trying to facilitate those things and not make it fake . But facilitate positions of leadership for him to be in . We did that , and very pleased with how that 's progressing . ''
The first big sign of Freeman becoming more vocal came last week at the Pac-12 media days as Freeman sat at a table and answered questions from the media for 30-plus minutes .
It 's not that he would n't have done that a year ago if Helfrich had asked him , but it was the ease with which he fielded questions and how comfortable -- even as a sophomore -- he seemed in the spotlight .
Freeman said he remembered watching Mariota and Derrick Malone attend last season and wondered when he might have the opportunity to do something like that . It came sooner than anticipated , but it was great practice for Freeman to become more vocal .
`` I took the opportunity , '' Freeman said . `` I 'm using it as a chance , an opportunity to express my leadership and help my team . ''
And in an offseason that has left the Ducks with more question marks on the offense than they would 've liked going into the season , a positive of Freeman taking on that leadership role certainly does something to ease the minds of Helfrich and the Oregon offensive staff .
`` One of our biggest offseason concerns initially was leadership , '' Helfrich said . `` We lost several leaders on both sides of the ball that were all-time great leader type guys , and really , really pleased about coming out of both winter conditioning and spring football of getting that solidified and very pleased with where that is . ''
Error : Embedded data could not be displayed .
Error : Embedded data could not be displayed .
The Washington Post : Useful-Idiot Shills for a Failed , Frantic Status Quo That Has Lost Control of the Narrative
November 27 , 2016
Do n't you think it fair and reasonable that anyone accusing me of being a shill for Russian propaganda ought to read my ten books in their entirety and identify the sections that support their slanderous accusation ?
I was amused to find my site listed on the now-infamous list of purportedly Russian-controlled propaganda sites cited by The Washington Post . I find it amusing because I invite anyone to search my 3,600-page archive of published material over the past decade ( which includes some guest posts and poems ) and identify a single pro-Russia or pro-Russian foreign policy entry .
If anything , my perspective is pro-US dollar , pro-liberty , pro-open markets , pro-local control , pro-free-press , pro-innovation , and pro-opportunities to rebuild America 's abandoned , decaying localized economies : in other words , the exact opposite of Russian propaganda .
My `` crime '' is a simple one : challenging the ruling elite 's narrative . Labeling all dissent `` enemy propaganda '' is of course the classic first phase of state-sponsored propaganda and the favorite tool of well-paid illiberal apologists for an illiberal regime .
Labeling everyone who dissents or questions the ruling elite 's narrative as tools of an enemy power is classic McCarthy-era witch-hunting , i.e . a broad-brush way of marginalizing and silencing critics with an accusation that is easy to fabricate but difficult to prove .
Such unsupported slander is a classic propaganda technique . It has more in common with Nazi propaganda than with real journalism .
The real useful-idiot shills are the editors and hacks paid by the Washington Post , who are busy penning articles such as `` Why the electoral college should choose Hillary Clinton '' . Is n't this fundamentally a call to over-ride the Constitutional framework of the republic 's democracy ?
In other words , the ruling elite 's candidate lost , so let 's subvert democracy to `` right this terrible wrong '' that was wrought by fed-up debt-serfs .
Substitution is a useful technique to reveal propaganda : if Trump had lost by a thin margin , would the The Washington Post publish an article `` Why the electoral college should choose Donald Trump '' ?
Any site suggesting such an outlandish subversion of American democracy would of course by labeled Russian-controlled propaganda by The Washington Post . In other words , it 's OK for the organs of Imperial Propaganda to call for the subversion of the Constitution , but if someone else dares to do so , you know the drill : they 're labeled a tool of Russian propaganda .
Just as a reminder , this is the status quo / ruling elite 's handiwork The Washington Post shills/propagandists support : a status quo of institutionalized privilege , corruption and systemically soaring wealth and income inequality :
The institutionalized impoverishment of non-elite students :
The institutionalized impoverishment of the bottom 99.9 % :
The institutionalized impoverishment of everyone below the protected technocrat-insider class of shills , apparatchiks and professionals :
This is what The Washington Post is pushing : a parasitic , predatory , exploitive , ruinously corrupt and venal ruling class and its army of apologists/lackeys/factotums .
The fundamental source of the Post 's hysterical accusations is the ruling elite has lost control of the narrative . This is the source of the mainstream media 's angst-tinged hysteria and frantic efforts to marginalize and discredit any dissenting narratives that undermine or question the power of a corrupted , self-serving ruling elite that has failed the nation and its citizens .
This is why Donald Trump was routinely labeled a Russian shill by the mainstream media during the campaign . Regardless of what you think of Trump or Clinton , what can we say about a supposedly responsible media that so cavalierly spews fact-free accusations of foreign control ? This is the height of irresponsible propaganda being passed off as `` journalism . ''
Free speech implicitly carries the responsibility of the reader/listener/viewer to make a critical assessment of the content , its source and its aim : who benefits if we accept the narrative being pushed ?
The delicious irony of The Washington Post 's hysterical campaign to smear dissenters as tools of Russian propaganda is that it only serves to discredit the Post itself . For my part , I invite you to read all ten of my books and make your own critical assessment of the content and answer these questions :
1 . Did you find even a single passage in the thousands of pages that favored Russian policies ?
2 . Did you find any passages that favored domestic resilience and self-reliance , localized economic development , and the promotion of innovations that favored the many rather than the few ?
3 . Do n't you think it fair and reasonable that anyone accusing me of being a shill for Russian propaganda ought to read my ten books in their entirety and identify the sections that support their slanderous accusation ?
If they ca n't support it , then is n't their accusation the very propaganda they claim to be identifying ?
Just as a reminder : here 's my chart of the Ministry of Propaganda ( from 2007 ) :
When Does `` Managed Perception '' Become Reality ? ( May 1 , 2011 )
Join me in seeking solutions by becoming a $ 1/month patron of my work via patreon.com .
My new book is # 8 on Kindle short reads - > politics and social science : Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform ( $ 3.95 Kindle ebook , $ 8.95 print edition ) For more , please visit the book 's website .
NOTE : Contributions/subscriptions are acknowledged in the order received . Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual , company or agency .
Thank you , Dave B . ( $ 10/month ) , for your fabulously generous pledge to this site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
The conclusion of talks between NATO 's leadership on Monday -- discussions that centered on an appropriate exit strategy for Afghanistan -- resulted in little more than the reassertion of financial and military commitments amongst the member nations , as well as solid assurances that the withdrawal process would begin soon . The early headlines from the summit have centered more around the rocky relationship between Pakistan , who was a last minute invitee to the event , and the United States , after the breakdown of talks to re-open a critical supply route that the Pakistanis have shut down since November , rather than on any significant developments or plans of action to fortify the long-term sustainability of Afghanistan as a functioning state .
The risks for Afghanistan falling into an abyss of failure once NATO troops leave in 2014 are high . Hamid Karzai has failed to inspire any confidence in his leadership , as he and his government have constantly demonstrated their ineptness and propensity to succumb to corruption , and NATO troops have failed to eradicate the Taliban thus far . If anything , the Taliban 's sway has grown recently , as US and coalition forces have resigned to engage the Taliban in peace talks , giving up the notion of eliminating the group .
Cultural disparities in the country , which have evolved into rivalries amongst different ethnic groups , further raises the possibility of civil war and outright state failure once coalition troops leave and are no longer able to force cohesion and relative stability through the use of force . As long as such structural concerns go unaddressed , as they currently are , Afghanistan will be in peril .
Afghanistan will have to deal with a host of issues following the pullout in 2014 , of which only a few can be mitigated through the commitment of economic , military , and developmental aid . While such programs are absolutely necessary and critical for the viability of the country , there also needs to be a greater discussion surrounding the structural foundations of the Afghan government . Is the bicameral federal system that the US has instituted for Afghanistan the best way for democracy to prevail in the Islamic Republic ? Or does the current structure need to be modified in order to ensure that minority groups are appropriately represented and do not become a risk to a democracy that is dominated by a single ethnic group ?
Democracy will only work in Afghanistan if there is cultural and ethnic stability in the country . While the Pashtuns make up over 40 % of the population , there are at least a dozen other ethnic groups who have historically been marginalized in the country , and run the risk of being discounted in the future as well . Continued relegation has the propensity to increase violence and instability . Afghanistan only needs to look to its neighbor in Pakistan to see how similar friction between different cultural groups can destabilize a country and contribute to the failure of democracy in general . For all of the institutions that are currently in place , none restrain the larger cultural groups from overshadowing minorities .
What the Afghans need is a system that has been largely successful in inculcating stability for the Indians . India is home to hundreds of different ethnic and religious groups , which , in certain instances , have a history of conflict . But as Alfred Stepan , Juan Linz and Yogendra Yadav argue in their book , Crafting State-Nations : India and Other Multinational Democracies , the Indians have formulated democratic institutions that succeed because of their ability to establish asymmetric federalism -- democracy that allows for minority groups to have more autonomy than would otherwise be the norm .
While Afghanistan 's current democratic structure certainly encapsulates components of this framework , a more concerted effort needs to be made to assess how exactly such a system should be leveraged in Afghanistan to ensure that the country does not go the way of its Pakistani neighbors . As it stands now , there is little evidence to confidently say that it will not .
An analysis of the structure of government should be a centerpiece for any NATO discussion on Afghanistan . As we have seen in Iraq following the withdrawal of US troops , simply pledging dollars and military assistance is far from sufficient . Iraq currently teeters on the edge of chaos and is increasingly close to becoming a nation that is democratic in name only , as the government cracks down on free speech and demonstrations in the country , and violence continues amongst sectarian groups .
Simply instituting a democracy is not enough for the future viability of Afghanistan . There needs to be discussion and increased thought behind what that democracy should look like , and how it can best fit the Afghan model . Without such discussions , NATO , and the world , is setting Afghanistan up for volatility and outright failure .
By : Alvaro Fernandez
Here you are had the twice-a-month newslet­ter with our 10 most pop­u­lar blog posts . Please remem­ber that you can sub­scribe to receive this Newslet­ter by email , sim­ply by sub­mit­ting your email at the top of this page .
Our first Brain Training/ Fit­ness Webi­nar Series was a suc­cess with sev­er­al hun­dred par­tic­i­pants and great feed­back . If you could not par­tic­i­pate , you can still review the pre­sen­ta­tion slides by click­ing Here . A key mes­sage from the series : it is excit­ing that our brains remain more flex­i­ble , at all ages , than was once thought pos­si­ble . The impli­ca­tions ? Every sin­gle own­er of a brain can ben­e­fit from learn­ing more about how to main­tain the “ It ” in “ Use It or Lose It. ” And which tools , if any , can be help­ful . But , remember , there are no mag­ic pills for cog­ni­tive health and per­for­mance .
Mar­ket News
Nation­al Neu­rotech­nol­o­gy Ini­tia­tive : Neu­rotech lead­ers ask for help to sup­port a pend­ing bill on fund­ing for appli­ca­tions of brain research .
Lumos Labs rais­es $ 3 m in ven­ture cap­i­tal : This web­site pro­vides a stim­u­lat­ing user expe­ri­ence at a rea­son­able cost . How­ev­er , there is no clin­i­cal val­i­da­tion show­ing the effi­ca­cy of their spe­cif­ic brain train­ing pro­gram . If you are in the mar­ket for pro­grams than make brain-relat­ed claims , please check out our 10-Ques­tion Eval­u­a­tion Check­list . Click Here .
Report for Brain Fit­ness Cen­ters : We are hap­py to see more orga­ni­za­tions , from retire­ment com­mu­ni­ties to health sys­tems , ben­e­fit from our mar­ket report to nav­i­gate the brain fit­ness field and make bet­ter informed deci­sions .
Research
Exec­u­tive Func­tions , Edu­ca­tion and Alzheimer 's Dis­ease : What we find excit­ing is the grow­ing amount of research show­ing how spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills ( atten­tion , mem­o­ry , etc.… ) can be improved . An impor­tant rea­son why the search for a “ mag­ic pill ” will prove elu­sive is because there is a vari­ety of brain struc­tures and func­tions to care care of , not just one . An area that deserves more atten­tion : our frontal lobes and so-called exec­u­tive func­tions .
Promis­ing Cog­ni­tive Train­ing Stud­ies for ADHD : Dr. David Rabin­er reports the results from two recent sci­en­tif­ic stud­ies high­light­ing that “ cog­ni­tive train­ing inter­ven­tions may pro­vide an impor­tant com­ple­ment to tra­di­tion­al med­ica­tion treat­ment and behav­ior ther­a­py ” to help chil­dren with atten­tion deficits .
Edu­ca­tion
Cog­ni­tive and Emo­tion­al Devel­op­ment Through Play : Enough about “ exer­cise ” and “ train­ing ” . Dr. David Elkind , author of The Pow­er of Play : Learn­ing That Comes Nat­u­ral­ly , dis­cuss­es the need to build a more “ play­ful cul­ture . ”
Health & Well­ness
Phys­i­cal or Men­tal Exer­cise for Brain Health ? : Both are impor­tant . Advice for a couch pota­to : Be Active . For a teenag­er : Do n't Drop Out of School , Go To Col­lege . For a mid­dle age per­son : Make Sure you Have a Stim­u­lat­ing Job . For a retired per­son : Find and Try to Mas­ter New Hob­by Every Few Years .
Pro­fes­sion­al Devel­op­ment
Your Trad­ing Brain : Expert or Novice : Infor­ma­tion is pow­er , yet , how often do we ask our­selves , “ how does my brain work ? ” . Trad­er and neu­ropsy­chol­o­gist Dr. Jan­ice Dorn pro­vides an in-depth dis­cus­sion to help traders make bet­ter deci­sions and be more suc­cess­ful .
Brain Teasers
Brain Games : Spot the Dif­fer­ence . You can exer­cise your brain with­out spend­ing a dime . In fact , you may well already be .
We hope you enjoy this newslet­ter . Please stay tuned for the next one at the end of June . It will include a fas­ci­nat­ing inter­view with Dr. Arthur Kramer on the cog­ni­tive ben­e­fits of phys­i­cal exer­cise and his cut­ting-edge cog­ni­tive train­ing work with the Navy and air con­trollers .
Another Raptors season is over .
It did n't finish up the way anybody associated with the franchise wanted it to , but you could make the case that it was the fifth-best overall year in team history . Out of 22 years , that 's not bad .
Here 's our report card with grades for both the regular season and the playoffs ( in alphabetical order ) :
Bruno Caboclo
Incomplete
Impossible to grade the project 's NBA work because he did n't even play a full game 's worth of minutes in Season 3 . But at least he rallied from a brutal Game 1 of the NBDL Final with a great performance in the finale . There is a bit of hope remaining .
DeMarre Carroll
Regular season : C-
Playoffs : D-
Unfortunately , age and especially injuries have caught up to Carroll . His decent three-point shooting ( 35 % ) and 1.1 steals per game salvage the regular season grade , but Carroll was largely ineffective all year and became all but useless once the post-season came around because he ca n't really move anymore . That 's bad news for the Raptors because he is owed a ton of money over the next two years and there is no “ Robidas Island ” in Raptors-land .
DeMar DeRozan
Regular season : A
Playoffs : C
Turned in by far the best season of his career , upping his advanced stats just about everywhere . Led the NBA in scoring very early on , then carried the team when Kyle Lowry got hurt . Needs to defend better , but maximized his own gifts . Vacillated between solid and historically terrible in the playoffs , but did basically win the series for the team against Milwaukee .
Serge Ibaka
Regular season : B+
Playoffs : C-
Was a perfect fit after being acquired at the trade deadline . Shot the ball at an elite level , protected the rim and adjusted quickly . But Ibaka was a different player against Milwaukee and Cleveland . He had about three good games , the same number of invisible ones and a handful somewhere in between . Everyone expected him to be far more impactful , based on his history and his play from February to early-April .
Cory Joseph
Regular season : C
Playoffs : B+
It was an odd year for Joseph . He briefly lost his backup role due to uninspiring play , especially slipping from 2015-16 defensively , then won it back and filled in for Lowry exceptionally well as the starter . Then he was one of the three or four best Raptors against Milwaukee and especially Cleveland .
Kyle Lowry
Regular season : A
Playoffs : B-
Was once again the club 's most impactful player in terms of advanced metrics . Injury interrupted another potential Third Team All-NBA berth . Was n't the same upon his return , but still shot a decent .462/.342./.820 with nearly a 3:1 assist-to-turnover ratio against Milwaukee and Cleveland , before missing the final two games .
Lucas Nogueira
Regular season : C+
Playoffs : Incomplete
A revelation at times , Nogueira briefly put it all together and played well . He paired with Lowry in pick-and-rolls beautifully and piled up blocks and steals . But he does n't really rebound and is too slight and not as mentally-focussed as he needed to be . Eventually , that put him out of the mix . Next year will be interesting .
Patrick Patterson
Regular season : C+
Playoffs : D
Patterson had a strong first half of the season , shot 37.2 % on three-pointers overall and had his customarily strong plus/minus numbers . But he hurt his knee and did n't do much down the stretch , could n't wrest the starting power forward gig from a rookie and completely disappeared offensively in the playoffs . Only solid defence saved him from a failing grade there .
Jakob Poeltl
Incomplete
Was n't expected to play or contribute much , but rookie centre showed well in spot starts when injuries stuck . He proved he has great instincts on the offensive boards and defensively and his role should be much bigger next season .
Norman Powell
Regular season : C+
Playoffs : A
His game did n't take the leap many expected . Powell filled in as a starter when needed , but his shooting numbers dropped and his defence was n't as effective as it had been . That all changed once April hit . Powell turned the Milwaukee series around and continued to be aggressive against Cleveland . Expect more of the same moving forward .
Pascal Siakam
Incomplete
Rookie had no business making 38 starts , but Raptors needed somebody before Ibaka arrived . Always gave an honest effort and learning experiences will help him significantly . Dominated NBDL competition and earned Finals MVP .
P.J . Tucker
Regular season : A
Playoffs : A
Brought toughness , great defence and shot 40 % on his three-pointers in 24 appearances , four of them starts . That was everything the team expected and more . In the playoffs , Tucker should probably have played more . Even though his shot abandoned him at times , Tucker hit some key threes and was all over LeBron James , who sang his praises after the series .
Jonas Valanciunas
Regular season : C-
Playoffs : C
Valanciunas continues to have a limited role here and we do n't see it changing . He does n't fit well beside DeRozan and defensively he struggles to guard big men who have range . That said , he 's Toronto 's best rebounder and a decent defender when in place at the rim . He also kept the offence afloat at times — especially against the Cavaliers — when everything else got bottled up . A more consistent effort would help him a lot .
Fred VanVleet
Incomplete
Got into 37 games , but mostly in garbage time , so you ca n't assess VanVleet yet . Played some big minutes against Cleveland , which will help down the line . Can shoot and defend , which means he has a long career in front of him .
Delon Wright
Incomplete
Missed much of the regular season due to a shoulder injury suffered at training camp . One of the more intriguing players on the roster , Wright showed he could defend , pass the ball and get in for offensive rebounds . He could be a factor as soon as next season if he locks himself in the gym and works on his jump shot .
rwolstat @ postmedia.com
DISPATCHES FROM THE OFFICE
Do you read articles in the paper ? Columns and that ? I do . One thing that often surprises me is how plausible everyone seems , all the opinion people . I never get the sense that they 're thinking ‘ Gosh , am I going to look a plonker if I publish this ? Will they all be laughing at me ? Will my hidden fears and insecurities be visible ? Will I be naked , before the world ? ' Maybe they do think this , around 3am , but I 'm talking about the vibe , a solid sense that their world is dependable , substantial , normal .
I feel , reading the newspapers , like I'm… what is that dreamlike feeling ? where everyone seems so calm and certain , talking about what 's going on and what must be done and so on while I 'm thinking , ‘ but none of this actually matters ' , or I 'm feeling some vast horrible-wonderful truth is being ignored , or I 'm sensing that nobody believes or even cares about what they 're doing or saying ? What is that feeling… ?
Oh yes , it 's the feeling of being at work . All these writers are at work . I sometimes forget that they 're bored , harried , pressured , compromised to their core , uncomfortable , unable to do what they really want , punished for honesty and so on . Not because they 're good at concealing it , but because those who do well at media work ( like any other work ) , who reach the point where they can speak to thousands and thousands of people , are those that do n't mind this torture . If they did they 'd never even get a letter printed , let alone a regular column .
So here we are , we all go to work — where , of course , we feel like we 're at work — and then we come home or take a break , open a newspaper or turn on the television — in order to feel like we 're at work .
But no , it 's worse than that ; to feel like we 're in the mind of someone who does n't mind being at work !
And nothing seems strange about this . It all blends seamlessly together ; work in the office blends into news from the office ; just as the adverts blend into the news , and Celebrity Big Brother blends into ‘ the wine show ' , and first-person-shooter video games blend into fantastic pornographic tableaux , and the office banter blends into the pub banter ; ‘ I need a holiday to get over my holiday ! ' blends into ‘ someone should write a book about this place ! ' blends into ‘ oh , you know , ca n't complain ! '
Generally something worth hearing sticks out from all this in a way nothing else does .
It sounds implausible .
THE WATCH WATCH WATCH MODE
Remember that thing last year where they thought they caught Jeremy Corbyn pretending to sit on the floor of the train because he could n't get a seat ? Maximum attention . A few days ago Noam Chomsky said that people in swing states should have voted Clinton . Maximum attention . And a bit before that Julian Assange said he thought that some unexpected good could come of Trump 's presidency . Maximum attention . In all three cases critics of the system were presented as having been ‘ outed ' . ‘ Finally ! ' cries the media , ‘ we can see how fraudulent they really are ! '
In each case it was a distortion — Corbyn did n't lie , Chomsky is n't really a Clinton supporter ( although he 's certainly not an anarchist ) and Assange in no sense whatsoever supports Trump — but the point is , even if Corbyn had pulled a crafty PR stunt , or even if Chomsky had , in his dotage , thought , ‘ well , Clinton is n't really so bad ' , or even if Putin had told Assange he could come and live in a Black Sea mansion if he released Clinton 's emails — none of these things would alter the fact that the entire corporate media ( meaning everyone in it ) are hovering over prominent critics like a dog at a rabbit hole , waiting for a slip up .
It 's not just the media who do this of course . Teachers do , lovers , people having arguments ; anyone determined to win sets themselves into the watch watch watch mode , waiting for an idea which by itself , seems inconsistent , ludicrous or out of place . And sooner or later one turns up ; not because people make mistakes ( although we do ) , but because watching as a combatant transforms the flow of speech into a succession of point-free or context-isolated ideas by themselves .
By watching for error , by focusing hawk-like on meaning , by concentrating on coming out on top you automatically generate purely formal communication , comprised not of tone of voice , gesture , nuance , depth , meaning , the whole story and all those other blended imponderables , but solely of isolated and graspable ideas , rational facts and isolated things which , by their isolated and graspable nature , become contradictory ( ‘ you hypocrite — you 're saying this now , but before you said that ' ) , questionable ( ‘ what do you mean love is not an emotion ? / atheism and theism are the same ? / Žižek is right wing ? ' ) , trivial ( as isolated examples always do seem trivial ) or absurd ( ‘ The universe is conscious ! Abolish all laws ! Schools make the children stupid ! ah ha ha ! ' ) .
It is only by isolating reasonable or truthful statements in this way that they can be objectionable . Words , ideas , facts and examples by themselves , removed from the context , from the flow of speech or of time , are always silly , contradictory and besides the point . They are always objectionable — because they are always objects .
Have you noticed your own watch , watch , watch mind in an argument pounce — with perfect rational accuracy — upon a reason to win ( which you later realised was pure illusion ) ? Do you remember why you were so intent , in that moment , upon victory ? Do you remember what you ended up being afraid of admitting , what it really was that was irritating you ? Do you remember how rapidly and expertly your mind worked to dismiss this suppressed reality , to head criticism off at the pass or to justify itself ?
Above all , do you remember how you felt at that hyper-focused point ?
You felt by yourself .
Now imagine having that feeling all the time .
You ‘ re hired !
Stateside 's conversation with Gary Sands , professor emeritus in the Dept . of Urban Studies and Planning at Wayne State University
Over the past several years , the conventional wisdom has been that Detroit is recovering . Every new restaurant , boutique store , or retail chain setting up shop in Detroit is offered as proof .
There 's a major flaw in that assessment .
The focus of recent development has been the city 's central business districts . Meanwhile , the people in the neighborhoods are not sharing in that prosperity . If anything , the plight of Detroit 's long-time residents has been getting worse .
“ You 've got a huge jobs deficit in the neighborhoods , ” said Gary Sands , professor emeritus in the Dept . of Urban Studies and Planning at Wayne State University . “ And when you bring jobs into midtown and downtown , whether it be Quicken Loans or Microsoft or whoever , it does n't do as much good for the people who are in the neighborhoods . ”
Sands is the author a recent article in The Conversation , Detroit 's Recovery : The Glass is Half-Full at Most . It highlights the ways in which Detroit 's neighborhoods are being left behind .
His examination of economic and social trends in the city in recent years reveals that Detroit 's purported recovery has largely benefited people who do n't live in Detroit at all . For example , while jobs for suburbanites who work in Detroit have increased by 16.6 % since 2007 , jobs for Detroit residents have declined by 35.5 % .
“ If you look at data on payrolls and income from employment for Detroit , it 's going up in downtown /midtown , zip codes 48201 and 48226 , ” Sands said . “ But in every other area of the city , the total payrolls are going down . The average wage rate in downtown midtown is perhaps 4 or 5 times what it is in the neighborhoods , and that 's not sustainable . ”
( Subscribe to the Stateside podcast on iTunes , Google Play , or with this RSS link )
In the face of this growing disparity , the development tax breaks that have been proposed ( and granted ) as a way of drawing businesses and jobs to Detroit may not do much to help the city 's long-term residents . In fact , such policies can help to prioritize capital investments over job growth .
“ Every time you invest in a building , or a machine ... you make that more attractive , people use more of that , and consequently less labor , ” Sands said .
That 's a problem because , in Sands 's analysis , any solution to Detroit 's long malaise will require substantial job growth . He estimates a shortage of 100,000 jobs in the city .
Improvements to the city 's public education , greater access to transportation and programs that foster entrepreneurship in the neighborhoods are among the approaches that he suggests to help fill that job gap .
But , as Sands points out , none of those are the types of quick fixes that align with legislative and political cycles .
“ It 's taken six decades to decline to the point where we are today , ” he said . “ It 's not going to be fixed in the next three years . ”
Listen to our full interview with Gary Sands , professor emeritus in the Dept . of Urban Studies and Planning at Wayne State University , above .
Support for the Detroit Journalism Cooperative on Michigan Radio comes from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation , Renaissance Journalism 's Michigan Reporting Initiative , the Ford Foundation and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting .
Daniel Cormier could have his next title fight lined up as early as Thursday when he visits with UFC officials to discuss his rematch with former champion Jon Jones , who was recently reinstated to the promotion .
Cormier won the light heavyweight title in May after Jones was indefinitely suspended following a hit-and-run accident in New Mexico that led to the top-ranked fighter being arrested and facing potential felony charges .
Jones saw his legal woes come to an end in late September after being sentenced to 18 months ' probation . Now that he 's been reinstated , it seems like only a matter of time before he 's confirmed for a second fight against Cormier in 2016 .
Article continues below ...
`` ( The UFC ) respected that I was in such a tough fight with Alexander Gustafsson that they gave me some time , '' Cormier said on `` UFC Tonight '' on Wednesday . `` Tomorrow I 'm actually going out to Vegas with my manager . We 're going to talk to Dana ( White ) and Lorenzo ( Fertitta ) . We 're going to discuss the future whether it 's going to be Jones , what 's it going to be , where 's it going to be . Tomorrow , that 's when we do that . ''
While the title is wrapped around Cormier 's waist , he lost to Jones in January when the two light heavyweights met at UFC 192 . Jones was stripped of his title following his arrest and Cormier went on to defeat Anthony Johnson to win the vacant belt in his absence .
Cormier recently thwarted Gustafsson 's attempt to wrestle the belt away from him and the UFC champion believes whether he held the belt or not , those two wins would have been more than enough to earn a second shot at Jones anyways .
The only difference now : Jones is no longer the champion and Cormier shines his belt everyday in preparation of another title defense .
`` If Jones beat me in January , and he said , ‘ Daniel you have to earn your way back to a rematch ' , I would have fought the two best guys in the division , ( Anthony ) ‘ Rumble ' Johnson and Alexander Gustafsson , to get back there , '' Cormier said . `` If Jones was still the champion , I would have earned that rematch .
`` The thing is , I 'm the champion now and I want to fight him . I am willing to give him a title shot immediately back into the UFC . It 's great for the fans , great for the organization because he is pounded for pound the best fighter in the world . ''
While Ryan Bader still sits waiting for word on his fate with a five-fight win streak in the division , Cormier knows the only name that 's going to end up on the other end of his next bout agreement is Jones .
It 's the fight that makes sense and it 's also a chance to redeem himself after losing to Jones by unanimous decision in their last meeting .
`` We should be fighting , '' Cormier said . `` He 's beaten everybody else — well he beat me , too . I said from the moment we walked out of the Octagon on Jan. 3 , I would like to rematch Jon Jones . The circumstances have changed things now . Now it 's flipped — I 'm the champion , he 's the challenger , but I think once they lock us back inside the Octagon , we 'll make for some good business , we 'll make for some fireworks .
`` I can not wait to fight this guy again . ''
As for the location of the bout , Cormier said just after his win at UFC 192 that the proposed card in April scheduled for Madison Square Garden in New York is the only place he 'd refuse to fight Jones .
While UFC officials are n't even positive the fight can take place there yet due to a statewide ban on mixed martial arts , if the show moves forward , Jones could headline in his home state .
Well , not if Cormier has anything to say about it .
`` I 'm not going to fight him in New York . I 'm not going to give him that comfort , '' Cormier said . `` I want him to be able to fight in a different place , make him face the people that are disappointed for his actions .
`` Obviously , fighting in Madison Square Garden would be a tremendous opportunity for anybody , but under these circumstances , I am the champion . I want to dictate where this fight takes place if we have that option . It would be huge , I wrestled in Madison Square Garden , so I 've done it before . I do n't need to do it again . ''
Ronaldo `` Jacare '' Souza knows exactly who he wants to face in his next bout . The jiu-jitsu ace told Tatame that he will be tuned in the main event of TUF Nations Finale on April 16 :
Michael Bisping and Tim Kennedy are two great athletes . Bisping moves very well and is a dangerous guy . Kennedy is very strong , he has heavy hands and an unusual game . When it looks like he is going to kick , he punches . When it looks like he is going to punch , he kicks . And he also has very good wrestling . I do n't have a pick and no matter who wins , I want to fight the winner to get closer to a title shot . I believe I will be ready to fight again in August and will be the best Jacare that has ever appeared in the Octagon .
Jacare is on a streak of six wins , the last one against Francis Carmont by unanimous decision on last February at UFC Fight Night 36 .
I have had one hell of a year . I have managed to end this year by throwing myself into the drama surrounding the Justice Democrats , but my year started with something entirely different .
I have mentioned , but not been clear about , my ongoing drama with my ex-wife and children . This time last year , on the final day of 2016 I was riding high on hope . I had just broken the silence between my ex and I by showing up uninvited to her home on christmas eve with two bags of christmas gifts for the kids . They were still awake and were so happy to see me that night . By this time last year my ex had reopened communications with me and we had arranged to allow me to see the kids again .
Today I am awaiting a meeting with CAFCASS ( Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service ) who will be meeting with me in the new year to discuss this situation . How did things go so wrong in 365 days ? How did I go from being filled with hope that things could be worked out between my ex and I to being filled with determination to see this fight taken to court and settled once and for all ?
I can not talk about specifics , and I ca n't say anything that would endanger my case , but I can talk about my path this year . That path that I have traveled around the world is somewhere in the neighborhood of 15000 miles in length , by aircraft , car , train , and bus I have been across two continents .
When I look objectively at my year it looks like a very unfunny road trip adventure movie . Parts of it are supremely funny to me , but it is admittedly fairy black humor . So without further ado I would like to recount to you my 2017 , in my own words , with as little sensoring to protect my case as possible . I hope you enjoy it , because for me it is a simple exercise to order my thoughts and justify my actions to myself .
January 2017 – This was a good month . I was reconnected with my children after months of separation . I had just stared a job at Barclays in Colchester . The staff and management of that bank are second to none . I made some true friends there . Everyone was mindful of my PTSD , and they cared about my wellbeing in general . Despite me being a crazy american who came out of nowhere , they accepted me into their lives and helped me as best they could . The management team were always there to support me and help me make sense of my personal life , and the act of working was doing wonders for my mental health .
February 2017 – This was a mixed month . On the side of it being an absolutely awesome month was the fact that my birthday and christmas gifts from my girlfriend took effect this month . She took me to Hawksmoor Seven Dials restaurant . This was my first time I had ever had a Chateaubriand cut of meat , and oh did this change my life . I had gone my entire life thinking that the best beef was the domain of the United States . How wrong I was .
My girl also arranged a secret get away to Amsterdam . I sat by the canals , looked at the Van Gogh museum . This was also my first time tying to treat my PTSD with alternative methods , and again it was a life-changing experience . It was as if my intrusive thoughts were behind a pane of frosted glass . The brains scattered on the concrete were less defined , the dead eyes of the slain were less clear , less disturbing . This enviroment was helping me more than any case of rum ever did . I was so impressed that when I got back to the UK I spoke to my doctor about the experience . I told her that I had done some research on the medical application of my experience in the new age shops and wondered if there were any programs in the UK which were testing this in people with PTSD . She told me there was not , so I tried to get into conventional counseling , and soldiered on .
On the other hand , I had training in London to do with my bank job . I had to take public transport my first time , and I had a major break down on the London Underground . I got out of the station , turned a corner and broke down in tears . I was a sobbing wreck , and luckily my partner was with me . She took care of me , kept on lookers away , and rolled me a cigarette to help focus my attention on something in the present to take me out of my memories .
Between my ex and I things were once again breaking down as well . Arguments started over how much child support I was paying and how often I saw the kids . I tried to make my ex understand that 500£ was all I could afford , and that saturday night into sunday was all I could do to take the children . I had only moved into the house that could accommodate them at the beginning of the month , and I had yet to fully furnish the house to support my five children .
March 2017 – This was a fairly normal month . There was a minor flare up regarding Easter . I had assumed my ex , being a self professed christian , would want the children to be with her for resurrection sunday . I am not a christian , so I figured it would be the right thing to offer my ex my weekend with the children so she could share her faith with the kids on one of the most holy days of the year for christians . This caused a fight that I was unprepared for . It was assumed that this was some kind of plot to not spend time with my kids . I was shocked at this and reacted poorly . I brought up things that I was unhappy with , and I was not always calm and considered when I did so . Over all the drama was minimal , but when I look back the seeds of the coming catastrophe were planted in this month .
April 2017 – This was a stressful month . Email battles between my ex and I revolved around pick up and drop off times , but it quickly turned into accusations of abuse . I have no idea how it happened , and I ca n't go into detail , but it made it to social services who really just shook their heads and told us to get along . Frustration built up and my work started to suffer at the bank . I had no idea what was going to happen next .
May 2017 – This month the battle began in earnest . At the beginning of the month my legal council noticed that my UK visa was predicated on my relationship with my ex , and because we were separated and going into the divorce I needed to renew my visa to be based on being the father of british citizens , my children .
I needed a court order , or a letter from my ex wife stating that I had contact with my children . I hired an immigration lawyer , and got everything in place for an emergency appointment to sort this out before my trip home to the US . The thing was I had never met my my niece who was in and out of hospital , and I had not seen my biological sister in almost a decade . I felt like this might be my only chance to know my niece , as grim as that thought is . I felt like I absolutely had to return home , if only to meet blood kin for the first and last time . I am not saying this thought was rational , but it was my feeling at the time .
I was met with a list . My ex made me a list of demands in order to give me the letter I needed . I agreed to the first list , and she presented another , so I agreed to that , and I was given another list . The high lights of the last list of demands were things like agreeing to changing the kids names , tripling the amount of child support I paid to her , paying spousal support to her , and giving up my legal parental responsibility . Obviously I could not agree to this . I had one last day at the seaside with my kids , told them what was going on as best I could , and kissed them all good bye . This was the 23rd of May . and it was the last time I have seen or spoken to my children .
June 2017 – Start of the Adventure month . I returned to the US on the first . Having failed to secure the letter I needed to renew my visa I had no choice but to leave the country of my own free with so that I would not be legally barred from entry in the future . My partner came with me , and together we got an RV , and drove cross-country . We planned to dig up crystals and I decided I would get a house in Washington state and take this matter to the courts . I managed to get a 160K offer of finance with my VA benefits and I started to dig . I spent time in Maryland with my sister and her family , and I was really happy . Despite everything that had happened I knew I was surrounded by people who loved me and who wanted the best for me .
July 2017 – The month of the bombshell . We decided to spend the 4th of July with my sisters family . We were ready to head back north to continue our digging and I got an email . Included were 5 Deed Poll documents . I could not believe what I was reading . My ex had changed all five of our childrens names , and even changed the first name of one of my children . I knew that a Deed Poll meant nothing with out an associated court order , but the fact that she thought that this was enough to change the kids names scared the hell out of me . Because of the way visas work , I had to spend 90 days outside of the UK before I returned , so I put my house purchase on hold , and threw myself into my mining . I spent 6 weeks sleeping in a tent at Ace of Diamonds mine . Digging all day , eating as cheaply as I could , and saving up for the flight back to the UK .
August 2017 – The month of return . I had spent most of the month in the mountains , but the end of the month I figured that given my situation I could argue my way in to the UK if I need to . I had to get to UK courts to put an end to this , and lucky for me the UK Border Force seemed to be ok with my reason . By the end of the month I was back in my old rented home in the UK , my landlord at Sudburys property management being compassionate people . Even now they have offered to extend my rental agreement on a month by month basis so I can deal with my legal issues . I touched down , slept off the jet lag and got to work .
September 2017 – The month of legal action . I went to work , I could not work for money , I was only on a tourist visa , but I had a box full of semi valuable quartz crystals and lots of time . I set aside 300 dollars and got some silver and started to work with the metal and stone . I educated myself on the law and decided that it was so overwhelmingly on my side in this matter that I felt I could represent myself in court on this issue .
October 2017 – The long month of waiting . I had put things into motion , now all I could do is wait . I have to admit the waiting took a toll on my mental health . I started to have panic attacks about whether or not I was doing the right thing . I started to doubt myself , starting to think maybe my children were better off without me in their lives . After all , I have a mental illness , I am a physically damaged combat vet , what could I offer young children other than a view of a broken man ?
November 2017 – The month of court . I had my day in court , and what a day it was . I can not speak about what happened but everything went my way . I had my partners mother at my side for support and I did everything I could , presented all of my proof and it was accepted . I went away with a path to contact with my children , I just had to wait for the court appointed bureaucracy to act . The month ended with a wonderful thanksgiving dinner cooked for me by my partner , and things were looking up .
December 2017 – The end of an exciting year . Another court date was arranged at a higher level . Again , I can not speak to what happened , but I left thinking I would be speaking to the kids by christmas . This did not happen . Because my ex accused me of being a murder I now have to undergo investigations to assure the courts that I am not in fact a murderer . Sure , I hold myself to account for my part in the deaths of hundreds of people in Afghanistan , but hat was combat , not murder .
I had two major breakdowns in my mental health over the disappointment in not speaking to my kids for christmas . This time of year is hard on everyone with a mental health issue , and for me it resulted in some really disturbing intrusive thoughts . I had visions of me committing suicide in some pretty horrifyingly realistic ways . This put so much pressure on my partner that I had convinced myself that the only way to make her happy was to be gone . Obviously I was wrong , and she brought me around , but she knew that I needed to be working . The metal work had stalled out when I ran out of stones to fit into ear ring studs , but I needed to be active in some way . I needed to keep my mind busy .
So it was with this in mind that I restarted this blog , I got involved with the # ReinstateCenk issue , I wrote an open letter which motivated 1500 people to sign a petition .
This time last year I could not have predicted the court case , the trip to the US and back to the UK , me digging beautiful quartz crystals out of the ground , or me making silver and diamond earrings . I would have called you crazy if you had told me I would be in a position to speak for a large group of people , to be the mouth by which they expressed frustration with the Justice Democrats .
I have so much to be thankful for , so much to be proud of overcoming . I have my work cut out for me in 2018 , but all I can see ahead for me is victory .
Thank you so much for reading my words , you may not know me in person , but the fact that I can look at Reddit , I can look at my stats on this blog and see that I am reaching people all over the world . For now , that is more than enough to keep me on an even keel , and whether you meant it or not , you readers have given me a reason not to do something silly . Because I have people following what I have to say , I feel I have a responsibility to keep going . I can not let my readers down by doing something stupid . I can not fail my children who do need me in their lives , even if it is only by Skype and cards on special occasions . I can be the fairy tail adventuring father , and I have to trust that for them , I will be part of a coming of age adventure where they seek me out and experience a life of digging gems out of mountains .
Here 's to 2018 , which has no choice but to be better than 2017 . Happy New Year everyone , and I hope I can continue to add my voice to the movement for peace and stability for all .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
A Faith-based Horror Film About Pornography : Harmless
This was the official website for the faith-based horror film about pornography , Harmless
Content is from the site 's 2012 archived pages as well as from outside press / review sources .
Movie Trailer 'Harmless '
The trailer for the movie Harmless directed & produced by Rich Praytor distributed by Onslaught Media
What this project is all about ?
Harmless is a feature film shot in the popular found footage style . It 's the story about a husband and father and his battle with a box of porn that is found in the closet . Once opened , the box of porn begins to torment the family , much like a poltergeist . It 's sort of a social commentary on how pornography can destroy a family .
Why are we doing a project like this ?
Because films are not only entertaining but they 're also a way to teach people . Society learns their morals and values through music , film and television . Pornography is such a huge problem that simply telling someone how dangerous it is usually does n't work . You have to tell a compelling story to catch someone 's attention and then educate them while they 're being entertained .
Can I really be a part of the production of the movie ?
Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Through our partner Kickstarter , we are offering many levels of participation on this project . From screening the film and giving feedback all the way to directing one of the scenes in the film .
When will the project be released ?
The first edit of the film is scheduled to be done by August . A private link will then be sent out to those who donated at certain tier levels to watch the film , give creative feedback and suggestions .
We 'll then take all the suggestions and decide on which ones to use . If we use your idea , you 'll be noticed , thanked and given a special award yet to be determined .
How will this movie be distributed ?
Because of our past projects we have extensive relationships with small and large distributors across the globe . Once our distribution is secure , we plan on doing a small theatrical release ( maybe bigger depending on our funding and distribution agreement ) and then a world wide DVD release . As always , we will keep our team members who have donated up to date on the film 's progress .
PRESS
Posted Friday , April 20th , 2012 By MCN Editor editor @ moviecitynews.com Faith Based Horror Film about Pornography Onslaught Media Announces the production of Harmless
Colorado Springs , CO – April 20 , 2012 — Onslaught Media is proud to announce the completion of production of the feature film Harmless . Harmless is horror film shot entirely in Colorado in the popular found footage style . It was produced and directed by Rich Praytor of Onslaught Media .
Harmless is the story of a husband and father and his battle with pornography . He unknowingly releases an entity that begins to torture his family , friends and relationships . Harmless is a social commentary on how pornography can destroy someone 's life . Can you tell a faith-based story with horror ? “ Films are not only entertaining but they 're also a way to teach people. ” Praytor says , “ Society learns their morals and values through music , film and television . Pornography is such a destructive problem . Simply telling someone how dangerous it is usually does n't work . You have to tell a compelling story to catch someone 's attention and then educate them while they 're being entertained. ” One of the challenges Harmless presented was to show the struggle with pornography without using any inappropriate images . Praytor commented , “ We had to be very creative on how we portrayed the pornography in the film . We could n't just show images of magazines and video . We took a page from the Steven Spielberg ' school and did n't show the monster , just eluded to it like in Jaws. ” The production team has launched a Kickstarter campaign where people can pre-order the movie and even give feedback on how the film could be improved .
The Christian Found Footage Horror Movie That Finally Proves Porn Is Anything But Harmless Published May 3 , 2012 By Foywonder / dreadcentral.com/ They were just a loving Christian family until the wife discovered a box of porn in her husband 's closet . But lust wo n't be the only evil that bin of sin sets loose in their happy home in the new Christian found footage horror flick Harmless .
Movieline has helped spread the gospel of Harmless , the Kickstarter-funded horror movie that combines everything you 've come to love about found footage flicks with everything you also love about movies starring Kirk Cameron . Harmless is a feature film shot in the popular found footage style . It 's the story about a husband and father and his battle with a box of porn that is found in the closet . Once opened , the box of porn begins to torment the family , much like a poltergeist . It 's sort of a social commentary on how pornography can destroy a family . Pulses will pound . Bibles will thump . Harmless could prove to be the greatest movie of its ilk since C Me Dance . It 's directed , edited , and filmed by Rich Praytor , who also stars along with Beverly Taylor , London Praytor , Caleb Taylor , and Angela Jefferies . The film is still in production and judging by the artwork is slated for release sometime around Halloween , a holiday I have a feeling the filmmakers probably do n't approve of .
‘ Harmless ' : Faith-based horror film about pornography
The Christian Messenger News Desk - April 25 , 2012
“ Society learns their morals and values through music , film and television . Pornography is such a destructive problem . Simply telling someone how dangerous it is usually does n't work , '' Rich Praytor of Onslaught Media , who produced and directed the film , says . CAN you tell a faith-based story with horror ? Yes , says Rich Praytor . “ Films are not only entertaining but they 're also a way to teach people , ” Rich Praytor of Onslaught Media , who produced and directed the film , says . “ Society learns their morals and values through music , film and television . Pornography is such a destructive problem . Simply telling someone how dangerous it is usually does n't work . You have to tell a compelling story to catch someone 's attention and then educate them while they 're being entertained , ” he adds . One of the challenges ‘ Harmless ' presented was to show the struggle with pornography without using any inappropriate images . Praytor says : “ We had to be very creative on how we portrayed the pornography in the film . We could n't just show images of magazines and video . We took a page from the Steven Spielberg school and did n't show the monster , just alluded to it like in ‘ Jaws'. ” The production team has launched a campaign where people can pre-order the movie and even give feedback on how the film could be improved . The director plans on a limited release to theaters in the fall of 2012 with a worldwide DVD release early next year .
Harmless ( 2012 ) Harmless ( 2012 ) is a found footage horror film where a couple happens upon an old box of pornographic material in a closet . The box contains an evil spirit that is released once opened , reaping havoc on the family .
Christians Made a Horror Film about a Haunted Box of Porn May 30 2012 , 4:00am By Joshua Haddow / www.vice.co We asked the director why he wants us all to stop masturbating . Over the past few years , a Christian called Rich Praytor has been making a found footage-style horror film called Harmless . Harmless is about a loving , honest , God-fearing American family that is infiltrated by a demonic box of porn , which , when opened , unleashes a poltergeist that procedes to haunt the house . The main character ( played by Rich himself ) watches in horror as his home is overcome by the evil spirit , which terrifies his wife and corrupts their eight-year-old son . One of the most hilarious things was the fact that the main character is very short sighted and ca n't really see the porn images until he discovers an online article about everything glasses . After reading he stops by a glasses store and gets his vision checked . Long story short - he gets an appropriate vision corrective lenses and can suddenly see the naked ladies that were previously only a blur . LMASO . But once this happens , he becomes hooked . His wife hides his glasses , but eventually they 're both forced to confront the real problem - Christian values that subvert human nature ! Do you get it yet ? Christians think porn is evil , and now one of them has made a film where they cast the porn literally as a demon to remind everyone that they should be keeping their hands away from their genitals . Once I 'd stopped masturbating to the trailer , I did a little research and , guess what ? It turns out Rich is also a comedian who travels the country telling God-approved zingers to hordes of giggling Christians . You can check out his promo reel here if you like , but if you do n't have time , it 's basically like @ NormalTweetGuy saying things about dinosaurs ( oh , so suddenly they did exist ) and how long women take to shower . ( Why do men complain about this ? Would you rather women walked around smelling like shit ? ) I decided to give Rich a call . I 'm not 12 and have ready access to my own supply of toilet roll and internet , and I wanted to know why he 'd made this condescending film to tell me what I should and should n't be doing to myself . VICE : Hi Rich , it 's Josh from VICE . I get that it can be kinda soul-destroying sometimes , but do you really think porn is a source of evil ?
Rich : Some people agree with it , some people do n't . But in the church , there 's been a lot of cases where people have struggled with it . People do n't understand that families break up over it . It can be an addiction for some people . Have you had any personal experience with porn addiction ?
Yeah , well , my dad… the movie was kind of based on my dad . I found his dirty magazines and videos when I was a kid , about ten or 11 , that was kinda my first experience . It distorted my reality of what sex should be and what sex was . I 'm married now and my sex life is fine , but it 's nothing like you see on a porn tape . So you do n't look at porn any more ?
It was n't like I was looking at it all the time . You would look at it with friends or , you know ... it was weird . Actually that does sound a bit weird .
When I was younger we 'd go to clubs in LA , and a couple of guys would look at porn before we went out just to get hyped to try to meet girls . Do you still masturbate ?
I have n't masturbated in quite a while , if I 'm honest . Was it to porn ?
No , it was in my head . With my imagination . What 's up with the box of porn in the film ? There are n't any naked people on it .
Well , we did n't want someone who was struggling with porn to come see the movie and all of a sudden see naked pictures up there and it is because of us that he has a relapse . I see . So what happens ?
The story at the beginning is that the main character 's father dies , and when they go back to his house with his grandma , there 's this whole box of porn mags that grandpa had from back in the old days . They bring this box home and it falls out of the closet and releases this entity , you know ... That sounds like what happened with your dad , right ?
Yeah , I guess it was an extension of the truth . But the average age a kid sees porn is 11 and he usually sees it from his dad , and he grows up and he passes it on to his own kid . Is that normal , for a dad to show his kids porn ?
Unknowingly . I see . Could the internet stop that ? There 's no box of porn to find now that we 're in `` delete internet browser history '' heaven .
I grew up in the 80s and that 's how it was normally done , you find your dad 's dirty mags . In my house , we have to keep the office door locked . Man , I get scared that one day my kids will just click on an ad and… Even now , I love Katy Perry 's music , but I ca n't have her album covers on my iPhone because she 's naked in half of them and I got ta explain to my kids when they ask “ Why is she naked on a cloud ? ” I 'm like , “ You know what , I do n't know ! ” Did finding your dad 's porn affect you or your family growing up ?
Yeah , sure , I hated my dad because of that . Because I was nine or ten when I first saw it , but I knew it was wrong . I remember my first thought was that my dad was cheating on my mom . I knew he was hiding it from my mom , so I knew it was kind of a secretive and shameful thing . And he had it in the house up till I left for college ! He never knew that I knew , but it did ruin our relationship because it was a real dirty thing . Did you ever confront him later in life ?
I did n't , he passed away in 2003 . I think that was probably the one thing that stood in the way of our relationship . When I was a high school kid , I did n't like him being around or touching me , because I knew he was doing things behind my mom 's back . What do you think about couples that watch porn together ?
If a couple wants to watch that stuff and they 're OK with it , that 's fine ! I would just say you got ta be careful . It 's not something you would be open to , then ?
Growing up in the church it 's so weird , you 're never allowed to watch R or even PG-13 movies . But my wife 's favorite movie is American Pie , she think 's it 's the funniest movie . But that 's got masturbation and boobs in it .
Yeah , I ca n't watch it because there 's all these naked chicks in there ! It 'll distract me too much . Why does it distract you ?
Well , I do n't wan na put images of naked women in my head ! I try to keep a very watchful eye on what I look at with my eyes… It 's funny though , because my wife ca n't watch violent movies . Right .
And I love violent movies ! Are you gon na make more films after this one ?
I 've written a couple of other scripts that are done , but they 're a little bit bigger budget . There 's one called The Waiting Gameabout a guy who 's saving himself for marriage , but he 's saving himself for all the wrong reasons , and there was this other one called Mission Trip to Mexico about these two guys who hop on a church youth group and go to Mexico to find treasure . Ca n't wait , Rich . Thanks for speaking !
No worries !
HarmlessMovie.com
Minister for Arts and Heritage Jimmy Deenihan has welcomed a “ significant partnership ” between the State and the Bank of Ireland to create a new cultural and heritage centre in the old Parliament Building on Dublin 's College Green .
However , it is clear that what is being proposed falls well short of Mr Deenihan 's initial idea that the bank should hand over the entire complex for conversion to cultural use , as part of a plan to transform College Green into something like Rome 's Piazza Navona .
Just over 650 sq metres – less than 10 per cent of the overall floorspace – is to be made available to the State for a 10-year period . The bank will cover the cost of refurbishing and managing the centre , which is to be fitted out and run by Mr Deenihan 's department .
Previously used as office space but currently unoccupied , it will have its own entrance from Westmoreland Street via the old House of Lords portico , which was designed by James Gandon . The House of Lords , with its Williamite tapestries , is already open to the public .
As the 10-year licence coincides with the current “ Decade of Centenaries ” , it is envisaged that exhibitions at the new cultural and heritage centre will focus on key events up to the centenary of the Civil War , which led to the creation of modern Ireland .
An expert committee drawn from the national cultural institutions and other city institutions is to be set up to to advise the Minister on a programme of exhibitions and events at the centre , focusing on the social , economic and political events of the period .
Welcoming Bank of Ireland 's decision to make the space available , Mr Deenihan said he was “ delighted that [ it ] will deliver a public cultural and heritage centre at the heart of the College Green buildings ” and thanked the bank for “ strongly supporting this initiative ” .
Bank of Ireland chief executive Richie Boucher said it recognised its role as “ custodians of the bank 's own history and heritage ” , including the very important role that its College Green building had played in Ireland 's history from the time it was built in 1730 .
Commenting on the impact on Bank of Ireland 's banking operations in College Green , a spokeswoman said that it “ wo n't impact on the day-to-day activities of the branch ” , which the bank has long regarded as its “ flagship ” in Dublin .
She said a planning application would be made “ reasonably soon ” for the new cultural centre , following discussions with the Department of Arts and Heritage on the type of facility required . At present , the space being made available is used only for storage .
In many cultures , it is considered unlucky to spill salt , due to very old superstitions . Fortunately , many cultures also have a solution to the problem , which usually involves throwing a pinch of salt over your shoulder or making a similar offering of salt . The superstitions surrounding salt may seem confusing to modern humans because salt seems so ubiquitous , but knowing that it was once incredibly valuable can change this perspective .
The most basic reason for considering it unlucky to spill salt has to do with its cost . For thousands of years , salt was an extremely rare commodity . It was difficult to extract , and as a result salt was very expensive . Many major trading routes were set up to carry salt , people were paid in salt , and salt was sometimes worth more than its weight in gold . Therefore , spilling salt was considered wasteful , since salt was a precious resource .
Since salt was so highly valued by most humans , it was also associated with friendship and good fortune . Offerings of salt were included in many religious ceremonies , and people might bring salt to a new home for good luck . These associations would have suggested that it would be bad luck to spill salt , since it would seem like a violation of salt 's fortunate properties .
A group of journalists seeking to expose the hypocrisy of California legislators regarding their stance on homelessness filmed a six-minute hidden camera investigation which they later released to the public .
California legislators are currently mulling over a controversial law that would overturn dozens of local ordinances against vagrancy if it were to go into effect . Known as the so-called “ Homeless Person 's Bill of Rights and Fairness Act , ” the measure would enable homeless individuals the right “ to move freely , rest , eat , share , accept , or give food or water , and solicit donations in public spaces . ”
In response to the controversial measure , a group of journalists posing as homeless stragglers secretly filmed themselves hanging out in front of the home of Roger Dickinson , one of the legislators behind the act .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
However , only minutes after arriving in front of Dickinson 's home , the California legislator left his driveway and passed the undercover crew .
The police ( or maybe local security ) arrived a short while later and told the group to move along .
“ We wanted to see how the assemblyman would react if he had homeless people sleeping out in front of his house , ” journalist James O'Keefe told the Daily Caller . “ And what do you know ? They called the cops on us . ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The police officer ( or security guard ) told the crew the Sacramento suburb in which Dickinson lives is n't the proper place to stand around idling .
“ Basically around here , you want to keep it moving because it 's going to draw unwanted attention , ” he said . “ I 'm saying you do n't want to hang out in this neighborhood really . ”
Sources : Daily Caller
undefined
I will make this as simple as possible : In the Heart of the Sea should never have opened in the middle of the Oscar season . The Ron Howard seafaring adventure was originally supposed to open in March of this year before be moved to this weekend . At the time , there was probably some hope that the Chris Hemsworth tragedy was `` Oscar good , '' and that the combination of overseas-friendly subject matter , a marquee star , and a much-respected filmmaker would do the trick . But the film merely ended up with `` okay '' reviews , Chris Hemsworth is not an opener , and the media became utterly consumed by Star Wars talk and other actual Oscar contenders .
In March or April of this year , In the Heart of the Sea may have been a bigger deal . But this weekend , it was just the movie that no one cared about just before Star Wars . In the Heart of the Sea , which is pretty good and looks spectacular on a giant movie screen , opened with $ 3.78 million on Friday , including $ 575k in Thursday previews . That tracks for around $ 10.5m for the weekend . Now for a $ 100m period piece adventure that did n't exactly crush it overseas last weekend ( $ 18.5m in 38 territories ) , that 's not promising . The only reason I 'm not ready to write it off entirely is because this is December and I 've seen miracles in December for movies just like this .
Now maybe I 've wrong , and it 'll get swept to sea by Star Wars and the rest of the Christmas releases , but I 'd rather err on the side of delusional hope than prematurely declaring time of death . But regarding opening weekend might , this was more proof that Chris Hemsworth is not an `` open your movie '' movie star in any real sense , and that if anything The Huntsman : Winter 's War will depend on Jessica Chastain , Emily Blunt , and Charlize Theron to make the sale next April . That the film so heavily sold the whole `` based on the true story that inspired Moby Dick '' probably did n't help . Kids of all ages probably remember being forced to read that long , musty old tome back in school and/or tracking down Cliff Notes ( or watching one of the many movie versions ) to avoid said fate . Now the film `` only '' cost $ 100 million to produce , so this is n't a
Now the film `` only '' cost $ 100 million to produce , so this is n't a John Carter/Pan type disaster yet . But it 's another tragedy for Warner Bros./Time Warner Inc. in a 2015 that was a lot of bad news with some super-duper good news tucked in the corners , but that 's a conversation for after Point Break opens on Christmas Day . Anyway , if the film plays like a standard release it 's sunk at $ 30- $ 35m domestic . But if it gets some December legs ( and holds on to auditoriums ) it has a shot at a 5x multiplier and a $ 50m+ total . That 's still a wash in the end , but $ 50m is better than $ 30m . If you 're the kind of person who complains about the kind of movies they do n't make anymore , you might want to find a colossal screen and check this one out while you can .
The only other release of note was the smashingly awesome limited debut of The Big Short . The Adam McKay dramedy about the run-up to the 2008 financial collapse earned solid reviews and boasted impressive star power in the form of Ryan Gosling , Steve Carell , Christian Bale , and Brad Pitt among others . Putting a star-studded `` mainstream '' film like this in the arthouse circuit gets you the best of both worlds regarding moviegoing audience demos , so it 's no surprise that the eight theaters showing this one lit up like Christmas .
Anyway , the Paramount/Viacom Inc. release , which was tossed into the Oscar season at the last minute , earned around $ 215,000 on its first day . If it holds up throughout the weekend , we 're looking at a $ 610k weekend and a massive $ 76.25k per-screen-average , the second biggest of the year behind the $ 130k four-screen debut of Steve Jobs .
Of course , the question is whether it plays more like Steve Jobs or more like Sicario ( or better yet , Into the Air ) when it gets to wide release on Christmas Day . The film is filled with buzzy movie stars and strong buzz , with reassurances from critics and writers that the movie is entertaining and informative in equal doses ( and yes , that is correct ) . And of the films that pulled in such massive p.s.a.s on so `` many '' screens , only Precious failed to top $ 50m domestic in the end . This will be one to pay attention to heading into Christmas .
And that 's the Friday box office news for the two new movies in the marketplace . The holdover report will follow shortly .
The world of MMA is ever evolving , and in recent years , there 's been a fascinating evolution in the stand-up aspect of the game . When Royce Gracie first started choking people out back in the early 90 's , everyone represented a unique discipline . Over the years , those unique styles all came together to form one style - true Mixed Martial Arts . Now , with fighters like Lyoto Machida leading the way , we 've seen some return to those traditional forms being more prominently featured in MMA .
So what is the difference between all these striking arts ? How is Tae Kwon Do unique from Shotokan Karate from Sanshou from Muay Thai and on and on and on ... It can be daunting for viewers looking to appreciate the subtleties of the striking game .
And so , we bring to you our newest series : striking styles . Connor Ruebusch and myself will break down different styles , working to show you what makes them unique . For each , we 'll give you some examples , plus focus on three primary areas : offense , defense , and movement . Hopefully , with these descriptions , we can better detail what different fighters bring into the cage .
Today , we kick things off with one of the oldest and most common styles in MMA - Muay Thai . This is part 1 of a 3 part Muay Thai series , as we will focus strictly on traditional , Thai-style Muay Thai here . Join us next time for a look at how Muay Thai evolved into a Dutch style , and a Brazilian style . Let 's do this .
MUAY THAI ( THAI-STYLE )
OFFENSE
Fraser : This sounds obvious , but Muay Thai 's offense is largely based on maximizing power . Like I said , obvious right ? Not necessarily . All striking arts want to maximize damage , but where a style like Savate focuses on precision attacks to vulnerable points , Muay Thai is more about using every aspect of the attack to maximize the power behind it . Kicks are thrown by twisting the entire body to maximize torque , knees are thrown while stepping in , elbows are whipped around like a baseball pitcher . All of it meant to hit as hard as you can to use your best power .
As for what kinds of offense are used , this is a stand-up art , but most all attacks on the feet are allowed , which is why many Muay Thai advocates feel it is a more `` pure '' and authentic striking style . Its nickname - `` The Art of 8 Limbs '' - reflects this idea : two feet , two fists , two knees , two elbows . In Thailand , those different limbs score differently , with punches being particularly low scoring . As a result , while punches are used in Thailand , they are pretty infrequent as compared to kicks .
Connor : Muay Thai 's emphasis , above all else , is placed on the legs . Kicks and knees are highly valued because they demonstrate balance , and balance is very important to Thai judges . Many believe that low kicks are a staple of Muay Thai , but in truth there are very few fighters in Thailand that specialize in low kicks -- most Thais are experts at avoiding them , and many Thais consider them to be a `` low '' technique -- forgive the pun .
Throws and dumps score big points ; if you can demonstrate that your balance is superior to your opponents by putting him on his back , then you 'll be rewarded . Few nakmuay can boast a dumping game as impressive as that of Pajonsuk SuperPro Samui , and I encourage you to watch this highlight video .
In that video , you 'll notice that there is a unique style of throwing in Muay Thai . One may only use the striking surface of a leg to assist in a throw or sweep : the shins , insteps , knees , and thighs are employed to bump , sweep , and block the opponents legs while the arms and upper body push , pull , and twist him off-balance . You 'll see some very Greco-esque clinching in Pajonsuk 's highlight there , and in truth a lot of those throws are technically illegal -- lifting the opponent is against the rules -- though most refs will allow quite a bit of leeway in the clinch , because that 's what the crowd likes to see . And , of course , to show off how much better than your opponent 's your balance is , you are encouraged to stand over him on the ground or casually walk away like a boss . And whether a dump is entirely successful or not , it 's always a good idea to sneak in a knee or kick before the opponent completely lands , or at least before the ref can pull you away .
As Fraser said , punches are not scored very highly in Thai culture , perhaps because of the erroneous notion that the padded surface of the gloves make them a less dangerous weapon . Most Thais resort to handfighting and clinching in boxing range , and this explains why more Thais are not successful in international kickboxing competitions , which limit the clinch greatly .
Fraser : Just to add one last point - Conor covered Thai dumps nicely , and for my money , that 's the aspect of Muay Thai that is currently criminally underutilized in MMA . Here 's Alistair Overeem using a Muay Thai style dump to toss Brett Rogers ( GIF ) . I think a lot more MMA fighters could find success with this kind of technique .
DEFENSE
Fraser : This is related to the next category of movement , but Thai fighters tend to just stand in front of each other and duke it out . There 's an idea that evasive , backwards movement is in some way contrary to the spirit of Muay Thai . As a result , defense is seldom based on evasion and movement . Instead , it 's done by checking an attack . This leads to Muay Thai fighters being very light on their lead leg - they keep the weight off of it so that they can quickly bring it up to block a kick . You see this emphasis on absorbing blows in other aspects of the stance as well . Elbows are kept tight inside to protect against body blows . Hands are kept high and tight to the head to block punches and headkicks . Check out Shogun 's stance here ( IMAGE ) . Note the light lead leg , and the position of his right hand and elbow . He has his lead hand out more than you would see in a traditional Thai stance .
One area where they do use movement for defense is in head movement to evade punches . Think of Anderson Silva famously leaning back to avoid Forrest Griffin 's attacks , or less successfully leaning back to ( not ) avoid Chris Weidman 's . This slipping is typically done solely with the head and upper body , keeping the feet planted . Here 's the great Saenchai demonstrating it in one of my personal favorite Muay Thai images of all time ( IMAGE ) .
Connor : As Fraser said , the Thais are fond of relatively static defense . Checks and blocks predominate , with head movement being limited to the fading/leaning Fraser illustrated above . Nonetheless , the best Thais seem to have a preternatural ability to see strikes coming and check them . Shin conditioning is a must , as at least as many kicks are checked as landed cleanly in the average bout .
Much of the Thais ' defense is preemptive , however . The arms are kept high and outstretched to facilitate clinching , which is quickly becoming the most important phase of modern Muay Thai fights . As the opponent enters range , a nakmuay will cover his hands or bicepses , or grab a hold of his neck to deny him the posture he needs to throw an effective strike . The disruption of balance is a key element in Thai defense as well as offense , and Thai fighters are notorious for their strong necks and imperturbable bases as a result . Lapses in defense in the clinch are quickly punished with short strikes , such as this short elbow from Kem Sitsongpeenong ( GIF ) .
MOVEMENT
Connor : This is probably the aspect of true Muay Thai that stands out the most to the casual observer . If you 're used to watching kickboxing , your reaction to your first Muay Thai fight is probably going to be something along the lines of , `` why the hell are they just standing there ? '' In truth , footwork and movement in Muay Thai is subtle . As Fraser mentioned above , there is a stigma placed on backward movement , and side-to-side movement is lacking as well . Instead , Thai fighters move from the upper body while keeping their feet in more or less the same place , looking for openings within the opponent 's stance rather than moving around him to try to create those openings . Muay Thai is the game of refusing to give ground , and capitalizing on an opponent 's mistakes .
It has not always been this way , however . One of my personal favorite Muay Thai fighters is the hilariously named Poot Lorlek . Poot was a masterful kicker in his day , and his use of angles and footwork was very impressive , including his ability to kick moving forwards or backwards . Poot still trains fighters , and though you can see the effects of a Thai fighter 's diet on an inactive fighter in his paunchy appearance , he can still kick heads with ease . Here you can see him teaching his classic angles and counters to some young modern fighters .
PRACTITIONERS
Connor : Fraser has some excellent examples for you to look at below , so I 'll just keep it brief and recommend to you one of my personal favorite fighters and , in my opinion , the most technically sound nakmuay on the planet . This is Sam-A Kaiyanghadaogym , and when it comes to distance control and counter kicking , he ca n't be beat . And , like almost every great Thai fight , this one just gets better as it goes along .
Fraser : I hope to leave you with a good example of some fighters using this style in MMA , but frankly , they are hard to come by for traditional Thai Muay Thai . Because of the style of movement we discussed , the stance , and the overall `` stand in front of your opponent until you ca n't stand anymore '' methodology , pure Thai Muay Thai does not provide the greatest transition to MMA , as it leaves the Thai fighter far too open for takedowns . Better suited is the Dutch style , which we 'll cover next time .
That said , there are a few good examples . I already mentioned him once , but Shogun Rua uses a lot of traditional Muay Thai in his fights with Lyoto Machida . Alistair Overeem has brought in the Muay Thai clinch work and dumps at times . Amir Sadollah uses this approach . Plus there was the great Josh Neer vs. Keith Wisniewski UFC fight from 2011 where both men just grabbed a Thai style clinch and started throwing elbows . That is maybe the closest thing to a pure Thai fight we 've ever seen in the UFC .
Outside of the UFC , there 's Bellator fighter named Cosmo Alexandre , who has a very good career in straight Muay Thai , and made the transition to MMA a few years ago . Here 's a HL video of Cosmo in Bellator - note how he uses Thai elements , but has made a lot of changes , particularly to the stance :
And finally , if you want to see real Muay Thai in action , there is no shortage of incredible fights available on YouTube . I 'll leave you with two . First up , a fantastic , fantastic fight from 2010 . Seriously , you have to watch this . It 's Pornsaneh in red vs. Pakon in blue :
And we leave you with , in my humble opinion , the best Muay Thai fighter on the planet today : Saenchai . Here he is , doing his thing in spectacular fashion .
STAMFORD , Conn. — Stamford 's A Timeless Journey will once again be participating in the Free Comic Book Day on Saturday .
“ It 's the industry giving back to its fans , ” said Paul Salerno , owner of the Stamford shop . The event is partially tied to the release of the new movie , `` Iron Man 3 . ''
He is looking forward to the annual event , which draws 500 to 600 people to his shop for the one day , even though many come just for the free books . Salerno added that he also enjoys the day because many parents bring their kids and introduce them to comics for the first time .
Free Comic Book Day was started in 2002 to celebrate comics by Diamond Distributing , the major distribution venue for comics in the country . It has spread to become a worldwide event , a statement said . This year , more than 50 comics coming from almost all of the major companies as well as some mid-size and indie companies will be participating , making it one of the largest ever , it said .
Despite the day 's name not every comic is free -- only those issued on Free Comic Book Day are , the statement said . The free comics usually include special promotions of what is yet to come , reprints for previously issued comics , and special standalone stories for a specific event , the statement said .
Comic book companies participating this year include Marvel , DC , Archie and many more . Many of the free comics will be available at A Timeless Journey , Salerno said .
“ It 's a way to get a taste , ” he said comparing it with Baskin-Robbins “ Free Ice Cream Day , ” but for comic books .
A Timeless Journey , located at 2538 Summer St. , will be open from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday . Its regular business hours are 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Mondays , Tuesdays and Thursdays through Saturdays , and Wednesdays from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Political editor Malcolm Farr says vote on same-sex marriage unlikely to happen this side of the election .
THE critical vote on same-sex marriage - which spurred Kevin Rudd to dramatically declare his support - is now unlikely to go ahead next week as expected .
And it seems certain there will not be a vote on marriage equality legislation this side of the September 14 election .
It had been expected that a private member 's bill for same-sex marriage , presented by Greens MP Adam Bandt in the House of Representatives in February last year , would be put to a final vote on June 6 .
But there will be so many MPs wanting to speak on what is essentially a conscience issue there will not be time for a vote before Parliament rises on June 27 , sources involved in the operation of the House said today .
A Greens member today suggested the Government was flinching from the prospect of former Labor leader , Mr Rudd , who supports same-sex marriage , sitting across the chamber from Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott who oppose it .
`` They do n't want Kevin to sit there staring back at Julia and Tony sitting together , '' the Greens said .
Ms Gillard has reaffirmed her rejection of marriage reform and last week Mr Abbott said , `` I certainly have n't changed my mind '' .
A cross-party committee which selects the legislative agenda will report its decisions tomorrow but the Bandt bill is not expected to be made a priority .
However , Mr Bandt 's office will today press for priority to be given to his legislation .
Coalition MPs must vote with the party against gay marriage while Labor MPs and independents are free to vote as they wish . A ballot last September on similar legislation from a Labor MP was soundly defeated 98-41 .
Mr Rudd 's switch on the issue last week has given marriage equality supporters hope that others will follow and see the Bandt bill passed .
But a senior source said today , a `` whole lot of people have n't spoken on this bill '' .
`` The vote happens after everyone has a contribution , particularly on a conscience vote issue . So there was debate yesterday and there will be a need for more debate , '' the source said .
At least one advocate of same-sex marriage is critical of the Greens tactics which he said had prevented the legislation coming to a vote earlier .
Mr Bandt said a poll showing national support of same-sex marriage was further encouragement to push his legislation to a vote .
The Roy Morgan Poll showed 65 per cent of voters backed same-sex marriage compared to 35 per cent opposing it .
There were 70 per cent of women and 59 per cent of men listed as supporters , and 79 per cent of all voters wanted Parliament to pass legislation for same-sex marriage , Roy Morgan found .
By Julian Siddle
Science Reporter , BBC News
Mussels can become stressed by increases in acidity Man-made pollution is raising ocean acidity at least 10 times faster than previously thought , a study says . Researchers say carbon dioxide levels are having a marked effect on the health of shellfish such as mussels . They sampled coastal waters off the north-west Pacific coast of the US every half-hour for eight years . The results , published in the journal PNAS , suggest that earlier climate change models may have underestimated the rate of ocean acidification . Ocean pH Professor Timothy Wootton from the department of ecology and evolution , University of Chicago , in Illinois , says such dramatic results were unexpected as it was thought that the huge ocean systems had the ability to absorb large quantities of CO2 . `` It 's been thought pH in the open oceans is well buffered , so it 's surprising to see these fluctuations , '' he said . The findings showed that CO2 had lowered the water pH over time , demonstrating a year-on-year increase in acidity . Increasing quantities of dissolved CO2 will make seawater more acidic The research involved taking daily measurements of water pH levels , salinity and temperature , off the coast of Tatoosh island , a small outcrop lying in the Pacific Ocean , just off the north-western tip of Washington state , US . As well as measuring physical factors , the health of marine life present in the coastal ecosystem was also tracked . Professor Wootton says biological factors were missing from previous models of ocean climate systems - and that life in the ocean , or in this case on the ocean edge , can also affect seawater pH . `` Over a short time , biology is affecting pH , through photosynthesis and respiration , but current models do n't include biological activity as part of the story , '' he explained . Calcium carbonate Every summer , Professor Wootton returned to the same sites on Tatoosh island 's windswept coasts , to look at the abundance and distribution of life at the water 's edge . He was especially interested in barnacles , algae and the dominant species , the Californian mussel . Seawater sampling was conducted for eight years The mussel has a calcium carbonate -based shell , which can be weakened or even dissolved by exposure to acid . Professor Wootton says the increase in acidity may be responsible for the decline in mussels noted in the study . `` Patterns show the chances of mussels being replaced are higher than for species without calcified shells , '' he said . Other species quickly move into the space previously occupied by the mussels - though one of these species , the barnacle , also has calcified shells . To explain this apparent anomaly , Professor Wootton says the decline of the dominant species allows a window where another species may thrive - though he expects this to be temporary as the interloper too will eventually be affected by the increasing acidity . `` In the short term , the long term decline is offset by the release from competition , '' he explained .
It 's going down 10 to 20 times faster than the previous models predicted
Professor Timothy Wootton , University of Chicago
Chemical oceanography The researchers say they were surprised that the plants and animals in their study are so sensitive to CO2 changes . These organisms live in the harsh inter-tidal zones , they may be submerged underwater , exposed to the sun , then lashed by waves and storms . Professor Wootton says the most troubling finding is the speed of acidification , with the pH level dropping at a much greater rate than was previously thought . `` It 's going down 10 to 20 times faster than the previous models predicted , '' he says . The research team are now working together with chemical oceanographers to see how their coastal observations can be matched with large scale observations , to try to explain why the decline in pH levels seems to be happening so quickly . `` We actually know surprisingly little about how ocean acidity is changing over time , we need a broader network of measurements , '' said Professor Wootton .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
`` Late Show '' host Stephen Colbert poked fun at Kellyanne Conway Monday night , after the White House counselor suggested that `` microwaves that turn into cameras '' could have been used to spy on Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's presidential campaign .
`` It 's true , it 's true , microwaves that turn into cameras . How do you think we film this show ? Jim , show them camera three , '' Colbert said as the camera panned to a microwave on a tripod .
Colbert also retrieved a Hot Pocket from the microwave and spoke to former President Obama through the microwave .
“ President Obama , ” he whispered . “ I miss you . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Colbert also joked about Conway 's surveillance claims , hitting her for saying she was n't `` Inspector Gadget '' in an interview .
`` Okay , Inspector Gadget had all sorts of tools at his disposal , gadget skates , gadget 'copter , '' Colbert said , referencing the cartoon detective . `` Kellyanne Conway has only one move : 'go , go alternative facts . ' ``
Conway suggested in a new interview , without providing evidence , that the Trump campaign may have been monitored in `` any number of ways . ''
“ What I can say is there are many ways to surveil each other , ” Conway told the Bergen County Record in New Jersey . “ You can surveil someone through their phones , certainly through their television sets . ”
Conway added that there are “ microwaves that turn into cameras ” during a discussion of surveillance methods .
The discussion comes more than a week after Trump said without evidence that Obama ordered surveillance of Trump Tower during the presidential race .
LUKE Hodge has just racked up his eighth possession in 15 minutes against Geelong at a packed MCG .
Worried Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson pulls his matchwinner to the bench , as fans in the stands wonder why .
Suddenly , viewers at home look to the red alert flashing up in the left corner of their television screen .
The GPS data shows Hodge 's average stride length shortened by a few centimetres on his last bouncing run .
To the naked eye , the shortened step was impossible to spot .
But it is a clear biomechanical warning that Hodge 's right hamstring muscle has contracted , protecting itself from an inevitable injury .
media_camera Luke Hodge 's GPS data could be fully disclosed to TV viewers . Picture : Wayne Ludbey
Before Hodge has time to reach for the ice on the bench , the viewers watching from home already know the full story .
Welcome to the next generation of football broadcasting , where the GPS information that is the secret domain of clubs , could enhance the game for the viewer like never before .
The data , sent from the beeper-sized tracking devices slotted into a pouch underneath players ' jumpers and collected by satellite at a rate of 1000 data points a second , could be the golden egg that makes the AFL 's next broadcast deal the game 's richest .
Groundbreaking Melbourne-based company Catapult serves some of the world 's biggest sporting clubs , including half the NFL clubs and a third of the NBA 's , is one of the providers in talks with the AFL about this revolutionary next step .
Executive chairman Adir Shiffman said incorporating more GPS information into broadcasts would help showcase the game in unprecedented ways , helping attract and engage new audiences .
“ A few years after you have had exposure to this , you will not believe there was a time when you tried to experience the game without this information on screen , ” Shiffman said .
media_camera Trackers worn by players like Cam Pederson could help attract and engage new audiences . Picture : Michael Klein
“ You might start with the simple stuff like who is the fastest player on the field or who ran the farthest , and we 've done a little bit of that piloting with Channel 7 , actually , last season .
“ But that is kind of the entry level stuff . The stuff that is really interesting will really enhance the viewers ' experience .
“ It would certainly increase the value of broadcasting to be able to provide this information and I think the AFL would be interested in increasing the value of its broadcasting . ”
Imagine , pressing the red button on your Foxtel remote , taking you to a second screen that provides a comprehensive physiological and performance run-down of a player .
The number of big hits he has received ; the force of those tackles and bumps ; speeds he has run at versus his direct opponent . The player 's exact positioning on the ground in relation to his man , at anytime .
Naturally , it is a delicate subject for clubs , worried the information could compromise their battle plans and publicly unlock players ' full capabilities . Or weaknesses .
media_camera Nick Riewoldt would rack up lots of kilometres on his GPS tracker . Picture : George Salpigtidis
As such , the conversations between the league and the clubs are delicately placed .
Primarily , the technology was developed to monitor player loads and fatigue , and prevent and predict injury , helping combat the scourge of soft-tissue breakdowns .
One senior football official described the latest technology as “ mind-blowing ” .
“ From a fan 's point of view , you could quickly pick a player 's game apart to see if he is standing one metre away from his opponent , or whether he starts every contest in front or behind his man , ” he said .
“ But , it 's not so much the criticism of the player the clubs are concerned about , where supporters might say that player is ‘ lazy ' or whatever .
“ The greater concern is the tactical advantage you could give up to your opposition . ”
For the league , there are also benefits . The data could be used in tribunal cases or rule changes and goal line technology , using a microchip in the ball .
media_camera The Catapult GPS device , modelled by North Melbourne player Andrew Swallow . Picture : Wayne Ludbey
Broadcasters know the technology exists and want some bang for their buck , considering the next broadcast deal is expected to fetch more than $ 1.6 billion at the end of 2016 , surpassing the previous $ 1.258 billion record .
So , when lightning-fast Swan Lewis Jetta chases Cyril Rioli down the MCG wing , imagine seeing their speeds appear on your television screen .
Or , having Scott Pendlebury 's tackles and bumps colour-coded , depending on the force of the blows he sustains .
Or , the precise jumping height of the mark of the year contenders .
And knowing how much distance every defender has allowed in between them and their opponent for the game .
The emphasis then would be on efforts , not possessions .
All 18 clubs are already fully plugged in to Catapult 's GPS machine , making the AFL one of the most cutting-edge sports in the world , Shiffman said , especially in regards to tracking players ' movements away from the ball .
media_camera Collingwood 's Jordan De Goey gets used to his GPS tracker .
“ AFL teams are very sophisticated , so they know which players have put in really strong efforts off the ball , where there is no glory , no possession numbers , ” he said .
“ What happens in all sports is that spectators are very fixated on the little bit of space that the ball is in or around where the ball is at that particular time .
“ But , actually , a lot of what happens in the game that impacts the outcome is what players are doing just behind or just in front of where the ball is .
“ That is what shapes the game and coaches know that , but spectators and viewers do n't always appreciate that .
“ So we think that is an opportunity to use the data to more effectively highlight some of the great things that players do when they are not directly in possession of the game . ”
But Shiffman , who was last week named among the world 's top-10 sports innovators , was adamant that any media arrangement would not “ disadvantage any team ” .
“ What clubs are rightfully worried about initially is , is this going to competitively disadvantage me ? ” Shiffman said .
media_camera All 18 AFL clubs are already fully plugged in to Catapult 's GPS machine — including Andrew Swallow 's North Melbourne . Picture : Wayne Ludbey
“ Is the opposition coach going to be watching the broadcast in real time and gleaning information from it to use against me on the field ?
“ The truth is that is not what happens , because the information that coaches and managers use during games is quite detailed and quite specific information .
“ But it turns out that is not the information that is interesting to spectators .
“ The stuff that is most interesting to spectators and fans has no competitive value to opposition teams whatsoever .
“ For us , the wishes of the clubs are paramount and we would never do anything without the support of the clubs . ”
The AFL 's official statistician , Champion Data , is already helping quench fans ' thirst for more complex football and fantasy-related data .
Currently , AFL clubs each pay upwards of $ 40,000 a year for the GPS service , but the AFL is looking at taking over a league-wide contract , centralising the data .
media_camera They will discuss with clubs how the GPS data could be used in the media . Picture : Wayne Ludbey
It would save clubs precious cash , but nervous football officials are asking , ‘ what will the league , and more importantly the broadcasters , do with the prized information ' ?
How will it be stored , and , is it secure ?
AFL operations manager Mark Evans said the league would discuss with clubs how the GPS data could be used in the media .
“ Our primary interest in this sort of technology is how it can help the coaching of our game and athlete performance , ” Evans said .
“ And then if our clubs are accepting of releasing some of the data , only then would we look at how we used that data publicly .
“ It requires great cooperation between the AFL clubs and venues and technology providers before we can even talk about it becoming an asset for public information . ”
The NFL struck a major broadcast breakthrough when the yellow first-down line appeared on television screens , immediately boosting audience figures , Shiffman said .
That same watershed development could be looming for the AFL .
“ When that ( first-down line ) happened , a whole lot of people said ‘ wow , I know what they ( NFL players ) are trying to do now ' , ” Shiffman said . “ They are trying to get to that line , and , the viewership really increased . ”
media_camera Clubs like Josh Jenkins ' Adelaide are tracking almost everything about their players in training and games
NFL clubs have also embraced the technology to measure the effectiveness of guards and linesmen , who spend their games jostling at close quarters .
These players do n't touch the ball , or run , making their roles tough to measure , until recently .
“ All they do is push against one another , ” Shiffman said .
“ But our technology , for example , when it gets deployed in training for the New York Giants starts quantifying how much of an impact that line backer is having on the play .
“ How much force are they opposing ? How much are they generating ?
“ No one has really been able to effectively measure this kind of things before . ”
Clubs are tracking almost everything about their players in training and games . Even sleep , if you are a Dallas Maverick in the NBA .
Shiffman said AFL clubs were already using GPS technology to help extend players ' careers .
“ AFL teams are the best in the world at reducing and preventing soft tissue injuries using our technology , ” he said .
“ What is most interesting for that player is ‘ how do I play as well as possible for as long as possible ' ?
“ All of a sudden we are going to have a material impact on players ' careers and their playing lives .
“ This is the next step in the professional game . ”
Originally published as Is this the AFL 's new golden egg ?
MEXICO CITY -- Henry Cejudo has seen the way the top of the pack at 125 pounds has jostled for position in recent weeks , with no one really stating a strong case for a shot at Demetrious Johnson 's title .
And while he 's still young in the sport , the undefeated Cejudo has a message for the top guys in the flyweight division : If you want to beat me , you better take your swing at me now .
`` I 'm ready for anybody , '' Cejudo ( 8-0 ) said . `` If it 's John Dodson , if it 's Demetrious Johnson , if it 's Joseph Benavidez , I 'm ready for whichever one , whoever wants a piece of me . ''
Cejudo , who meets Chico Camus at UFC 188 on Saturday night , confidently proclaimed his skill set is going to give the top of the division trouble sooner rather than later .
`` I think they know I 'm an elite athlete , I 'm not your average flyweight , '' Cejudo said . `` I 'm a really strong flyweight , I 've got strong hands , if they want to take their shot they better take it now , because I 'm only getting better . ''
Of course , Cejudo 's detractors point out he 's had trouble making the 125-pound limit . Cejudo made weight for his last fight , a UFC 185 win over Chris Cariaso , and he says this time out his weight is the lightest it 's been on a fight-week Wednesday .
`` I 'm nine pounds over , that 's the lightest I 've ever been [ on a Wednesday ] , '' Cejudo said . `` I had a bad fish taco last night , so I 'm kind of getting that out of my system and I 'm recovering . It was a little sketchy there . ''
Meanwhile , Cejudo , a Mexican-American , specifically requested to be on UFC 188 in Mexico City , and he was fired up after receiving a rousing ovation from the packed house at Wednesday 's open workouts .
Cejudo went so far as to compare his UFC 188 fight week experience to winning his Olympic wrestling medal in 2008 .
`` This experience is crazy , this is like nothing else , '' he said . `` I feel like I 'm back at the Olympics winning the gold medal with all these cameras , all these people . It 's something incredible , something you ca n't describe . I ca n't even fathom to think about it , these open workouts have been so amazing . ''
Your iPhone has a “ Low Power Mode ” , which you 'll be prompted to activate it when your phone reaches 20 % battery . You can also enable Low Power Mode before that point to stretch your battery life further . Here 's how it works .
Low Power Mode disables settings like mail fetch , Hey Siri , and other things that people commonly change when they want to make their iPhones live longer between charges . For whatever reason , Low Power Mode is only available on iPhones , not iPads . Starting with iOS 11 , you can also enable Low Power Mode right from the Control Center .
How to Activate ( and Deactivate ) Low Power Mode
When your iPhone reaches 20 percent battery power left , you 'll see a “ Low Power Mode ” prompt appear . Your iPhone will inform you what features will be temporarily disabled , and you can choose to “ Continue ” and enable Low Power Mode or “ Cancel ” and not enable Low Power Mode . Low Power Mode can reportedly give you anywhere from one to three hours more time before your iPhone dies . It really depends on what you 're doing with your iPhone .
You can also enable Low Power Mode whenever you like . For example , let 's say it 's the start of a long day and you know you 'll be away from an outlet for a long while .
To activate Low Power Mode from the Settings app , head to Settings > Battery and activate the “ Low Power Mode ” slider . The battery indicator in the status bar will turn yellow while Low Power Mode is enabled .
Your iPhone will always automatically disable Low Power Mode when you charge it up to a certain point . Low Power Mode is always temporary and only lasts until the next proper charge . There 's no way to permanently enable it .
RELATED : How to Customize Your iPhone or iPad 's Control Center
On iOS 11 , you can also activate and deactivate Low Power Mode from the Control Center rather than digging through the Settings app each time . However , you have to add this feature 's toggle to the Control Center yourself .
To do so , head to Settings > Control Center > Customize Controls . Tap the plus sign to the left of “ Low Power Mode ” to add the toggle to your Control Center , and then touch and drag it to position it where you like it . You can now swipe up from the bottom of the screen and tap the battery-shaped button to enable or disable Low Power Mode .
What Low Power Mode Does
Low Power Mode does a number of things to save battery power . It automatically changes some settings to save battery power , like disabling automatic fetching of new mail , reducing your screen brightness , and automatically locking the phone and powering off its display more quickly . Apps can detect low power mode is enabled and choose to disable animations and other battery-hungry features , too .
Motion effects and animated wallpapers are also disabled . Background activities and networking are paused to prevent unnecessary power drain in the background . Your iPhone even automatically reduces the performance of its CPU and GPU , which makes it perform a bit slower but saves battery life . Tests have found that this slows iPhones by about 40 percent when Low Power Mode is enabled .
Low Power Mode is fairly aggressive , which is why it is n't enabled all the time . It 'll help you squeeze more battery life out of your phone when necessary , but you probably would n't want to use it all the time .
How to Change Some of These Settings Permanently
RELATED : Use Manual Refresh to Save Battery Life on Any Tablet or Smartphone
While you ca n't permanently enable Low Power Mode , you can permanently change some of the settings Low Power Mode does . You can also use the options on the Battery settings screen to see which apps are using the most battery power and choose to remove them or adjust their settings .
Disable mail fetching : If you have any email accounts configured to “ fetch ” new mail , your iPhone is automatically checking them at regular intervals and downloading new mail . This forces your iPhone to regularly wake up and do work . Set your mail accounts to “ push ” new mail to you or just disable this and manually check for new mail to save power . Using manual refresh will prevent you from receiving email notifications , however . It 's a trade-off .
: If you have any email accounts configured to “ fetch ” new mail , your iPhone is automatically checking them at regular intervals and downloading new mail . This forces your iPhone to regularly wake up and do work . Set your mail accounts to “ push ” new mail to you or just disable this and manually check for new mail to save power . Using manual refresh will prevent you from receiving email notifications , however . It 's a trade-off . Screen brightness : Enabling auto-brightness will ensure your screen is n't too bright when it does n't need to be , saving battery power . This setting should be on by default—just do n't disable it . You can also swipe up from the bottom of your screen at any time to manually adjust the brightness level . The brighter your display , the faster your battery is draining . This is available under “ Display & brightness ” in the Settings app .
: Enabling auto-brightness will ensure your screen is n't too bright when it does n't need to be , saving battery power . This setting should be on by default—just do n't disable it . You can also swipe up from the bottom of your screen at any time to manually adjust the brightness level . The brighter your display , the faster your battery is draining . This is available under “ Display & brightness ” in the Settings app . Auto-lock timeout : To save battery power , you can have your iPhone automatically lock itself and turn off its display after a shorter period of time when you are n't using it . Open the Settings app and navigate to General > Auto-Lock to find this setting . For example , you could have your display automatically turn off after as little as 30 seconds .
: To save battery power , you can have your iPhone automatically lock itself and turn off its display after a shorter period of time when you are n't using it . Open the Settings app and navigate to General > Auto-Lock to find this setting . For example , you could have your display automatically turn off after as little as 30 seconds . Disable background refresh : You can prevent apps on your iPhone from automatically refreshing in the background while you are n't using them , too . To do this , open the Settings app and navigate to General > Background App Refresh . You can disable Background App Refresh for every app from here , or just prevent individual apps from refreshing .
There 's no way to permanently throttle down your phone 's CPU or GPU , however . You 'll have to enable Low Power Mode whenever you want to slow your hardware down to save battery power .
RELATED : Quick Tip : Place Your iPhone Face Down to Save Battery Life
Here 's a bonus tip : Your iPhone 's display wo n't light up when it receives notifications if it 's placed face-down on a desk or table . Place your iPhone face-down to save some battery power and prevent the display from coming on if you do n't care about seeing notifications as they come in at any given time .
BAHAWALPUR : Pakistan 's first-ever solar generation project was formally inaugurated at the Quaid-i-Azam Solar Park ( QASP ) on Tuesday by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif along with Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif .
The QASP has been designed to generate a total of 1,000MW of electricity . The QASP 's first unit reportedly went into test run last month and had achieved successful results . The generated electricity was being supplied to the National Grid System .
PM Nawaz was warmly welcomed upon his arrival as dancers presented a beautiful traditional dance of the area while two renowned folk singers of the area also entertained the gathering with their melodious voices .
The premier also inaugurated a commemorative stamp issued by the Pakistan Post .
Pakistan will overcome power shortage by 2017-2018 : PM
On the occasion , PM Nawaz said several mega projects in the power sector have been launched which will help overcome the power shortage in Pakistan by 2017-2018 , said a report published on Radio Pakistan .
Terming the 46 billion dollars of Chinese investment in Pakistan as unprecedented , PM Nawaz said that all projects with the Chinese cooperation will be completed on time . He said Pakistan and China will establish a special committee in order to ensure these projects are completed on record time .
Read more : Pakistan plans huge desert solar park to fight energy crisis
The premier announced Rs20 million as reward for the workers at Quaid-e-Azam solar park .
He said this the first time in Pakistan that a democratic government is delivering . He added that his government also wants to improve relations with Afghanistan , and eliminate terrorism from the entire region .
PM Nawaz further said that the temporarily displaced persons have started returning to their homes in Waziristan after terrorism was rooted out in that area . He added that this is a great achievement and the country 's armed forces deserve appreciation .
Speaking about Karachi , PM Nawaz said that the situation in city has improved and extortion and kidnapping for ransom have been significantly reduced . He added that Karachi will once again be the city of lights .
PM Nawaz speaking at the inauguration ceremony in Bahawalpur - DawnNews screen grab
QASP will be the biggest solar power project in the world : Shahbaz
Speaking at the ceremony , Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif said that once completed , the QASP will be the biggest solar power project in the world .
He also revealed that China provided a Rs2 billion concession on the project . He further added that that the project will begin generating another 350MW of electricity by the end of this year .
CM Shahbaz Sharif speaking at the inauguration ceremony in Bahawalpur - DawnNews screen grab
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif , Acting Governor Rana Muhammad Iqbal Khan , Minister for Water and Power Khawaja Muhammad Asif , Minister for Petroleum Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Chinese ambassador Sun Weidong were also present on the occasion besides a number of Federals and provincial ministers .
Know more : PM to open first unit at Solar Park today
In the first phase , at least 0.5 million solar panels have been installed in three blocks over 500 acres of the solar park land .
Earlier , the infrastructure for the park , including a boundary wall , buildings and roads were constructed while water was taken to the site from a nearby canal . The construction work of the first phase of 100MW had been taken in hand last year .
The second and third units of the solar park comprise 300MW and 600MW , respectively . The work on these two units had been jointly inaugurated last month in Islamabad by the Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif . The second phase is expected to be completed in the beginning of next year followed by work on the third phase .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On his radio show today , Glenn Beck continued his attack on Jon Stewart 's Rally to Restore Sanity . Beck claimed that that unless Stewart draws a million people , the rally is a failure . Beck said , “ If there 's not a million people at the mall…There should be 300 million people on the mall or they are absolutely the most powerless people on the planet . ”
Here is the audio via Media Matters :
Beck said , “ I love this . Barack Obama is going on The Daily Show . If there 's not a million people at the mall . They have Oprah . They have Barack Obama . They have The Huffington Post , all paying for these trips . There should be 300 million people on the mall , or they are absolutely the most powerless people on the planet . ”
In Beckian Logic , Obama 's appearance on The Daily Show on the week of the rally means that the only way the rally is successful is if millions of people show up , because apparently this is now all about the power of Obama to draw people to a rally that is n't political , and that he wo n't be attending . In Beck 's mind if Barack Obama does not inspire a million people to attend Jon Stewart 's rally , then Obama is powerless , and the rally is a failure .
Just to make it clear , Obama is not going to be at the Rally to Restore Sanity . He is going on The Daily Show the week of the rally . Oprah Winfrey is not going to be at the rally . When Beck said “ they have ” , he implied that these people are going to be there . They are n't , because the Rally to Restore Sanity is not a political rally . Beck regularly compares himself to Jon Stewart , and claims that he boosts Stewart 's ratings . Never mind the reality that Stewart 's Comedy Central has more averages more viewers than Beck on Fox News .
What Beck also does n't mention is that all of his rallies have been promoted by Fox News and corporate special interest front groups like Freedom Works and Americans for Prosperity . These groups have always paid to bus people in to his rallies . Beck wants to pretend that his rallies are organic gatherings , but nothing could be further from the truth . It is laughable that Beck is proclaiming that it is a million people or bust for Stewart/Colbert , when his own Rally to Restore Honor was a total bomb that could only draw roughly 100,000 people .
Beck knows that the 10/30 rally is going to not only humiliate him , but also expose his weakness of his movement . This is why Beck has spent weeks attacking or trying to frame attendance expectations for Stewart 's rally . Last month , Beck labeled the Stewart/Colbert a progressive plot . Since that did n't catch on Beck is now trying to lay the groundwork for labeling the rally a failure .
The Rally to Restore Sanity presents a huge threat to Glenn Beck and every other millionaire right wing media star that has made their fortune by engaging in extremism and fear . Needless to say , sanity is bad for Beck 's business . Glenn needs to keep the narrative alive that the country is in peril , and he is our savior . When hundreds of thousands of people show up in support of a message of reasonableness and sanity , it will be a direct repudiation of Glenn Beck .
Jon Stewart might draw a million people to his rally , but it is a given that the attendance figures for the Rally To Restore Sanity will blow away Beck 's Rally to Restore Honor . Even though the Stewart/Colbert event is not a political rally , it will hopefully put to rest the myth that the far right wing of American politics represents a majority of the country . On October 30 , we are going to see the “ real America , ” not a small gathering of die hard conservative extremists who still have n't gotten over the fact that they lost the 2008 election .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
One evening , while geeking out with my daughters I decided to share a theory I had with them about Star Wars -- specifically Return of the Jedi : Luke Skywalker turned to the Dark Side at the end of the trilogy .
I shared this story with them because I think my theory is reinforced by trailer for the new movie :
It 's pretty exciting stuff , and to me , rather telling . Especially after you watch the first preview again . There 's been a lot of speculation on Kylo Ren and the bad guys in general -- if you have n't heard any of it you surely will . As my friend Mike Moore put it :
Luke is “ missing ” from the poster * and * the trailer . Luke as Sith Lord confirmed ! https : //t.co/r8qjn3frOV pic.twitter.com/NSSrgY0Rfh — Mike Moore ( @ blowmage ) October 20 , 2015
This , for me , is righting something that has never sat well with me : the oddball and underwhelming ending of Return of the Jedi .
Luke Turned
I 've had this argument with friends so many times . Some think as I do ; others remain convinced that Luke ended the original trilogy as a good guy .
I say he , in fact , had turned to the dark side and we watched it happen in blissful ignorance , choosing to believe that he would always be the good guy . Lucas wanted it this way so he could sell more toys . But there 's way more to this story .
Seeing these previews I think my theory might be correct : Luke gave in to the dark side to save his friends and defeat Vader and the emperor . We do n't know what will happen after that , and hopefully we 'll find out in December and we 'll see if I 'm right .
Here are my arguments , in no particular order ...
`` The Cave ... Remember Your Failure at the Cave ... ''
Yoda knew the whole time that Luke was on the same path as his Anakin . He was reluctant to train him and said flatly that Luke would give in to the dark side if he left Dagobah to save his friends . The most striking part of this whole sequence ( Luke 's training with Yoda ) is the cave .
Many people ( my friends included ) put it off as foreshadowing Luke 's discovery that Vader is his father . I think it 's foreshadowing that Luke will become his father . Of course , you do n't know Vader 's his dad at this point -- but at the end of the film , when I thought back to the cave ... it made perfect sense . It 's good , solid plot juice . Becoming your parents ( or trying not to ) is a huge motivator .
And Luke failed , according to Yoda . More than that -- Yoda issued this warning which Luke completely ignored :
Only a fully trained Jedi Knight , with the Force as his ally , will conquer Vader and his emperor . If you end your training now ... if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did ... you will become an agent of evil .
There it is : Yoda said it point blank . How many times has Yoda been wrong in the first six films ? It 's almost like he can see the future sometimes ! He knew Luke was on a path to become his father and , by leaving , he failed at preventing it .
Told you I did , reckless is he ... now ... matters are worse .
This is the start of Luke 's slide .
The Original Ending
The original ending of Return of the Jedi is incredibly hokey , but there is a poignant scene where Luke burns his dad 's body and you could feel his tension and anger . None of this was supposed to happen according to this 2010 LA Times article ( emphasis mine ) :
`` We had an outline and George changed everything in it , '' Kurtz said . `` Instead of bittersweet and poignant he wanted a euphoric ending with everybody happy ... The discussed ending of the film that Kurtz favored presented the rebel forces in tatters , Leia grappling with her new duties as queen and Luke walking off alone `` like Clint Eastwood in the spaghetti westerns , '' as Kurtz put it .
This is where story and solid plot development separate from building a franchise designed to sell toys . It 's widely known that Lucas favored toy sales over character and storyline . Again , from Kurtz :
I could see where things were headed , '' Kurtz said . `` The toy business began to drive the [ Lucasfilm ] empire . It 's a shame . They make three times as much on toys as they do on films . It 's natural to make decisions that protect the toy business , but that 's not the best thing for making quality films . The first film and Empire were about story and character , but I could see that George 's priorities were changing .
I so wish I saw the Return of the Jedi that Kurtz wanted . It would have made so much more sense . Empire built on the mythological core of Star Wars and worked on the natural tension that exists in the way we perceive good and evil . Luke thought he was doing good by racing to rescue his friends . Anakin thought he was doing good by confronting the Jedi Council and destroying the Order itself . A very blurred matter of perspective : trying to do good can be incredibly destructive .
Mark Hamill himself thought that Luke as a dark jedi was the natural turn of events :
As an actor that would be more fun to play . I just thought that 's the way it was going from when we finished [ Empire ] . I figured that 's what will be the pivotal moment . I 'll have to come back , but it will be I have Han Solo in my crosshairs and I 'll be about to kill him or about to kill the Princess or about to kill somebody that we care about . It 's an old cornball movie , like World War II movies .
Again : solid plot juice . One has to wonder if Hamill played Luke this way despite what Lucas wanted , recognizing the need for Luke to have a clearer bit of motivation . I think he did just that .
Indeed , there is a clear change of character as we move from Empire to Return of the Jedi . Luke becomes more serious , a little more sinister , and rocks the uniform pretty well :
Photo credit : Lucas Films
Nevertheless , I 'm taking Captain Solo and his friends . You can either profit by this or be destroyed . It 's your choice , but I warn you not to underestimate my power .
Was that a threat ? A touch of arrogance perhaps ? No -- Luke would never !
As a token of my gratitude , I present to you these two droids . Both are hardworking , and will serve you well ...
One second . Hold on here -- was that a lie ? Why yes , it was . Luke is giving in , he 's drawn to the dark side . Wow ... Luke lies . Keep that in mind .
You might be thinking nah , no way . Why would he do that ? The answer is that he is destructively trying to do good and his training is not enough to allow him to see this . As Yoda warned , he is becoming an agent of evil .
Which actually comes in handy later on , because the only way he could beat his dad in a fight is ...
Luke Turned , We All Watched It
The emperor was working Luke pretty hard , and croaked in his guttural monotone
Take your weapon . Strike me down with all of your hatred and your journey towards the dark side will be complete .
And guess what ? Luke tried .
Photo credit : Lucas Films
Later in the sequence Luke loses it completely when Vader finds his soft spot ( caring about his friends ) and squeezes hard ...
Photo credit : Lucas Films
Saving friends , and now family . Vader has just threatened his sister and Luke gives in . This does n't make sense if Luke has been a good guy the whole time . It makes perfect sense if he has indeed failed his training ( which he did ) and does n't have the ability to withstand his dad . Whom he idolized and wanted to be just like , all of his life .
Easy to see . Easy to believe .
When I first saw this scene as a kid I remember being completely confused . I thought that of course Luke turned -- but only a little bit . After all , he needed the power from the dark side to beat his dad ... right ? And he acted like a complete maniac but it was only temporary and phew ! he came back from the edge !
This , people , is a plot hole . It does n't make any sense in terms of the story and also Luke 's character . It does n't follow Luke 's motivation at all because he quite clearly does n't have any motivation to stay a good guy . He 's just seen what he could do with his dark powers ( defeat the bad guys , save people ) .
`` Your Hate Has Made You Powerful ''
Luke confronted and defeated his father only by giving in to his fear and hatred -- driven by a desire to protect his sister , whom he loved dearly and who ( basically ) set him on this whole damn deal to begin with ( help me Obi Wan Kenobi ... ) . You can see this clearly as he swings away at Vader violently , beating on him with all the fear and rage that is swelling up in him ... fired by a desire to protect his sister and friends .
This next scene is one of the most telling . When I first saw it I thought that Luke was realizing that he gave in and that 's bad . What I think really happened was that Luke was filled with blood lust and a surge of satisfaction at his victory . Staring at his fist ... marveling at his power . And why would n't he be ? He just kicked Vader 's ass . Come on , tell me you would n't feel that too !
The emperor sees this as well . He thinks he has won Luke over -- he even gloats a bit :
Good .... Now , fulfill your destiny ... and take your father 's place at my side .
From the emperor 's perspective it seems like this is all wrapped up , no ? Vader is lying there on the floor , Luke just turned , let 's close the deal ! But ...
Photo credit : Lucas Films
You can watch what happens next in two very different ways . The first , most obvious , is that Luke looks at his mechanical fist and then at his dad 's severed hand and realizes what could happen -- oh no ! Let 's make sure we come back from this ledge and stay on the Good side . This makes no sense in terms of Luke 's motivations .
Or , what I think , is that Luke looked at his fist and realized the effectiveness of his new power . Soaked in the revenge ( the movie was entitled Revenge of the Jedi originally , I think this is why ) and let the hatred indeed fill him ... indeed make him powerful .
Now , watch as he turns , rises , and faces the emperor full of arrogance and brimming with dark power . I think Hamill played this scene brilliantly :
Never . I 'll never turn to the dark side . You 've failed your highness , I am a Jedi , like my father before me ...
This would seemingly blow a hole in my story . Luke just flatly said he would never turn . He monologs for a bit about why he 'll be a Good Guy , always . He 's also lying through his teeth ( like he did to Jabba , above ) . But why would he lie ? Because he has to take out the emperor , and he knows his dad ( Vader ) is weak and vulnerable .
What happens next is a bit of deja vu . The emperor has realized that he has created just a little bit more than an apprentice -- he 's created a rival . Why else would the emperor stop with the taunts right then ? The emperor has Luke exactly where he wants him -- it does n't make any sense to stop now !
Unless the emperor fears Luke . As he should -- he just took Vader out of the equation .
The emperor tries to destroy him with the old shock treatment in the same way we saw in Revenge of the Sith ( facing off against Mace Windu ) . In that scene , Palpatine played on the sympathies of Anakin to cut Windu 's hands off so he could toss Windu out the window .
In this scene , Luke plays his dad in the exact same way to toss the emperor into the abyss . Ahh symbolism .
That shock treatment ? He basically brushed it off . Luke is a badass . It 's the only way this whole scene makes any sense at all .
Watch Those Scenes Again
Watch Luke 's eyes as he watches Vader die . Now , rather than the obvious thing ( that Luke is thinking about a lost relationship with his dad ) -- consider that Luke is upset about not being able to rule the galaxy as father and son .
It might not seem plausible , but it 's the only thing that ties up this gaping plot hole .
Consider Luke 's primary motivation at the very beginning : to find out more about his father , and to be a great pilot and jedi just like him . Is it so unreasonable to think he did just that ? He was betrayed by the person he trusted most ( Obiwan not telling him about his dad ) and Yoda warned him about his failure . The motivation is clear .
Watch Return of the Jedi again , but this time with the idea that Luke is actually drawn to his dad 's power and does n't have the ability/training to resist using it to destructively do Good . His demeanor is a little more serious throughout and he has a very palpable dark edge .
Jabba the Hutt found out what happens when you cross Luke ... which reminds me of something ...
Photo credit : Lucas Films
I ... I killed them . I killed them all . They 're dead , every single one of them . And not just the men , but the women and the children , too .
This post originally appeared on Medium .
Also on HuffPost :
feature image via Shutterstock
Please note : this post has been edited at the request of a previously featured performer . The only change made was to the recommended Crash Pad episode .
This video happened this week :
I have issues with this video , or more specifically about the way this video is being covered ? Maybe ? I have feelings . Lots of feelings . Watch the video , be a bit weirded out , then read my feelings below .
Not all lesbians are the same in bed . Shocking , right ? This video seems to assume that all lesbians do the exact same things in bed , and in fact says as much – “ that 's too many fingers , she looks fake. ” There 's also an element of body-shame : “ I 'm 24… ” “ She looks 44. ” And it 's all mixed up with this hierarchy of queerness , brought to you by the special moment where they define “ Gold Star Lesbian ” in big letters across the screen . Apparently all Gold Star Lesbians — lesbians who have never had sex with a cis man before — do n't like penetration . In fact , they ca n't take that much penetration because they have n't had a cis man inside their hoo-ha . This might not surprise you , but I call bullshit .
I want to be clear that I have nothing against the lesbians presented in this video .
I do , however , take issue with their astounding sex negativity and the producers ' sweeping generalizations that these women represent all lesbians .
Because we seem to be in the business of taking personal experience and applying it to all members of the lesbian community , I can refute several of these statements using my own personal experience or the personal experience of those close to me .
( 0:40 ) “ That 's too many fingers. ” – it 's probably not too many fingers .
( 0:43 ) “ Calling her bitch . That 's not sexy at all. ” – Actually , it can be sexy . If you 're into dom/sub play or power play , that can be incredibly sexy . I also suggest trying “ good little bitch , ” “ bad little bitch , ” and all the other degrees of bitches in between . If you like that . You do you .
( 0:53 ) Gold star lesbians do n't like penetration that much . – Aside from the notion that lesbians who have not ever had sex with men are somehow lesbian-er than the rest of us , the anonymous woman in the above linked essay had never had sex with a cis man before . Just FYI . Also I have had sex with a cis man before and right now I do n't like penetration that much . So there 's that . Basically the opposte of that notion . And I 'm a real lesbian . And so was that anonymous woman . And so are you , regardless of if you 've ever slept with a cis man , like penetration or do n't like penetration . Being “ a real lesbian ” is like being in kindergarten : you all get gold stars . Or like being an audience member on Oprah 's favorite things episode : “ YOU get to be a real lesbian . And YOU get to be a real lesbian . AND YOU ! AND YOU GET TO BE A REAL LESBIAN. ” If you identify as a lesbian , I support you . It 's all okay .
( 1:00 ) “ These are strippers ” – What 's wrong with strippers ? Also maybe I 'm reading too much into this , but does the video seem to imply that strippers ca n't be lesbians ? Weird .
( 1:05 ) When the participants start reacting to getting fucked with a stiletto heel – Yeah , okay , maybe you think that 's non normative and smacks of the male gaze . And maybe I personally am not into this . But some lesbians want to get fucked with objects . Have n't you ever seen an object so pretty that you 've been like , maybe I wan na stick that inside me ? No ? Well that 's okay , me neither really . But it 's super important to not yuck someone 's yum . Because when you yuck someone 's yum , that person feels shame . And there are enough people making our community feel shame about the sex we 're having . The valid part of this piece in the video , though , is when one of the participants brings up the fact that you do n't want to stick an object inside you that has been walking about town . This is true . Use a condom .
( 1:57 ) “ I have yet to see a porno that was made for a lesbian ” – I can give you some wicked recommendations . Porn made by lesbians for lesbians . Porn made by queer people for queer people . If we want to get super specific , especially if you 're as not into porn as these girls seem to be , I 'd start with [ redacted and replaced ] Crash Pad Episode 65 Tina Horn and Akira or Crash Pad Episode 92 Siouxsie Q and Sandy Bottoms . These are a good intro to porn in general , I would say . Especially because Shine Louise created Pink and White because she felt that porn made by queers for queer people did n't exist in the same kinds of numbers or quality that she wanted to see .
( 2:04 ) “ That 's gross ” – I feel like even if things do n't turn me on , I 'm not allowed to say it 's gross . Here is when I 'm allowed to say it 's gross : when sexual activity is nonconsensual or when it involves beings who are not capable , due to a large swath of circumstances , of consent . I 'm allowed to inform someone that what they 're doing is n't risk aware . I 'm allowed to inform someone that what they 're doing ca n't be made safe . But as long as consent is queen , I ca n't call it gross . Even if I do n't personally like the same things .
Even after all these things that I find hugely problematic , there are two things in the video that I find super valid to talk about .
Nails – In addition to inflicting possible pain on vaginas , long nails can do a number of anuses and mouths , too . And not just for the reasons outlined in the video – that you have the pokey potential of tearing tissue . You can also have bacteria that hides up under nails , which can lead to some un-fun times . Basically , if they do n't allow the kinds of nails you 're rocking on the people that work in hospitals , you probably do n't want to stick them in your various orifices without some protection . That does n't mean you ca n't have them . That means you should use gloves if you 've got long nails . Here are some sexy black ones .
The difference between girl on girl porn made for straight cis men and lesbian or queer porn made for lesbians – this is weird . Because we all know that difference is there , right ? And I , personally , am really glad this video acknowledges the difference . But at the same time , I think they may have missed the mark on what the difference really is ? Here 's what I look for when I 'm looking for “ real ” lesbian porn : I look for agency – I look for production companies that celebrate the acts that the performers want to take part in , and that do n't force models to take part in sex acts that they do n't want to do . I want to see what people are really doing in bed , not what someone at the top of the chain of command thinks people are really doing in bed . I want those models to be treated fairly and to be compensated fairly . I look for sex positivity – not shame . People shame others enough . I look for body positivity – nothing says “ patriarchy ” like the selection of only traditionally attractive humans for porn . I want to see a good mix of humans . I also think racial diversity without fetishizing is huge on my list .
Basically I want my porn to intersect with my feminism . I want real women really fucking the way they really want to . I do n't care if you 're fucking a shoe ( with a condom on it ) or you have v. long nails ( with gloves on them ) or if you wink at the camera because you know we 're watching . I wo n't yuck your yum , even if it does n't turn me on . But if porn does treat women of color like racist stereotypes , or glorifies the subjugation of women without disclosing their company practices , I will call it out .
It 's funny , though , that this video is less of a call out and more of a body shaming , sex-negative complain fest that kind of plays into the culture of porn that they 're taking issue with as not being lesbian enough .
It makes me feel feelings .
I 'd also like to point out that the representation in this video is thin and femme/feminine , also possibly entirely white . Now do n't get me wrong , not everything needs to be everything to everyone . I firmly believe that things are allowed to exist on the internet that do n't apply to me . But the claim has been made that these four people represent lesbians as a whole . I do n't think they do , and that 's putting it mildly .
And what weirds me out is that I have n't really seen this discussion go down in other media outlets . The reaction to this video has overwhelmingly been “ Thats HILARIOUS. ” Or “ OMG , so right ! ” So here I am , throwing my two cents in . I think there 's a huge gap between girl-on-girl porn produced by and for cis men and lesbian porn made by and for lesbians , but I 'm not sure this video should be the only thing that addresses the disparity .
Bio-engineers are working on the development of biological computers with the aim of designing small circuits made from biological material that can be integrated into cells to change their functions . In the future , such developments could enable cancer cells to be reprogrammed , thereby preventing them from dividing at an uncontrollable rate . Stem cells could likewise be reprogrammed into differentiated organ cells .
The researchers have not progressed that far yet . Although they have spent the past 20 years developing individual components and prototypes of biological computers , bio-computers today still differ significantly from their counterparts made of silicon , and bio-engineers still face several major obstacles .
A silicon chip , for example , computes with ones and zeros – current is either flowing or not – and it can switch between these states in the blink of an eye . In contrast , biological signals are less clear : in addition to ‘ signal ' and ‘ no signal ' , there is a plethora of intermediate states with ‘ a little bit of signal ' . This is a particular disadvantage for bio-computer components that serve as sensors for specific biomolecules and transmit the relevant signal . Sometimes , they also send an output signal if no input signal is present , and the problem becomes worse when several such components are connected consecutively in a circuit .
A biosensor that does not ‘ leak '
ETH doctoral candidate Nicolas Lapique from the group led by Yaakov Benenson , Professor of Synthetic Biology in the Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering at ETH Zurich in Basel , has now developed a biological circuit that controls the activity of individual sensor components using internal `` timer '' . This circuit prevents a sensor from being active when not required by the system ; when required , it can be activated via a control signal . The researchers recently published their work in the scientific journal Nature Chemical Biology .
To understand the underlying technology , it is important to know that these biological sensors consist of synthetic genes that are read by enzymes and converted into RNA and proteins . In the controllable biosensor developed by Lapique , the gene responsible for the output signal is not active in its basic state , as it is installed in the wrong orientation in the circuit DNA . The gene is activated via a special enzyme , a recombinase , which extracts the gene from the circuit DNA and reinstalls it in the correct orientation , making it active . “ The input signals can be transmitted much more accurately than before thanks to the precise control over timing in the circuit , ” says Benenson .
To date , the researchers have tested the function of their activation-ready sensor in cell culture of human kidney and cancer cells . Nevertheless , they are already looking ahead to further developing the sensor so that it can be used in a more complex bio-computer that detects and kills cancer cells . These bio-computers will be designed to detect typical cancer molecules . If cancer markers are found in a cell , the circuit could , for example , activate a cellular suicide programme . Healthy cells without cancer markers would remain unaffected by this process .
New signal converter developed
Still , combining various biological components to form more complex bio-computers constitutes a further challenge for bio-engineers . “ In electronics , the different components that make up a circuit are always connected in the same way : with a wire through which the current either flows or not , ” explains Benenson . In biology , there are a variety of different signals – a host of different proteins or microRNA molecules . In order to combine biologic components in any desired sequence signal converters must be connected between them .
Laura Prochazka , also a doctoral candidate student under Benenson , has developed a versatile signal converter . She published her work recently in the magazine Nature Communications . A special feature of the new component is that not only it converts one signal into another , but it can also be used to convert multiple input signals into multiple output signals in a straightforward manner .
This new biological platform will significantly increase the number of applications for biological circuits . As Benenson says , “ The ability to combine biological components at will in a modular , plug-and-play fashion means that we now approach the stage when the concept of programming as we know it from software engineering can be applied to biological computers . Bio-engineers will literally be able to program in future . ”
Stokes has described his fee as a `` a life-changing amount of money ''
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen says Monday 's auction for the Indian Premier League Twenty20 competition was `` another slap in Test cricket 's face '' .
England duo Ben Stokes and Tymal Mills were bought for £1.7m and £1.4m by Rising Pune Supergiants and Royal Challengers Bangalore respectively .
Pace bowler Mills only plays Twenty20 cricket because of back pains .
`` A T20 specialist becomes one of the current England team 's richest players , '' said Pietersen .
Pietersen has not played an international match since he was sacked by England in 2014 .
He has since become a T20 specialist and played in competitions in Australia , India , South Africa , the West Indies and in the Pakistani T20 tournament held in the UAE .
`` I embraced [ T20 ] eight years ago and it 's what caused me my P45 , '' said the 36-year-old on social media . `` I absolutely love how all these youngsters are now benefiting .
`` I love how T20 is growing the game . I 'm just saying that Tests are falling way behind at the moment . The ICC [ International Cricket Council ] needs to act and quick . ''
' I 'm struggling to put it into words '
England players Chris Woakes , Eoin Morgan , Jason Roy and Chris Jordan were also bought in the auction , while Jos Buttler and Sam Billings were retained by their franchises .
The fee paid for 25-year-old all-rounder Stokes made him the the most expensive overseas player in IPL history .
`` It 's a life-changing amount of money , '' said Stokes . `` I 'm struggling to put it into words .
`` I had n't thought about how much I would go for . I guess having more than one team wanting me was probably the best position to be in .
`` I just wanted to get picked up and play . I have n't been able to play in the past so that was the main thing , anything else was just a bonus .
`` I 'm looking forward to getting out there and getting involved . ''
Colors are perhaps the visual property that people most often misuse in visualization without being aware of it . Variations of the rainbow colormap are very popular , and at the same time the most problematic and misleading .
The rainbow color map is based on the colors in the light spectrum , and is sometimes done correctly , sometimes the colors are in the wrong order . Quick , name the colors in the rainbow in order ! See , that 's part of the problem . Even if they were used consistently , nobody would know the right sequence anyway . Here is an image to jog your memory , courtesy of Wikipedia .
Now take a look at this map from a paper on water resources published in the Journal of the American Water Resources Association , which I found on Cliff Mass 's fantastic weather blog . It describes the amount of evapotranspiration ( loss of rain water through evaporation ) by county for the 48 contiguous U.S. states .
Do you see the how the country is divided down the middle ? The Eastern half seems to be all dark green and blue , while the Western half is all light greens , yellow and orange . Surely , there is a huge difference between the two .
But let 's take a closer look at the legend .
As it turns out , the values change smoothly , but the colors do not . There are two problems here : abrupt changes in luminance ( perceived brightness of a color ) as well as switching between different hues .
Luminance
The combination of smoothly varying and abruptly changing luminance makes it appear as if there were clearly defined regions on the map . A version of the legend that only shows luminance , without hue , makes this a bit more obvious .
The color for 0.3–0.39 is darker than the neighboring colors , the luminance for 0.5–0.59 , 0.6–0.69 , and 0.7–0.79 is virtually the same , and then there is a big jump to 0.8–0.89 . The step size in terms of the data is no different , it 's simply an artifact of the color scheme .
Hue
What is more , the hue changes . As I have explained before , color names influence our perception of color . So let 's look at the full-color version of the legend again , and enumerate the hues .
White ( 0.0–0.09 ) . That 's a really odd choice to start with , since the background of the map is also white , and non-colors like white , black , and gray should be used for special values like missing data , etc . But that 's a topic for another posting .
( 0.0–0.09 ) . That 's a really odd choice to start with , since the background of the map is also white , and non-colors like white , black , and gray should be used for special values like missing data , etc . But that 's a topic for another posting . Pink ( 0.1–0.19 and 0.2–0.29 ) . These two by themselves would be okay .
( 0.1–0.19 and 0.2–0.29 ) . These two by themselves would be okay . Purple ( 0.3–0.39 ) . Different color , also much darker .
( 0.3–0.39 ) . Different color , also much darker . Blue ( 0.4–0.49 and 0.5–0.59 ) . Different color again , and the ramp is going in the opposite direction from the pinks , with the brighter color now representing the higher value .
( 0.4–0.49 and 0.5–0.59 ) . Different color again , and the ramp is going in the opposite direction from the pinks , with the brighter color now representing the higher value . Green ( 0.6–0.69 and 0.7–0.79 ) . Different color again , and the two are virtually the same .
( 0.6–0.69 and 0.7–0.79 ) . Different color again , and the two are virtually the same . Greenish yellow ( 0.8–0.89 ) . Another switch in hue , and this time also a dramatic jump in luminance , for no discernible reason .
( 0.8–0.89 ) . Another switch in hue , and this time also a dramatic jump in luminance , for no discernible reason . Yellow ( 0.9–0.99 ) . Hue number seven , and we 're not done yet .
( 0.9–0.99 ) . Hue number seven , and we 're not done yet . Orange and brown ( 1.0 and above ) . I 'll make this easy by lumping the final brown in with the oranges , even though you might argue that they are different colors ( brown is actually just very dark , desaturated orange , but it still has its own name ) .
So there are eight distinct hues here , sudden jumps in luminance , and the luminance does n't even change in a consistent direction . This is a beautiful example of a terrible color map , and one that is incredibly common in the scientific literature .
There are certainly reasons for using more than one hue . If there are ranges of values that are meaningful and important for the discussion to be able to differentiate . Or if there is an inherent distinction , say above and below freezing for temperatures . But there is no indication of that here .
Why Rainbows ?
Given the issues , why are the rainbow colormap and its variants so popular ? I think the answer is quite simple : it 's attractive . Using a single hue to show the data would be reasonably effective , but much less interesting to look at . What is more , if you 're looking to read off the individual values , the smooth ramp is actually worse because you ca n't look for a particular hue anymore . The cost is that you create lots of artifacts in the map , though .
There is a case to be made for color maps that have more than one or two hues , but that do not produce the sort of issues seen in this example . One approach is to use a color map where the luminance is constant or monotonically increasing ( meaning , it never changes direction ) . Constant luminance leads to very dull colors , but a well-designed color map with increasing luminance can look quite attractive . ColorBrewer has a few of those , at least for two colors .
Alternatives
Everybody in visualization knows ColorBrewer . Everybody . It 's almost silly to link to it again here , because it 's so widely known . And yet every year , there are again papers that use horribly bad color maps . ColorBrewer requires some care when using , but it has explanations to help pick a good color map . ColorBrewer colors tend to be available in many visualization packages ( D3 , etc . ) , though mostly the categorical variants .
There is also Adobe 's Kuler , which lets you design color palettes , but which requires some knowledge to use well . There are also many attractive color schemes to explore on that web site , but those were not designed for data visualization .
A paper many people have heard of , but few have read , is Borland and Taylor 's Rainbow Color Map ( Still ) Considered Harmful . They use synthetic data to show the issues , and go into more detail than I have done here , but I think the effect is much more impressive when it 's shown with a real example published in a science journal .
When mapping a continuous value , a ramp with a single color is always a safe choice . It may not look exciting , but at least it does the data justice . Anything beyond a single hue needs to be done deliberately , and not just to liven up a boring-looking image .
Conclusions
Despite its importance for perception and visualization , color continues to be a surprisingly little understood topic . People often seem to be content with default colors , or with an arbitrary selection that just happens to look good . But without great care when picking colors , you can do a lot of damage to your visualization .
For the most part , anime releasing on Blu-rays have higher quality than when it aired on TV since the animators and producers have more time to produce the show , fix up problems or add new things . But of course , not all releases are better , and when there were news that the Japanese Blu-ray release of Ordet and Tatsunoko Production 's original anime Wake up , Girls has been delayed to May 27 so that they could improve the quality , something must be wrong .
While we have previously focused on the censorship differences between the TV and Blu-ray editions of Pupa and Saikin , Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga , we will be looking at quality differences .
So how bad could the Blu-ray release of Wake-Up , Girls ! be to warrant the delay ?
From the above image it does n't seem too bad . All the changes seem quite subtle and may or may not have been improved .
But how about we take a closer look at the atrocity that was the initial Blu-ray release of Wake-Up , Girls ! before the delay ?
Click on the images for the full resolution . The images on the left are the TV version and the images on the right are from the Blu-ray release
It 's not great is it ?
Wake Up , Girls ! is an original anime series produced by animation studios Ordet ( Senyuu. , Black★Rock Shooter ) and Tatsunoko Productions ( Ping Pong The Animation , SKET Dance ) . The series aired from January this year for a total of 12 episodes , in conjunction with an animated prequel film Wake Up , Girls ! Shichinin no Idol . The idol anime was directed by Yutaka Yamamoto ( Senyuu. , Miyakawa-ke no Kuufuku ) with Touko Machida ( Lucky Star , Amnesia ) handling the series composition .
Here is a synopsis of the series from MAL :
Green Leaves Entertainment is a tiny production company on the verge of going out of business in Sendai , the biggest city in Japan 's northeastern Tohoku region . The agency once managed the careers of magicians , photo idols , fortune-tellers , and other entertainers , but its last remaining client finally quit . In danger of having zero talent ( literally ) , the president Tange hatches an idea of producing an idol group . On the brash president 's orders , the dissatisfied manager Matsuda heads out to scout raw talent . Matsuda makes a fateful encounter with a certain girl…
The first three Blu-ray volumes of Wake-Up , Girls ! will be available from Amazon Japan from May 27 . The images above are specifically from the second volume .
President Donald Trump speaks with reporters outside the White House on October 7 , 2017 .
ALEX EDELMAN/AFP/Getty Images
Trump associate Carter Page told the Senate Intelligence Committee Tuesday he plans to invoke his Fifth Amendment rights if called to testify before the committee investigating Russian election meddling , according to Politico . ( Page subsequently denied the Politico report to the Hill . ) Page , who served as a foreign policy adviser in the early days of the Trump campaign , has long been in the cross hairs of American investigators for his Russia links ; the FBI was even able to convince a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge to grant it permission to monitor Page 's communications as far back as July 2016 .
Page has financial links to Russia ; he worked for Merrill Lynch in Moscow and has financial ties to the Russian energy firm Gazprom . The former Trump adviser was also believed to be a recruitment target of Russian intelligence . It 's not clear whether Page has been subpoenaed to testify before the committee ; other Trump staffers have appeared voluntarily , but that may change as the investigation evolves and potential suspects and witnesses become more clear .
Page , for his part , has played the role of victim and has demanded to speak before the committee in the past and flailed accusations right and left that he is the target of a smear campaign . From Politico :
Page was eager for the committee 's attention earlier this year , when he showed up of his own volition to the panel 's secure office spaces on Capitol Hill to drop off a document he created alleging that he was the target of a smear campaign by Hillary Clinton 's aides . Clinton and her associates , Page alleged in his document — which he also shopped around to news organizations — were committing a hate crime against him by planting false stories about his ties to Russia , Page said . He was being targeted , he wrote in the document , because he was a Catholic male .
“ Page has been demanding the government release information about his communications that were picked up during surveillance operations , ” according to CNN . “ Page contends that he does not want to be caught in a ‘ perjury trap ' since the government has more detailed records about his communications . ”
Moscow ( AFP ) - Fewer than half of Russians with HIV are taking antiretroviral drugs , in part because of a conspiracy theory that the AIDS-causing virus is a myth invented by the West , officials and activists say .
While AIDS-related deaths and new HIV infections are falling across the globe , in Eastern Europe and Central Asia statistics grow more alarming by the year .
According to official figures , 80 people died daily from AIDS-related issues in Russia in the first six months of 2017 , up from about 50 daily deaths in 2016 .
Over 900,000 Russians are living with HIV today , with 10 new cases every hour , figures published by the government say .
But fewer than half are getting the medication that could help them lead a normal life and prevent them from passing on the virus .
Many declines to take the drugs voluntarily after reading online that HIV is a myth , officials said .
Many of those without therapy `` do n't want treatment for various reasons '' , said pro-Kremlin lawmaker Alexander Petrov , calling on NGOs to help `` reach out to those who do not believe ( that HIV exists ) '' .
Without treatment , an HIV positive individual can continue spreading the virus for many years and eventually die from AIDS .
While it is not clear how many of those not receiving treatment are denialists and how many are victims of drug shortages , cases of denying treatment to children have especially irked authorities .
`` It 's unacceptable in our day and age that children are dying while a range of treatment is available , '' said Alexey Yakovlev , head doctor of the Botkin hospital in Saint-Petersburg , where a 10-year-old girl died in August after her religious parents repeatedly refused to treat her .
But it is difficult to fight fake claims in the age of the internet , when a Google search leads desperate people straight to communities that offer comfortable untruths , activists say .
Denialism existed in the West and Africa , but globally `` died as an effective force '' , according to the website AIDSTruth which battled the phenomenon for years before declaring its work `` done '' in 2015 .
- Love of conspiracy theories -
In Russia , UNAIDS helped close down a denialist community on the popular Odnoklassniki network , but it simply moved to a different platform , said Vinay Saldanha , Regional Director for Eastern Europe and Central Asia for UNAIDS .
`` It 's unacceptable that there are ( HIV denialist ) forums and chats in Russia tolerated by certain platforms , '' he said . `` They are like rats , they ran to a different place and continued propagating their ideas , '' he said .
AFP found several denialist groups on the VK social network , the Russian Facebook equivalent , each with thousands of followers .
When asked by AFP why the group thinks HIV does not exist , the administrator of one of the communities said `` because it does n't '' , followed by a string of obscenities .
One of the groups calls HIV `` the greatest myth of the 20th century '' , instructs people how to deny treatment , and refers to HIV drugs as poison and doctors as killers working to enrich pharmaceutical companies .
`` One goal of the AIDS myth is decreasing the planet 's population to two billion by establishing total control '' through vaccinations , a top ideologue of dissident views Olga Kovekh told a local media outlet last month .
Kovekh is employed as a physician in a clinic in Volgograd .
Part of why such eccentric ideas catch on is `` Russians ' love of conspiracy theories '' and growing anti-Western rhetoric , said Yelena Dolzhenko , who works at Moscow-based AIDS prevention centre , the SPID.Tsentr foundation .
`` On TV they are talking about how Russia is surrounded by enemies and that we must fight everybody , '' she said , a perfect environment for planting ideas about a Western AIDS conspiracy .
- 'Druggies and American gays ' -
The phenomenon of denialism is also growing because the system of HIV centres in Russia is underfunded : doctors pressed for time lack the empathy to guide patients to legitimate support groups , said Yekaterina Zinger , director of the Svecha foundation in Saint-Petersburg .
`` The biggest reason ( for people becoming denialists ) is lack of consultation , '' Zinger said . `` People do n't get enough information and begin to think that somebody is hiding something from them . ''
`` The temptation to believe that it 's a myth is very high , '' she said , especially for heterosexual people that are not in risk groups commonly associated with HIV that `` do n't understand how it happened to them '' .
What is a graphic tablet ?
A Large size Wacom - Too big .
Photo editing - Using brushes and masks more efficient .
Illustration - Feels much more natural .
Handwriting Recognition .
Signatures on documents .
A graphic tablet is a pointing tool ( input tool ) , like a mouse . It comes with a stylus which operates only when it 's on the graphic tablet . In simple terms : a pen-shaped mouse which moves on a special pad . The pen itself is wireless and battery-free.New Wacom 's graphics tablets are cordless , battery-free , and without a trackball . There is no need to clean the pen and no need for unwanted strings . The Wacom tablet is relative to the screen . When the pen is in the center of the board , the cursor is at the center of the screen . The user does not need to look for the cursor and drag it on the screen.Wacom tablets work parallel to a mouse . A Graphic tablet connects to a USB port and does not require disconnecting the mouse.The sensitive pen allows precision , stroke pressure , recognizing tilt and rotation . The pen can perform things the mouse can't.Apart from being a substitute to the mouse , a graphic tablet can be a use in a number of areas , for example : Size preferences differ among users . In general , It 's recommended to choose medium size . Designers move to Medium after purchasing Large or Small tablets . A Small tablet is too sensitive to movements . while a Large tablet is less , requiring more arms movements.Yes , there are alternative . But , the Wacom 's models are Awesome - Proving themselves in each model.The active area is the area in which the tablet recognizes the pen . For example , if a graphics tablet Medium size , your active area is 223.5 to 139.7 mm.Pressure sensors feel the intensity of the pressure . This feature enables to perform strokes like a real pen , pencil , eraser or a brush . Pressure sensitivity ranges from 512-2048 and controls line thickness , color , transparency , etc .
A royal commission investigating child abuse in the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) on Tuesday heard disturbing allegations that teenage recruits were forced to rape and sexually abuse each other as part of “ initiation ” practices — collectively described as “ bastardization ” rituals . Angus Stewart , the counsel assisting the inquiry into the alleged sexual abuse at the former naval training base HMAS Leeuwin in Fremantle , Western Australia , and an army apprentice school at Balcombe in Victoria , said that he had been contacted by 111 people about child sexual abuse incidents within the ADF .
“ In most cases , this public hearing will be the first time that they 've told their experience of child sexual abuse publicly , ” Stewart said during his opening address to the royal commission .
Of these , 50 cases are alleged to have taken place at HMAS Leeuwin from 1960 to 1980 and at the Balcombe Army Apprentice School between 1970 and 1980 . According to Stewart , many of those sexually abused during their first six months at Leeuwin were 15- and 16-year-olds .
“ The Royal Commission will hear that most of the abuse was perpetrated by older recruits as part of an informal hierarchy in which older recruits physically and sexually abused more junior recruits as part of the ritualized practices of bastardization that were designed to break in and humiliate the new entrants to the Navy , ” Stewart said . “ Acts of bastardization described by survivors of abuse at Leeuwin including the following — ‘ blackballing ' or ‘ nuggeting , ' a practice that involved a junior recruit being held down by other junior recruits , with boot polish , toothpaste or other substance being forcibly smeared on his genitals or anal area , sometimes with a hard brush . ”
Stewart also alleged that the military 's “ institutional culture ” did not support the reporting of sexual abuse . When the victims did report the crimes , they were allegedly told that such incidents were a `` rite of passage to the real navy . ”
A victim identified through the pseudonym CJA , who gave evidence through his solicitor , said that he was warned that “ his life would likely be in danger if the junior recruits thought that he had ratted on them . ”
“ He was told by an ADF staff member that he would pay a dear price if he described what happened at Leeuwin as anything other than boys being boys , ” Stewart said .
Firefighters tossed object after object from an Upper West Side apartment while fighting a fire on Tuesday . Neighbors say the older couple living in the apartment were hoarders and they feared something like this would happen . Checkey Beckford reports .
A fire on the Upper West Side Tuesday afternoon exposed what appeared to be a dangerous crowding situation , with firefighters dumping huge piles of debris out of an apartment window .
Live video from Chopper 4 showed firefighters tossing significant amounts of material from the window of a third-floor apartment at 91st Street and West End Avenue .
`` It almost looked like they were shooting a movie , '' said neighbor Yechiel Rubin , who thought it was a scene from a comedy .
`` It was just funny , he threw out a mattress and a bunch of garbage , '' he said . `` Never-ending stuff just coming out there and coming out . ''
Raw : Chopper 4 Over a Fire on Upper West Side
Chopper 4 was over a fire on the Upper West Side Tuesday where debris was seen piled on the street . ( Published Tuesday , Feb. 21 , 2017 )
Fire officials say one civilian was taken to the hospital with a minor injury , and the blaze was contained to the one apartment in the 12-story building .
By the time the fire was under control just after 4 p.m. , workers were left to clean the mounds of items on the street below , using shovels and even their hands .
But the piles of everything from prescription bottles to letters and plastic bags to appliances barely seemed to move .
Neighbors Darryl and Karen Foster feared they would come home to find their building burned down .
`` It 's a disaster , '' said Darryl . `` It was a bad situation waiting to happen . ''
While the FDNY has not pointed to hoarding , the Fosters , who have lived in the building for 20 years , say it was common knowledge that the older couple who lived inside the apartment were hoarders .
`` They 're not well . They 're just not well people , '' said Karen .
If true , clinical psychologist Jeffrey Gardere says the fire has now dealt the victims a double-blow .
`` Not just the fire , but everything they treasure is out on the street . ''
( * ) Published on 2 October 2015 in Politico.eu .
Catalan independentismo won last Sunday 's regional elections . But it lost the so-called plebiscite on secession . As a result , Catalonia now faces a difficult future with its society divided and the links with the rest of Spain deeply eroded .
To understand the “ Catalan question ” it is important to bear in mind that until recently Catalonian society was roughly split into three parts .
One-third was formed by the communion of the rural population and the urban middle and upper classes who feel that Catalonia is a stand-alone nation due to its own language and culture , and greater prosperity than the rest of Spain .
The second third , which is sociologically less cohesive , was formed by descendants of immigrants from other Spanish regions who retain a predominantly Spanish identity and have Castilian as their mother tongue .
The last third has traditionally been made up of those with a shared Spanish-Catalan identity who tend to be truly bilingual . This mixed and complex sociological structure resulted in the dominance in Catalonia of two big moderate parties : the Catalan branch of the Spanish Socialist Party ( PSOE-PSC ) on the center-left and the regionalist Convergencia i Unió ( CiU ) on the center-right — which was in office for most of the period 1980-2010 .
The political status quo changed around 2010 for a number of reasons . CiU has been successful in using the regional administrative apparatus for a Catalan nation-building process and many citizens with a shared identity have become predominantly Catalan .
From 2009 onward , Catalonia , like the rest of Spain , experienced its biggest economic crisis since the Civil War . Austerity started to bite . In addition , in 2010 the Spanish Constitutional Court accepted the suit presented by the Spanish center-right People 's Party ( PP ) and partially outlawed the new home rule ( Estatut ) that the Catalonian parliament had agreed with the then socialist prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero . In parallel , in 2011 the Scottish National Party won a majority in Edinburgh and started negotiations with London to celebrate a binding referendum for independence , which eventually took place in 2014 , showing a plausible precedent for democratic secession within Europe .
All these elements have radicalized Catalan nationalism both on the left , which despises the conservative PP government in Madrid ( as Scottish nationalists do the Tories in London ) , and on the increasing populist center-right , which strives for full fiscal autonomy .
This increased polarization is apparent in the results of last Sunday´s elections . Most of the pro-independence camp , with the exception of the anti-capitalist CUP , had united to create a single list ( Junts Pel Sí , or JPS , “ Together for Yes ” ) and had announced that they would present a unilateral declaration of independence if they achieved a majority of seats ( 68 out of 135 seats ) .
Once the ballots were counted , it was clear that the parties campaigning for a single identity — either Catalonian ( JPS or the CUP ) or predominantly Spanish ( such as Ciudadanos ) — did well , with the exception of the PP , which is increasingly a minor actor in Catalonia . Those that favor more mixed identity politics , such as the PSC , Unió ( the moderate flank of the former CiU ) and the coalition around Podemos , performed disappointingly .
In other words , these elections have accentuated the identity split , not only because of the results , but also because the campaign was not based on a rational debate on whether it makes economic sense to have full fiscal autonomy or leave the EU , the eurozone or NATO . Rather , it pandered to nationalistic feelings and prejudices , particularly on the secessionist side .
The PP central government in Madrid is partially responsible for the rise of Catalan separatism . It has shown scant political flexibility , little sensitivity towards Catalan identity , especially on the language dimension , and has attempted to re-centralize power .
Its position is difficult . On the economic front , there is a desire by the business community to have a genuine single market in Spain , instead of 17 regional markets . On the political side , the Spanish Constitution says that Spain is a “ nation with minor nationalities , ” not a nation of nations like the U.K . Furthermore , the current semi-federal devolved system empowers the other autonomous regions to veto any further transfer of fiscal autonomy from Madrid to Barcelona that would surely reduce the funding of the poorest ones .
It is therefore debatable that a solution can be found in a binding referendum . The U.K. is an exception and not the norm . Almost no other country in the world has legal provisions to undertake an independence referendum , particularly when there is a divided demographic for identity and ethno-linguistic reasons . A referendum in Catalonia would only exacerbate the polarization . In this regard , although Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy can be criticized for his inaction , his silences have at least not contributed to increasing social tension .
So what will happen next ? Sunday 's results can not be understood as a democratic mandate for a unilateral declaration of independence . Although the pro-independence camp ( JPS & CUP ) got an absolute majority of seats ( 72 out of 135 ) , they received only 48 percent of the vote . This is a significant increase on the pro-indepencence population of less than one-third 10 years ago , but far from an outright majority . It is even questionable whether the JPS leader Artur Mas will stay in power , since the CUP has explicitly rejected offering him their support . Thus , the pro-independence camp has not only less power than is assumed — it would not even have enough seats to propose a reform of the Catalan Estatut — it is also ideologically split .
Ultimately , what happens in Catalonia will depend on the results of the Spanish elections in December . It is very likely that the new government in Madrid will be more open to negotiations with Barcelona on more symbolic recognition and fiscal powers . The Socialists , led by Pedro Sánchez , have already announced that they favor a federal “ third way ” ; and even Rajoy has stated that while the current legislature was centered on tackling the economic crisis , the next one will focus on the reorganization of the Spanish state .
Although demonstrably difficult , this third way might be accepted by most Catalans , just as “ devo-max ” was by the Scots . Our prediction : Political tensions related to Catalonia will run for a very long time . But independence remains a remote possibility .
Ignacio Molina ( @ _ignaciomolina ) and Miguel Otero-Iglesias ( @ miotei ) are senior analysts at the Elcano Royal Institute
By Brett Gillin
Wellston , Missouri no longer has a police department to call their own . The city of 2,300 watched as all 23 of their police officers were forced to turn in their badges earlier this week , after their police department was disbanded , thanks to a city council vote . While the move caught quite a few residents by surprise , those that were plugged into the tensions between the city council and the police department may have seen the writing on the wall .
As LEO Affairs reported earlier this year , tensions between a certain city councilwoman and the police department had been heating up for quite some time . Late in 2013 , Wellston police officers raided the home of Terrance Dixon after getting a tip that he was selling crack cocaine and heroin out of the house . Terrance Dixon happens to be the son of city councilwoman Janet Dixon , and according to sources , Councilwoman Dixon did not take kindly to the raid . A short time after the raid , three officers , including the one that captured Dixon on tape confessing to selling drugs out of his house , were fired by the city council .
While the original firings were reversed , when police were called to another incident , this time involving domestic violence , the suspect happened to be Terrence Dixon yet again . The officer was summarily fired , again , after attempting to get to the bottom of the domestic disturbance , most likely due to Councilwoman Dixon 's influence .
Despite the growing friction between the police force and the city council , Wellston police continued to do their jobs to the best of their ability , until Monday . That 's the day they found that the locks to the department had been changed , and that each of the 23 police officers were forced to hand over their guns and badges , according to Fox 2 News .
In an extremely interesting coincidence , according to KMOV.com , Councilwoman Janet Dixon was arrested on Monday morning under suspicion of possessing a defaced firearm . She was released from jail shortly after 3:00 pm on Monday , and happened to vote to disband the police department just four hours later .
The Wellston City Council voted 5-2 in a closed session to completely disband the police department . Instead , they would bring in officers from the neighboring Vinita Park to police their neighborhood . Officially , according to StlToday.com , the move was meant to cut spending in the cash-strapped city .
“ With limited resources , I think it is so important for our cities to at least consider collaborating and sharing more resources , ” Wellston Mayor Nate Griffin told reporters .
Wellston Police Chief G.T . Walker had a much different take on why the department was disbanded . He claims that it was a direct result of “ dirty politics ” that the department was disbanded , claiming that Dixon herself led the charge to disband the department after the arrests of her son and herself .
One of the other Councilwomen , Linda Garner , strongly opposed the move to disband the department , telling reporters that she was angry that the vote seemed to be made in extreme haste and without opening discussion with the public .
According to this report in Fox 2 , Former Police Chief G.T . Walker was offered a job in the new department , but he declined to take the job , saying he “ could n't take the job in good conscience ” after the other officers were let go .
Each of the officers will be “ eligible to apply for jobs ” this week in the new department . There is no official word as to how many job openings will be available for new police officers .
There are variations , but it 's a familiar trope .
“ Honey , I 'm home ! ” the well-to-do breadwinner says as he enters the house , a practical ranch , and hangs up his coat and hat .
This story first appeared in the June 10 , 2015 issue of WWD . Subscribe Today .
Ding !
“ Dinner 's ready ! Come inside kids ! ” The smiling wife — a pin-up-worthy looker and vacuum enthusiast — pulls a steaming meatloaf out of the oven , her hair perfect , her makeup expertly applied and her immaculate swing dress accessorized with an apron and heels .
Ah , the Golden Age : the oft referenced ( and romanticized ) era of the American dream when all was swell .
Yvonne Strahovski , coiffed and in pearls , is all too convincing as the model wife in ABC 's “ The Astronauts Wives Club. ” The show , premiering June 18 , is based on the book of the same name — essentially Tom Wolfe 's “ The Right Stuff ” from the female perspective . It tells the tale of the seven women married to the astronauts of the Mercury Space Program in the early Sixties , America 's first human spaceflight initiative .
“ The book is really a collection of anecdotes , stories , interviews and tidbits of their experiences together and as individuals , ” Strahovski says . “ It 's about these women who are under circumstances that no one had ever been under before . ”
The show opens in spring 1961 , the advent of the Space Race . Russia has just sent the first human to outer space and the pressure is on for the U.S. to settle the score . The Cold War , one fought via press and propaganda , is heating up and the good-ole boys are going to show the Russians who 's boss . Or at least that 's the perception NASA pushed onto the American public .
“ The show has this backdrop — this political climate , ” Strahovski says . “ It was such a transformative time in America . ”
In an effort to control the message , NASA enlisted Life magazine , which bought the rights to the couples ' “ personal stories ” to the tune of $ 500,000 when the men were recruited in 1959 . The magazine 's reporters and photographers were given exclusive access to the wives and their husbands , paying each couple $ 24,000 a year for the three-year project Mercury was set to run . Implicit in that exchange was painting the right picture — of the heroic American astronaut and his consummately supportive wife , an image constructed and diligently maintained by NASA .
“ There were a lot of requirements put on them by NASA , ” Strahovski says . “ They were required to cook their husbands a particular breakfast meal every morning . They were told the husband should n't have to worry about anything when he comes home . There were a lot of intricate , little details that went into the facade they were trying to present . NASA gave all the wives a car , a typical sort of family vehicle . They suggested completing the family with a dog . They had to be poised and present this ideal picture of family to America . ”
But behind the shiny veneer is fodder for great television : cheating husbands , competitive wives and the Swinging Sixties . These ordinary women were turned into instant celebrities long before there was reality TV stardom and Instagram fame . Needless to say , they were n't exactly image-savvy or media-trained . “ It 's not like they could go to a class and learn about how to conduct themselves in public while they 're being scrutinized or how to be interviewed , ” Strahovski says . “ It 's something these women had to learn on the fly . ”
She can relate . The Australian actress ' career took off almost immediately after drama school , when she landed the role of spy superbabe Sarah Walker on “ Chuck. ” “ I did n't realize that at some point I would start getting fan mail , ” she laughs . “ And when that happened , it was shocking to me . I was like , ‘ Oh , of course . This is something that 's actually reaching the public . ' ”
Strahovski has had a string of successful TV runs . Fanboys will remember drooling over her in “ Dexter , ” and “ 24 , ” but she 's flexing a different muscle with her “ Astronauts Wives ” role . Strahovski plays Rene Carpenter , the first wife of Scott Carpenter , the second American to orbit the Earth after John Glenn ( the couple divorced in 1972 and he would marry three more times ) . Rene 's not exactly fond of NASA 's rules . “ In the book , she 's described as the ‘ rebel , ' ” Strahovski says . That 's established in the first episode when the seven women are gathered for their first Life magazine photo shoot . NASA sent a memo asking each lady to wear a plain , pastel-hued shirtdress . Rene shows up in a loud floral-print Dior . “ She wanted to have her own voice and express herself . She did n't want to be this sheepish little Stepford Wife , ” Strahovski says .
Rene was rumored to be John F. Kennedy 's favorite astro-wife — she was slender and platinum blonde — and was cast in the press as the prom queen of the group . She ended up using her fame as a platform , going on to become a talk-show host and a vocal feminist . “ Everything she achieved in her time , it 's incredible , ” Strahovski says . “ Her journey is quite extraordinary . ”
Some might say out of this world .
English actress , singer
Dame Katherine Patricia Routledge , DBE ( ; born 17 February 1929 ) is an English actress and singer . She is best known for her role as Hyacinth Bucket in the BBC sitcom Keeping Up Appearances ( 1990–1995 ) , for which she was nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance in 1992 and 1993 . Her film appearances include To Sir , with Love ( 1967 ) and Do n't Raise the Bridge , Lower the River ( 1968 ) .
Routledge made her professional stage debut at the Liverpool Playhouse in 1952 and her Broadway debut in How 's the World Treating You in 1966 . She won the 1968 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her role in Darling of the Day , and the 1988 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical for Candide .
On television , she came to prominence during the 1980s in monologues written by Alan Bennett and Victoria Wood ; appearing in Bennett 's A Woman of No Importance ( 1982 ) , as Kitty in Victoria Wood as Seen on TV ( 1985–1986 ) , and being nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for Bennett 's Talking Heads : A Lady of Letters ( 1988 ) . She also starred as Hetty Wainthropp in the British television series Hetty Wainthropp Investigates ( 1989 , 1996–1998 ) .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Routledge was born in Tranmere , Birkenhead , Cheshire , to parents Catherine ( née Perry ) and Isaac Routledge . [ 1 ] Her father was a haberdasher [ 2 ] and during the Second World War , the family lived in the basement of his shop for weeks at a time .
She was educated at Mersey Park Primary School , Birkenhead High School , [ 3 ] now a state-funded Academy school , and the University of Liverpool . [ 4 ] At Liverpool she graduated with Honours in English Language and Literature [ 5 ] [ 6 ] and was not on a path to pursue an acting career . She was , however , involved in the university 's dramatic society , where she worked closely with the academic Edmund Colledge , who both directed and acted in several of the society 's productions . It was Colledge who persuaded her to pursue an acting career . [ 7 ] After graduating from Liverpool , she trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and launched her acting career at the Liverpool Playhouse . [ 8 ]
Career [ edit ]
Theatre [ edit ]
Routledge has had a prolific career in theatre , particularly musical theatre , in the United Kingdom and the United States . Her vocal range was labelled as a mezzo-soprano and a contralto . She has been a long-standing member of the Royal Shakespeare Company ( RSC ) , appearing in such acclaimed productions as the 1983 Richard III , which starred Antony Sher in the title role . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Her West End credits include Little Mary Sunshine , [ 11 ] Cowardy Custard , [ 12 ] Virtue in Danger , [ 13 ] Noises Off , [ 14 ] The Importance of Being Earnest , [ 15 ] and The Solid Gold Cadillac , [ 16 ] as well as a number of less successful vehicles . She was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her work in And a Nightingale Sang in 1979 . A classically trained singer , [ 17 ] she has occasionally made forays into operetta including taking the title role in an acclaimed production of Jacques Offenbach 's La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein at the 1978 Camden Festival ; `` As the Grand Duchess she invested every phrase , spoken or sung [ ... ] with wit and meaning , and coloured her tone to express a wide variety of emotions . Never did she resort to the hoydenish behaviour that this role — in British productions at least — seems to invite . `` [ 18 ]
Routledge made her Broadway debut in Roger Milner 's outrageous comedy , How 's the World Treating You ? in 1966 , returning in the short-lived 1968 musical Darling of the Day , [ 19 ] for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical , sharing the honour with Leslie Uggams of Hallelujah , Baby ! [ 20 ] Following this , Routledge had roles in several more unsuccessful Broadway productions including a musical called Love Match , in which she played Queen Victoria ; the legendary 1976 Leonard Bernstein flop 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , in which she portrayed every U.S. First Lady from Abigail Adams to Eleanor Roosevelt ; [ 21 ] and a 1981 musical , Say Hello to Harvey – based on the Mary Coyle Chase play Harvey ( 1944 ) – which closed in Toronto before reaching New York . [ 22 ]
In 1980 , Routledge played Ruth in the Joseph Papp production of The Pirates of Penzance , co-starring American actor Kevin Kline and pop vocalist Linda Ronstadt , at the Delacorte Theatre in New York City 's Central Park , one of a series of Shakespeare in the Park summer events . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] The show was a hit and transferred to Broadway the following January , with Estelle Parsons replacing Routledge . A DVD of the Central Park production , with Routledge , was released in October 2002 . She also performed in Façade at New York 's Carnegie Recital Hall . [ 25 ]
Routledge won a Laurence Olivier Award in 1988 for her portrayal of the Old Lady in Leonard Bernstein 's Candide in the London cast of the critically acclaimed Scottish Opera production . [ 6 ] She also played the role of Nettie Fowler to great acclaim in the 1993 London production of Carousel . [ 26 ] In a 2006 Hampstead Theatre production of The Best of Friends , she portrayed Dame Laurentia McLachlan . [ 27 ] In 2008 , she played Queen Mary in Royce Ryton 's play Crown Matrimonial . [ 28 ] More recent work include the narrator in The Carnival of the Animals with the Nash Ensemble in 2010 , [ 29 ] the role of Dame Myra Hess in the play Admission : One Shilling in 2011 , and Lady Markby in An Ideal Husband at the Chichester Festival Theatre in 2014 . [ 30 ]
Film and television [ edit ]
Routledge 's screen credits include To Sir , with Love ( 1967 ) , [ 31 ] Pretty Polly ( 1967 ) , [ 32 ] 30 Is a Dangerous Age , Cynthia ( 1968 ) , The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom ( 1968 ) , [ 33 ] Do n't Raise the Bridge , Lower the River ( 1968 ) , [ 34 ] If It 's Tuesday , This Must Be Belgium ( 1969 ) and Girl Stroke Boy ( 1971 ) .
Routledge 's early television appearances included a role in Steptoe and Son , in the episode `` Seance in a Wet Rag and Bone Yard '' ( 1974 ) , as a clairvoyant called Madame Fontana . She also appeared in Coronation Street , [ 35 ] and as a white witch in Doctor at Large ( 1971 ) . Also in 1971 , Routledge played Mrs. Jennings in the BBC mini-series production of Sense and Sensibility . However , she did not come to prominence on television until she featured in monologues written for her by Alan Bennett and later Victoria Wood in the 1980s . She first appeared in Alan Bennett 's A Woman of No Importance in 1982 , and then as the opinionated Kitty in Victoria Wood as Seen on TV in 1985 . She performed two further monologues in Bennett 's Talking Heads in 1987 and 1998 . Routledge was nominated for a British Academy Television Award for Best Actress for the monologue `` A Lady of Letters '' .
In 1990 , Routledge was cast as Hyacinth Bucket in the comedy series Keeping Up Appearances . [ 36 ] She portrayed a formerly working-class woman with social pretensions ( insisting her surname be pronounced `` bouquet '' ) and delusions of grandeur ( her oft-mentioned `` candlelight suppers '' ) . [ 37 ] Routledge delighted in portraying Hyacinth , as she claimed she could n't stand people like her in real life . In 1991 , she won a British Comedy Award for her portrayal , [ 38 ] and she was later nominated for two BAFTA TV Awards in 1992 and 1993 . The series ended at Routledge 's request in 1995 despite its ongoing popularity . She wished to pursue other roles as a character actress . During an interview on Australian TV Patricia stated this :
`` I 'd much rather people look back and say I remember that than say oh is that still on '' .
Another reason she wished the series to end is because she felt the writer , Roy Clarke , was re- writing old scripts . In 1989 , Routledge accepted the lead in another role , playing Hetty Wainthropp in the ITV mystery drama entitled Hetty Wainthropp Missing Persons . ITV opted not to pursue with a series after the pilot episode , so in 1996 BBC produced the series entitled Hetty Wainthropp Investigates , again with Routledge in the lead role , co-starring rising star Dominic Monaghan as her assistant and Derek Benfield as her husband . It first aired in January 1996 , and ran until the autumn of 1998 , with one special episode in 1999 .
She has also played several real-life characters for television , including Barbara Pym , and , in a dramatised BBC Omnibus biographical documentary of 1994 , Hildegard of Bingen . [ 39 ]
In 2001 , Routledge starred in Anybody 's Nightmare , a fact-based television drama in which she played a piano teacher who served four years in prison for murdering her elderly aunt , but was acquitted following a retrial . [ 40 ]
Radio and audio books [ edit ]
Routledge 's extensive radio credits include several Alan Bennett plays and the BBC dramatisation of Carole Hayman 's Ladies of Letters , in which she and Prunella Scales play retired women exchanging humorous correspondence over the course of several years . [ 41 ] A tenth series of Ladies of Letters premiered on BBC Radio 4 in 2009 . [ 42 ]
Radio work prior to 1985 included Private Lives , Present Laughter , The Cherry Orchard , Romeo and Juliet , Alice in Wonderland and The Fountain Overflows . [ 25 ]
Having a distinctive voice , Routledge has also recorded and released a variety of audiobooks including unabridged readings of Wuthering Heights and Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland and abridged novelisations of the Hetty Wainthropp series . [ 43 ]
In 1966 , she sang the role of Mad Margaret in Ruddigore , the title role in Iolanthe , and Melissa in Princess Ida , in a series of BBC Radio Gilbert and Sullivan recordings . [ 44 ] She took part in a studio broadcast of Tchaikovsky 's opera Vakula the Smith ( narrating excerpts from the work by Gogol ) in 1989 . [ 45 ] In 2006 , she was featured in a programme of the `` Stage and Screen '' series on Radio 3 . [ 46 ]
Charity work [ edit ]
Routledge is an ambassador for age-positive charity Royal Voluntary Service , previously known as WRVS . [ 47 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Routledge has never married , has no children , and as of June 2008 resides in Chichester , West Sussex , [ 48 ] and regularly worships at Chichester Cathedral . [ 6 ] As of July 2012 , she was a patron of the Beatrix Potter Society . [ 49 ]
Honours [ edit ]
Routledge was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 1993 Birthday Honours , Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2004 Birthday Honours , [ 5 ] and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to theatre and charity . [ 50 ]
In 2008 , Routledge received a Doctor of Letters degree from Lancaster University for her contribution to drama and theatre . [ 51 ]
Screen and stage work [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Stage [ edit ]
Discography [ edit ]
Cast recordings [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Year Album Notes 1973 Presenting Patricia Routledge Re-released on CD in 1996
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
By of the
Getting cut off in traffic is never pleasant , and many Wisconsin drivers might be double irked if the offending car is from Illinois .
But police say an Oconomowoc man went too far when he addressed the situation by pulling a gun during a road rage incident last month in Waukesha .
According to a criminal complaint :
Two drivers had just exited I-94 about 6:30 p.m. on Jan. 4 when one cut off the other as they pulled onto N. Grandview Blvd . heading south .
They each sped and slowed down , changed lanes and swore at each other once they came to a red light .
But then Michael J. Bukosky , 36 , pointed a gun at the other driver and said , `` That 's right - do n't ( expletive ) around in a concealed carry state . ''
The other driver ( who is actually from Wisconsin , but was driving his grandfather 's car ) , drove to a Walgreen 's parking lot and dialed 911 .
But Bukosky had beat him to it . Police asked the other driver if he had a gun . He said he did n't .
Bukosky told police the other driver swerved in front of him , forcing him to the shoulder , before they began yelling at each other . He said he told the other driver , `` We do n't drive like that in Wisconsin , go back to Illinois you ( expletive ) . ''
Bukosky told police he thought the other driver was reaching for a gun , so he pointed his own weapon at him and yelled , `` No , no , no . ''
Police confiscated a Ruger handgun with seven rounds from Bukosky . No weapons were found in the other man 's car .
Bukosky was charged Thursday with pointing a firearm at another , a misdemeanor . His initial court appearance is set for Feb. 11 .
Bukosky was married to Jennifer Bukosky , who along with her daughter and the couple 's unborn child , was killed in a high-profile impaired driving crash in 2008 . Former surgeon Mark Benson was convicted in the case and sentenced to 30 years in prison .
Recently , I wanted the ability to check if a user was active on my site . Having never done this before in rails , I Googled around for inspiration , but what I found was pretty disappointing . Most of the blog posts and answers on Stack Overflow were just variations of the same solution :
Add a last_seen column to the users table . Update the column with a current timestamp every time a user loads a new page . Check if last_seen was updated in the last fifteen minutes to determine who 's online .
Boo . Trading a bazillion extra trips to the database , for a 15 minute window where we can maybe assume a user is still active feels like a bad solution . It 's not just inefficient ; it 's unreliable .
We can do a lot better by using websocket connections instead of http requests and redis instead of an on-disk database . Granted , this could be overkill in a lot of cases , but if you 're already using websockets and/or redis in other ways , it fits in pretty naturally .
TL ; DR
The real secret sauce here is websockets , specifically that the server can tell when a websocket connection is closed . Redis just provides a nice little performance boost as it stores everything in memory instead of on disk .
The idea is to open a private user channel on every open page/tab/device . Every time a channel opens we increment a counter for the user opening it in our redis store and when a channel closes we decrement the same counter . We can then check redis to see if a user 's connection count is > 0 to determine if they 're online . We can even broadcast updates ( via websockets ) when a user arrives or leaves in order to update a user 's online status in real time .
This way we get reliability up to the millisecond without any expensive writes to disk . It 's even more efficient if you 're using something like turbolinks or PJAX and can get away with only opening one connection across multiple pages .
Coding It Up
Here 's what implementing this might look like in Rails 4 and jQuery . Although , it should n't be too hard to port the core concepts over to some other language or framework .
The first thing we need to do is get all of our dependencies installed . Make sure you have redis up and running on your machine . We 'll also be using websocket-rails , redis-rb and devise . ( Although devise is n't strictly necessary , it saves us from writing a lot of user authentication boilerplate . )
First let 's add the gems we need to our Gemfile :
gem 'devise ' gem 'redis ' gem 'websocket-rails '
Run bundle install and then follow the devise guide to create an `` authenticatable '' user model .
Next , let 's setup our redis initializer : 1
# congif/initializers/redis.rb $ redis = Redis . new ( : host = > 'localhost ' , : port = > 6379 , : driver = > : hiredis )
Then we 'll run the generator to setup the websocket-rails gem :
rails g websocket_rails : install
Now let 's create a unique key to use as the name for a user 's private channel . You 'd probably ok just using a user 's id as the channel name but I always feel safer exposing something non-sequential .
# create a new migration class AddChannelKeyToUsers < ActiveRecord : : Migration def change add_column : users , : channel_key , : string end end
# app/models/user.rb . . . before_create : generate_channel_key private def generate_channel_key begin key = SecureRandom . urlsafe_base64 end while User . where ( : channel_key = > key ) . exists ? self . channel_key = key end . . .
Make sure to run rake db : migrate after you create your migration . While we 're in the user model , let 's add a `` concern '' to handle checking and setting who 's online .
# app/models/concerns/users/online_status.rb module Concerns module Users module OnlineStatus extend ActiveSupport : : Concern HASH_KEY = 'online_users ' included do scope : online , find_all_by_id ( $ redis . hgetall ( HASH_KEY ) . keys ) end def online ? $ redis . hget ( HASH_KEY , self . id ) . to_i > 0 end def seen $ redis . hincrby ( HASH_KEY , self . id , 1 ) end def left user_connections = $ redis . hincrby ( HASH_KEY , self . id , - 1 ) $ redis . hdel ( HASH_KEY , self . id ) if user_connections < = 0 user_connections end module ClassMethods def online_count $ redis . hlen HASH_KEY end end end
# app/models/user.rb class User < ActiveRecord : : Base include Concerns : : Users : : OnlineStatus . . .
After that let 's create a websocket controller to handle authorizing the user channel connections , updating redis with the connection count , and pushing updates to the client when a user arrives or leaves :
# app/controllers/web_sockets/authorization_controller.rb class WebSockets : : AuthorizationController < WebsocketRails : : BaseController def get_channel_key if user_signed_in ? key = current_user . channel_key WebsocketRails [ key ] . make_private send_message : key , key , : namespace = > : user else send_message : key , nil , : namespace = > : user end end def authorize_user_channel if user_signed_in ? and current_user . channel_key == message [ : channel ] if current_user . seen == 1 WebsocketRails [ : online_users ] . trigger `` seen '' , current_user end accept_channel nil else deny_channel nil end end def client_disconnected if current_user . left < = 0 WebsocketRails [ : online_users ] . trigger `` left '' , current_user end end end
Next we subscribe our client side events to their appropriate controller actions :
# config/events.rb WebsocketRails : : EventMap . describe do subscribe : client_disconnected , 'web_sockets/authorization # client_disconnected ' namespace : user do subscribe : get_channel_key , 'web_sockets/authorization # get_channel_key ' end namespace : websocket_rails do subscribe : subscribe_private , 'web_sockets/authorization # authorize_user_channel ' end end
Finally we 'll write few little javascript classes2 to initialize the user channel connection and monitor when users arrive and leave . Note we 're using jQuery along with the jQuery cookie plugin .
var UserChannel = ( function ( ) { var dispatcher , channelName , cookieName = 'user_channel_key ' ; function init ( globalDispatcher ) { dispatcher = globalDispatcher ; dispatcher . on_open = connect ; channelName = $ . cookie ( cookieName ) } function connect ( ) { if ( channelName ) { getChannel ( channelName ) ; } else { getKey ( ) ; } } function getKey ( ) { dispatcher . bind ( 'user.key ' , function ( key ) { $ . cookie ( cookieName , key , { expires : 30 } ) ; getChannel ( key ) ; } ) ; dispatcher . trigger ( 'user.get_channel_key ' , { } ) ; } function getChannel ( key ) { var channel = dispatcher . subscribe_private ( key ) ; channel . on_success = function ( ) { // listen for notifications or some other user specific event } ; channel . on_failure = function ( reason ) { $ . removeCookie ( cookieName ) ; console . log ( `` Authorization failed because `` + reason . message ) ; } ; } return { init : init } ; } ) ( ) ;
var UserMonitor = ( function ( ) { var dispatcher , channel , onlineUsers , $ userCountContainer ; function init ( globalDispatcher ) { dispatcher = globalDispatcher ; channel = dispatcher . subscribe ( 'online_users ' ) ; channel . bind ( 'seen ' , userOnline ) ; channel . bind ( 'left ' , userOffline ) ; setOnlineUserCount ( ) ; } function setOnlineUserCount ( ) { $ userCountContainer = $ ( ' # online-user-count ' ) ; if ( $ userCountContainer . length ) { onlineUsers = parseInt ( $ userCountContainer . html ( ) , 10 ) ; } } function userOnline ( user ) { var $ onlineUser = $ ( '.user-online [ data-user-id= '' ' + user . id + ' '' ] ' ) ; $ onlineUser . addClass ( 'online ' ) ; $ onlineUser . removeClass ( 'offline ' ) ; $ onlineUser . html ( 'online ' ) ; if ( $ userCountContainer . length ) { updateOnlineUserCount ( ++ onlineUsers ) ; } } function userOffline ( user ) { var $ offlineUser = $ ( '.user-online [ data-user-id= '' ' + user . id + ' '' ] ' ) ; $ offlineUser . removeClass ( 'online ' ) ; $ offlineUser . addClass ( 'offline ' ) ; $ offlineUser . html ( 'offline ' ) ; if ( $ userCountContainer . length ) { updateOnlineUserCount ( -- onlineUsers ) ; } } function updateOnlineUserCount ( count ) { $ userCountContainer . html ( count ) ; } return { init : init } ; } ( ) ) ;
$ ( document ) . on ( 'ready ' , function ( ) { var globalDispatcher = new WebSocketRails ( 'http : //localhost:3000/websocket ' ) ; UserChannel . init ( globalDispatcher ) ; UserMonitor . init ( globalDispatcher ) ; } ) ;
I also chose to set the channel key cookie in rails after a user logs in to keep from having to call getKey ( ) in most cases .
# app/controllers/application_controller.rb . . . USER_CHANNEL_KEY = 'user_channel_key ' def after_sign_in_path_for ( resource ) if resource . is_a ? User set_user_channel_cookie end super end def after_sign_out_path_for ( resource ) if resource . is_a ? User clear_user_channel_cookie end super end private def set_user_channel_cookie key = current_user . channel_key WebsocketRails [ key ] . make_private cookies [ USER_CHANNEL_KEY ] = { : value = > key , : expires = > 30 . days . from_now } end def clear_user_channel_cookie cookies . delete USER_CHANNEL_KEY end . . .
And with that , we 're all done . Now we 're able to wire up an online users page like so :
# app/controllers/user_controller.rb . . . def online @ online_users = User . online @ online_user_count = User . online_count end . . .
< % # app/views/user/online.html.erb % > < % @ online_users . each do | user | % > < div > < % = user . email % > - < span class= '' online-user '' data-user-id= '' < % = user . id % > `` > < % = user . online ? ? 'online ' : 'offline ' % > < /span > < /div > < % end % > < div > < span id='online-user-count ' > < % = @ online_user_count % > < /span > users currently online < /div >
Wrapping Up
While this might seem like a lot of work for such a small feature we can reuse the user channel we created to push other user related events like notifications or messages in real time .
If you 've been paying close attention you 'll notice that there 's still one flaw with our setup : if a user opens a tab and then walks away from their computer , three hours later they 'll still be considered “ online. ” This should n't be too difficult to solve , but how you choose to handle this really depends on your app . One reasonable solution would be to just close any connection that 's older than 5-10 minutes on the server and update redis and the client accordingly . However , if you 're writing a one page app or using turbolinks/pjax you might want to consider handling these sorts of timeouts client-side .
I think that just about covers it . Let me know what you think , questions , comments and suggestions are more than welcome .
1 Notice we 're using ‘ hredis ' as our driver . “ Websocket-rails ” requires “ thin ” as a webserver which seems to cause conflicts with redis ' default driver , ‘ synchrony . ' Note that hredis wo n't work with JRuby .
The expected flyby of NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft past Pluto and its moons on Tuesday mark an end of an era of space exploration . But there are so many more discoveries to be made in our solar system . And as the species achieves what once seemed only the glimmer of possibility in reaching Pluto , it 's impossible to not wonder : What should NASA do next ?
One day in the future , perhaps we 'll study scientific questions about space by flying on solar sails from one corner of our solar system to another , or making the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs . For now , planning these major explorations takes a lot of time and planning -- and money . NASA has some big plans in the years ahead -- sending a better lander to Mars or launching a spacecraft to study Jupiter 's moon Europa more closely . But planetary scientists and advocates of exploration have imaginations that go beyond NASA 's budgetary and political limits . And they have some ideas for what humanity might do next that matches or even exceeds the scale and complexity of what the New Horizons mission to Pluto is trying to attain .
Carolyn Porco , leader of the imaging science team on the Cassini probe mission , is ready for a return to Saturn 's orbit . She thinks that one priority should be a return trip to our planet with samples from Enceladus , an icy moon orbiting Saturn that was found to have a deep sea beneath its surface . Such a mission could possibly help answer a profound question about whether there are signs of life anywhere else in our solar system .
“ The tools on Earth are far more sophisticated than anything we can send to Saturn , ” she said . “ We could do a bang-up job . ”
Another advocate of exploration of our solar system wanted to look beyond Saturn , but not quite as far as Pluto and the Kuiper belt objects that New Horizons might now study .
Emily Lakdawalla , the senior editor of the Planetary Society , said she hoped Neptune and Uranus might receive more attention in our exploration of the solar system . While she admitted to being a fan of underdogs , she offered scientific reasons to study the ice giants , too . Notably , the eventual arrangement of the planets shaped the Kuiper belt and the movement of comets deeper into our solar system , activities that have had major implications for our species .
“ They all get back to the big question of how did we get here ? ” she said . “ Planets of this size are very important in the origin and development of our solar system . ”
Many scientists are also eager to more deeply study bodies beyond our solar system . One , Sara Seager of M.I.T. , described the growing interest among scientists and the public more broadly .
“ There 's a huge , growing groundswell of people who are just so excited about the search for other planets , ” she said . “ This is a real step in the direction of trying to understand if we 're alone out there . ”
Dr. Seager works with NASA to study a proposal called a starshade , which would help telescopes see these planets by blocking out the light of their stars , making them more visible . The ability to complete such a project , she said , is our best opportunity in the near term to identify an Earth-like planet .
These experts have their own varying reasons for favoring one major space exploration project over another . Now we want to know what you think NASA 's next major priority should be . Select your preferred mission and make your case . We 'll highlight some of the best replies on NYTimes.com soon . A Times journalist may use your email address to contact you , but it will not be published .
Football practice is underway , and we 're just weeks away from kickoff . To get you ready , we 're bringing back our series looking at the best-case and worst-case scenarios for each Big Ten team in 2014 .
Do not view these as predictions in any way shape or form . They are meant to illustrate the realistic potential highs and lows for a team 's season , and any game-by-game breakdowns are more of a means to an end than anything else . And we 're trying to have some fun here .
Let 's get things started with the Wisconsin Badgers :
Best case
`` This , '' Melvin Gordon tells a throng of media , `` is why I came back to school . ''
Gordon utters these words in Arlington , Texas , at the press conference leading up to the 2015 national title game . It 's been a dream season for the Badgers and Gordon , who won the Heisman Trophy a few weeks earlier after rushing for 2,000 yards .
Wisconsin 's season fittingly begins and ends in Texas . The year starts with an upset win over LSU in Houston , as the running game and revamped defense were enough to nip the young Tigers by a score of 28-27 . That Week 1 victory propelled the Badgers into the Top 10 . And from there , as expected , Gary Andersen 's team waltzes through the next couple months of its schedule .
Gordon follows up his 150-yard , three-score performance against LSU with four 200-yard days , while backfield mate Corey Clement piles up over 1,000 yards on the season as well . Quarterbacks Joel Stave and Tanner McEvoy form a productive tandem , with McEvoy providing a new running threat from under center .
Wisconsin is barely tested until Nebraska comes to Madison on Nov. 15 , and offensive coordinator Andy Ludwig unleashes a new game plan on the Huskers that leads to a second straight 70-point showing vs. Big Red . The Big Ten title is on the line the following week at Kinnick Stadium , and the hard-fought contest brings back memories of 2010 when a perfectly-executed fake punt leads to a clinching Gordon touchdown . The Badgers roll past Minnesota yet again and then oust Michigan State in the Big Ten title game on a Hail Mary touchdown pass from McEvoy to Kenzel Doe .
Barry Alvarez does n't need to convince the selection committee that a 13-0 Wisconsin deserves a spot in the four-team field , especially since LSU has gone on to win the SEC title . Seeded No . 2 in Pasadena , the Badgers are matched up against surprise Pac-12 champions Arizona State . The game is tied when Stave is tackled at the Sun Devils ' 10-yard line with what appears to be no time left . But the officials huddle and decide that one second should be put back on the clock . Jack Russell kicks the game-winning field goal . The dog from `` Frazier '' barks in celebration from his spot on the Rose Bowl sideline .
Few are giving the Badgers much of a shot to beat defending champion Florida State in the title game . But it hardly matters . The program has already taken a major step forward and announced itself as elite , and five-star recruits are eager to sign on for Andersen . Also , Arkansas goes 0-12 and fires Bret Bielema .
Worst case
The preseason hype around the Badgers -- which includes a No . 14 ranking in the coaches ' poll -- seems unjustified considering the heavy personnel losses in the defensive front seven , the questions at quarterback and receiver and the lack of depth on the offensive line . And those issues are quickly exposed .
A young but athletically gifted LSU blows out Wisconsin by three touchdowns in the opener . The Tigers load up against the running game and hold Gordon to just 70 yards ; the Badgers passing game ca n't make the defense pay , as Stave throws a pair of interceptions and McEvoy is ineffective .
Wisconsin regroups to win its next three at home against overmatched opponents , but a resurgent Northwestern squad pulls off an upset win on Oct. 4 in Evanston . Andersen 's team continues to juggle quarterbacks and seek receiving threats until Maryland uses its high-powered offense to register its first marquee Big Ten victory in Madison on Oct. 25 .
The Badgers rebound to beat Rutgers and Purdue on the road , but Nebraska proves too fast and too motivated in a two-touchdown Huskers win on Nov. 15 . Now staggering , Wisconsin loses the next week on the road at Iowa and finally falters against Minnesota . The Gophers are so happy that they do n't just chop down one Camp Randall goal post . They keep going until they 've turned State Street Brats into mere kindling . Minnesota goes on to win the Big Ten title .
A 6-6 record and that rough finish puts Wisconsin in Detroit for bowl season . Arkansas makes a startling turnaround to win the SEC title , as Bielema claims national coach of the year honors . LSU buys out of its return game to Lambeau Field . New Glarus closes its doors , relocating to Minneapolis .
The “ artificial intelligence ” found in most computer games is n't very intelligent at all . Characters in the games tend to be controlled by algorithms that produce patterns of behaviors designed to seem natural and realistic , but the characters are actually rigid , with no capacity to learn or adapt .
One company hopes to come up with something a lot smarter by providing a platform that lets software learn how to behave within a game , whether in response to basic stimuli or to more complex situations . The hope is that this kind of learning will eventually allow complex behavior to emerge in game characters—and make for better AI in a range of applications .
Keen Software , based in the Czech Republic and the U.K. , makes several “ sandbox ” games in which players can construct complex virtual structures and machines using realistic materials and physics . This July , the company spun out a business called GoodAI that aims to develop sophisticated AI using machine learning . Marek Rosa , Keen 's CEO , invested $ 10 million of his own money in the new company .
GoodAI has released open-source software called Brain Simulator that can be used to train a series of artificial neural networks in how to respond to stimuli from a game environment . Through trial and error , these networks can learn how to play a simple game . And several networks can be chained together to create more complex behavior , making it possible for software to learn how to achieve an objective that may require numerous steps .
The company 's researchers have shown that Brain Simulator can be used to train software to play some simple two-dimensional games . These include Breakout , in which a player bounces a ball off a wall of bricks ( which disappear once hit ) , and a maze game that requires completing a series of different tasks .
The virtual character in the maze game “ will start to do some random actions , and will be observing how he is changing the environment , or how it 's changing him , ” Rosa says . “ While he 's changing the environment , he 's learning all these associations and these patterns . ”
Learning associations and patterns happens to be a key goal for AI in general , which is why Rosa hopes to eventually develop forms of artificial intelligence with broad utility beyond games . That 's reminiscent of the approach taken by an AI startup called DeepMind that Google bought last year ( see “ Google 's AI Masters Space Invaders ” ) .DeepMind is using customized machine-learning approaches to teach software to play various simple games .
AI researchers have long used game play as a way to test artificial-intelligence software , says Roman Yampolskiy , an assistant professor at the University of Louisville . “ From checkers to chess to poker and go , some of the greatest accomplishments in AI research have been demonstrated around the game board , ” he says . What 's interesting about the approach GoodAI and DeepMind are taking is their computers are not given prior understanding of a game 's rules , he says .
However , it 's still not clear whether the strategy will be useful beyond games . Yampolskiy , who has looked at GoodAI 's software , says that while it is a worthwhile contribution to the field , it may be very hard to use as the basis for a more general-purpose AI .
Exhibition at design gallery ZEITLOS – BERLIN from 13 October to 9 December 2012
As starting signal for the Design Mile , ZEITLOS – BERLIN in stilwerk presents Safety , Speed Comfort , early travel posters from two exquisite private collections . With its extensive collection of the period between the roaring Twenties and the unburdened Fifties , the Berlin design gallery provides the perfect frame for these precious icons of emerging tourism .
Still today , the motives of these advertisements for long distance journeys convey the new sensation of desire and longing for the exotic , and euphoria triggered by a new experience of accessibility of dream destinations out of reach so far . Also the contemporaries of the 21st century feel magically attracted by these impressive ocean liners , stylish fast trains , futurist zeppelins , and racy prop airliners . They radiate an everlasting fascination lifting the viewer from the daily routine into faraway and strange countries . The message of these posters releases a whole genre of films in our imagination which stand for zest for luxurious vehicles and remote destinations ( e.g . Casablanca , Murder on the Orient Express , Death on the Nile ) . This new , mobile way of living had a strong influence on furniture design at the time : light steel tube constructions and exotic wood inlays ousted massive German oak , floating , subtle fabrics gleamed in lieu of dim , heavy velvet , aluminium and chrome flashed up where brass and silver had to be polished before .
Ludwig Hohlwein , 1912
Eduard Edler , 1923
But times have changed : While travelers moved in small and exclusive circles then , contemporaries have to mingle with endless streams of todayʼs mass tourism in our “ all inclusive ” era . The atmosphere of breathless break-up of the incipient long distance journeys with new , safe and fast vehicles had no notion yet of future problems with decreasing resources , toxic emissions and endangered native populations , species , and habitats .
Every single poster of this museum-like selection of approx . 40 exhibits from the private collections of Joachim Apitz and Marc Wegner presents a valuable document of the new possibilities in intercontinental traveling . They are also authentic reflections of their actual Zeitgeist , fashions , and styles of which ZEITLOS – BERLIN presents objects such as deck chairs , armchairs , tables , bookshelves , lamps , etc . As a particular highlight , a rare souvenir of the Titanic recalls the tragic accident after which safety standards in traveling were to be radically changed .
A catalogue will be published .
The exhibition runs until 9 December 2012 .
Brignola , 1924
Bruno Grimmer , 1929
Henry Ehlers , 1931
Hermann Schneider , Berlin Friedenau , 1936
Theodor Etbauer , ca . 1930
Otto Arpke , 1931
Theodor Etbauer , 1927
Ottomar Anton , 1937
Albert Fuss , ca . 1930
A . Di Vece , ca . 1938
Edmond Maurus , 1947
anonym , ca . 1950
Albert Fuss , 1936
Aage Rasmussen , 1937
Aage Rasmussen , 1951
Frank Soltesz , 1946
Hans Rudi Erdt , ca . 1910
Ludwig Hohlwein , 1912
Comments
comments
Today , Amazon AppStream 2.0 is introducing On-Demand fleets , a new type of fleet that can help you optimize your streaming costs . With this addition , you can now select between two different types of fleets when building your AppStream 2.0 streaming environment . With Always-On fleets , users get instant-on access to their applications , but you are charged streaming fees for all instances in the fleet , even if no users are connected . With On-Demand fleets , users experience a small delay accessing their first application . However , you are only charged streaming fees for instances when users are connected , and a small , fixed hourly fee for instances in your fleet that are not being used . On-Demand fleets provide an additional way to help you reduce your streaming costs while retaining the capability to use features such as auto-scaling your fleet size based on user demand , monitoring , and easy updates to your applications .
Categories12 reasons for doing gardening gardening benefits gardening hobby reasons why you should take gardening as a hobby
What is a hobby ?
As per Wikipedia “ A hobby is a regularly undertaken activity that is done for pleasure , typically during one 's leisure time ” . In this article , we will discuss Gardening as a hobby and it benefits to society .
The primary focus of any hobby is to gain some recreation and not much that of earning money .
Hobby gives delight and helps in passing the leisure time . We will see how far as gardening is able to fulfill those needs as we go along the article .
Most of us follow some hobby or the other . Hobbies differ from person to person . There can be as many hobbies as there are men and women in the world .
Tastes differ and so do hobbies . Stamp collecting , coins collecting , photography , swimming , Gardening , kite-flying , etc. , are a few of the common hobbies .
Everyone should have some hobby . It not only enriches us but also provides the vital energy boost to propel in our professional life as well .
Need more information ? Check out our Youtube channel for cool videos
Gardening As A Hobby :
Gardening is my hobby . It brings me in touch with the green plants and flowers and filled my lungs with pure Oxygen . We can derive great pleasure from Gardening , growing flowers and some vegetables of the season .
It is useful in many ways . Through this blog , I made an attempt to create an awareness about planting as a hobby . Gardening is not only an activity associated with recreations only . It has everlasting benefits .
Benefits of Having Gardening As A Hobby :
Following are the 12 reasons that make gardening one of the best hobbies for a person .
REASON 1 :
Gardening is an incredible activity to do with kids . Children can learn the names of colors , fruits , and vegetables .
By planting and harvesting , they will also learn to count . And , of course , knowing how to grow food is a skill that will assist them through their entire life .
So when they 're not playing video games they could be gardening .
REASON 2 :
Gardening enables kids to spend time in nature , being up close and personal with butterflies , ladybugs , worms , ants , and spiders .
It allows children to get comfortable with soil while learning that food comes from the earth and not a drive-through .
Related Article : Benefits of Aquaponics
REASON 3 :
Gardening is a great way to teach your children , ownership , and responsibility . It 's a good idea to get them their own tools .
It a llow them to be in charge of their little patch of earth . It will demand their attention to watering , weeding , and harvesting .
REASON 4 :
Gardening also teaches children two universal truths .
How to sustain themselves in their environment . and That resources are not infinite , and it needs to be cultivated .
REASON 5 :
Get 100 % organic food all by yourself
Though you can get Organic vegetables outside in the market , you never really sure of its quality . There are always doubts about exactly how it is grown UNLESS you do it yourself .
When you grow your own garden , you decide what goes in the soil and to the plant and more importantly WHAT DOES N'T .
Related Article : How to grow your own fertilizer
REASON 6 :
Any produce is at its peak nutritional value when ripe . Fruits and vegetables are plucked well before they mature . Then they have to travel a long way before they come to the supermarkets . It may even become ripe by the time you eat it .
The nutrition in the fruit comes from the stem of the living plant . and the value actually decreases with each and everyday , after harvest .
When you have your own garden you get the vegetable as nutritious as it can get .
REASON 7 :
Gardening provides all three types of exercise .
If you are a gardener , you know what I mean . With the proper Tools Around The House set gardening provides endurance , flexibility , and strength all by itself .
Gardening burns enough calories , that also keeps you fit .
REASON 8 :
Gardening is great for your immune system . According to author Joel Salatin , getting in the dirt can actually help boost your immune system ! “ A little dirt do n't hurt ! ”
REASON 9 :
Gardening Saves you Money . The average family with a vegetable garden can save a lot of money when they grow veggies rather than buying them from outside .
This might sound a very little , but over the years these amounts add up .
REASON 10 :
Imagine a situation . You might have forgotten to take cilantro while buying your vegetables . And in the midst of cooking , you are in dire need for some of them . You can always fetch it from your Kitchen garden .
Having fresh ingredients in your backyard beats a trip to the store every time !
REASON 11 :
Homegrown vegetables taste SIGNIFICANTLY better than store-bought ones .
REASON 12 :
Grocery stores and farmers markets usually keep two or three varieties of fruits or veggies . But when you grow your own you can choose seeds from an endless list . Do you know how many varieties of tomatoes you can grow in your kitchen garden ?
* Trigger warning *
Yesterday , the verdict was handed down in the Steubenville rape case . The defendants , Trent Mays and Ma'lik Richmond , were found guilty . Mays will serve at least two years in the state juvenile system ; Richmond was sentenced to at least one year . And the attorney general may also bring charges against others who turned a blind eye to the assault .
I feel great relief that I 'm not writing about a “ not guilt ” verdict today . Justice was served–as best it could be by an imperfect system–in this case . Since it so often is n't , that is something–not only for Jane Doe , who I hope has the support she surely needs right now , but also for the rest of us , who live in a rape culture that 's perpetuated each time someone commits sexual violence and is not held accountable .
But it 's hard to hold on to that sense of relief–to realize that this ending was the best one possible in this particular case–when the problem is so much bigger . Nearly everything about the case–from start to finish–reflects a world that I just really do n't want to live in anymore .
I do n't want to live in a world in which a mainstream media outlet reporting on the verdict barely mentions the victim in their rush to lament the fact that the “ promising lives ” of the defendants have been ruined and that this “ will haunt them for the rest of their lives. ” I want to live in a world in which negative consequences are considered the logical effect of committing a terrible crime , and a sentence for rape that is shorter than those regularly doled out for drug possession or downloading academic papers is viewed as pretty damn lenient .
I do n't want to live in a world in which girls are so well-schooled in the consequences they 're sure to face for speaking up about a sexual assault that the victim immediately tried to assure people that she “ was n't being a slut ” and initially did n't want to name the defendants “ because I knew everyone would just blame me. ” I do n't want to live in a world that proves these fears justified time and time again .
I do n't want to live in a world in which the victim 's former best friends testify against her . I do n't want to live in a world in which girls learn to slut-shame and victim-blame other girls in order to maintain a sense of false security for themselves . I want to live in a world in which we stick together and fight the forces that seek to split us apart , recognizing that victim-blaming anywhere makes us all less safe and less free .
I do n't want to live in a world in which a coach is seen as someone who will “ take care of it ” if his players are accused of rape . I do n't want to live in a world in which young athletes are treated like gods and arrogantly learn that there are no consequences for their bad behavior . I want to live in a world in which coaches take seriously the great and potentially wonderful influence they have in young people 's lives and act as valuable mentors who hold their players to high standards–on and off the field .
I do n't want to live in a world in which dozens of kids see a girl who was so drunk she was passing out and do n't take her home . I do n't want to live in a world in which kids see a girl who was so drunk she was puking and joke about urinating on her . I want to live in a world in which people can get too drunk–while out with friends or aquaintances or total strangers–and expect that they will be hungover , not sexually violated , in the morning . I want to live in a world in which girls have the right to be reckless and not get raped , and I want this to not be a controversial statement .
I do n't want to live in a world in which many people seem to truly believe that women must be constantly “ aware of their surroundings ” and vigilantly guarded against being taken advantage of , or else they bear “ some accountability for the incident. ” I do n't want to live in a world in which anyone believes that Mays and Richmond “ did what most people in their situation would have done. ” I do n't want to live in a world that assumes guys are naturally sexual aggressors who will opportunistically take advantage of an incapacitated girl , or forever push , push , push at the boundaries of consent until they hear a clear and forceful “ no. ” I want to live in a world that gives boys more credit than that .
I do n't want to live in a world in which a boy describes a girl as “ like a dead body ” yet still claims that the acts were consensual . I want to live in a world in which female sexual agency is respected and girls are seen as active and equal participants in sex , and so the idea that it would be at all unclear if someone had or had not consented would seem totally ludicrous . I want to live in a world in which it is universally assumed that no one except a rapist would want to have sex with someone who “ was n't participating . ”
I do n't want to live in a world in which kids witness a rape in progress and record a video or take a photo instead of stopping it . I do n't want to live in a world in which a kid sees his friends assaulting an unconscious girl and claims that he did n't intervene because he did n't realize it was rape . “ Well , it was n't violent , ” Evan Westlake explained . “ I did n't know exactly what rape was . I always pictured it as forcing yourself on someone. ” I do n't want to live in a world in which this could ever be a believable excuse . I want to live in a world in which there is universal mandatory education on enthusiastic consent in schools and public figures do not make distinctions between “ forcible rape ” and other kinds of not-so-serious rape and the media clearly , unequivocally calls non-consensual sex what it is .
Ultimately , the perpetrators alone are held legally responsible for their actions . As they should be . But rapists are created , not born . And they are enabled by a culture that excuses their actions . It is hard , but not impossible , for me to muster much empathy for these boys–the ones convicted as well as the bystanders who watched–when they showed absolutely none for their victim . But again : “ We socialize empathy out of boys all the time. ” These kids are not particularly unique and Steubenville could be any town in America . And until we accept that we are collectively responsible for that , nothing will change .
We should all feel a little guilty today .
Image via
The prominent action-movie maestro Michael Bay has given us the fifth movie in the Transformers toy-retail film franchise . Or maybe it is the 45th . It is difficult to tell , just as it is difficult to remember precisely how many cars were involved in a motorway pile-up in which you have been injured . We 're talking about the same steroidal infantilism as the previous four films , the same epic of tinnitus-inducing pointlessness that audiences have come to love or hate or sullenly wait to be over . Like so many of Michael Bay 's movies , it is a machine for converting your brain matter into soup , although I have a soft spot for Bay 's rather funny action-comedy Pain and Gain , from 2013 .
Transformers : The Last Knight comes in at 149 minutes , and each of those minutes lasts as long as the reign of Charlemagne . Once again , normal-sized cars turn themselves into gigantic robots , while professional actors and technicians watch something comparably tumescent happen to their bank accounts . This is reputed to be Bay 's final Transformers movie as director , a farewell he clearly regards important enough to make this a colossal Return of the King-type finale . Like Tom Cruise 's recent Mummy actioner , it begins with a quaint vision of olden days Arthurian Britain , in which the Transformers ' extraterrestrial origins are made plain . This situation is created to lend instant mythic texture and purpose to what is , after all , a gigantic toy commercial . When this sense of an ending dawns on you , somewhere after the 110th minute , there is a glimmer of hope , a feeling that the Transformers ordeal might be over . But oh no . There are at least two more films in the pipeline – a Rogue One-style spin-off for the tiny Bumblebee autobot character and a sixth movie – and this future is hinted at in a final credits sting . It is cruel and usual punishment .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Optimus Prime and Bumblebee in Transformers : The Last Knight . Photograph : Bay Films/AP/Paramount Pictures
Mark Wahlberg , that dependable actorbot , is brought back to reprise the character he played in the previous film , with its infuriatingly inaccurate title of Transformers : Age of Extinction . ( If only . ) He is the inventor Cade Yeager , now effectively an outlaw living apart from the daughter who was supposedly important in the previous film .
Autobot leader Optimus Prime is now absent from Earth , and while other countries might have come to various accommodations with the Transformers , in the US there is conflict between them and the paramilitary Transformers Reaction Force ( TRF ) . But this whole tense situation is prefaced by what happened 1,600 years earlier : a vision of knights of old battling on England 's greensward and Arthur 's magician Merlin being entrusted with a mighty wand by a crash-landed space creature , for the purposes of assisting Arthur in defeating the forces of wickedness , which have irradiated the good guys ' quasi-Christian cruciform breastplates . Merlin is played , gamely enough , by Stanley Tucci , who is chalking up his second Transformers appearance .
It is this staff that certain Transformers in the present day want . But the breastplate finds itself affixed , by the forces of destiny , to the ripped and buff body of Cade , who is to be humanity 's hero . Certain British academics and aristocrats are aware of the Transformers link with English legend , notably Sir Edmund Burton , played by Anthony Hopkins , a charismatic nobleman who in some occult sense is keeper of the ultimate secret . Then there is the brilliant young Oxford historian with the picturesque name of Vivian Wembley , played by Laura Haddock and , for all her academic qualifications , made to conform to Bay 's old-school views of femininity . She is , of course , to have a romantic spark with Cade .
And so the ageless , endless , pointless struggle between good and evil in the Transformer community recommences , and the final explosive showdown seems to be competing with Marvel movies for spectacle . But Marvel brings wit and fun . As far as those factors go , the Transformers franchise is in very short supply ,
“ Big Brother is Watching You , ” George Orwell wrote in his disturbing book 1984 . But , as Mikko Hypponen points out , Orwell “ was an optimist. ” Orwell never could have imagined that the National Security Agency ( NSA ) would amass metadata on billions of our phone calls and 200 million of our text messages every day . Orwell could not have foreseen that our government would read the content of our emails , file transfers , and live chats from the social media we use .
In his recent speech on NSA reforms , President Obama cited as precedent Paul Revere and the Sons of Liberty , who patrolled the streets at night , “ reporting back any signs that the British were preparing raids against America 's early Patriots. ” This was a weak effort to find historical support for the NSA spying program . After all , Paul Revere and his associates were patrolling the streets , not sorting through people 's private communications .
To get a more accurate historical perspective , Obama should have considered how our founding fathers reacted to searches conducted by the British before the revolution . The British used “ general warrants , ” which authorized blanket searches without any individualized suspicion or specificity of what the colonial authorities were seeking .
At the American Continental Congress in 1774 , in a petition to King George III , Congress protested against the colonial officers ' unlimited power of search and seizure . The petition charged that power had been used “ to break open and enter houses , without the authority of any civil magistrate founded on legal information . ”
When the founders later put the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition on unreasonable searches and seizures into the Bill of Rights , they were attempting to ensure that our country would not become a police state .
Those who maintain that government surveillance is no threat to our liberty should consider the abuse that occurred nearly 200 years later , when FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover conducted the dreaded COINTELPRO ( counter-intelligence program ) . It was designed to “ disrupt , misdirect , discredit and otherwise neutralize ” political and activist groups . During the McCarthy witch hunts of the 1950s , in an effort to eradicate the perceived threat of communism , our government engaged in widespread illegal surveillance to threaten and silence anyone with unorthodox political views . Thousands of people were jailed , blacklisted , and fired as the FBI engaged in “ red-baiting . ”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In the 1960 's , the FBI targeted Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. in a program called “ Racial Matters. ” King 's campaign to register African-American voters in the South raised the hackles of the FBI , which disingenuously claimed that King 's organization was being infiltrated by communists . But the FBI was really worried that King 's civil rights campaign “ represented a clear threat to the established order of the U.S. ” The FBI went after King with a vengeance , wiretapping his phones , and securing personal information which it used to try to discredit him , hoping to drive him to divorce and suicide .
Obama would likely argue that our modern day “ war on terror ” is unlike COINTELPRO because it targets real , rather than imagined , threats . But , as Hypponen says , “ It 's not the war on terror. ” Indeed , the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board , an independent federal privacy watchdog , found “ no instance in which the program directly contributed to the discovery of a previously unknown terrorist plot or the disruption of a terrorist attack . ”
The NSA spying program captures all of us , including European leaders , people in Mexico , Brazil , the United Nations , and the European Union Parliament , not just the terrorists . Although Obama assured us that the government “ does not collect intelligence to suppress criticism or dissent , ” our history , particularly during COINTELPRO , tells us otherwise .
Obama proposed some reforms to the NSA program , but left in place the most egregious aspects . He said that the NSA must secure approval of a judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court before it gets access to the phone records of an individual . But that is a secret court , whose judges are appointed by the conservative Chief Justice John Roberts , and it has almost never turned down an executive branch wiretapping request since it was created in 1978 . Most significantly , Obama did not say that surveillance without judicial warrants or individual suspicion should be halted .
“ One of [ Obama 's ] the biggest lapses , ” a New York Times editorial noted , “ was his refusal to acknowledge that his entire speech , and all of the important changes he now advocates , would never have happened without the disclosures by [ Edward ] Snowden , who continues to live in exile and under the threat of decades in prison if he returns to this country . ”
Snowden 's revelations will reportedly continue to emerge . And you can bet that Orwell will continue to turn in his grave for a long time to come .
Nine Ontario specialists claimed that they worked more than 360 days last year , according to the provincial auditor 's annual report . Among them were six physicians who billed the Ontario Health Insurance Plan for work they say they did on 366 days during the 2015/16 fiscal year ( which had an extra day because 2016 is a leap year ) .
Auditor general Bonnie Lysyk says the Health Ministry has not been doing enough to investigate inappropriate or anomalous billings from doctors . ( Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Ontarians are not allowed to know the names of these doctors because the government keeps them secret . The Star has been trying since April 2014 to get the names of the highest billing doctors released . Earlier this year , the province 's privacy commissioner ruled in favour of an appeal by the Star , but three groups of doctors , including the Ontario Medical Association , are seeking to have that decision overturned . The case is headed to divisional court next year . In releasing her annual report on Wednesday , Provincial Auditor Bonnie Lysyk said oversight of fee-for service payments to doctors is “ weak ” and that the health ministry does not investigate many “ anomalous ” physician billings .
Article Continued Below
The auditor found 648 specialists whose 2015/16 billing trends were anomalous when compared to the expected range of days billed and services provided by specialty category . Among them : - A respirologist who worked for 361 days billed the province $ 1.3 million , close to five times more than the upper expected limit . The respirologist made claims for close to 12,400 services , about four times the upper expected range for the same billing category . - A cardiologist who worked 354 days and billed the province $ 1.8 million , three times more than the upper expected limit for physicians in the same billing category . This cardiologist provided more than 13,200 services , 2.4 times the upper range of expected services for physicians billing in the same category . - A diagnostic radiologist worked 313 days and billed the province $ 1.7 million , which is 2.8 times the upper expected limit for physicians in the same category . This specialist provided more than 57,400 services that year , 5.6 times the upper range of expected services for physicians in the same billing category . Staff from the provincial auditor 's office were told that the health ministry does not investigate many cases of anomalous billing because it requires too much time and effort .
But among the eyebrow-raising cases the ministry has identified are more than 500 physicians who billed OHIP for more than $ 1 million in 2014/15 . “ The ministry suspected that some of these billings might have been inappropriate : for instance , medically unnecessary services might have been performed or payment made for services that had not been rendered , or the standard of care might have been breached in other ways , ” the auditor 's report reads .
Article Continued Below
It cites the case of an ophthalmologist who billed $ 6.6 million in 2014/15 and who has previously been described by Health Minister Eric Hoskins as the province 's highest billing doctor . The majority of this ophthalmologist 's billings came from performing laser procedures . The ophthalmologist performed the procedures on average seven times per patient over the year . This doctor also billed $ 1.4 million for diagnostic testing . “ Ordering unnecessary diagnostic tests by ophthalmologists is cited for caution by the Choosing Wisely national health campaign in the U.S. and Canada . Choosing Wisely encourages conversation between physicians and patients about unnecessary tests , treatments and procedures , ” reads the annual report . The report said that since the beginning of 2013 , the ministry has not proactively pursued recovering of overpayments . Lysyk has advised the province to evaluate the costs and benefits of amending the fee-for-services billing review process and re-establishing an inspector function to oversee physician billings . It 's a controversial suggestion and one the province has said it will consider . “ There are currently strong tools in place to review and investigate discrepancies in physician billings , including routine monitoring of anomalies . However , there are opportunities to enhance these oversight measures , ” Hoskins said . The province has had no inspector function since 2005 when it disbanded the Medical Review Committee . That move was made on the recommendation of retired Supreme Court Justice Peter deCarteret Cory who reviewed the auditing process and found it to be debilitating and devastating to physicians . His review followed the suicide of a Welland pediatrician who had been audited . OMA president elect Dr. Stephen Chris said the government already has tremendous ability to assess and audit physician practices and deal with anomalous , inappropriate billing . He noted the existence of the Physician Payment Review Board , which is charged with adjudicating over payment disputes . “ The government has never referred anybody to it , ” Chris said . “ I think the government has the tools and has the desire to do whatever they can not to pay inappropriately , which we would n't have any trouble with , ” he added , charging that the health ministry is bureaucracy heavy . There is no suggestion outliers are working inappropriately , Chris said . “ We do n't have an in-depth understanding of how these individuals are working . That is information that is not available , but if the government has n't acted on it , there must be some explanation , ” he said , adding that it 's possible some communities require an intense level of specialty services . Lysyk questioned why taxpayers are footing so much of the bill for physician medical liability insurance via the Canadian Medical Protective Association . The province has more than doubled its payments for this insurance over the last three years , forking out $ 329 million this year , up from $ 145 million in 2013 . The auditor also found problems with a patient-enrolment payment model adopted by the province about a decade ago . Last year , it cost $ 522 million more than it would have under the traditional fee-for-service model . That 's in part because 1.8 million patients enrolled in these group practices did not see their physicians during the year , yet the doctors were paid $ 243 million for having them enrolled .
Morten Andersen tells the story of his first football tryout as a confused exchange student from Denmark . ( 2:21 )
Morten Andersen finally kicked down the door to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in his fifth year of eligibility .
The organizers in Canton , Ohio , might want to think about bringing him back next year as the emcee .
The NFL 's all-time leading scorer drew huge laughs from the crowd several times during his induction speech Saturday night , most of them coming while he described his first encounter with the sport of American football when he was encouraged to try kicking as a foreign-exchange student from Denmark at Indianapolis ' Ben Davis High School .
“ The defining moment of my life came ... when I trotted onto the field wearing a purple jersey No . 46 , shoulder pads meant for a linebacker and a helmet that could hold more than one large box of movie popcorn , ” said Andersen , who recalled arguing that he did n't need any of that stuff to kick a ball and that he could n't wait to “ get this over with so I can go find a soccer field . ”
Nearly 10 years after his final NFL kick , Morten Andersen was enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday . AP Photo/David Richard
Andersen said he did n't understand why players started coming onto the field to block his path in front of “ those funny-looking posts sticking up in the air ” and why a “ little guy ” came up to him licking his fingers before kneeling on the ground .
“ Up in front of us was not a pretty view , either , ” Andersen said , pausing for the laughter . “ There was a line of big derrieres , and they were facing me . ”
Eventually , he nailed the kick . And soon after , he had “ 80 new friends , just like that . ”
“ Welcome to America , ” Andersen said .
Andersen made a lot more friends over the next three decades as he went on to a remarkable career that , after college at Michigan State , spanned 25 seasons with the New Orleans Saints , Atlanta Falcons , New York Giants , Kansas City Chiefs and Minnesota Vikings .
The “ Great Dane ” was a member of the NFL 's all-decade team for both the 1980s and 1990s . He was a seven-time Pro Bowler . And he remains the leading scorer in both Saints and Falcons history .
He was known for his strong leg on kickoffs and 50-yard field goals before they became the norm around the NFL . And the biggest kick of his career was a 38-yard game-winner to send the Falcons to the Super Bowl after the 1998 season .
“ I never saw anybody like Morten , ” the coach of that Falcons team , Dan Reeves , told ESPN this week . “ And he earned it . He was by far the hardest worker [ among all the kickers I 've been around ] . Because of that , you had so much confidence in him .
“ People may say it 's not a big part of the game . Well , believe me , if you 're a coach getting ready to go a Super Bowl , it is . And he was money . ”
“ He was special , ” said longtime Saints coach Jim Mora , who admitted he probably did n't realize how special until “ we made a mistake and let him go . ”
“ He certainly deserves to be in the Hall of Fame , probably deserved to be in it before now , ” Mora said .
Andersen talked about the perseverance it took for him to work out for 20 months at a local park in his “ Giants practice pants , Falcons practice jersey , Saints helmet , a pair of Pro Bowl socks left over from the good ol ' days and my Kenny Stabler shoulder pads ” before the Falcons gave him the chance to come back in 2006 , at age 46 , to become the NFL 's all-time scoring leader .
And he thanked a number of people , from family to coaches to teammates to the kicking fraternity that has been waiting far too long for someone else to join Jan Stenerud , the only other true kicker elected to the Hall of Fame , in 1991 . Both Andersen 's contemporaries and modern kicking stars such as Adam Vinatieri and Justin Tucker have been rooting for this day for a long time .
“ I believe my induction sends a clear message that the position of the specialist is important , relevant and undeniable , ” Andersen said in his speech . “ Hopefully more will find their way into the Hall of Fame . ”
Andersen saved his most heartfelt words for his wife , Jennifer , talking about what a special person she is and how much she has meant to him .
Then he drew more laughs by dropping a popular line that has perhaps never been used in a better setting :
“ I know I outkicked the coverage when I met you , ” Andersen said .
Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics .
Menus for heart-healthy eating : Cut the fat and salt Heart-healthy eating does n't have to be difficult . Use these menus to get started on a heart-healthy diet . By Mayo Clinic Staff
Do you want to adopt a heart-healthy diet , but are n't sure where to start ? One way to begin is to create a daily meal plan that emphasizes vegetables , fruits and whole grains and limits high-fat foods ( such as red meat , cheese and baked goods ) and high-sodium foods ( such as canned or processed foods ) .
Below are two days ' worth of heart-healthy menus . Use them as examples of heart-healthy eating .
Day 1 menu
Breakfast
1 cup cooked oatmeal , sprinkled with 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts and 1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 banana
1 cup skim milk
Lunch
1 cup low-fat ( 1 percent or lower ) , plain yogurt with 1 teaspoon ground flaxseed
1/2 cup peach halves , canned in juice
5 Melba toast crackers
1 cup raw broccoli and cauliflower
2 tablespoons low-fat cream cheese , plain or vegetable flavor ( as a spread for crackers or vegetable dip )
Sparkling water
Dinner
4 ounces salmon
1/2 cup green beans with 1 tablespoon toasted almonds
2 cups mixed salad greens
2 tablespoons low-fat salad dressing
1 tablespoon sunflower seeds
1 cup skim milk
1 small orange
Snack
1 cup skim milk
9 animal crackers
Day 1 nutrient analysis Calories 1,562 Total fat 45 g Saturated fat 10 g Monounsaturated fat 15 g Polyunsaturated fat 16 g Cholesterol 126 mg Sodium 1,257 mg Total carbohydrate 207 g Dietary fiber 24 g Protein 92 g
Day 2 menu
Breakfast
1 cup plain , low-fat yogurt , topped with 3/4 cup blueberries
3/4 cup calcium-fortified orange juice
Lunch
1 whole-wheat pita stuffed with 1 cup shredded romaine lettuce , 1/2 cup sliced tomatoes , 1/4 cup sliced cucumbers , 2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese and 1 tablespoon reduced-fat ranch dressing
1 kiwi
1 cup skim milk
Dinner
Chicken stir-fry ( 3 ounces ) with eggplant ( 1 cup ) and basil
1 cup brown rice with 1 tablespoon chopped dried apricots
1 cup steamed broccoli
4 ounces red wine or concord grape juice
Snack
2 tablespoons mixed , unsalted nuts
1 cup fat-free frozen yogurt
Day 2 nutrient analysis Calories 1,605 Total fat 30 g Saturated fat 10 g Monounsaturated fat 10 g Polyunsaturated fat 6 g Cholesterol 126 mg Sodium 1,264 mg Total carbohydrate 242 g Dietary fiber 24 g Protein 83 g
On both days , if you 're thirsty , drink water as a calorie-free way to hydrate .
Blogsdo
Luke Skywalker famously had his own X-34 Landspeeder , a hovering civilian transport vehicle that could scoot across the land at a fair clip . Now , a boy in Detroit has a Landspeeder of his very own , thanks to the efforts of an extremely geeky and extremely handy `` Star Wars '' -fan dad . The Landspeeder was built as a sixth-birthday present for his son .
The dad , going by the name `` Blogsdo '' on Instructables , posted up the instructions for creating the sci-fi machine using a pedal-powered Kettcar as the base . He built the body around it using plenty of pine boards and paneling . The engine pods are fashioned from wood scraps and flower pots .
The result is a pretty impressive Landspeeder that even has the right sort of earth-tone colors . It 's a bit hefty , so smaller kids need a push to get going .
No `` Star Wars '' vehicle would be complete without a lightsaber battle to go with it , so the intrepid dad also made some sword props from cut-up water noodles and duct tape . That way , everyone 's hands are destined to stay intact , no matter how heated the duel gets .
That 's not all . To add a little extra flair to the project , Blogsdo spray-painted a `` bumper sticker '' of Calvin from `` Calvin and Hobbes '' pissing on a Death Star . Take that , Darth Vader .
Blogsdo
Hello Magic Community !
Welcome to Jester 's ReCap , the series where I go over the latest MTG news from the top of my head without any research or reading or anything that counts as work . This week is pretty much all Unstable , and I have to tell you : that 's awesome . Unstable is something I 've been looking forward to for a long time and now that spoiler season is in full swing , it 's time to just bask in the crazy . The silly . The bizarre . The Doom . The Squirrels . I 'm going to wax poetic a bit about something that I genuinely like for the majority of this article , which is always a breath of fresh air . Normally I 'm all bitching and moaning , but this week there 's just a sliver of that upfront .
Look , we 've covered MTGO sucking in the broadest possible terms . You know it sucks , I know it sucks . I 'm constantly telling you it sucks . It 's broken and ugly and irreparable in the way only dated computer software can be . But let 's set that aside this week and drill down on a tiny portion of it . Let 's get very specific . How is it possible that Genesis Hydra is still broken ? For those of you unaware , Genesis Hydra is an M15 rare which has never worked on MTGO . It 's supposed to give you a neutered Genesis Wave impression wherein the number of counters placed on the hydra is how many cards you can drill down to grab a non-land permanent and put it on the battlefield . It does not do this . It currently plays like a more expensive Slime Molding . Presumably , every single day some new player crams Genesis Hydra into some casual commander deck and is rewarded with a swift punch to the throat as it turns out they actually played a bad Ivy Elemental . This is despite the fact that—in addition to being released in M15—it also spent some time in the Legacy Cube ( removed in 2016 ) and is currently up for reprinting in Iconic Masters . This is n't rocket science , WOTC . This is n't even game design . It 's not like this is some massive balance issue , or delicate PR problem . This is n't your cards rolling themselves into cardboard croissants whenever they 're exposed to oxygen or heat . This is the easy part . Do n't put bugged cards in your cube ! If you 're going to reprint a card in a set , maybe make sure it works when online players want to use it . I know it seems like a tiny thing , that this one card has been bugged for 2 years and yet keeps getting treated like a functional tool in your toolbox . But it 's really indicative of a larger problem with the WOTC Digital Team which is that the left hand never seems to know who the right hand is clumsily groping like a drunken frat boy .
Alright , there 's my weekly purging of negativity . Ahhhhh . I 'm ready to be positive now . For the record , there are about a hundred million reasons I think Unstable is great and I ca n't possibly compete with the popularity of the spoilers anyway , so here are a few of the reasons I 'm excited about our latest silver-bordered bounty .
1 . It 's Fun First
Magic is always fun . Deckbuilding and brewing are fun . Competition is fun . Winning is fun . Improving your own play and achieving new personal bests is fun . But magic is also huge and complex . Competition is stiff , and self-improvement is often a slow , laborious process . In my case , it 's a Sisyphean task since “ getting better at stuff ” is a skill I 've never quite mastered . And even when you 're not grinding out for the pro tour , Magic can often start to feel like work . Learning the meta , memorizing lists of combat tricks and evaluating cards for their competitive edge are all tasks with a certain amount of charm , but sometimes it really feels like somebody drew beautiful fantasy art all over my TPS reports and Purchase Orders . “ Un- ” sets remind us that the stakes have never been lower . That we 're here to have a good time , to make an enormous amount of puns and to fling robot-squirrels at our opponents ' faces . Sets like this remind us why we started playing Magic . Oh , also for all the time I invest in this game I am tremendously bad at it . So I love it when the competitive stuff cools off and we can all just chill . It 's like inviting the Cleveland Browns to play Connect Four . Sure they 'd probably lose at that too , but at least they do n't have to care .
2 . It Speaks Our Language
More than callbacks , memes or references , Unstable is an opportunity for WOTC to show they 're paying attention to our community . Yes , Crow Storm is hilarious . Yes , Last Strike is probably something that showed up in a fan-made Magic set at some point . Squirrels have as much to do with Maro 's love of them as our rabid passion for the furry little bastards . Overall though , Unstable cards are all just a few hundred inside jokes . They show that although a need for balance and relatively professional design often get in the way , the folks at WOTC are really just like us , and they are n't simply locked in some terrible corporate bubble . Sort of like when Modern Masters 2017 was just a laundry list of every reprint we 'd been begging for , it 's nice when WOTC can show they are genuinely paying attention . And keep in mind , this is not a community they “ manage ” or that they built . It is very much one they observe and communicate with at a distance . The more cynically minded of you might point out that the MTG community went to all the trouble of building a Shibboleth just to hand it over to our corporate overlords , but you know what ? We still built a damn community and we still have our own proto-culture and it 's still damn impressive .
3 . Tokens and Lands
Have you seen the new tokens and lands ? ! The Just Art tokens are goddamn amazing . It 's a small thing , but it 's a smart thing and that 's great . If there 's a joke here it 's that these things will probably be forty goddamn dollars at some point in the future and could literally be replaced with stick figure drawings on a napkin which would be just as legal .
4 . It 's an Experiment
This is a real test . Silver-bordered sets did n't do so well last time , and there 's a lot of skepticism on whether WOTC can get the community excited enough to draft an Un-set more than once or twice . The trouble with jokes is they get less funny the more you hear them . WOTC has returned to take another crack at this , and I love they have . It shows a willingness to make mistakes and take chances . It also gives players in the community a chance to reward WOTC when they listen to us . Which naturally means it will tank immediately . Because if there 's anything I 've learned about the Magic Community , it 's that we absolutely should not be in charge of our own destiny . We should be in charge of meme-production , wild secondary market speculation , bitching , and fan fiction . Leave the actual decisions to corporate sharks who hate us but love our money , or dedicated designers who love the game but hate us . Basically , to anyone who hates us .
That 's it for me this week , enjoy Unstable Spoiler Season guys !
Montana State University researchers have discovered a rare oasis of life in the midst of hundreds of geothermal vents at the bottom of Yellowstone Lake .
A colony of moss , worms and various forms of shrimp flourishes in an area where the water is inky black , about 90 degrees Fahrenheit , and a cauldron of nutrients , gases and poisons , the researchers reported in the September issue of Geobiology .
The vent is close to 100 feet below the surface of Yellowstone Lake and a third of a mile offshore in the West Thumb region . The worms and shrimp live among approximately two feet of moss that encircles the vent .
`` This particular vent seemed unique relative to all other active vents thus far observed in the lake in that it is robustly colonized by plants , '' the researchers wrote .
The team explored the lake bottom with a Remotely Operated Vehicle built by the same person who built a much larger rover for exploring the Titanic . The MSU team was led by John Varley in the Big Sky Institute and Tim McDermott and Bill Inskeep in the Department of Land Resources and Environmental Sciences and MSU 's Thermal Biology Institute .
The researchers said that the Fontinalis moss is not known to grow in the conditions they found on the floor of Yellowstone Lake and that a worm found associated with the moss had never been reported in North America . The researchers also noted that this was the first in-depth published study of the biology associated with any geothermal vent in Yellowstone Lake .
`` The proliferation of complex higher organisms in close association with a Yellowstone Lake geothermal vent parallels that documented for deep marine vents , although to our knowledge this is the first such documentation for a freshwater habitat , '' the researchers wrote in Geobiology .
The vent is evidently responsible for the moss being able to live in what humans perceive as total darkness , but these plants obviously have the ability to somehow find and use very low light , Varley said . At times , the scene around the vent looks like it belongs in a snow globe because of a beige-colored silica and aluminum mineral that flies out of the vent and settles on the moss , which further lessens the ability of the moss to acquire light that is essential for it to photosynthesize . Key to the survival , indeed proliferation , of this moss in this unusual environment are the nutrients contained in the vent water . The nutrients feed the moss , which feed the shrimp and worms . The vent water also contains toxins such as arsenic and cadmium . It 's super-saturated with carbon dioxide , hydrogen and other gases .
`` If there are gases of that type anywhere else in Yellowstone , it follows that there would be life that has been introduced and evolved there that uses those resources , '' Varley said .
The researchers explored the bottom of Yellowstone Lake from onboard the R/V Cutthroat , a National Park Service boat , Varley said . Using a map created by Lisa Morgan with the U.S. Geological Survey , they noted that the lake contains hundreds of active and dormant vents . Scientists have mapped the lake bottom three times over the last 136 years , but studies of the biology around the vents have been extremely limited .
The vents are mostly on the northern half of the lake , inside the Yellowstone caldera , and span from the West Thumb region to Mary Bay . The lake bottom is probably the third largest geothermal field in the park . It is estimated to contribute 10 percent of the total geothermal output in the park , as well as 15 percent of the water that 's in Yellowstone Lake , Varley said .
Despite the geothermal activity , the lake is `` still one cold son of a gun , '' Varley said , noting that the waters ' surface rarely gets above 64 F .
Researchers used a Remotely Operated Vehicle specially designed for the task by Dave Lovalvo of Eastern Oceanics Research . About half the size of a household refrigerator , the ROV is much smaller than the ROVs he built for exploring deep ocean environments , but it can do most of the same sampling , Lovalvo said . ROV 's for deep ocean exploration can range from 1,000 pounds to almost 10,000 . The ships that carry them are typically 225 to 300 feet long . The ROV for Yellowstone Lake weighed about 250 pounds . The R/V Cutthroat is about 28 feet long .
`` I 'd like to think that this ( ROV ) has and will continue to assist the National Park Service and the public in not only better understanding this truly amazing place , but also preserving it for future generations , '' said Lovalvo , who has been involved in Yellowstone research for 25 years .
Although he built rovers to explore the Titanic ; the PT-109 boat made famous by former President John F. Kennedy ; and features deep in the ocean , Lovalvo said he is committed to Yellowstone .
`` Yellowstone is a very unique environment and one of the few places in the world where one can compare an inland , hydrothermally active lake to an active volcanic area of the ocean , '' he said .
The study produced other results that will be the focus of future scientific papers , Varley said . The researchers are currently writing five papers about their findings .
The Geobiology paper compared each vent to an island with its own chemistry and conditions . Future research may focus on genetic communication between those islands , Varley said .
Other MSU team members on the Yellowstone project were Rich Macur in the Inskeep lab ; Scott Clingenpeel , a postdoctoral researcher with McDermott ; and Stephanie McGinnis , a conservation biologist with the Big Sky Institute . Team members from elsewhere were Lovalvo ; Janice Glime from Michigan Technological University and K. Nealson from the University of Southern California and the JC Venter Institute in California .
Yellowstone National Park is required to document the park 's biodiversity , and the broader study being conducted by MSU at least doubles the list of organisms known to live there , Varley said . He added that understanding how the colony lives in such extreme conditions may lead to the development of new products and inventions .
One example of a Yellowstone organism leading to an industrial product is Thermus aquaticus , a heat-resistant micro-organism discovered in a Yellowstone hot spring in the 1960s . Subsequent research on Thermus aquaticus led to today 's modern DNA testing -- a multi-billion dollar industry .
The project at the bottom of Yellowstone Lake has already benefited public school teachers and National Park Service employees who helped conduct field work that contributed to the study , Varley said . Not only did they learn field techniques , but they will share their experiences and scientific findings with students and park visitors .
Varley , who used to work for the National Park Service and ended his NSP career as director of the Yellowstone Center for Resources , said he started inventorying the park 's biodiversity in 2003 . Now a senior scientist at the Big Sky Institute , Varley said the study that led to the current discoveries began in 2004 as a pilot project . Field work continued in 2008 and 2009 , with each field season lasting about 10 days during the fall . The ROV was used during the pilot season and both field seasons .
`` What we do is impossible without the ROV , '' Varley said . `` There is no other feasible way to do the work . ''
The MSU study was funded primarily by a grant from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation . Additional funding came from the National Park Service Centennial Challenge Match Program .
A judge suspended a murder trial in an Italian court , after she realised that two members of staff were having sex in an attached office .
A judge suspended a murder trial in an Italian court , after she realised that two members of staff were having sex in an attached office .
It is believed that the two staff members in the Palazzo di Giustizia court in Genoa thought they were concealed by a pane of frosted glass , but Judge Anna Ivaldi was still able to see them .
Judge Ivaldi then interrupted prosecutor Sabrina Monteverde while she was summing up the case , so she could address the situation , Mail Online reported .
An investigation has now been launched into the incident , that happened during the trial of Yassin Mahmod , who is accused of murdering a homeless man in the Italian city last year .
A court source told the website : `` The summing up had just begun when the judge heard strange noises , looked up and saw the outline of two naked bodies .
`` When everyone looked it was quite clear what was going on - they were having sex .
`` They obviously thought because the glass was dark they would not be seen .
`` The judge suspended the case and had the two people clawed away .
`` They are both court admin staff but they have not been named . It 's a bit delicate as one of them is married , '' the source claimed .
A spokesman for the court in Genoa said : `` Proceedings in a murder case were temporarily halted after the judge noted a disturbance .
`` The matter was dealt with and an investigation has been launched so as a result it would not be appropriate to comment further . ''
Independent News Service
Democrat wins in blue New Jersey , purple Virginia , and red Alabama prove that the Democrats will soon be in the ascendancy , the thinking goes . John Daniel Davidson at thefederalist.com captures the newfound Democratic optimism :
The media ca n't get enough of polls that say the Republicans are toast in 2018 . Yet a look beyond the headlines paints a different picture .
[ P ] undits are beginning to murmur that the GOP should brace for huge losses in the 2018 midterms . ... It 's going to be a blue wave . Democrats are going to capture a new American majority .
As Davidson adds , President Trump 's seemingly `` dismal '' approval ratings and an unpopular `` GOP-controlled '' Congress do n't help matters for the midterms . With a now razor-thin majority in the Senate , and just 24 seats required for the Democrats to take the House , Republicans should be concerned .
But there are two problems with the `` blue wave theory of 2018 . '' The first is that Democrats `` ca n't agree on what the party stands for , '' and they do n't `` have a unified message to spread around the country . '' As Davidson says , the party has `` no economic message , '' and `` the left-wing base '' of the party `` seems content to go out and run on a promise to impeach the president on some grounds or other . ''
Consider Tuesday 's politico.com headline on the replacement for Michigan rep. John Conyers as the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee : `` The battle to lead Trump 's potential impeachment . '' But anti-Trump resistance is hardly an agenda :
If they want to win in deep-red states next year , Democrats will have to offer a positive vision for the country . There 's no sign so far they have one to offer .
Davidson adds that `` the identity politics and strident culture war posture that characterizes the national party leadership simply wo n't play in deep-red states . '' Nor will the `` embrace '' of the Bernie Sanders single-payer `` Medicare for all '' plan by 16 prominent Democratic senators , including most of the 2020 presidential hopefuls .
Davidson notes that House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is not always as far out on the progressive limb as Bernie Sanders is .
The question is : who speaks for the Democratic Party in 2018 , Pelosi or Sanders ? Until Democrats can answer that question , predictions of a blue wave next year are premature .
The question itself says volumes about the Democrats ' red-state prospects .
Davidson brings up the second problem with the blue wave theory : anti-Trump fever `` wo n't sweep Republicans out of power '' because Trump `` actually has some legitimate accomplishments to point to at the end of his first year in office . ''
Even Rich Lowry , at nationalreview.com , recognizes Trump 's accomplishments :
As the year ends , President Donald Trump is compiling a solid record of accomplishment . Much of it is unilateral , dependent on extensive executive actions rolling back President Barack Obama 's regulations , impressive judicial appointments , and the successful fight against ISIS overseas . The tax bill is the significant legislative achievement that heretofore had been missing .
Lowry says `` It 's hard to see how a conventional Republican would have done much better '' and adds :
If any Republican had done much of what Trump has , three acts stand out – pulling out of the Paris accords , decertifying the Iran deal , and declaring Jerusalem the capital of Israel . All three demonstrated an imperviousness to polite opinion that is one of Trump 's signature qualities .
Passage of the tax cut bill also refutes the Democrat talking point that Republicans ca n't govern . And , as investors.com points out , widely reported negative polling results on the GOP tax bill are debunked by strongly positive results when people are asked about specific features of the tax plan – `` doubling the standard deduction '' and `` cutting the pass-through rate for small businesses , '' for example .
The icing on the tax cut cake is that the GOP , with the president 's encouragement , included the repeal of the Obamacare individual mandate in the final tax bill , thereby pulling the lynchpin out of the Obamacare buggy .
While the Democrats have no coherent economic message , the Trump economy has grown at 3 % for the last two quarters and is forecast to hit 4 % in the fourth quarter . That compares with just 2 % average annual growth during the last seven Obama years . Americans love the Trump economy , even if they do n't yet give Trump the credit , as newsmax.com reports :
A record number of American voters say the economy is good to excellent , the highest positive rating since the category 's inception in 2001 , according to the latest poll released by Quinnipiac University .
Add Trump 's solid record of accomplishment to the Democrats ' lack of a coherent message beyond `` impeach Trump , '' and the blue wave theory of 2018 does n't hold much water .
6 Reasons Why Everyone Is Moving To Austin , Texas in 2018
Austin is still the nation 's fastest growing city .
Austin , TX is the nation 's fastest growing city , with 150 people moving to the city nearly every day . This infographic explains why Austin is such a hot moving destination .
Centered in the heart of Texas , this State Capital city is hustling and bustling with arts , activities , awesome people , and yes , a tad of weirdness . In the past decade it 's grown from an oversized college town to one of the nation 's largest cities . In fact , it 's such an awesome city that LawnStarter decided to make it home . To make your move easier , check out these recommended housing options . If you 're an Austinite looking for lawn service , check out our Austin lawn care or our Austin , TX landscaping page to see how easy it is to schedule service for your home .
Race director Charlie Whiting reminded teams on Saturday morning that drivers will be penalised if they gain an advantage by cutting Spa 's Turn 4 , the left hander at the top of Eau Rouge .
A detection loop has been situated behind the kerb there , and it is triggered whenever a car runs with all four wheels off the track .
The system has been labelled the 'Cheat Loop ' on the official F1 timing screens , with several drivers having been detected of running wide there in practice .
In updated notes sent to the teams and headlined `` cutting behind the apex of turn 4 '' on Saturday , Whiting pointed out that any offenders in today 's qualifying sessions would have those laptimes deleted .
In addition , anyone doing it more than three times in Sunday 's race would result in a warning flag , with subsequent examples potentially leading to sanction .
Whiting wrote : `` Any lap completed during qualifying by leaving the track and cutting behind the apex of turn 4 , as judged by the detection loop in this location , will be deleted by the stewards .
`` On the third occasion of a driver cutting behind the apex during the race he will be shown a black and white flag , any further cutting will then be reported to the stewards .
`` Each time any car cuts behind the apex teams will be informed via the official messaging system . ''
Pennsylvania 's only Latina legislator was interrupted and had her microphone turned ﻿﻿off on Monday while she was arguing during a House committee hearing against a bill that would make English the official state language .
The exchange was first reported by Raging Chicken Press , a Pennsylvania blog that covers state lawmakers . The outlet posted a video of Rep. Leslie Acosta ( D ) doing what legislators do at committee hearings with their allotted time : making an argument that leads to a question for a witness . The day 's witness , white nationalist Robert Vandervoot , was testifying before the committee in defense of the bill .
When she began to give her statement and introduce her question for Vandervoot , Acosta used a somewhat unusual approach : She started by speaking Spanish .
The legislator then began speaking in English , but committee chairman and bill co-sponsor Daryl Metcalfe interrupted her , calling her statements out of line with the questioning process . Then , her mic was turned off .
WATCH State Representative Darryl Metcalfe cut the microphone on Pennsylvania 's first Latino Representative Leslie Acosta on questioning a bill that would make English the official language of Pennsylvania . Posted by Raging Chicken Press on Monday , September 21 , 2015
`` I started out in Spanish to make a statement , '' Acosta , the first Latina state representative in Pennsylvania 's history , told The Huffington Post . `` I 'm a testament to success in this country and I understand that English is necessary to succeed ... but this bill is a violation of First Amendment rights and interferes with the 14th Amendment . ''
The bill has been proposed as a way to save government money because it would n't have to translate government documents into Spanish . But its text does n't include any estimates of how much money it could save -- or even any evidence that it would save money at all .
`` How do you defend a bill and yet you do n't have the answers to how much this going to save the government ? It 's pandering , '' Acosta said .
Metcalfe did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Acosta represents the 197th District , the second-poorest district in Pennsylvania . Her constituency is 53 percent Latino and 43 percent African-American , she told RCP .
State Representative Leslie Acosta explains what just occurred in the House State Government Committee that held a hearing on making English the official language of Pennsylvania Posted by Raging Chicken Press on Monday , September 21 , 2015
THE Trafalgar Conservation group has voiced its concerns on the proposed nudist beach .
“ We strongly object to the proposal that a nudist beach should be allowed anywhere near the village of Trafalgar , ” said David Holt-Biddle , chairman of the Trafalgar Conservation group .
“ The proposed nudist beach falls within the Trafalgar Marine Reserve , a protected area , primarily for its biodiversity , but also for the use of the community , mainly individuals and families for general recreation , ” he said .
He explained that it would be wrong to have a nudist beach within a short stroll of the Trafalgar Blue Flag Beach which is used by members of the community and visitors for recreation .
He added that the only legal access to the proposed beach would be via the Mpenjati Nature Reserve and the Trafalgar Marine Reserve via Trafalgar , any other access would be trespassing on private property .
“ A nudist beach is inappropriate in the middle of such a family-orientated recreation area . We believe it will attract an undesirable element in terms of observers , ” he said .
Concerns over the nudist beach follow the Hibiscus Coast Municipality 's decision to consider a nudist beach on the South Coast . The matter will be discussed in the next HCM council meeting .
All those who wish to send their views on the proposed nudist beach can send emails to [ email protected ] , the closing date for all comments is August 20 .
Honestly , I do n't think I 'm a qualified-enough reviewer of cinematic art to effectively critique the work of Stanley Kubrick . His films are so dense with technical innovation , subliminal messages , recurring themes and atmospheric novelties that a proper “ review ” of his movies could fill a novel . So instead , for this article , I feel far more interested in comparing the film to the original novel by Stephen King ( which I just finished reading for the first time the other day ) … and why I think Stanley Kubrick 's adaptation is better in practically every way .
Recovering alcoholic Jack Torrance ( Jack Nicholson ) has just taken on the job of winter caretaker for the century-old Overlook Hotel . Snowed-in for five months with his wife , Wendy ( Shelly Duvall ) , and their five year-old son , Danny ( Danny Lloyd ) , it does n't take them long to recognize a supernatural malignancy within the hotel , slowly creeping into their lives . Danny has a special gift called a “ shine ” that gives him certain precognitive and clairvoyant powers . The Overlook desperately wants Danny 's talents and uses Jack 's weaknesses to get him , gradually pushing Jack over the edge . As the hotel “ comes alive ” with the spirits haunting it , Wendy and Danny will have to face the very real threat of Jack and his axe .
I 'll concede that King 's The Shining and Kubrick 's The Shining had two very different goals . King 's original novel was his way of dealing with his own recovering alcoholism and frustrations with raising a young child and how those two qualities could lead a loving father to contemplate ( or in Jack 's case , actually perform ) horrible acts of violence . Kubrick 's version leaves in the alcoholism , but at the expense of the “ loving father ” angle . I think this is one of the few failings of the film adaptation , as Jack is never shown to ever have any love for his family . He begins the film being irritated and short with them , by the one hour mark he 's cursing at his wife at the top of his lungs and forty-five minutes after that he 's trying to kill them all . Jack 's character arc in the novel is a much more tragic downfall , whereas in the movie , he 's a guy on the brink who just needs the tiniest of nudges to lose it ( and the Overlook provides such a nudge ) .
To get one more criticism of the film out of the way , I 'd say that it absolutely squanders the character of Dick Hollorann , which is an especially considerable crime , as Scatman Crothers was the ideal choice for the character and plays his few scenes with an immense amount of heart . In the novel , Hollorann had a dueling narrative that acted as regular interludes away from the Overlook , giving him a much larger role . In a way , I can understand why Kubrick reduced his necessity to the plot , as he was trying to create a claustrophobic , trapped atmosphere for the viewer , which constant cuts to Florida would only impede . However , it makes Hollorann almost comical , in a way , as he 's dead seconds after making his big comeback . ( The Simpsons did a great parody of this with Groundskeeper Willie in their “ The Shinning ” spoof . )
“ I was also underutilized as Jazz in Transformers : The Animated Movie . ”
But those major qualms aside , I 'll tell you why I found Kubrick 's version superior to King 's : Kubrick 's is scary while King 's is silly .
And I do n't believe King meant for his novel to be so goofy ; that it was an unintentional result of some rather ill-conceived sequences , particularly during the climax , that are just so ridiculous no form of prose could make them not come across as hilariously absurd . Kubrick , meanwhile , takes sequences or set pieces that were accidentally humorous in King 's novel and reworks them to frightening and unsettling effect ( or just drops them completely ) .
A good example would be the scene with the guy in the dog costume . In the movie , it is a short moment where Shelly Duvall sees a guy in a dog suit about to go down on an old man in one of the rooms . It 's very quick ; lasting only long-enough to make the audience go , “ What the HELL did I just see ! ? ” The brevity gives it startling power . In the book , it 's a prolonged sequence where Danny is trying to leave his room but is blocked by the dog-man at the end of the hallway . The guy in the dog costume is walking around on all fours , saying “ Bow wow ruff ruff woof ” and talking about how he 's going to bite Danny 's penis off . Danny then runs away and hears the dog-man in another room , talking in a Big Bad Wolf imitation about how much he loves giving blowjobs , even going so far as to say lines to the effect of , “ I 'm gon na huff and I 'm gon na puff and I 'm gon na bloooooowww your dick in ! ”
I had to set the book down , I was laughing so hard .
So , does this classify as zoophilia , bestiality , or furry fandom ? Not that we care or anything .
As for the hedge animals vs. the hedge maze , that 's a bit of a toss-up . The hedge maze is merely a set piece that offers an almost convenient resolution to Jack 's threat at the end , though it made for some great suspense . The hedge animals were a special effect that just would n't work on film . For their first couple of appearances in the novel , they only move when the characters are n't looking at them , and to King 's credit , he writes the scenes very well , ramping up the tension , as the animals are so spread out the characters ca n't look at all of them at once . Unfortunately , at the end , the animals come completely to life and attack en masse , whether the characters are looking at them or not . No matter how King tried to describe them , my mind 's eye could not picture “ evil man-eating bushes ” as anything other than silly . The miniseries adaptation of The Shining , though I have n't seen it in years , I do n't recall doing a very good job of realizing the hedge animals , either . So as a concession , I was satisfied with the hedge maze .
We suppose George Lucas could always go back and edit these in .
The real point where the book just completely falls apart , and where the two versions deviate the most , is the climax . The climax in the book is one of the stupidest things I have ever read and left a pretty foul taste in my mouth , even though I 'd enjoyed most of what had come before it .
So Jack ( armed with an oversized croquet mallet ) corners Danny on a second floor hallway . It turns out that Jack is actually just possessed by the demons of the hotel and Danny manages to speak to his father inside . Jack tells Danny to “ run ” while he “ fights ” the ghosts inside him . Jack proceeds to start bonking himself in the head with the mallet , Looney Tunes-style , until he kills himself . The Overlook then takes control of Jack 's corpse , bringing him back to life as a zombie . Zombie-Jack is about to kill Danny when Danny reminds him of that god awful plot device , the boiler , and that it 's about to blow . The zombie screams “ Oh s -- t , I forgot ! ” and then runs away .
As Danny , Wendy and Hallorann make their escape , they hear the zombie traveling down to the basement in the elevator basically screaming “ FUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKK ! ! ! ! ” all the way down . The zombie then pulls a Boris from GoldenEye , dumping the boiler “ just in time ” , then raising his arms into the air to scream “ I am invincible ” in triumph ( okay , the zombie screams , “ I won ” but whatever ) before having the boiler explode in his face , anyway .
After escaping just as the Overlook explodes right behind them like a bad Michael Bay flick ( to which Hallorann remarks , “ This must be what Superman feels like ! ” as the explosion propels him through the air ) , they watch the hedge animals run around on fire , trying to escape , then go the tool shed to get some blankets . Hallorann then looks at the exploding Overlook and sees what he describes as a giant manta ray ascend from the smoke before exploding into millions of wasps .
I made none of that up . That is how the book ends . And it is idiotic .
Conversely , Kubrick 's finale is far less bombastic and ridiculous , opting for a moodier conclusion that leaves the audience with a lingering sensation of dread ( the Overlook is still up there… waiting… ) . I admit that I never quite “ got ” what Jack was doing in that photograph from the 20s . I always assumed that the Overlook merely “ absorbed ” him into itself , though I understand Kubrick 's intention was that Jack was a reincarnation of a previous employee ? It 's better left up to interpretation , I suppose , and I 'll take it over giant manta rays and Bugs Bunny mallet-bonking , any day .
Still , there were some moments in the book I think Kubrick could have brought to life marvelously . Though the hedge animals had been cut , the scene from the book where Danny gets trapped inside the cement rings on the playground , with a creature in there with him , was one of the most genuinely heart-pounding moments of the novel ; and something Kubrick could have done a great job with ( you can even see the cement rings in the background behind the hedge maze in several scenes ) .
Kubrick 's version has incredible music and atmosphere and the constant movement of the steadicam ( which was pioneered with this flick ) really keeps you tense and off-kilter , as you round corners at the same pace as the characters , never knowing what you 'll find on the other side . It 's long and a bit thin on characterization , and the waste of Scatman Crothers was a major disappointment , but the end result is still something fantastic . Kubrick 's The Shining is one of those rare moments where the adaptation really exceeds the source material , “ fixing ” just about everything that did n't work in the novel .
Today , defeated by a dilemma which had colour on one horn and the cutting edge of technology on the other , I cut my losses and bought a pair of Vivibarefoot Evo II running shoes .
SportsDirect.com had been selling Vivos in women 's sizes for a while at ridiculously low prices : Breathos and Ultras at £20 and Evos at £25 . When they eventually got some men 's sizes in I saw they had Evo IIIs but , guilted by already having two pairs of shoes and invalided out of training , I held off buying any . Then they had a 10 % off sale and all their stock vanished ( probably ended up on ebay ) .
Since then I 've been checking daily to see if they got any new stock and today they did ( probably returns ) . And they had a pair of Evo IIIs but in boring black and white :
They also had a pair of Evo IIs in a much more exciting Red :
Which to choose ? Style or technology ? It was settled for me when I came back from lunch and the IIIs had gone out of stock again , so I promptly bought the red IIs . I just checked and the IIIs are back in stock , ho hum .
So why another pair of shoes ? Well one of the pairs I currently have are Karrimor Trail shoes with lots of thick gel midsole and support etc . The other pair , my favourites , are Vivo Breathos which are also a trail shoe . I 'm starting to do a lot more training on the road and the half marathon is on the road as well , of course , so I thought rather than wear out the cleats on the Breathos making them useless on trails , I 'd get a pair of Vivo Evos for road running . The sooner the better so that I can get used to them .
As an aside I never run in the Karrimors any more . I sometimes use them for the gym , but after wearing Vivos I find that they push my toes together too much . The Vivos really let them spread out .
In other news , I signed up for Garmin Connect on the recommendation of Nachthawk in readiness for when I get a chance to solder up a data cable ( my 2nd hand garmin came without ) . I 'm looking forward to comparing this against Runkeeper which I really like using but swear at a lot , mainly when I 'm trying to edit a route .
Advertisements
The 27-year-old has attracted a bevy of interest from the A-League also , with hometown club Adelaide United at the forefront of efforts to bring him back to the competition .
Troisi could also follow in the footsteps of fellow Socceroo Tim Cahill , who performed with distinction in the USA during a two-year stint with New York Red Bulls .
It 's understood that while Troisi has not ruled out the A-League , where he starred for Melbourne victory on loan in 2013-2014 , scoring 12 goals in 29 games , his preference lies elsewhere , with the MLS presenting a significant carrot .
The competition is home to English great Steven Gerrard with Roma reject Ashley Cole on his way to join him at LA Galaxy , plus Andrea Pirlo , Frank Lampard and David Villa ( New York City ) and Brazilian maestro Kaka ( Orlando SC ) .
The much-travelled Troisi began his career at Premier League Newcastle United , but after being unable to make a breakthrough moved to Turkey where he had spells with Genclerberligi and Kayserispor before signing with Juventus , for whom he never played a game but was loaned out instead to Melbourne Victory and Belgium outfit Zulte Waregem .
After splitting with Al-Ittihad over a salary dispute after just four months , Troisi 's availability as a free agent has also sparked interest across Asia with clubs Japan , Korea Republic and China all rolling out the welcome mat .
There is also the opportunity to return to the Middle East , to destinations like Dubai and Qatar .
Troisi was expected to make decision on his next career stop last weekend , but instead continues to juggle the offers .
With 26 Socceroos caps , he remains a key part of national team coach Ange Postecoglou 's plans on the road to Russia to 2018 and is keen to resolve his future before the transfer window expires on 2 February .
But , as a free agent , he has flexibility to move outside of the existing windows .
What made 'Last Samurai ' a box-office smash : Was it the script ideas or was it Tom Cruise 's acting and Ed Zwick 's directing ?
Ed Zwick , Marshall Herskovitz and Bedford Falls are scheduled to stand trial next week for allegedly stealing the ideas for the 2003 Tom Cruise blockbuster The Last Samurai . The case will determine whether an implied contract was made when screenwriters Aaron and Matthew Benay purportedly submitted their own `` The Last Samurai '' script to the defendants during the film 's development . If a jury says there was a contract and that Zwick and Herskovitz must pay the writers for use of their story about an embittered American Civil War veteran who travels to Japan , the next question will be how much money is owed .
Asked by a judge to come up with an estimate of the damage for a stolen idea , the attorney for the Benay brothers answered somewhere between $ 7 million and $ 10 million .
The defendants believe this amount to be outrageous . Zwick and Herskovitz are fighting to keep any news that the film grossed some $ 456 million in worldwide box office away from the jury 's ears and are setting up a different damages figure -- no more than $ 150,000 , the amount the Benay brothers got when , after being rejected by the defendants , they sold their script to New Regency .
As the trial soon kicks off , the case might soon answer an eternal question in Hollywood : What 's the true value of a good idea ?
The Benay brothers ' lawsuit took many years to get to trial , surviving dismissal after an appeal up to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
Now almost set to go , the Benay brothers will present evidence of how their agent , David Phillips , orally pitched their WGA-registered screenplay to Bedford Falls executive Rick Solomon , and that within days of their submission , Zwick began running with the ideas .
The jury will have to figure out whether there was an implied-in-fact contract between the Benay brothers and Zwick/Herskovitz . In other words , when Phillips pitched Solomon , did he condition disclosure on payment if the ideas were later used ? To figure this out , the parties will call various experts to the witness stand to talk about standard practices in the Hollywood submission process .
The Benay brothers ' plan to call Hollywood producer Peter Heller to testify that the methods used by Phillips were n't out of the norm . Heller also plans to testify that screenplays are routinely accepted and reviewed by studios and production companies without entry into submission logs and that the “ haphazard submission policies employed by Bedford Falls ” show that “ a screenplay received by Bedford Falls could easily bypass their submissions log . ”
The defendants are objecting to this testimony because Heller purportedly lacks sufficient knowledge about Bedford Falls ' submission policies and does n't have experience with implied-in-fact contracts . The defendants have asked the judge to disqualify Heller as a witness because he 's purportedly making overly broad conclusions based on simplistic analysis .
Bedford Falls also does n't like the way the plaintiffs and their witnesses plan to address the question of damages .
If a jury determines that the defendants owe money to Aaron and Matthew Benay , the jury will have to figure out what the reasonable market value of the script was worth .
This is n't an easy exercise to do in hindsight . The movie was a phenomenal success at the box office , and one might ask whether the hundreds of millions of dollars earned would have been made it to the coffers were it not for a script that the plaintiffs allege provided the movie 's key ideas .
But Zwick and Herskovitz believe that the box-office success is immaterial and that a judge should forbid any talk about it at trial . The two , who just received a lifetime achievement award from the WGA , point in court papers to factors that contributed to the film 's success beyond writing , including Cruise 's acting and Zwick 's directing . Essentially , they believe that to figure out damages , one must unwind the film 's resulting success with the market value of an idea at the time of the pitch . The value they highlight is $ 150,000 -- the amount New Regency paid to option the Benay brothers ' script -- and suggest this would be on the high side `` because , in light of the 9th Circuit opinion , Defendants took , if anything , a small number of generic ideas from the Benay Script . ''
The Benay brothers , of course , dispute this and present Zwick and screenwriter John Logan as basically clueless before they got their hands on plaintiffs ' script . They also think the jury should be mindful of “ the positive impact a writer would enjoy had the plaintiffs been credited with a blockbuster film . ”
Meanwhile , Warner Bros. continues to watch this case closely . The studio was dismissed as a defendant last month , but it wants to make sure that the summary judgment order is a final judgment . It is doing so with some notion that the plaintiffs might appeal the dismissal . As the trial kicks off , Warners says in a motion it is in `` legal limbo '' and having to monitor the progress of the case for the `` the mere possibility that the Warner Defendants might be brought back . '' The studio also tells the judge it `` should not be forced nonetheless to guard their interests by continuing to participate in this litigation , having to make hard choices about their level of participation . ''
UPDATE : Warner Bros. says it wo n't be attending UPDATE2 : Trial has been pushed back to March 27 .
E-mail : eriqgardner @ yahoo.com
Twitter : @ eriqgardner
Iran , Russia and Azerbaijan are set to hold a summit in Tehran for talks on trilateral and regional issues , with presidents of the three countries in attendance .
The presidents of Russia and Azerbaijan , Vladimir Putin and Ilham Aliyev , will later on Wednesday take part in the summit with their Iranian counterpart , Hassan Rouhani .
During the event , the three leaders will discuss mutual cooperation , especially in the fields of transit and energy , Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told ISNA news agency .
“ After the first meeting of the presidents in Baku , it will be a good opportunity to boost cooperation , ” he said .
Upon his arrival in Tehran , the Azeri president held a meeting with his Iranian opposite number .
Azeri President Ilham Aliyev ( L ) arrives to shake hands with his Iranian counterpart , Hassan Rouhani , prior to their meeting in Tehran , November 1 , 2017 . ( Photo by IRNA )
Rouhani , Putin and Aliyev held their first tripartite summit in August 2016 in Azerbaijan 's capital , where they exchanged views on environmental issues and the fight against terrorism as well as ways of enhancing cooperation in the areas of commerce , energy , communications , transport and transit .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani ( L ) meets with his Azeri and Russian counterparts , Ilham Aliyev ( C ) and Vladimir Putin ( R ) , respectively , in Baku , Azerbaijan , August 8 , 2016 . ( Photo by AP )
They further vowed to work together to prepare the grounds for the construction of the International North-South Transit Corridor ( NSTC ) which is expected to provide a faster and more efficient trade connectivity between Europe and Southeast Asia .
Meanwhile , the Kremlin has announced that the Russian president will discuss issues such as the Syria crisis as well as energy cooperation with President Rouhani and Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei during his visit to Tehran .
“ Syria-related issues will be on the agenda of the Russian-Iranian bilateral talks , ” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said .
Russia , Latin America : Promising Prospects for Military Cooperation
Latin America accounted for only 4.6 percent of Russian arms sales to other countries in the period of 2000-2016 , with Venezuela and Nicaragua being the biggest buyers . Russia is making strides to expand its share of arms sales in Latin American arms market .
The sanctions imposed by the US and the EU have resulted in spurring Russia 's economic contacts with other world economies . Latin America seems to be presenting just such an opportunity . Moscow boasts a powerful diplomatic presence , especially in such countries as Brazil , Venezuela , Columbia , Argentina , Mexico , Chile , and Cuba . With 300 million people and a combined GNP of over $ 1 trillion , MERCOSUR is a huge common market of South American countries , which includes the majority of continent 's states .
Vladimir Putin met with President of Bolivia Evo Morales on the sidelines of the Third Summit of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum ( Nov. 20–24 ) . “ There is interest in the fields of energy , engineering and certain high-tech sectors . We are prepared to work together with you in military technology cooperation as well , ” he is Bolivian counterpart .
Russian energy giant Gazprom operates in Bolivia . It started production on the Incahuasi field in 2016 , and plans to start drilling in the Azero block for 2018 . Gazprom is interested in drilling for hydrocarbons in La Ceiba , Vitiacua and Madidi . Earlier this year , Rosneft began oil exploration in Brazil 's Amazon region after buying a controlling stake in drilling wells in the Solimoes Basin .
Bolivia is also fertile ground for Russia-made weapons exports . The commander of the Bolivian Air Force recommended that La Paz acquire Russian Yakovlev Yak-130 “ Mitten ” light-attack aircraft to replace the service 's Lockheed T-33s . The Bolivian Army has an ongoing requirement for new armoured transports and combat vehicles for which it has previously considered Russian equipment . The two countries signed a defense cooperation agreement back in August , which appears to the first step by Russia for larger weapons transfers to Bolivia . This is a part of a much broader picture .
On Dec. 6 , Nikolai Patrushev , Secretary of the Russian Security Council , wrapped up his two-day Latin America trip that took him to Brazil and Argentina . Bilateral cooperation in the field of national security and cooperation between law enforcement and intelligence agencies topped the agenda . The Russian delegation included the head of the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation . There was a good reason for that official to be a part of the team .
The continent accounted for only 4.6 percent of Russian arms sales to other countries in the period of 2000-2016 , with Venezuela and Nicaragua being the biggest buyers . Russia is making strides to expand its share of arms sales in Latin American arms market . This year , it participated in four defense exhibitions . “ Russia has been paying great attention to strengthening its positions on the arms market in Latin American countries , ” said Alexander Denisov , head of the Marketing Activity Department at Russia 's arms exporter Rosoboronexport , at the Expodefensa 2017 arms exhibition in Bogota ( Colombia ) , which took place on Dec.4-6 . Rosoboronexport 's exhibition stand featured over 250 types of weapon systems and military equipment .
The Yak-130 combat training fighter plane , the Su-35 and Su-30MK super-maneuverable multirole fighters and the MiG-29M multirole frontline fighter , the Mi-28NE , Ka-52 , Mi-35M combat helicopters and the Mi-26T2 heavy transport helicopter , the Pantsir-S1 anti-aircraft missile and artillery system , and the Antey-2500 long-range air defense system are the most promising weapon systems Russia can offer to Latin American buyers .
Potential Latin American customers are traditionally attracted by Russia 's air defense systems , especially the Pantsir-S1 air defense missile/gun system , Tor-M2KM and Buk-M2E SAM systems , and the Igla-S MANPADS . The Mi-17 , Mi-26T2 and Ansat helicopters are in focus of public attention . The Project 20382 Tiger-class small patrol boat ( corvette ) , Project 14310 Mirazh-class patrol boat and Project 636 large diesel-electric submarine draw the attention of senior naval officers from various countries of the continent .
Russian ground forces ' weapons and military equipment , which are also used by special operations units to combat crime , terrorism and drug mafia , appear to be in demand .
Russia and Argentina are in talks on acquisition of Russian MiG-29 fighters . Brazil is interested in the purchase of Russia 's Pantsir-S1air defense missile and artillery system as well as more Igla-S portable SAMs that have already been sold to that country .
Colombia , Peru , Venezuela , Uruguay and Argentina have expressed interest in purchasing Russian fighter jets , such as the Sukhoi Su-30 fighter currently operating in Syria .
Russia 's arms deliveries to Colombia have reached $ 500 million over the period of more than 20 years . The Columbian military operates over 20 Russian Mi-17 transport helicopters .
Rosoboronexport , the agency responsible for arms sales to other countries , is currently participating in some tenders in Argentina , Brazil , Colombia , Mexico and Peru for both ground-based armaments and aircraft . Moscow is ready to establish licensed production facilities to manufacture Russian-designed arms and military equipment in Latin American countries . It is also ready to participate in joint design and construction of ships for Latin American navies .
In late November , Russia joined the international effort to rescue the crew of Argentina 's missing submarine San Juan . It deployed a remote-controlled device to trawl the sea . Russia 's Antonov aircraft delivered the Pantera Plus , unmanned submersible , capable of conducting sonar scans up to a depth of 1,000 metres ( 3300ft ) . It conducted a search and rescue effort together with Yantar scientific exploration ship .
Commissioned in 2015 , the Yantar can act as a mothership to mini-subs . The Konsul-class submersibles are reportedly capable of operating at depths of up to 6,000 metres ( 20,000 ft ) . It is also s equipped with manipulators and other devices for complex underwater operations . The ship itself has advanced detectors to determine the precise location of the submarine .
This is a good example of military cooperation with a Latin American state . The Russia 's underwater search and rescue equipment demonstrated in Argentina can be of interest for any country operating submarines . With Latin America no longer a US backyard , the prospects for cooperation in all areas , including military , are promising and there is interest on both sides to spur the process .
I always wanted to make my world . I did n't mean to hurt somebody , make them feel bad .
I just wanted to show them the beauty . The calm .
This endless quiet . I was sure that I can make a perfect place , full of love , beauty and joy .
But my intentions were pure . But somebody understood them in the wrong way .
Now , my world is collapsing- the stars are fading , the neverending night is becoming to the day . My poor childen , they do n't know the light . Single ray can make them scared , or even blind . I want to hide them in my shadow , but my body is n't big enough .
Them , over my head , they think that they 're heroes , the chosen ones . But the one who 's sufferring the most , is me . I want to tell them that I dind't meant to .
But , unfortunately , we 're on completely other sides- the day and night .
Please , do n't .
My contest entry for the Twist Fate contest . If you like it , please comment , I 'd LOVE to know what you think about it c :
Paint Tool Sai ,
Time : too much . Definitely too much .
MLP belongs to Hasbro
Art by Me
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Feb. 9 , 2015 , 6:06 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 9 , 2015 , 6:10 PM GMT
Chief Justice Roy Moore of Alabama , who tried to stop gay marriage there with a last-minute order , insisted Monday that the federal courts have overstepped their authority by ordering the state to issue same-sex marriage licenses .
“ The U.S. district courts have no power or authority to redefine marriage , ” he told NBC News by phone . “ Once you start redefining marriage , that 's the ultimate power . Would it overturn the laws of incest ? Bigamy ? Polygamy ? How far do they go ? ”
“ A lot of states in this union have caved to such unlawful authority , and this is not one , ” he said . “ This is Alabama . We do n't give up the recognition that law has bounds . ”
Gay couples began marrying in Alabama on Monday after the Supreme Court declined to block a federal judge 's order requiring Alabama to license same-sex marriages .
On Sunday night , Moore forbade state probate judges from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . Marriages went ahead anyway , and at least one probate judge told NBC News that Moore 's order was without merit . `` I have a duty to follow the United States Constitution , '' said Judge Alan King of Jefferson County Probate Court .
Moore said that the federal rulings were invalid because the party representing the state , Attorney General Luther Strange , has no authority over probate judges , who issue licenses .
The chief justice is known for installing a Ten Commandments monument in 2001 at the state judicial building . He was removed from office in 2003 but returned by voters in 2012 .
Moore said that it would be up to Gov . Robert Bentley to make any move to try to stop gay marriage now . Bentley 's office did not immediately return a call for comment .
Moore rejected any comparisons to the civil rights movement .
“ I disagree with standing in the schoolhouse door to prevent blacks from getting equal education , ” he said . “ We 're talking about a constitutional amendment to preserve the recognition that marriage is one man and one woman , as it has been for centuries . ”
IN-DEPTH
— Erin McClam
L'infinito The second hand-written manuscript of
`` L'infinito '' ( Italian pronunciation : [ liɱfiˈniːto ] ; English : The Infinite ) is a poem written by Giacomo Leopardi probably in the autumn of 1819 . The poem is a product of Leopardi 's yearning to travel beyond his restrictive home town of Recanati and experience more of the world which he had studied . It is widely known within Italy .
Themes [ edit ]
Portrait of Giacomo Leopardi
The poem , though vague and ethereal in its composition , conveys elements of the philosophical and classical worlds , the latter visible in the selection of the word ermo , from ancient Greek rather than using a more conventional 'solitario ' to convey the isolatedness of this hill . This personification of natural environment is prominent throughout the poem and is typical of another theme or movement often associated with Leopardi ; romanticism . There is also a keen sense of mortality throughout the poem , conveyed in the dying of seasons and drowning of thoughts , akin to Leopardi 's belief that he would not live long , a belief affirmed when he died aged only 38 . [ 1 ]
Original Text [ edit ]
Sempre caro mi fu quest'ermo colle ,
e questa siepe , che da tanta parte
dell'ultimo orizzonte il guardo esclude .
Ma sedendo e mirando , interminati
spazi di là da quella , e sovrumani
silenzi , e profondissima quïete
io nel pensier mi fingo ; ove per poco
il cor non si spaura . E come il vento
odo stormir tra queste piante , io quello
infinito silenzio a questa voce
vo comparando : e mi sovvien l'eterno ,
e le morte stagioni , e la presente
e viva , e il suon di lei . Così tra questa
immensità s'annega il pensier mio :
e il naufragar m ' è dolce in questo mare .
Literal English Translation [ edit ]
Always dear to me was this solitary hill
and this hedge , which , from so many parts
of the far horizon , the sight excludes .
But sitting and gazing , endless
spaces beyond it , and inhuman
silences , and the deepest quiet
I fake myself in my thoughts ; where almost
my heart scares . And as the wind
I hear rustling through these trees , I , that
infinite silence , to this voice
keep comparing : and I feel the eternal ,
the dead seasons , the present ,
and living one , and the sound of her . So in this
immensity drown my own thoughts :
and sinking in this sea is sweet to me .
Alternate translation [ edit ]
This lonely hill was always dear to me ,
and this hedgerow , which cuts off the view
of so much of the last horizon .
But sitting here and gazing , I can see
beyond , in my mind 's eye , unending spaces ,
and superhuman silences , and depthless calm ,
till what I feel
is almost fear . And when I hear
the wind stir in these branches , I begin
comparing that endless stillness with this noise :
and the eternal comes to mind ,
and the dead seasons , and the present
living one , and how it sounds .
So my mind sinks in this immensity :
and foundering is sweet in such a sea .
( translated by Jonathan Galassi )
Sonnet translation [ edit ]
I 've always loved this solitary hill ,
I 've always loved this hedge that hides from me
So much of what my earthly eyes can see .
For as I sit and gaze , all calm and still ,
I conjure up my thoughts ; my mind I fill
With distances that stretch out boundlessly
And silences that somehow can not be
Heard by my heart , which feels a sudden chill .
It seems these rustling leaves , this silence vast
Blend into one . Eternity draws nigh .
The present sounds and seasons , those long past
Become one sea of endless lives and deaths .
My thought is drowned , and yet it does not die :
It plunges into sweet , refreshing depths .
( translated by Z.G. , with the title `` Boundless Depths '' )
Abstract This paper provides evidence concerning the extent to which consumers of liquor employ commitment devices . One widely recommended commitment strategy is to regulate alcohol consumption by deliberately manipulating availability . The paper assesses the prevalence of the `` availability strategy '' by evaluating the effects of policies that would influence its effectiveness -- specifically , changes in allowable Sunday sales hours . It finds that consumers increase their liquor consumption in response to extended Sunday on-premises sales hours , but not in response to extended off-premises sales hours . The latter finding is inconsistent with widespread use of the availability strategy .
Citation Bernheim , B. Douglas , Jonathan Meer , and Neva K. Novarro . 2016 . `` Do Consumers Exploit Commitment Opportunities ? Evidence from Natural Experiments Involving Liquor Consumption . '' American Economic Journal : Economic Policy , 8 ( 4 ) : 41-69 . DOI : 10.1257/pol.20130351 Choose Format : BibTeX EndNote Refer/BibIX RIS Tab-Delimited
The road-raging Portland bicyclist caught on video berating a driver and blocking traffic near the Moda Center earlier this week has come forward .
Sort of .
At 1:30 a.m. Thursday , someone goes by “ Ret Inia ” ( we 're assuming that 's a fake ID ) , emailed Hard Drive :
To prove that he was indeed the bicyclist , Mr. Inia attached a photo that he snapped of the motorist holding up his iPhone and , apparently , taking video of him . The driver 's wife is in the passenger seat and their child is in the backseat , with traffic stacking up behind their car on eastbound North Weidler Street .
Of course , we asked Mr. Inia if he would like to elaborate further on his side of the story .
This is as far as he would go :
Wow . Two motorist-caused bike crashes in three months : That would explain his over-reaction to driver blocking what he thought was a bike lane ( more on that below ) .
The driver removed the video from his YouTube account on Wednesday night , but gave The Oregonian permission to post it . He said he was concerned that comments about the bicyclist were more negative than he anticipated and was n't interested in discussing the incident with several television stations trying to contact him after this post went live .
The original post and video of the encounter has elicited a great deal of response , with more than 500 comments in 24 hours .
In fact , reader Matthew Smith went as far as writing a thorough and thoughtful response on his blog `` Grandpa Chick . '' His thesis :
Smith lists the intersections . Enlightening stuff .
At the same time , it 's important to remember that we were careful not to generalize : `` But his greatest crime was reinforcing negative stereotypes about bicyclists when the vast majority of bike riders out there follow the laws and would have quietly dealt with the situation by just going around your bumper without acting like a fool . Hearts and minds , dude . ''
Finally , if there 's one thing to take away from this drama , it 's a better understanding of how drivers are supposed to treat bike lanes . We 've written about this in the past . Three times . Still , based on some comments in response to Wednesday 's post , there are motorists out there who still seem to think it 's OK to drive in the bicycle lane .
It 's not . In fact , we made a video explaining the law .
As several riders noted , the driver erroneously said he had blocked a bike lane .
In fact , we 're still trying to figure out how the driver was even blocking an intersection .
I was headed south on Vancouver Ave. ( The bicyclist ) was headed east on Weidler . I got caught in the bike lane at the south side of the intersection . ... And yes he did follow me a little ways now that I look at the map . The video was shot right beyond the point where Vancouver Ave . bends . ''
Of course , despite this being a place where traffic and transportation issues ( such as road rage ) are discussed , there are those who apparently think the incident should have been kept in the vault .
Bottom line : We 're
. Be cool . And , to quote
, `` Be excellent to each other . ''
A little grace would also help .
The trust of the Tor anonymity network is in many cases only as strong as the individual volunteers whose computers form its building blocks . On Friday , researchers said they found at least 110 such machines actively snooping on Dark Web sites that use Tor to mask their operators ' identities .
All of the 110 malicious relays were designated as hidden services directories , which store information that end users need to reach the `` .onion '' addresses that rely on Tor for anonymity . Over a 72-day period that started on February 12 , computer scientists at Northeastern University tracked the rogue machines using honeypot .onion addresses they dubbed `` honions . '' The honions operated like normal hidden services , but their addresses were kept confidential . By tracking the traffic sent to the honions , the researchers were able to identify directories that were behaving in a manner that 's well outside of Tor rules .
`` Such snooping allows [ the malicious directories ] to index the hidden services , also visit them , and attack them , '' Guevara Noubir , a professor in Northeastern University 's College of Computer and Information Science , wrote in an e-mail . `` Some of them tried to attack the hidden services ( websites using hidden services ) through a variety of means including SQL Injection , Cross-Site Scripting ( XSS ) , user enumeration , server load/performance , etc . ''
There 's no evidence the malicious relays were able to identify the operators or visitors of the hidden sites or monitor the plain-text traffic passing between them . But the researchers from Northeastern ca n't rule out those possibilities , either . Both SQL and XSS exploits can reveal a wealth of sensitive information on servers containing administration or configuration errors or vulnerabilities that are n't publicly known . What 's more , more than a quarter of the rogue directories also functioned as exit nodes , a status that allowed the malicious relays to view all unencrypted traffic .
To create a misbehaving directory , an operator would have to first modify the code provided by Tor to add logging capabilities , making it unlikely the snooping was inadvertent or the result of some sort of glitch . Professor Noubir presented his findings on Friday at the Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium in Germany along with Amirali Sanatinia , a PhD student who also participated in the research .
The research is only the latest indication that Tor ca n't automatically guarantee the anonymity of hidden services or the people visiting them . Last year , FBI agents cracked open a Tor-hidden child pornography website using a technique that remains undisclosed to this day . In 2014 , researchers canceled a security conference talk demonstrating a low-cost way to de-anonymize Tor users following requests by attorneys from Carnegie Mellon , where the researchers were employed . Tor developers have since fixed the weakness that made the exploit possible .
More than 70 percent of the snooping hidden services directories were hosted on cloud services , making it hard for most outsiders to identify the operators . In some cases , the directories did n't visit honion services immediately . Instead , they waited days before probing the honeypots , most likely in an attempt to remain undetected . In a paper accompanying Friday 's presentation , the researchers from Northeastern wrote :
Most of the visits were just querying the root path of the server and were automated . However , we identified less than 20 possible manual probings , because of a query for favicon.ico , the little icon that is shown in the browser , which the Tor browser requests . Some snoopers kept probing for more information even when we returned an empty page . For example , we had queries for description.json , which is a proposal to all HTTP servers inside Tor network to allow hidden services search engines such as Ahmia , to index websites . One of the snooping HSDirs ( 5. * . * . * :9011 ) was actively querying the server every one hour asking for a server-status page of Apache . It is part of the functionality provided by mod status in Apache , which provides information on server activity and performance . Additionally , we detected other attack vectors , such as SQL injection , targeting the information_schema.tables , username enumeration in Drupal , cross-site scripting ( XSS ) , path traversal ( looking for boot.ini and /etc/passwd ) , targeting Ruby on Rails framework ( rails/info/properties ) , and PHP Easter Eggs ( ? =PHP * - * - * - * - * ) .
The paper also contains a detailed description of the way the researchers deployed their network of honions .
`` The Tor Project people are aware of this problem and have been working on resolving it , '' Noubir told Ars . `` The long-term solution is a new design for hidden services . They also have volunteers who are tracking [ malicious directories ] but with a different technique/methodology '' from the one he and Sanatinia used .
A representative for the Tor Project told Ars most employees were traveling and not immediately available to comment .
Indies Need Booze is taking over San Antonio with IndieGameStand ! Get ready for the first Indies Need Booze at PAX South . Come out to play great new indie games and drink with your fellow indie community . Event starts at 9pm and goes till 1am in the morning ! Here 's the current list of confirmed games for Indies Need Booze at PAX South :
A $ 5 ticket gets you guaranteed entry into our event as well as a card with a code for Fearless Fantasy and Social Justice Warriors . We Appreciate our sponsors tinyBuild and Nondecimal Creative for providing the codes !
Here are the confirmed games that will be playable at our event .
10 % of all our ticket sales goes to Able Gamers Charity . They will also be running a charity raffle for do n't forget to buy your tickets for great prizes !
Big Thanks to Xotic PC for providing laptops for our event !
XOTIC PC has been building and customizing extreme gaming PCs since 1999 . We are proud to be the PC sponsors of the IndiesNeedBooze event at PAX South , and the greater indie dev community .
This event is 21 and over .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Apple CEO Tim Cook has won The Newseum Institute 's Free Speech Award .
The first openly gay CEO on the Fortune 500 was handed the award for his protection of the First Amendment and support of LGBT rights .
In his acceptance speech , Cook spoke about the importance of the first amendment and freedom of speech in journalism and digital technologies .
“ We [ at Apple ] know that these freedoms require protection .
“ Not just the forms of speech that entertain us , but the ones that challenge us .
“ The ones that unnerve and even displease us . They 're the ones that need protection the most .
“ It 's no accident that these freedoms are enshrined and protected in the First Amendment . They are the foundation to so many of our rights . ”
The Newseum Institute , a Washington DC-based nonprofit who support journalism and media , gave Cook the award this week for his work promoting First Amendment rights in data privacy issues .
He was recognised for speaking publicly in support of LGBT rights , the protection of the environment as well as his stand against racism .
In February , Cook hit out at President Trump 's Executive Order banning people from seven Muslim majority countries .
On Tuesday Cook spoke about the importance of digital technologies in helping people speak up and hold others accountable for injustice .
He reinforced the importance of listening to alternative opinions , experiences and arguments , not alternative facts .
“ If democracy obligates us , in a sense , to express ourselves , it also demands that we listen to one another . That we stay informed , we act , and we participate .
“ We owe it to ourselves to listen . We need to challenge our own thinking and in doing so allow that someone else may just be right . ”
He called for people to be free to express their values and opinions : “ When we are all willing to listen , to think , even to change our minds , thats how the arc of history bends towards justice .
“ That 's how freedom continues its slow , brave march . ”
Cook spoke publicly about his sexual orientation for the first time in 2014 saying , “ I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me . ”
Recipients of the Newseum Free Expression awards are recognised for taking personal and professional risks to protect the First Amendment .
The Free Expression awards are presented in five categories including Lifetime Achievement Award , Arts and Entertainment Award and Free Press Award .
Various opponents of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro went to the court on Friday to try to add their names to the list of plaintiffs in a lawsuit , but found the tribunal closed and blocked by riot police vans ( AFP Photo/Juan BARRETO )
Caracas ( AFP ) - Venezuela pulled CNN 's Spanish-language television channel off the air on Wednesday , accusing it of spreading `` propaganda '' about an alleged visa racket at the country 's embassy in Iraq .
The state National Telecommunications Commission ordered `` the immediate suspension of broadcasts by the news channel CNN in Spanish '' in Venezuela , a government statement said .
President Nicolas Maduro had earlier said he wanted the US-based news channel `` out '' of the country , where state media dominate .
Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez told reporters the government had `` ordered the relevant authorities to take action '' against the channel .
Shortly after she spoke , the government made its announcement and the channel disappeared from the air , AFP reporters in Caracas said .
She branded one of the channel 's sources in the report , embassy employee Misael Lopez , a `` delinquent . ''
- Iraq visa claims -
CNN en Espanol on February 6 broadcast a report alleging that Venezuelan passports and visas had been sold at the Baghdad embassy to Arabs who the channel said may have been linked to terrorism .
The report named Maduro 's new hardline vice president , Tareck El Aissami , as one of those behind the racket .
Hardline former interior minister El Aissami , 42 , is next in line to Maduro and would take over if the opposition succeeded in its bid to oust the leader in a vote .
El Aissami was targeted separately on Monday by US authorities who announced sanctions against him for alleged drug trafficking .
Rodriguez said the CNN report was `` based absolutely on falsehoods . ''
The channel `` has launched an operation of psychological warfare , a war propaganda operation , '' she said .
- Diplomatic row -
The US Treasury Department on Monday accused El Aissami and an ally , businessman Samark Jose Lopez Bello , of being major cocaine traffickers .
The drug allegations against El Aissami had already raised tensions between Washington and Caracas , which had so far been cautious in its stance towards the administration of new US President Donald Trump .
Maduro on Tuesday demanded the United States apologize for the sanctions and vowed to respond `` forcefully . ''
Rodriguez lodged a diplomatic complaint on Wednesday with the US Embassy in Caracas .
On Sunday the socialist president said in his own television program : `` I want CNN out of Venezuela . ''
- Drug trafficking allegations -
The US Treasury department froze the US assets of El Aissami and Lopez Bello , and banned US nationals from doing business with them .
The Caracas government credits El Aissami with cracking down on drug trafficking while serving as interior minister .
But the US Treasury says he actually oversaw shipments of cocaine from Venezuela to Mexico and the United States .
The Venezuelan armed forces also threw their weight behind El Aissami on Wednesday .
In a statement , Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez called the sanctions `` a new act of interference by the United States '' aimed at destabilizing Venezuela .
- US-Venezuela tension -
US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday 's move against El Aissami was part of a broad crackdown on drug trafficking and `` terrorism . ''
The accusations triggered the latest in a series of rows over the years between Venezuela 's leftist leaders and Washington , the `` imperialist '' power it loves to hate .
Trump has not yet personally detailed his stance on the situation in Venezuela .
A severe economic crisis in Venezuela driven by falling prices for its crucial oil exports has contributed to food shortages and deep economic disarray , raising pressure to remove Maduro from power .
A sightseeing helicopter on Fiji 's Treasure Island was caught by a sudden gust of wind upon landing on Wednesday , sending its churning blades within metres of tourists and crashing to the ground .
No-one among seven aboard the Island Hoppers Eurocopter AS350 was hurt . Two elderly Australians , a New Zealand family of four and its New Zealander pilot walked away from the crash .
Chinese tourist Yang Yang was filming the chopper just metres from the landing pad when a strong gust of wind caught the aircraft , sending it directly toward him and other tourists .
TV New Zealand employee Emily-Jane Thompson said her brother and his family , including two children under ten , were aboard the helicopter .
`` Flippin ' Christmas miracle right here ... my brother , his beautiful wife and daughters all safe after this horrific ordeal , '' she posted to Facebook .
Fiji 's Civil Aviation Authority has opened an investigation into the crash , Fiji Broadcasting Corporation reported .
A new walk-in service for mental health and addictions issues should help cut overall wait times , says Eastern Health .
Kim Grant , director of mental health and addictions services for Eastern Health , says DoorWays , launched this past week in Harbour Grace , is aimed at providing an immediate response to people who need one .
Wait lists for mental health services have gotten longer over the last several years , Grant told CBC Radio 's St. John 's Morning Show , due to an increase in demand .
`` It caused us to really step back and look at , how can we do things differently so that people can have more timely access to services ? '' she said .
The clinics for people aged 12 and up will be launched in eight spots around the health authority 's region and will use a team of mental health clinicians — psychologists , addiction counsellors , social workers and nurses — who will provide an hour of single-session therapy to people who need it .
Complements existing mental-health services
`` It 's not unlike a walk-in clinic at your physician 's office , '' she said , adding that people using the service will walk away with a plan to address an immediate need .
It caused us to really step back and look at , how can we do things differently so that people can have more timely access to services ? - Kim Grant
The new service is meant to complement existing mental-health services , said Grant .
`` So for those who may need more than just that one session , there will be an opportunity to refer them on to other services , '' she said .
`` But what research is showing is that about 40 to 50 per cent of people who present to these kinds of clinics , really , that 's all that they need , and they do n't go on to look for other services . ''
Eastern Health has been offering a version of this service for about a year on the southern shore , with `` very favourable results , '' said Grant .
20 % to 30 % of people are no-shows for appointments
`` It 's helped us as well to reduce our no-show rate , because that 's another factor that really contributes to some of our wait lists , '' she said .
`` When you have 20 to 30 per cent of people not showing for appointments , that increases the wait for others who are trying to get into the services . But by offering the walk-in service , there is no wait , because people are coming when they feel they need it . ''
In addition to Harbour Grace , clinics for people 12 years and older will be held in Whitbourne and St. John 's ( beginning March 13 ) ; Clarenville and Marystown ( March 14 ) , Ferryland ( March 15 ) ; and Holyrood and Witless Bay ( March 16 ) . Schedule and locations can be found at easternhealth.ca .
Along with DoorWays , Eastern Health is reorganizing adult mental health and addictions counselling services on the northeast Avalon into four inter-disciplinary teams , following a method of matching people to the most appropriate care for their needs .
Further , the Recovery Centre in St. John 's has recently started to offer medication to help people with withdrawal symptoms or health complications whereas it had previously operated as a detox centre without medication or medical support .
SAN DIEGO — High consumption of certain fatty acids , including myristic fatty acid found in dairy fat and coconut oil , was found to be associated with an increased risk for relapse in patients with ulcerative colitis who were treated with mesalamine , according to data presented at DDW 2016 .
“ Despite increased interest in the role that a ‘ Western diet ' may play in the development of inflammatory bowel disease and the subsequent disease course of patients with established IBD , the majority of the studies that have evaluated the relationship between diet and the risk of flare in patients with ulcerative colitis have been retrospective or cross-sectional in nature , ” Edward L. Barnes , MD , from the division of gastroenterology , hepatology and endoscopy at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , told Healio Gastroenterology . “ Our goal was to perform a prospective study evaluating the relationship between dietary intake and the risk of flare among a relatively homogenous group of patients with UC . ”
Edward L. Barnes
The Diet 's Role in Exacerbations of Mesalamine Maintenance , or DREAM , study involved 412 patients with mild-to-moderate UC , all of whom were in remission and receiving a stable dose of mesalamine , sulfasalazine or balsalazide at enrollment . Patients from 25 centers completed validated food frequency questionnaires and were contacted every 3 months for 1 year for disease activity data .
The researchers evaluated the relationship between food consumption and disease activity in terms of macro and micronutrient groups and in food groups previously linked to UC flare .
Within a year , 11 % of patients experienced a flare . Patients with the highest tertiles of consumption of certain food groups and macronutrients showed an increased risk for flare . These included certain groups of fatty acids , dairy protein , lysine and alanine .
Multivariate analyses showed higher consumption of lactose ( OR = 3.02 ; 95 % CI , 1.2-7.8 ) , alpha linolenic fatty acid ( OR = 7.03 ; 95 % CI , 1.9-25.6 ) , and myristic fatty acid ( OR = 3.89 ; 95 % CI , 1.3-11.3 ) was associated with increased risk for flare in an apparent dose-dependent manner .
The researchers observed no such association with other foods previously implicated in risk for UC flare , including processed meat , alcohol and foods high in sulfur .
“ We found that higher intake of myristic acid , which is commonly found in coconut oil , was associated with increased odds of flare among patients with UC in remission on aminosalicylates , a relationship that has not previously been described , ” Barnes said . “ Our findings may lead to further work to understand the underlying pathophysiology and role that fatty acids play in the disease course of patients with UC , as well as the development of potential dietary interventions for patients with established UC. ” – by Adam Leitenberger
Reference :
Barnes EL , et al . Abstract # 17 . Presented at : Digestive Disease Week ; May 21-24 , 2016 ; San Diego .
Disclosures : Barnes reports no relevant financial disclosures . Please see the DDW disclosure list for all other researchers ' relevant financial disclosures .
On the eve of SEC Media Days , it 's only appropriate to share every team 's media guide cover for 2017 .
The conference used to hand out every team 's media guide in a box during check in . Imagine having to lug all 14 back to your office afterwards . Been there . However , the SEC changed that in recent history by handing out electronic copies .
The graphic game for every program has certainly improved , and it 's just a small part of the arms race of college football .
And this year , there are some great ones . South Carolina 's and Texas A & M 's covers are my favorite .
So , without further ado , here is every SEC football team 's media guide cover for this year :
SEC Media Guide Cover
Alabama Crimson Tide
Arkansas Razorbacks
Auburn Tigers
Florida Gators
Georgia Bulldogs
Kentucky Wildcats
LSU Tigers
Ole Miss Rebels
Mississippi State Bulldogs
Missouri Tigers
South Carolina Gamecocks
Tennessee Volunteers
Texas A & M Aggies
Vanderbilt Commodores
Vice President Mike Pence briefly addressed reporters on Capitol Hill Wednesday , where he insisted that FBI 's Russia investigation did not play a role in President Donald Trump 's decision to fire James Comey as the director of the bureau .
“ As you know very clearly — as has been stated repeatedly and the President has been told — he 's not under investigation , and as former Director Clapper , the director of national intelligence , said , there is no evidence of collusion between our campaign and any Russian officials , ” Pence told reporters when first asked by NBC 's Kristen Welker if Trump fired Comey in an attempt to interfere with the FBI probe .
“ That 's not what this is about , ” Pence continued . “ The President took strong and decisive leadership here to put the safety and the security of the American people first by accepting the recommendation of the deputy attorney general to remove Director Comey as the head of the FBI . ”
Asked if there should be an independent probe of potential links between Trump associates and Russia , Pence claimed that there is “ no evidence of collusion ” and repeated the President 's claim that Comey told Trump he was not under investigation .
“ The evidence or the facts that are in public today are very clear . The former director of national intelligence has said there is no evidence of collusion , ” Pence told reporters . “ The President and I remain confident that the committees in the House and the Senate that are looking into every aspect of issues that arise out of last year 's election will be able to do their work and do it in an orderly way . ”
Trump administration officials often cite comments made by James Clapper , the former director of national intelligence , that he had not seen any evidence of links between the Trump campaign and Russia . However , Clapper noted in a Senate hearing on Monday that he was never even aware of the FBI 's investigation into the matter until after Comey made the probe 's existence public .
Speaking to reporters , Pence emphasized that Trump moved to fire Comey after seeing a recommendation from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
“ Let me be very clear that the President 's decision to accept the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general to remove Director Comey as the head of the FBI was based solely and exclusively on his commitment to the best interest of the American people and to ensuring that the FBI has the trust and confidence of the people of this nation , ” Pence said when asked a second time if the Russia probe was a factor in Trump 's decision .
Asked if Trump had directed Rosenstein to conduct the review of Comey , Pence did not deny that Trump gave the Justice Department any direction . Instead he repeated that Trump acted on Rosenstein 's recommendation .
“ The new deputy attorney general , who was just sworn in two weeks ago and confirmed by the FBI , came to work — he is a man of extraordinary independence and integrity and a reputation in both political parties of great character — came to work , sat down and made the recommendation for the FBI to be able to do its job that it would need new leadership , ” Pence said .
“ He brought that recommendation to the President , the attorney general concurred with that recommendation , and I personally am grateful that we have a President who is willing to provide the kind of decisive and strong leadership to take the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general to remove an FBI director who had lost the confidence of the American people , ” Pence said .
Pence 's decision to hire Richard Cullen , a Richmond-based lawyer who previously served as a U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia , came less than a month after Trump hired his own private lawyer .
The hiring of Cullen , whom an aide said Pence was paying for himself , was made public a day after The Washington Post reported that special counsel Robert S. Mueller III is widening his investigation to examine whether the president attempted to obstruct justice .
A defiant Trump at multiple points Thursday expressed his frustration with reports about that development , tweeting that he is the subject of `` the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history , '' and one that he said is being led by `` some very bad and conflicted people . ''
Watch more !
President Trump has repeatedly lashed out with insults to defend himself as the Russia investigation unfolds . Here are some of his go-to attacks . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
Trump , who only a day earlier had called for a more civil tone in Washington after a shooting at a Republican congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. , fired off several more tweets in the afternoon voicing disbelief that he was under scrutiny while his `` crooked '' Democratic opponent in last year 's election , Hillary Clinton , escaped prosecution in relation to her use of a private email server while secretary of state .
Before the day ended , the White House was hit with the latest in a cascade of headlines relating to the Russian probe : a Post story reporting that Mueller is investigating the finances and business dealings of Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-law and adviser .
`` The legal jeopardy increases by the day , '' said one informal Trump adviser , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss conversations with White House aides more freely . `` If you 're a White House staffer , you 're trying to do your best to keep your head low and do your job . ''
At the White House on Thursday , aides sought to portray a sense of normalcy , staging an elaborate event to promote a Trump job-training initiative , while simultaneously going into lockdown mode regarding Mueller 's probe .
At a previously scheduled off-camera briefing for reporters , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the principal deputy White House press secretary , was peppered with more than a dozen questions about ongoing investigations over about 20 minutes .
In keeping with a new practice , she referred one question after another to Trump 's personal lawyer .
Sanders , for example , was asked whether Trump still felt `` vindicated '' by the extraordinary congressional testimony last week by James B. Comey , the FBI director whose firing by Trump has contributed to questions about whether the president obstructed justice .
Watch more !
The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia 's role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials to determine whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice , officials said . ( Patrick Martin , McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post )
`` I believe so , '' Sanders said , before referring reporters to Marc E. Kasowitz , Trump 's private attorney .
As Trump 's No . 2 and as head of the transition team , Pence has increasingly found himself drawn into the widening Russia investigation .
Pence — along with Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Kushner , Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and White House Counsel Donald McGahn — was one of the small group of senior advisers the president consulted as he mulled his decision to fire Comey , which is now a focus of Mueller 's investigation .
He also was entangled in the events leading up to the dismissal of Michael Flynn , Trump 's former national security adviser , who originally misled Pence about his contact with Russian officials — incorrect claims that Pence himself then repeated publicly .
The vice president was kept in the dark for nearly two weeks about Flynn 's misstatements , before learning the truth in a Post report . Trump ultimately fired Flynn for misleading the vice president .
There were also news reports that Flynn 's attorneys had alerted Trump 's transition team , which Pence led , that Flynn was under federal investigation for his secret ties to the Turkish government as a paid lobbyist — a claim the White House disputes . And aides to Pence , who was running the transition team , said the vice president was never informed of Flynn 's overseas work with Turkey , either .
On Capitol Hill on Thursday , Russian election meddling and related issues were a prominent part of the agenda .
Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats spent more than three hours in a closed session with the Senate Intelligence Committee , just days after he refused to answer lawmakers ' questions in an open session about his conversations with Trump regarding the Russia investigation .
Several GOP lawmakers said they think Mueller should be able to do his job — including probing possible obstruction by Trump — but added that they were eager to put the probe behind them .
Sen. John Cornyn ( Tex . ) , the second-ranking Senate Republican , said he retains confidence in Mueller and that he 's seen nothing so far that would amount to obstruction by Trump . His assessment , Cornyn said , includes the testimony last week by Comey , who said he presumed he was fired because of Trump 's concerns about the FBI 's handling of the Russian probe .
`` I think based on what he said then , there does n't appear to be any there there , '' Cornyn said . `` Director Mueller 's got extensive staff and authorities to investigate further . But based on what we know now , I do n't see any basis . ''
Sen. John Thune ( R-S.D . ) said he did n't find news that Mueller is exploring obstruction of justice particularly surprising given it 's clear he is `` going to look at everything . ''
`` There has been a lot of time spent on the collusion issue — 11 months by the FBI and six months by Congress — and both sides agree they have n't found anything there , '' Thune said . `` I hope at some point all this stuff will lead to an ultimate conclusion , and we 'll put this to rest . ''
In the meantime , the Republican National Committee appears to be girding for a fight .
`` Talking points '' sent Wednesday night to Trump allies provided a road map for trying to undercut the significance of the latest revelation related to possible obstruction of justice .
`` This apparent pivot by the investigative team shows that they have struck out on trying to prove collusion and are now trying to switch to another baseless charge , '' the document said .
The RNC also encouraged Trump allies to decry the `` inexcusable , outrageous and illegal '' leaks on which it said the story was based and to argue that there is a double standard at work .
The document said there was `` an obvious case '' of obstruction that was never investigated against former attorney general Loretta E. Lynch related to the FBI investigation of Clinton 's email server .
In his afternoon tweets , Trump picked up on that argument . In one tweet , the president wrote : `` Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer , 'bleached ' emails , & had husbanded meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction ? ''
`` Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at , but my non-dealings are ? '' Trump said in another .
Trump restricted his musing Thursday on Mueller 's investigation to social media , passing on opportunities to talk about it in public .
The president did not respond to shouted questions about whether he believes he is under investigation as he departed an event Thursday morning designed to highlight his administration 's support of apprenticeship programs .
That event was part of a schedule that suggested no outward signs of concern by Trump about his latest troubles .
He was joined at the apprenticeship event by several governors , lawmakers and other dignitaries . Before turning to the subject at hand , Trump provided an update on the condition of Rep. Steve Scalise ( R-La . ) , who was shot Wednesday during the attack on Republican lawmakers at an early-morning baseball practice .
Attempting to strike a unifying chord , Trump said : `` Steve , in his own way , may have brought some unity to our long-divided country . ''
Later in the afternoon , Trump and the first lady traveled to the Supreme Court for the investiture ceremony for Justice Neil M. Gorsuch .
Among the questions Sanders deflected Thursday was to whom exactly Trump was referring as `` bad and conflicted people '' in one of his early morning tweets .
`` Again , I would refer you to the president 's outside counsel on all questions relating to the investigation , '' Sanders said .
Mark Corallo , a spokesman for the outside counsel , did not respond to an email and phone call seeking comment on the questions Sanders referred to him .
Earlier this week , one of the president 's sons , Donald Trump Jr. , highlighted on Twitter an op-ed in USA Today that argued that Mueller should recuse himself from the Russia investigation because he has a potential conflict of interest , given his longtime friendship with Comey , a crucial witness .
The piece , which Donald Trump Jr. retweeted , was written by William G. Otis , an adjunct law professor at Georgetown University who was a special counsel for President George H.W . Bush .
Christopher Ruddy , a friend of Trump 's , made headlines this week when he said during a PBS interview that he believed Trump was considering firing Mueller .
The White House did n't immediately deny that notion but made clear that Ruddy was not speaking for Trump . The following day , Sanders said Trump had no intention of trying to dislodge Mueller .
Sanders was asked again Thursday whether Trump still has confidence in Mueller .
`` I believe so , '' she said , later adding : `` I have n't had a specific conversation about that , but I think if he did n't , he would probably have intentions to make a change , and he certainly does n't .
Ed O'Keefe , Karoun Demirjian and Abby Phillip contributed to this report .
John Wagner is a national reporter who leads The Post 's new breaking political news team . He previously covered the Trump White House . During the 2016 presidential election , he focused on the Democratic campaigns of Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley . He also chronicled Maryland government for more than a decade .
Ashley Parker is a White House reporter for The Washington Post . She joined The Post in 2017 , after 11 years at the New York Times , where she covered the 2012 and 2016 presidential campaigns and Congress , among other things .
Post Recommends
