Machine operator Marisol Soto works on high voltage connectors ordered by Kodak at Custom Molding in Churchville , N.Y. on Thursday January 30 2014 . For Kodak bankruptcy story . ( Photo : CARLOS ORTIZ ) Story Highlights The suits were filed earlier this month in U.S. Bankruptcy Court
The money the GUC Trust collects is to be divvied up among the legions of unsecured creditors
The suits are directed at those that received a payment from Kodak within 90 days of its bankruptcy
Custom Molding Solutions has counted Eastman Kodak Co. as a customer almost since the company 's beginning a dozen years ago .
It regularly turns out batches of extruded plastic parts used in Kodak 's color and monochrome digital printing presses . And over the last weeks of 2011 , Kodak paid the Churchville company $ 98,521 for goods delivered , as it regularly did .
Now a trust fund established as part of Kodak 's bankruptcy wants all that money back . With interest .
Special report : KodakNext — Out of bankruptcy , into a new era
A trust fund established as part of Eastman Kodak Co. 's bankruptcy is suing hundreds of businesses around the globe , including many in the Rochester region , as it seeks to claw back potentially hundreds of millions of dollars Kodak paid them in the weeks prior to it filing for Chapter 11 .
The suits were filed earlier this month in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
Whatever money the Kodak General Unsecured Creditors ( or GUC ) Trust collects is to be divvied up among the legions of unsecured creditors who were left holding unpaid bills and invoices when Kodak filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in January 2012 . Many of the companies now being sued by the Kodak GUC Trust for money Kodak paid them are also unsecured creditors who had bills that went unpaid .
In a statement , Kodak said the GUC Trust `` is an independent third party acting on behalf of the unsecured creditors , and Kodak has no control over its actions . ''
Retorted Dwight E. Campbell , president and co-owner of Custom Molding , `` Kodak will tell you , 'It 's not really us . ' If you had n't gone bankrupt ... none of this would have happened . ''
`` It does seem rather absurd , does n't it ? It 's like rubbing salt into a wound , '' said William Betteridge , president of Mastro Graphic Arts Inc . The Gates company produces industrial labels and overlays for Kodak equipment , and it is being sued for nearly $ 18,000 Kodak allegedly paid it in the fall and winter of 2011 . When Kodak went bankrupt , meanwhile , it left Mastro with a claim for more than $ 11,000 in unpaid bills .
Such trusts are common in Chapter 11 bankruptcies , with the end goal often being to collect more money for the army of unsecured creditors above what they received through the company 's reorganization . In Kodak 's case , that was 4 to 5 cents on the dollar , plus options to buy Kodak stock .
In Kodak 's case , the GUC Trust apparently is suing pretty much everyone who received a payment from Kodak in the 90 days leading up to its filing for bankruptcy . The targets of the lawsuits are numerous , from a Berkeley , Calif. , design studio and specialty chemical manufacturer Champion Photochemistry to economic development non-profit Greater Rochester Enterprise . The dollar amounts range from the thousands of dollars to more than $ 14 million being sought from financial services giant Prudential Securities Inc. A variety of Rochester-area businesses — from Alton Manufacturing to Rochester Software Associates to Zeller Electric — are among the defendants .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Rochester Business newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Stay up to date with the latest business news . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Rochester Business Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
The GUC Trust 's trustee , Alan D. Halperin — a partner at Wall Street law firm Halperin Battaglia Raicht LLP — did not return a message seeking comment . Nor did attorneys serving as legal counsel for Halperin in his work as trustee .
However , Robert J . Rock , senior counsel of Tully Rinckey PLLC 's bankruptcy practice , said the GUC Trust is looking for `` preferential payments '' — money received from Kodak just before it filed for bankruptcy that was somehow more than would have been received in the bankruptcy proceeding .
One common legal method of winnowing out those preferential treatments is to go after anyone who received payment in the 90 days before the bankruptcy filing , Rock said . `` If something on its face appears to be a preferential payment , as trustee you 've got a fiduciary duty to see if it is , '' he said .
`` If you 're selling paper towels to Kodak and you give them the paper towels and they pay you , that 's not a preference . ''
Campbell said Custom Molding has provided information to the GUC Trust showing the payments it received were not preferential , but merely Kodak paying its bills . `` I think they want us to roll over , which we wo n't , '' he said .
And even if the company ends up not having to return any of the money being sought , it is spending considerable sums just on lawyer fees , he said .
`` Laywers are not cheap , '' added co-owner/Vice President Mark A. Sidor .
The overall aim is fairness among unsecured creditors , said John C. Ninfo II , retired U.S. bankruptcy judge for the Western District of New York . `` The quality of distribution policy says it is better that everyone gets 8 percent than that some get 20 or 100 percent , and others get 2 percent . ''
John Zarwan , who runs a Canadian consultancy specializing in the printing and packaging industries , said that businesses being sued for relatively small amounts like his — in his case , $ 10,500 — would spend that much if not more just on legal fees trying to defend themselves from the Kodak GUC Trust .
`` `` Where insult is added to injury is people who did the work , delivered the product , whether it 's widgets or silver or whatever , and then to be asked to disgorge that money when they 've already lost money for invoices not already paid ... that 's the problem I have , '' Zarwan said .
`` In my particular case ... if they 'd declared bankruptcy one month later , I 'd be OK . If they 'd paid me on time , I 'd be OK . ''
Any business that has to return preferential payments could file a claim and get a small fraction of that money back when repaid as an unsecured creditor , Ninfo said . However , they usually are just asked to pay back an amount that leaves them with what they would receive from an unsecured creditor claim , he said .
And such trusts almost always give a discount to avoid a legal fight and get a quick payment , Ninfo said .
U.S. Bankruptcy Court this week extended the deadline those 700-plus defendants have to respond to the lawsuits to March 31 .
In a statement , Kodak said it does n't expect the GUC Trust and its mountain of lawsuits to cause any further problems with its suppliers . The company said it `` maintains strong lines of communications with our suppliers and has communicated with them about this issue . They understand the issue and it has not impacted our strong relationships with them . ''
Campbell said Custom Molding will still do business with Kodak . But , he said , `` Right now they want to talk about cost reduction — you can imagine where that conversation is going .
`` That 's big bucks for us , $ 98,000 , '' he said . `` Will it crush the company ? No . It hurts . It hurts not getting paid . ''
MDANEMAN @ DemocratandChronicle.com
Twitter.com/mdaneman
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rocne.ws/1kd020y
The Foxes , bottom of the Premier League after 21 matches , are in the market for reinforcements this month and have seen off competition from a number of top-flight rivals
By Graeme Bailey Leicester City have won the race to sign Wigan forward Shaun Maloney , understands.A number of clubs , including Everton , Aston Villa , Sunderland and Burnley , had been trying to land the Scotland international , but now Leicester have agreed a fee in excess of £1 million.Maloney is now due to undergo a medical with the Foxes before signing a long-term deal at the King Power Stadium.The 31-year-old has been with the Latics since 2011 and stayed with the club following their relegation from the Premier League in 2013.Reports this week had linked him with a move to MLS outfit Chicago Fire , but he now looks set for a move to the top flight 's bottom club .
The New York Post reported Egyptian-American columnist Mona Eltahawy has been arrested for defacing an anti-Muslim ad in the New York subway system . The video shows her spraying pink paint on the ad while a supporter of the ad tries to block her . She 's a journalist for censorship .
Eltahawy , a former Reuters correspondent , has been a recent favorite of CNN and MSNBC 's weekend morning shows to discuss Egypt , and she often smears together the Islamist “ right wing ” and the American right wing , as she did on Melissa Harris-Perry just 11 days ago :
ELTAHAWY : We [ Egyptians ] have a president who is trying to establish his position somewhere in the middle and we have a group that is trying to establish themselves on the right wing . And you ` re having a similar situation in the U.S. We are coming up to elections now in less than two months . There is a right wing fringe there as well . So , you ` ve got a right wing and a right wing . Both minorities , both trying to provoke people and a whole lot of people with very , very , sometimes legitimate grievances , but sometimes utterly senseless grievances , being caught in the middle .
Eltahawy was even featured on the September 15 NBC Nightly News decrying America 's long-term support for Egyptian dictators . Here 's how the New York Post characterized the subway fight :
“ Mona , do you think you have the right to do this ? ” said Pamela Hall , holding a mounted camera as she tried to block the barrage of spray paint .
“ I do actually , ” Eltahawy calmly responded . “ I think this is freedom of expression , just as this is freedom of expression . ”
Hall then thrusts herself between Eltahawy 's spray paint and the poster .
Eltahawy -- an activist who has appeared on MSNBC and CNN -- engaged her in an odd cat-and-mouse dance , spraying pink every time she had an opening .
“ What right do you have to violate free speech , ” Hall pleaded .
“ I 'm not violating it . I 'm making an expression on free speech , ” an increasingly agitated Eltahawy shot back .
“ You do not have the right ! ” Hall said .
“ I do actually and I 'm doing it right now and you should get out of the way ! Do you want paint on yourself , ” Eltahawy shot back .
As the poster defender bobbed and weaved to get in the paint 's way , Eltahawy mocked : “ That 's right , defend racism . ”
Eltahawy appeared in the typically long segments on the Harris-Perry show on April 28 , July 1 , and September 15 , and also appeared on Up With Chris Hayes on June 24 . Just in September , Eltahawy was featured in seven interviews about Egypt just from September 11 to 13 , including two appearances on Anderson Cooper 360 ( the seven interviews would not count replays ) .
CNN reported the vandalism this morning on Early Start , but Eltahawy was simply an “ activist ” gone awry :
Check out this New York Post video . That is activist Mona Eltahawy , tussling with the woman holding a mounted camera . Eltahawy calls what she is doing an expression of free speech . That 's the very argument supporters of the posters used to win the right to put them up . Three of the 10 posters at various subway stations were ripped or defaced during the first day that they were up .
Incidentally , this incident is actually the third time in less than a month that a person affiliated with MSNBC has had a run-in with conservatives .
During the Republican National Convention in late August , a producer for the network allegedly assaulted some GOP delegates who were razzing MSNBC host Chris Matthews about his now-famous “ thrill going up my leg ” remark about President Obama . Just a few days later , Matthews himself got into a verbal altercation with some other GOP delegates who also teased him about his ardent love for Obama .
Eltahawy was also interviewed on the April 24 Morning Edition on NPR , all about her provocative cover story for Foreign Policy magazine . As Washington Post media reporter Paul Farhi explained :
Even Foreign Policy - Foreign Policy ! - featured cover skin : a naked model covered in black body paint done up to resemble a burqa .
The latter image was used to illustrate a `` Sex Issue '' cover essay by Egyptian American writer Mona Eltahawy about the suppression of women 's rights in the Middle East and the Arab world . But it was also an ironic comment about magazine covers , said FP editor-in-chief Susan Glasser .
`` It makes a point about their culture and ours , and about American magazines and sex , '' she said . `` I do n't think you can look at that image as anything other than a commentary on Western culture 's obsession with the cliches of centerfolds and cover models and also the hard realities of the [ Arab ] culture that Mona is writing about . ''
Yes , sex , or at least sexiness , sells . Eltahawy 's article has gotten more than a million page views , making it one of the most-read ever for Foreign Policy , which is owned by The Washington Post Co .
Trump is also now running full throttle on an anti-immigration platform that could hurt growth as well and alienate Republicans from ethnic voters that the GOP needs if it is going to win in 2016 .
We call this the Trump Fortress America platform .
Read MoreWhy you should fear Donald Trump
He recently announced that , as president , he would prohibit American companies like Ford from building plants in Mexico . He moans pessimistically that `` China is eating our lunch '' and is `` sucking the blood out of the U.S . ''
But strategic tax cuts and regulatory relief after the anti-business rule-making assault by Obama , not trade and immigration barriers , are the solution to America 's competitiveness deficit .
A draft of Trump 's 14-point economic manifesto promises that , as president , he would `` modify or cancel any business , or trade agreement that hinders American business development , or is shown to create an unfair trading relationship with a foreign entity . ''
His immigration stance would not just deport illegal immigrants , but even lock the golden doors to those who come lawfully for opportunity , freedom and jobs . This could hardly be further from the Reaganite vision of America as a `` shining city on a hill . ''
`` Decades of disastrous trade deals and immigration policies have destroyed our middle class , '' Trump writes in his latest policy manifesto . This `` influx of foreign workers , '' he continues , `` holds down salaries , keeps unemployment high and makes it difficult for poor and working class Americans — including immigrants themselves and their children — to earn a middle-class wage . ''
Read MoreKudlow : The Fed is right , Trump is wrong
There 's some evidence that competition for jobs in very low-skilled occupations holds down wages , but , for the most part , immigrants fill niches in the labor market that natives ca n't or wo n't fill . They add to the overall productivity of the labor force while starting new businesses , and thus are net creators of jobs .
Tech CEOs will tell you there might not be a Silicon Valley were it not for foreign talent and brainpower .
Free trade is also one of these prosperity building blocks , and Trump 's call for tariffs as high as 35 percent are worrisome in the extreme . We want Americans and workers all over the world to have access to the best-quality products at the lowest possible price .
Take the Ford plant in Mexico . If it 's more profitable for Ford to produce trucks in Mexico , fine . As the supply of Mexican trucks goes up , this creates higher income for all Mexicans who then go out and spend the new money , not just at home , but in purchasing U.S. goods and services available on the market . And the purchase of American goods and services builds up the U.S. economy . It 's win-win .
Trump is correct that there are unfair trading practices around the world . We know , for example , that China pirates U.S. technologies and patents . They counterfeit our goods .
But slapping Trump 's punitive tariff on imported Chinese goods will hurt America at least as much as it does Beijing . Do we really want to pick an economic war with some of our biggest trade partners ?
Read MoreSeven reasons why the market has gone totally nuts
Because the U.S is the hub of the global trading system , a lurch toward protectionism in America would give other nations an easy excuse to erect higher trade barriers and the domino effect could shut down the global trading system . No wonder financial markets are so jittery .
Trump 's idea of a 35-percent tariff on imported goods would be the biggest tax increase on U.S. consumers in modern times . This wo n't help the poor . Wal-Mart has been one of the greatest anti-poverty programs in world history , and it has achieved the `` everyday low prices '' that greatly benefit the poor and middle class in part through low-cost imports .
Hundreds of millions have moved into the middle class primarily in China , India and elsewhere in Asia , in parts of Latin America and in sub-Saharan Africa — a phenomenal achievement , underscoring the benefits of free trade and open markets .
Here 's what we think is a better economic plan :
Start with substantially cutting or even eliminating the corporate tax . Then stop the double tax on multinational profits by moving to a territorial system , like everyone else in the world . Also , shift to full cash expensing for new investment in plants , equipment and building structures .
Then , reform the personal tax code by lowering the rates , getting rid of corporate crony deductions , simplify the whole system and rip out tens of thousands of regulatory pages from the IRS code . We prefer a flat tax structure . We have seen firsthand companies from Medtronic to Burger King flee the U.S. for lower tax nations because our tax rates are 10 and even 20 percentage points higher than nations like China , Canada and Ireland . This is like imposing a tariff on our own goods and services .
Next , a pro-America energy policy that expands the North American shale oil and gas revolution , ends the war on coal states , builds pipelines , drills on federal lands and allows the export of our vast oil and gas sources — in other words , the precise opposite of the Obama energy strategy — will create millions of new jobs .
Then tackle America 's massive regulatory burden , which , under Republicans and Democrats has expanded exponentially — Obamacare , Sarbanes-Oxley , Dodd-Frank , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , EPA and the National Labor Relations Board — the incredible maze of licenses and regulatory codes that pose a huge barrier to small new-business startups .
Finally , a strong and stable dollar policy that ensures that the value of tomorrow 's greenback will be the same as today . In the 1970s and 2000s , the collapse of the dollar led directly to the collapse of the economy . Right now , the unstable dollar is a huge deterrent of future investment from abroad or at home .
Ideally , Fed monetary policy should aim at a commodity-price rule bolstered by forward-looking inflation-sensitive market prices .
Trump says his goal is a pro-business policy that rewards companies that `` invest in America , return to America , or stay and thrive in America . '' Let us add , `` create in America . '' The good news is that the draft 14-point economic plan that we have seen from Mr. Trump contains variations on most of these ideas . They worked . Growth exploded .
That happened under Republican Reagan and Democrat Clinton . And both were free traders who favored legal immigration .
CLEVELAND -- One of their hottest hitters got hurt without even swinging the bat . Their most consistent pitcher had the shortest outing of his career , and the last-place Seattle Mariners spent four days taking batting practice against the Cleveland Indians ' worn-out staff .
Frayed all season , the Indians are falling apart .
Felix Hernandez shook off a hard fall on a fielding play to strike out 10 , Wily Mo Pena drove in four runs and the Mariners chased Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin before the sixth inning for the first time Wednesday in a 9-2 rout that left the Indians ' playoff hopes flickering .
Just 1½ games out of first place less than a week ago , the Indians have lost six of seven and are under .500 for the first time since April 3 . They 're 6½ games behind the Detroit Tigers in the AL Central .
The race may go on without Cleveland .
`` I still feel like we have a good streak in us , '' manager Manny Acta said , staying positive . `` We 've still got to play the games . We have to get out there and fight . ''
The Indians do n't have much punch left .
Outfielder Shin-Soo Choo hurt his back on a check swing Tuesday night , and when he reported that it was sore while taking pitches during pregame indoor batting practice , Acta dropped him from Wednesday 's starting lineup . Also , catcher Carlos Santana left woozily in the ninth after taking a foul tip off his mask . He was being evaluated for neck pain , Acta said .
Acta have juggled his lineup because of injuries all season , and his batting order included just three players on the field for him on Opening Day .
`` You ca n't sit here and feel sorry for yourself , '' he said . `` It 's tough without Brantley and Kipnis and Hafner and Sizemore and now Choo , but you have to continue to play . ''
Hernandez ( 12-11 ) allowed two runs in six innings , and the Mariners , who got 51 hits in four games , became the first team to knock Tomlin ( 12-7 ) out before the sixth .
Pena hit a two-run homer in the fourth and his two-run double in the fifth was the final blow for Tomlin , who pitched at least five innings in each of his first 37 career starts . The right-hander and current Toronto Blue Jays manager John Farrell are the only two pitchers since 1919 to begin their careers so consistently .
Mariners rookie Kyle Seager went 4-for-4 with three doubles and batted .769 ( 10-for-13 ) in the four-game series . Seattle pitchers combined for 16 strikeouts .
Hernandez 's hustle nearly ended his 200th career start early .
In the third , Cleveland 's Ezequiel Carrera popped up a bunt to the right side . Hernandez , listed at 6-foot-3 and a generous 225 pounds , made a diving attempt to catch it in the air . He came up a little short , and his fully extended body and head slammed down onto the grass .
Hernandez was dazed as a trainer and Mariners manager Eric Wedge checked on him . The right-hander remained hunched over and seemed unsure before throwing a few warmup pitches and staying in . The Mariners continued to look him over when he came back to the dugout .
`` I hit my face , '' Hernandez said . `` I was a little bit woozy , but I was fine after that . ''
Hernandez scoffed at the suggestion he would n't continue .
`` No doubt , '' Hernandez said . `` No one was going to take me out of that game . ''
Tomlin was one strike from owning the record he shares with Farrell when the Mariners got him in the fifth .
He gave up two singles , got two outs and was ahead 1-2 in the count before Miguel Olivo hit an RBI single to snap a 2-2 tie . Seager hit his third double , a ground-rule shot that made it 4-2 . Pena , who homered in his previous at-bat , then laced his double to finish Tomlin .
Acta hung his head as he walked to the mound to ask Tomlin for the ball . The right-hander received a warm ovation from Cleveland 's fans on his way off .
`` It did n't feel good , '' Tomlin said of his early exit . `` You do n't want to leave those guys out to dry -- ever . That 's the worst fear for me , leaving the bullpen out to dry like that . ''
The Indians have hardly gone a day without an injury or injury update .
Choo 's injury came just as Grady Sizemore was taking batting practice for the first time since July 18 . The Indians are also without designated hitter Travis Hafner , who may need season-ending foot surgery . Also , starting second baseman Jason Kipnis and outfielder Michael Brantley are hurt .
It 's forced the club to dip into its Triple-A Columbus roster in a playoff chase .
`` It 's tough and when guys get banged up but part of the game , '' said third baseman Jack Hannahan , who could n't remember the last time the Indians were healthy . `` It 's tough on these guys coming up to be thrown in the fire in a race . It 's a lot of pressure . ''
Game notes
The Indians are off Thursday before opening a three-game series with the Kansas City Royals . ... Sizemore felt `` great '' following a 15-minute batting practice session , his first since going on the DL in July with a bruised knee and following sports hernia surgery . Sizemore 's latest comeback -- he had microfracture surgery last year -- could send him to the minors next week . The Indians hope to have him back by the second week in September . ... Left-hander Anthony Vasquez , who won his major league debut Tuesday , might get another start as Wedge considers a six-man rotation .
Worries abound in the stock market these days as traders fret about the price of oil , deflation , high yield bonds , the global banking system , the economies of Europe , China , and Japan , what the Fed will do next ( and when ) , and Russia . It 's that last one that seems to be attracting the most attention at this stage . As such , it is a good idea to understand why Russian stocks and the country 's currency has any bearing whatsoever on the stock and/or bond markets here in the good ‘ ol USofA .
While trying to predict the outcome of crises can be problematic ( if not a fool 's errand ) , understanding why a crisis is occurring is vital . If investors can thoroughly understand WHY the markets are doing what they are doing , it can be much easier to deal with the price action on a daily basis . The key is to understand that a lack of understanding creates fear , and fear can lead to trading on emotion – and we all know how that tends to turn out .
Remember , a big part of the problem for investors in 2008 was the fact that very few outside of Wall Street really understood the mess that was happening in the credit markets in response to the alphabet soup of securities that were imploding . Few , if any , investors understood the ramifications of the credit markets freezing . And not many folks could comprehend what would happen if money market funds “ broke the buck . ”
So , while the current decline in the stock market may not qualify as a full-on crisis at this stage , it is still probably a good idea to understand why stocks have been diving alongside the price of oil .
Forget Oil , It 's All About Russia Right Now
I know what you 're thinking , “ Wait , what ? I thought this market was about oil . How the heck does Russia fit in ? ”
We have spent a fair amount of time talking about oil lately . And thanks to Dr. Robert Barone for providing a professional economist 's point of view on the subject yesterday . However , at this stage of the game , the action may be more about Russia than the price of “ Texas Tea . ”
First , let 's look at the Russian stock market , which has been just plain ugly lately .
Market Vectors Russia ETF ( NYSE : RSX ) – Weekly
As the chart clearly shows , Russia has been a miserable place to invest for years now . However , the carnage has definitely accelerated in 2014 as the Russian ETF ( ( NYSEARCA : RSX ) ) has fallen more than -47 % since mid-year alone !
Next up is the country 's currency : the ruble . To say that the ruble has been falling would be an understatement . No , put succinctly , the ruble has collapsed as the currency has been hitting all-time lows against the U.S. dollar this week .
So , between the action in the stock market and the ruble , it is safe to say that there could be an economic crisis happening in Russia . But again , why should you care ?
Markets Have Long Memories
Given that I have a meeting with investors later this morning , I 'm going to cut to the chase here . The bottom line is that the situation is Russia could very easily become the next big crisis in the markets .
Anyone who has been in the game a while will remember what happened in 1998 , which is commonly referred to as the “ emerging markets crisis. ” While stocks in the U.S. did not officially enter a bear market , it was a very close call .
If you recall , it was Russia defaulting on debt payments that started the problem . And before long , one of the biggest hedge funds in the world – Long Term Capital Management – was in trouble and needed to be bailed out by Wall Street . Recall that the geniuses that ran LTCM had all the right pedigrees and a couple of them had even won the Nobel Prize for their work on valuing derivatives . However , in a classic case of book-smart vs. reality on Wall Street , the fool-proof approach used by LTCM never imagined that a country like Russia could default on debt or that the implications of such an event could cause their approach to crash and burn – OR – that a hedge fund collapse could threaten the banking system .
Getting back to the point , the problem is that Russia is now in a world of hurt and this could create a spillover effect into the emerging markets , involving currencies , stock markets , and credit markets . In short , the worry is that the problems in Russia could trigger the next emerging market crisis .
We saw hints of this yesterday , as the yield on the U.S. 10-year bond suddenly declined in earnest . This was the first REAL clue that there may be problems afoot as investors tend to flock to the relative safety of U.S. bonds during times of crisis . As such , we would continue to watch the yield on the 10-year as a proxy for whether or not an actual crisis is at hand .
The Bottom Line
So , is a -4.95 % decline in the S & P 500 enough to discount the potential fallout from the debacle in oil and Russia ? This is the real question at hand right now ( well , that and if the “ considerable period ” language will come out of the FOMC statement – we say , yes ) .
Just this morning , there is a report that MSCI could exclude Russia from its emerging market index . And if this occurs , think about the amount of money that will be FORCED to sell Russian equities due to indexing . Yikes .
But the key is to understand that none of us knows how this situation will play out . Sure , you can place a bet on the outcome . And if you bet that the U.S. stock market will survive , you will likely win in the long run . However , it is not inconceivable to say that things could get uncomfortable for a while .
So , while our crystal is in the shop ( still ) , we can try our darndest to understand the questions facing the markets at this point . And this is what this morning 's missive has been about .
Turning To This Morning
This morning 's action is again all about Russia . Sure , there is an election coming up in Greece and Janet Yellen will talk to us today about the outlook for monetary policy and the economy in the U.S . However , the fact that the Russian Foreign Ministry decided to defend the ruble . In an attempt to stem the selling in the country 's currency , Russia 's Deputy Finance Minister Alexei Moisseyev was quoted as saying they will be selling “ for as long as we need to ” . Many believe the move is seen as being ( 1 ) odd that the Russian Central Bank was not involved and ( b ) behind the curve . Reports suggest that Russia will need to take more aggressive action in terms of currency intervention and that capital controls may be needed to stem ruble pain . Here at home , all eyes will be on the Fed this afternoon as the FOMC is likely to remove the “ considerable period ” language from the FOMC statement describing how long rates are likely to stay at record lows . Traders will also be listening intently for any mention of the action in oil or the goings on in other parts of the world . U.S. stock futures are currently following the action in the ruble and point to a rebound at the open on Wall Street .
Neil Young with the Santa Monica Flyers
Palace Theatre , Manchester , England
November 3rd 1973
( Complete and lossless )
Download : FLAC/MP3
Two Sources :
First Source :
4th gen aud tape = > SB-Live = > CoolEdit = > flac
Second Source :
? > CDR > EAC ( Secure no C2 ) > Flac ( Flacfrontend , level 6 )
CD 1
1 . Tonight 's The Night
2 . Mellow My Mind
3 . World On A String
4. band intro
5 . Speakin ' Out
6 . Albuquerque
7. piano fun / talk
8 . New Mama
9 . Roll Another # ( For The Road )
10 . Tired Eyes
11 . Tonight 's The Night
CD 2
1 . Flying On The Ground Is Wrong ( 20 sec dropout )
2. talk
3 . Human Highway
4. talk
5 . Helpless
6. talk
7 . Do n't Be Denied
8 . Cowgirl In The Sand
Neil Young – vocals , guitar , piano , harmonica
Ben Keith – pedal steel guitar , piano , vocals
Nils Lofgren – guitar , piano , accordion , vocals
Billy Talbot – bass , vocals
Ralph Molina – drums , vocals
An abandoned Russian cruise ship , drifting in the sea with no crew or warning lights , has turned up off the west coast of Ireland .
The MV Lyubov Orlova – once used by the Soviet Union for polar cruises and expeditions - was being towed from Canada to a scrapyard in the Caribbean in January when a cable snapped setting it adrift in international waters .
At the time , the Canadian authorities said it was decided not to pursue the drifting vessel as there are no people aboard the ship and there was a serious concern for the safety of Canadian sailors involved in the salvage operation , given the weather and dangerous sea conditions .
Transport Canada later claimed the ship was no longer Canada 's responsibility because it had drifted out of the country 's jurisdictional waters .
A week or so later on February 1st , the derelict vessel was intercepted by the Atlantic Hawk , a supply craft used by the Canadian energy firm Husky Energy , only to be cut loose once again in response to fears of a possible collision .
Following this incident , Transport Canada insisted the vessel no longer posed a threat to `` the safety of offshore oil installations , their personnel or the marine environment '' .
“ The vessel has drifted into international waters and given current patterns and predominant winds , it is very unlikely that the vessel will re-enter waters under Canadian jurisdiction , ” it said .
However , earlier this week , maritime officials admitted they did not know the location of the ship as its global positioning system was no longer functioning . Since then there have been conflicting reports as to the ship whereabouts .
That was until a document from the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency obtained by the AFP news agency yesterday said the Lyubov Orlova had now been spotted about 1,300 nautical miles from the Irish coast .
The ice-strengthened ship - named after the Soviet star of the same name – was built in 1976 by the Russian-based Far East Shipping Company .
She served as an expedition cruise ship before being abandoned dockside in St John 's , Newfoundland .
American band , Beirut is a very unique group which utilizes a wide range of world instruments . Beirut originally started as solo project for Zach Condon but quickly grew into a full band by 2006 . Their fifth album , No No No , was released September 2015 and was in my top three albums released in 2015 . No No No has a very different sound in comparison to their previous albums while still retaining the overall essence which Beirut has developed over the years . The tempo and atmosphere is a bit more upbeat and less morose/somber . The track 'Perth ' has a whimsical sound I just love to listen to , while still maintaining their drawn-out sound . The notes played by the keyboard gives an optimistic energy , especially when coupled with the horn . The hollow sound of the drums produced in the song Gibraltar adds a vibe I have yet to experience with this band . This album provided a whole new side of Beirut which I did n't know existed . Definitely worth a listen , even if you do not purchase on vinyl .
Current price as of 9:20 AM EST 11/10 : $ 5.37 + $ 3.99 shipping ( Price may change )
C O N T E N T S
Introduction - Evolution of the Mobile Market
The Basics of Cellular Technology and the Use of the Radio Spectrum
Access Technologies ( FDMA , TDMA , CDMA )
Cellular Standards for 1G and 2G
Cellular Standards for 3G
: ITU 's IMT-2000 Family
Industry Acronyms and Terms
Bibliography : Hot Links
Introduction - Evolution of the Mobile Market
The first radiotelephone service was introduced in the US at the end of the 1940s , and was meant to connect mobile users in cars to the public fixed network . In the 1960s , a new system launched by Bell Systems , called Improved Mobile Telephone Service ” ( IMTS ) , brought many improvements like direct dialing and higher bandwidth . The first analog cellular systems were based on IMTS and developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s . The systems were “ cellular ” because coverage areas were split into smaller areas or “ cells ” , each of which is served by a low power transmitter and receiver .
This first generation ( 1G ) analog system for mobile communications saw two key improvements during the 1970s : the invention of the microprocessor and the digitization of the control link between the mobilephone and the cell site .
Second generation ( 2G ) digital cellular systems were first developed at the end of the 1980s . These systems digitized not only the control link but also the voice signal . The new system provided better quality and higher capacity at lower cost to consumers .
Third generation ( 3G ) systems promise faster communications services , including voice , fax and Internet , anytime and anywhere with seamless global roaming . ITU 's IMT-2000 global standard for 3G has opened the way to enabling innovative applications and services ( e.g . multimedia entertainment , infotainment and location-based services , among others ) . The first 3G networks were deployed in Korea and Japan in 2000 and 2001 . 2.5G networks , such as GPRS ( Global Packet Radio Service ) are already available in some parts of Europe .
It is to be noted that analog and digital systems , 1G and 2G , still co-exist in many areas . Similarly , 2G and 3G systems will co-exist for some time .
The Basics of Cellular Technology and the Use of the Radio Spectrum
Mobile operators use radio spectrum to provide their services . Spectrum is generally considered a scarce resource , and has been allocated as such . It has traditionally been shared by a number of industries , including broadcasting , mobile communications and the military . At the World Radio Conference ( WRC ) in 1993 , spectrum allocations for 2G mobile were agreed based on expected demand growth at the time . At WRC 2000 , the resolutions of the WRC expanded significantly the spectrum capacity to be used for 3G , by allowing the use of current 2G spectrum blocks for 3G technology and allocating 3G spectrum to an upper limit of 3GHz .
Before the advent of cellular technology , capacity was enhanced through a division of frequencies , and the resulting addition of available channels . However , this reduced the total bandwidth available to each user , affecting the quality of service . Cellular technology allowed for the division of geographical areas , rather than frequencies , leading to a more efficient use of the radio spectrum . This geographical re-use of radio channels is knows as “ frequency reuse ” .
In a cellular network , cells are generally organized in groups of seven to form a cluster . There is a “ cell site ” or “ base station ” at the centre of each cell , which houses the transmitter/receiver antennae and switching equipment . The size of a cell depends on the density of subscribers in an area : for instance , in a densely populated area , the capacity of the network can be improved by reducing the size of a cell or by adding more overlapping cells . This increases the number of channels available without increasing the actual number of frequencies being used . All base stations of each cell are connected to a central point , called the Mobile Switching Office ( MSO ) , either by fixed lines or microwave . The MSO is generally connected to the PSTN ( Public Switched Telephone Network ) :
Cellular technology allows the “ hand-off ” of subscribers from one cell to another as they travel around . This is the key feature which allows the mobility of users . A computer constantly tracks mobile subscribers of units within a cell , and when a user reaches the border of a call , the computer automatically hands-off the call and the call is assigned a new channel in a different cell .
International roaming arrangements govern the subscriber 's ability to make and receive calls the home network 's coverage area .
Access Technologies ( FDMA , TDMA , CDMA )
FDMA : Frequency Division Multiple Access ( FDMA ) is the most common analog system . It is a technique whereby spectrum is divided up into frequencies and then assigned to users . With FDMA , only one subscriber at any given time is assigned to a channel . The channel therefore is closed to other conversations until the initial call is finished , or until it is handed-off to a different channel . A “ full-duplex ” FDMA transmission requires two channels , one for transmitting and the other for receiving . FDMA has been used for first generation analog systems .
TDMA : Time Division Multiple Access ( TDMA ) improves spectrum capacity by splitting each frequency into time slots . TDMA allows each user to access the entire radio frequency channel for the short period of a call . Other users share this same frequency channel at different time slots . The base station continually switches from user to user on the channel . TDMA is the dominant technology for the second generation mobile cellular networks .
CDMA : Code Division Multiple Access is based on “ spread ” spectrum technology . Since it is suitable for encrypted transmissions , it has long been used for military purposes . CDMA increases spectrum capacity by allowing all users to occupy all channels at the same time . Transmissions are spread over the whole radio band , and each voice or data call are assigned a unique code to differentiate from the other calls carried over the same spectrum . CDMA allows for a “ soft hand-off ” , which means that terminals can communicate with several base stations at the same time . The dominant radio interface for third-generation mobile , or IMT-2000 , will be a wideband version of CDMA with three modes ( IMT-DS , IMT-MC and IMT-TC ) .
Cellular Standards for 1G and 2G
Each generation of mobile communications has been based on a dominant technology , which has significantly improved spectrum capacity . Until the advent of IMT-2000 , cellular networks had been developed under a number of proprietary , regional and national standards , creating a fragmented market .
First Generation :
1 ) Advanced Mobile Phone System ( AMPS ) was first launched in the US . It is an analog system based on FDMA ( Frequency Division Multiple Access ) technology . Today , it is the most used analog system and the second largest worldwide .
2 ) Nordic Mobile Telephone ( NMT ) was mainly developed in the Nordic countries . ( 4.5 million in 1998 in some 40 countries including Nordic countries , Asia , Russia , and other Eastern European Countries )
3 ) Total Access Communications System ( TACS ) was first used in the UK in 1985 . It was based on the AMPS technology .
There were also a number of other proprietary systems , rarely sold outside the home country .
Second Generation :
1 ) Global System for Mobile Communications ( GSM ) was the first commercially operated digital cellular system . It was first developed in the 1980s through a pan-European initiative , involving the Eureopean Commission , telecommunications operators and equipment manufacturers . The European Telecommunications Standards Institute was responsible for GSM standardization . GSM uses TDMA ( Time Division Multiple Access ) technology . It is being used by all European countries , and has been adopeted in other continents . It is the dominant cellular standard today , with over ( 45 % ) of the world 's subscribers at April 1999 .
2 ) TDMA IS-136 is the digital enhancement of the analog AMPS technology . It was called D-AMPS when it was fisted introduced in late 1991 and its main objective was to protect the substantial investment that service providers had bmade in AMPS technology . Digital AMPS sevices have been launched in some 70 countries worldwide ( by March 1999 , there were almost 22 million TDMA handsets in circulation , the dominant markets being the Americas , and parts of Asia )
3 ) CDMA IS-95 increases capacity by using the entire radio band with each using a unique code ( CDMA or Code Division Multiple Access ) . It is a family of digital communication techniques and South Korea is the largest single CDMA IS-95 market in the world .
4 ) Personal Digital Cellular ( PDC ) is the second largest digital mobile standard although it is exclusively used in Japan where it was introduced in 1994 . Like GSM , it is based on the TDMA access technology . In November 2001 , there were some 66.39 million PDC users in Japan .
5 ) Personal Handyphone System ( PHS ) is a digital system used in Japan , first launched in 1995 as a cheaper alternative to cellular systems . It is somewhere in between a cellular and a cordless technology . It has inferior coverage area and limited usage in moving vehicles . In November 2001 , Japan had 5.68 million PHS subscribers .
Cellular Standards for the Third Generation : The ITU 's IMT-2000 family
It is in the mid-1980s that the concept for IMT-2000 , “ International Mobile Telecommunications ” , was born at the ITU as the third generation system for mobile communications . After over ten years of hard work under the leadership of the ITU , a historic decision was taken in the year 2000 : unanimous approval of the technical specifications for third generation systems under the brand IMT-2000 . The spectrum between 400 MHz and 3 GHz is technically suitable for the third generation . The entire telecommunication industry , including both industry and national and regional standards-setting bodies gave a concerted effort to avoiding the fragmentation that had thus far characterized the mobile market . This approval meant that for the first time , full interoperability and interworking of mobile systems could be achieved . IMT-2000 is the result of collaboration of many entities , inside the ITU ( ITU-R and ITU-T ) , and outside the ITU ( 3GPP , 3GPP2 , UWCC and so on )
IMT-2000 offers the capability of providing value-added services and applications on the basis of a single standard . The system envisages a platform for distributing converged fixed , mobile , voice , data , Internet and multimedia services . One of its key visions is to provide seamless global roaming , enabling users to move across borders while using the same number and handset . IMT-2000 also aims to provide seamless delivery of services , over a number of media ( satellite , fixed , etc… ) . It is expected that IMT-2000 will provide higher transmission rates : a minimum speed of 2Mbit/s for stationary or walking users , and 348 kbit/s in a moving vehicle . Second-generation systems only provide speeds ranging from 9.6 kbit/s to 28.8 kbit/s .
In addition , IMT-2000 has the following key characteristics :
1 . Flexibility
With the large number of mergers and consolidations occurring in the mobile industry , and the move into foreign markets , operators wanted to avoid having to support a wide range of different interfaces and technologies . This would surely have hindered the growth of 3G worldwide . The IMT-2000 standard addresses this problem , by providing a highly flexible system , capable of supporting a wide range of services and applications . The IMT-2000 standard accommodates five possible radio interfaces based on three different access technologies ( FDMA , TDMA and CDMA ) :
Value-added services and worldwide applications development on the basis of one single standard
accommodating five possible radio interfaces based on three technologies
2 . Affordability
There was agreement among industry that 3G systems had to be affordable , in order to encourage their adoption by consumers and operators .
3 . Compatibility with existing systems
IMT-2000 services have to be compatible with existing systems . 2G systems , such as the GSM standard ( prevalent in Europe and parts of Asia and Africa ) will continue to exist for some time and compatibility with these systems must be assured through effective and seamless migration paths .
4 . Modular Design
The vision for IMT-2000 systems is that they must be easily expandable in order to allow for growth in users , coverage areas , and new services , with minimum initial investment .
__________
Source : ITU
Industry Acronyms and Terms
ITU Glossary of Mobile Internet Terms
GSM Association 's Glossary
UMTS Forum : Glossary of Terms
FCC 's Glossary of Telecommunications Terms
Wireless Industry Terms from WirelessWeek
What is IMT-2000 , International Telecommunication Union
What is CDMA technology , CDMA Development Group
Universal Mobile Telecommunications System ( UMTS ) Forum
CDMA Development Group ( CDG )
GSM Association
3rd Generation Partnership Project ( 3GPP )
3rd Generation Partnership Project 2 ( 3GPP2 )
European Telecommunications Standards Institute ( ETSI )
Wireless World Research Forum ( WWRF )
China Wireless Telecommunication Standard Group ( CWTS )
Japan 's Association of Radio Industries and Businesses ( ARIB )
Clinton seeks to move past email controversy , blames officials
Hillary Clinton sought to move past the email controversy dogging her presidential campaign , placing some of the blame on other officials for sending her classified information .
Speaking during an interview with CNN , the presumptive Democratic nominee said her use of a private email account as secretary of state was a `` mistake . ''
`` That is something that , at the time ... seemed like a convenience , but it was the wrong choice , '' she added . `` I am certainly relieved and glad that the investigation has concluded . ''
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said her use of a private email account as secretary of state was a `` mistake '' ©Kena Betancur ( AFP/File )
FBI chief James Comey on Tuesday recommended that no charges be brought over Clinton 's email use during her time as State Department chief from 2009 to 2013 . The Justice Department on Wednesday accepted the recommendation , bringing the probe to an end .
However , Comey said the FBI investigation had found Clinton was `` extremely careless '' in sending classified information via her personal email account , and that 110 emails had contained classified information .
Clinton had said there were none whose content was classified at the time they were written .
In her interview Friday Clinton deflected some of the blame toward `` people in government , mostly in the State Department '' with whom she communicated `` who did not believe they were sending any material that was classified . ''
`` I do not think they were careless , '' she said . `` I just believe that the material ... was being communicated by professionals , many with years of handling sensitive classified material , ( who ) did not believe that it was . ''
Comey 's rebuke of Clinton fanned the controversy and could still complicate her increasingly tight race against Republican rival Donald Trump .
He and other Republicans have cried foul over the lack of charges , alleging that Clinton 's influence helped her escape criminal proceedings .
Clinton on Friday maintained she was unaware at the time that she had sent classified information .
`` I certainly did not believe that I received or sent any material that was classified , '' she said , adding that emails containing classified information were `` not marked or were marked inaccurately . ''
The State Department said Thursday it will reopen its internal investigation into whether Clinton compromised her handling of classified material .
A very creative first grade teacher , who also happens to love American Ninja Warrior , reached out tell us about an assignment she was going to give her class of six and seven year olds .
Her students have been learning about shapes and how they work in our environment around us . She was challenging her students to make American Ninja Warrior obstacles using the shapes they 've learned .
Pretty awesome , right ? We knew we had to help them out !
Host Matt Iseman himself recorded a video to introduce the assignment to the class .
Which got us thinking , we want to see ALL the obstacle designs ! Sit down with your kids and help them design an American Ninja Warrior obstacle . Then , upload it to the comments below .
( You can upload the image directly , or post it on your social media and share a link in the comments . )
We 'll gather all the images together in a post to show Matt . He really wants to see what the littlest American Ninja Warrior fans come up with !
On Oct. 5 in Mer Rouge , Louisiana , a freight train crashed into an 18-wheeler truck trapped on the rails , causing a devastating derailment and prompting evacuation of fifty homes in the vicinity over fears of a gas leak—and the whole thing was caught on camera .
17 carriages and two engines of the 87-carriage Union Pacific freight train were derailed after colliding with a truck stranded on the train track , but luckily there were no fatalities in the crash . ABC reports that the truck driver was not in the vehicle , and the train conductor is “ being treated in hospital for non-life threatening injuries . ”
Stunning footage caught by a couple driving through the town show the exact moment of impact from just meters away , and later in the footage gas can be seen leaking from a pressurized container .
It was this pressurized argon gas that prompted the initial evacuation of dozens of nearby houses over fears of gas leaks or explosions , but residents were allowed to return home when it was later determined not to be hazardous .
Astonishingly , this is n't even the first time this has happened in the town . “ We 've had three fatalities down here at this other crossing and this is the second 18-wheeler crash we have had right here , ” Police Chief Mitch Stephens told KNOE news .
A photo of the subsequent wreckage . Screengrab via KNOE .
KNOE 's full report—including clips of the couple 's footage—can be watched here :
H/T Reddit | Screengrab via David 's Garden Seeds And Products / YouTube
A U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet takes off from Bagram Air Field , Afghanistan , on July 28 , 2015. the 455th Air Expeditionary Wing at Bagram was involved in a massive operation against al-Qaeda training camps this month . ( Photo by Tech . Sgt . Joseph Swafford/ Air Force )
KABUL , Afghanistan — A multi-day operation in southern Afghanistan this month that involved 200 Special Operations forces and scores of American airstrikes targeted what was “ probably the largest ” al-Qaeda training camp found in the 14-year Afghan war , the senior U.S. commander in Afghanistan said on Friday .
Army Gen. John F. Campbell , the four-star officer in charge of the U.S. war effort , said the camp was used by AQIS , an acronym for al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent . The group 's formation was announced last year by al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , and is believed to be based in Pakistan and focused on India , Pakistan and other nations in southern Asia .
[ How this elite Air Force rescue squadron 's mission has evolved in Afghanistan ]
The operation , announced by the U.S. military on Oct. 11 , hit one training area that sprawled over 30 square miles and another small one that was about one square mile , U.S. military officials said . U.S. and Afghan troops were involved in the ground assault , with 63 airstrikes launched to cover them . Some 160 al-Qaeda fighters were reported killed .
The training camps were found in Kandahar province 's Shorabak district , a sparsely populated area along Afghanistan 's southern border with Pakistan , and the facilities are believed to have been in existence for up to a year .
That in itself has raised questions about the effectiveness of the U.S. military to find and strike the militants 14 years after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks prompted the United States to topple the Taliban and begin hunting al-Qaeda . U.S. officials have long said that only the bare remnants of al-Qaeda remained in Afghanistan , and that they were concentrated in a few valleys in the eastern part of the country .
Army Gen. John Campbell is shown here in Washington in February 2015 , as he prepares to testify before the Senate Armed Services Committee . ( Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images )
“ It 's a place where you would probably think you would n't have AQ . I would agree with that , ” Campbell said of the Kandahar operation , using an acronym for al-Qaeda . “ This was really AQIS , and probably the largest training camp-type facility that we have seen in 14 years of war . ”
Campbell , speaking in an interview in his office , said the existence of the camps in Kandahar province were discovered after a raid this summer on another al-Qaeda facility in the Barmal district of eastern Afghanistan 's Paktika province . That rugged , mountainous district borders North Waziristan , in one of Pakistan 's tribal areas with a long history of both al-Qaeda and Taliban operations .
[ At Bagram Airfield , a mass grave hints at the brutality of another war ]
“ We looked at it for a while to make sure we reduced the risk to the forces that go in on a target like that , ” Campbell said of the operation this month . “ It was a very complex target set over several days . ”
Campbell said it was initially surprising to find the camps in the south , “ but I think as we step back now and really analyze it , it shouldn't. ” The enemy continues to evolve , he said , especially as Pakistan launches operations on its side of the border to root out insurgent fighters and the Islamic State competes with al-Qaeda for global influence .
“ What I think you have to do is challenge your assumptions here , ” the general said . “ Things change , and what was good here in 2010 or 2011 may not necessarily be good today as far as the enemy . ”
The training camps were hit just days before President Obama announced Oct. 15 that he will be keeping 9,800 troops in Afghanistan through most of 2016 and 5,500 into 2017 , rather than reducing the force to about 1,000 service members by the end of 2016 , as he had announced eatlier . He did so after a months-long review and a bloody year in which insurgents have successfully , albeit temporarily , taken control of cities like Kunduz in the north and Musa Qala in Helmand province .
[ Meet the guns protecting U.S. bases from rocket attacks in Afghanistan ]
The Islamic State militant group that has terrorized parts of Iraq and Syria also has sprung up in Afghanistan , recruiting in several parts of the country and launching operations in Nangarhar province in the southeast . It also has fought the Taliban , who exert control in the same area .
AQIS began migrating from North Waziristan to southern Afghanistan last year with other al-Qaeda-linked groups after Pakistan launched a military offensive in the region , said Michael Kugelman , a senior associate for South Asia at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington . Timing was everything , he added : It would have been helpful to the governments in Kabul and Washington if Pakistan had done so a few years earlier , when the United States had more than 100,000 troops in Afghanistan .
“ Instead , you 've had all these AQIS and other al-Qaeda fighters and their allies flowing into a region of Afghanistan without a foreign combat presence , but with a strong Taliban presence , which in many cases exerts de facto control , ” Kugelman said .
Kugelman warned against assuming that all of the militants at the camps targeted were “ uniquely AQIS fighters. ” Al-Qaeda has a deep bench of militant allies , he said , including fighters who are in the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban .
Campbell did not detail the composition of the ground force involved in the operation in Kandahar province , but credited Afghan Special Operations troops with being involved in a series of raids that produced key intelligence about insurgent groups .
[ An Army Chinook crew 's mission in Afghanistan , in pictures and video ]
The Afghan government also established this summer an American-style intelligence “ fusion cell ” that analyzes and compares information collected by Kabul 's defense and interior ministries and its security forces .
Asked about the operation last week , the senior officer in charge of Air Force aviation in Afghanistan , Brig . Gen. David Julazadeh , said that the 455th Expeditionary Air Wing that he commands from Bagram Airfield north of Kabul was “ intimately involved ” in the planning of the operation in Kandahar province . His wing has F-16 fighter jets at Bagram , along with armed MQ-1 Predator and MQ-9 Reaper drones flying from Jalalabad Airfield and Kandahar Airfield , respectively .
“ It was pretty awesome , ” Julazadeh said . “ I 'll just leave it at that . It was highly coordinated between us and the Special Operations folks . ”
Update :
Ian Rapoport confirms that signing free agent RB LeGarrette Blount to a contract between now and July 22 would impact a team 's 2018 compensatory formula .
This will likely have an impact on his market and may actually increase the odds of him re-signing with the Patriots this summer .
————
Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk reports that the Patriots tendered free agent RB LeGarrette Blount a May 9 offer that would pay him 110 percent of his total 2016 compensation .
NFL teams can tender offers to unrestricted free agents before May 9 and in turn obtain exclusive negotiating rights with the player if he does n't sign elsewhere before July 22 . If Blount were to sign with a new team prior to July 22 , he would count against the team 's compensatory picks in 2018 .
This means that if Blount is still unsigned as of July 22 , he can only agree to a deal with the Patriots until Week 10 of the regular season .
Blount would make $ 1.1 million for the 2017 season under this tender . However , Jeff Howe reports that Blount has no plans to sign the Patriots ' tender at the moment .
It 's worth mentioning that the Giants and Lions have both come up as potential landing spots for Blount in recent weeks .
Blount , 30 , originally signed on with the Titans as an undrafted free agent out of Oregon back in 2010 . He was unable to make the Titans ' 53-man roster during his rookie season but was later claimed off of waivers by the Buccaneers .
Tampa Bay elected to trade Blount to the Patriots in return for Jeff Demps and a late-round pick after three years . Blount had a brief stint with the Steelers before he was cut loose during the 2013 season and later re-signed by the Patriots .
Last year , the Patriots brought Blount back on a one-year , $ 760,000 contract .
In 2016 , Blount rushed for 1,161 yards on 299 carries ( 3.9 YPC ) to go along with 18 rushing touchdowns and seven receptions for 38 yards receiving . Pro Football Focus has him rated as the No . 39 running back out of 62 qualifying players .
We have him featured in our Top 50 Available Free Agents list .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2008 September 12
Planets over Perth
Credit & Copyright : John Goldsmith , Celestial Visions exhibition , TWAN
Explanation : A bright trio of terrestrial planets was joined by a young Moon on September 1st , in planet Earth 's early evening skies . In this view of the celestial gathering from Perth , Western Australia , the Moon 's sunlit crescent is nearly horizontal at Perth 's southern latitude of about 32 degrees . Venus , then Mercury , and finally Mars shine above colorful city lights on the far shore of the Swan River . The six unlit towers on the left surround a large cricket stadium . For now , the planetary trio still lingers low in the west just after sunset . But in the coming days Venus will move farther from the Sun , climbing higher after sunset , while Mercury and Mars will steadily sink into the glare along the western horizon .
Well , here 's something out of Ivy League Brown University that you probably were n't expecting .
The student body president will begin the process of delivering menstruation products to all nonresidential bathrooms on campus — including men 's and gender-inclusive bathrooms . The reason for the initiative is to highlight that feminine hygiene products are not a luxury , they 're an necessity .
Viet Nguyen , the student body president , said , “ There 's been a lot of conversation about why pads and tampons are a necessity , not a luxury , but not a lot of action . We wanted to take it into our own hands . Low-income students struggle with having the necessary funding for food , let alone tampons . ”
But why the need for including tampons in men 's room as well ? Nguyen 's reasoning is based on the fact that not all people who menstruate are women . “ We wanted to set a tone of trans-inclusivity , and not forget that they 're an important part of the population , ” he said .
While Nguyen 's initiative may be embraced by many — in fact , others affiliated with Brown University have praised the move as a “ tremendous initiative ” — he is realistic that his endeavor may not be warmly welcomed by everyone . “ I 'd be naïve to say there wo n't be push back . I 've had questions about why we 're implementing this in male bathrooms as well . It 's an initial confusion , but people generally understand when we explain it . ”
The products are expected to be made available in upwards of 40 bathrooms across the Ivy League campus this Fall . The move comes at the same time that many New York City public schools will provide free tampons for students in 6th – 12th grades , after the passing of of a July 13 law by Mayor Bill de Blasio . The NYC Mayor remarked , “ These laws recognize that feminine hygiene products are a necessity ― not a luxury . ”
[ h/t Newsweek ]
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
There are many who believe that the role of a musician is to entertain , certainly not to get involved in politics . They see artists such as Beyoncé , Katy Perry , and Pharrell Williams publicly endorsing Hillary Clinton in last year 's US Presidential Election and groan . It is true that often musicians try and use their influence without much insight or knowledge of the issues . Sometimes they even stand for office ( with varying levels of success ) . Wyclef Jean attempted to run for the Presidency of Haiti , but embarrassingly failed to meet the residency requirement of living in Haiti for 5 years before the election . More successful attempts to move into politics came from artists including Sonny Bono ( who was Mayor of Palm Springs , California , and a member of the US House of Representatives until his tragic death ) , soul legend Jerry Butler ( Commissioner for Cook County , Illinois ) , and , perhaps more bizarrely , Rhys Hutchings of Welsh comedy rap group Goldie Looking Chain ( Newport City Councillor 2012-2017 ) .
Who are these musicians to tell us how to vote or how to live ? Why were Oasis invited to Downing Street in 1997 ? How did a ska song denouncing Theresa May as a ‘ Liar , Liar ‘ reach number 4 in the UK Singles Chart ? What 's grime got to do with it all ?
Music and politics are among the most ancient of arts . Kings and nobles would often commission musical numbers to be written and sponsor composers . Bach & Handel both served as ‘ Kapellmeisters ' to nobility , the latter for King George I . His composition ‘ Music for the Royal Fireworks ‘ was written under instruction from George II to celebrate the end of the War of Austrian Succession . Here music was used to create a sense of national pride , to display the devoutness of the composer 's patron , to be anthems of success and good fortune .
Moving forward in time it was music which helped give voice to the repressed through protest songs . From ‘ No More Auction Block ‘ and ‘ We Shall Overcome ‘ to ‘ Strange Fruit ‘ and ‘ A Change Is Gon na Come ‘ , the Abolitionist and Civil Rights movements in the USA were iconic in their use of music . Music brought people together , it inspired hope ; it allowed a shared expression . Having a shared expression is vital in the relationship between music and politics . Because music and lyrics can be interpreted differently by different people , it is possible for individuals with different experiences to all share in their resonance with a particular song or piece of music . Shared expression can most obviously be seen through national anthems . Take , for example , the passion with which a Cardiff crowd belts out ‘ Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau ' or the celebration of diversity that is the multilingual South African National Anthem which flows wonderfully from the hymn of pan-African liberation ‘ Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika ' through the Rainbow Nation 's 5 most common languages , including the old Afrikaans anthem ‘ Die Stem van Suid-Afrika ' .
Just like anthems are used to evoke a sense of national pride , other songs can help create a common purpose or identity amongst a group or movement . Russia is a great example , as music has been used quite extensively in both opposition to and support for the current regime . The feminist punk band Pussy Riot were arrested in 2012 for a guerilla performance in a Russian Orthodox Cathedral in Moscow and pop star Valeriya has been a vocal supporter of the country 's annexation of Crimea . Russian authorities are also thought to be behind recent music videos ridiculing opposition protesters and were outraged when Ukraine banned their 2017 Eurovision entrant Yulia Samoylova from entering the country due to a previous tour of Crimea . Ukraine 's controversial winning song in 2016 was about the deportation of the region 's Tatar people by Stalin in the 1940 's and did little to improve relations between the counties ..
All art forms can be subject to use by those in politics . Campaign posters are often used inventively to create an image or aura about political leaders or parties such as Obama 's iconic ‘ Hope ' posters in 2008 or the Conservative 's famous ‘ Labour Is n't Working ' poster from 1978 . Likewise music has become very important in political campaigning . Nowadays you ca n't go to a political rally or party conference without hearing some kind of entrance music , and that itself is n't as simple as it may seem . In the US Presidential races over the years we have seen the likes of Fleetwood Mac 's ‘ Do n't Stop ' for Bill Clinton , U2 's ‘ City of Blinding Lights ' for Barack Obama and more recently by John Kasich , and , in a bizarre twist , ABBA 's ‘ Take a Chance On Me ' was used by John McCain .
These songs are not chosen by chance or just because they sound a certain way ; they are used to convey a message . It is also now not uncommon for musicians to send a message by prohibiting certain politicians from using their music . Bobby McFerrin objected to George HW Bush 's use of ‘ Do n't Worry , Be Happy ' and Keane drummer Richard Hughes tweeted that the Conservatives had not asked permission to use the band 's song ‘ Everybody 's Changing ' in 2010 and that he would not be voting for the party . Multiple artists , including Adele , Queen , Neil Young , R.E.M , Aerosmith and the Rolling Stones , demanded that the Trump campaign stopped using their music at rallies and events ( John Oliver did a great segment on it which you can watch here ) .
Musicians are as influential as ever , they , just like Trump , are able to express their views to millions through social media . So while some may see the likes of Bruce Springsteen and Jay-Z on stage with Barack Obama at political rallies and roll their eyes , the ability to emanate into pop culture ( like Obama has managed to do ) can help create a positive image while bypassing the press . In 1997 Tony Blair 's New Labour rode the wave of ‘ Cool Britannia ' to a landslide electoral victory . Their endorsements from the likes of Oasis ' Gallagher brothers and their campaign song ‘ Things Can Only Get Better ' by D : Ream ( probably the most typically 90 's campaign song they could have chosen ) made the party look like a fresh and positive alternative after 18 years of Tory rule . This is now beginning to be mirrored in the appeal of Corbyn 's Labour .
This year has seen one of the most interesting grassroots political movements of recent years : Grime4Corbyn . Grime is a genre which developed in London in the early 2000 's with influences from garage , hip-hop , jungle and dancehall . Today it is one of the dominant urban music scenes in the UK and is incredibly popular with young people with artists such as Skepta , Stormzy & Wiley breaking into the charts with increasing regularity over the past decade . In 2016 , grime artist Novelist declared public support for Jeremy Corbyn and was followed later that year by Stormzy , who referred to Corbyn in an interview as “ my man , Jeremy ” . Early in this year 's election campaign influential artist JME recorded and interview with Corbyn for Vice , where the man who said he had never voted as it had n't been able to see where it would make a difference for his life was visibly won over by Corbyn and also endorsed the Labour leader . Soon more and more elements of the grime scene came out to back Labour and Corbyn in particular . Many cited his personability , his consistent record of standing up against issues like the Apartheid and the Iraq War , and his campaign to help the disadvantaged in society as reasons for their support . As far as unofficial campaigns go , the Grime4Corbyn movement was incredibly successful in mobilising young voters who had long been absent at the ballot box . They made their own merchandise and even mixed one of Corbyn 's speeches into its own grime track .
[ soundcloud url= ” https : //api.soundcloud.com/tracks/319232432″ params= ” auto_play=false & hide_related=false & show_comments=true & show_user=true & show_reposts=false & visual=true ” width= ” 100 % ” height= ” 450″ iframe= ” true ” / ]
While the youth turnout is estimated to be lower than the initial 72 % figure that was floated about in the wake of the election , it is still thought to be somewhere in the 60/-70 % range , a huge surge from the 43 % of 18-24 year olds who voted in 2015 . The use of shared expression gave a voice to disenfranchised and often ignored young voters .
Music has become more and more intertwined in the world of politics and shows no signs of letting go . Whether it is used in protest , to mobilise voters , or to ridicule opposition , music is an effective way of inspiring support or expressing criticism or dissent . From Pete Seeger 's ‘ Where Have All the Flowers Gone ' , to ‘ Free Nelson Mandela ' , to Captain Ska 's ‘ Liar , Liar ' , it is clear that nobody should expect music or art to stop being a part of politics anytime soon .
You can find any of the songs or artists mentioned in this article in this YouTube playlist .
If you enjoyed what you read here you can follow us on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram to keep up to date with everything we are covering , or sign up to our mailing list here !
Apple released a new version of their MacBook Air during their WWDC early June 2013 which will start at a price of $ 999 , but did you know you could get it for as low as $ 930 ? But it will depend on where you are staying . We asked the question of much the prices of Apple products differ from one country to another .
Based on our research , yeah , you can get your Apple products at a cheaper price in Asia than in the US but only in a few countries .
Let 's take a look .
Methodology
We 're keeping this simple and only pitting the prices of a few products in 11 countries against prices in the US . Australia and New Zealand are included in the Asia Pacific region in Apple ‘ s page so they are included .
The prices of each device were taken from the Apple Store online in each country , except for India which was taken from from an official reseller ( here ) .
Note :
Prices highlighted in Green indicates cheapest .
indicates cheapest . Prices highlighted in Red indicates most expensive .
indicates most expensive . All the prices are in US Dollars based on a currency conversion rate by Google ( Accurate as of : 24 June 2013 )
Check Out Price Comparisons
Skip the queue with these shortcuts :
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
MacBook Pro with Retina Display
Mac Mini
iMac
Mac Pro
AirPort , AirPort Time Capsule
Apple TV
iPad With Retina Display
iPad Mini
Master List
Here 's an inside look at the prices of the Apple product based on their local currencies prior to conversion . Basically these are the local prices the products are going for in the respective countries .
Conclusions
We 've drawn a few conclusions from the numbers . Keep in mind that the prices are based on currency rates that tend to fluctuate also . Let us know if you agree with us or if you have something else to add , in the comments .
In Malaysia , Japan & Hong Kong , some Apple products can be bought at below US prices .
The numbers suggest that China is not the place to get Apple devices ( ironically the components are made there ) . The same can be said of New Zealand where prices are much higher than in the US , over 20 % extra .
You could save between $ 100 and $ 900 depending on where you get your device .
Prices in India are also on the high side because the products go through a reseller ; their AirPort might also be an older model .
Overall , the winner has to be Malaysia as it has the most number of Apple devices that are cheapest amongst the countries in Asia , including the latest 4th-gen iPad and iPad Mini .
Derek Jeter and Jeb Bush are heading a team that is pushing to buy the Miami Marlins from owner Jeffrey Loria , and it was reported yesterday that they won the auction to purchase the team . This is a huge step for the Marlins franchise . It means they are finally getting rid of Loria , and bringing in one of baseball 's legends .
Jeffrey Loria 's relationship with the Miami Marlins fanbase has been less than stellar over his years as owner . The one bright spot during his tenure was the Marlins improbable World Series victory over the Yankees in '03 . Since then they have n't sniffed the playoffs , and consistently carry one of the leagues the lowest payrolls . The Union even felt the need to step in , because they felt the Marlins were not using the money sharing revenue to build a winning team .
Luckily Jeb Bush and Derek Jeter are willing to bring together 1.3 billion dollars to take this franchise off Loria 's hands . Hopefully if the new ownership group is willing to shell out 1.3 billion to Loria then they wo n't mind sending some cash towards the players . With their lacking farm system the Marlins will most likely need to fill their needs through free agency , and frontline starters are not cheap .
The day the Marlins are sold out from underneath Loria and Samson , the state of Florida should declare a holiday . — Maury Brown ( @ BizballMaury ) April 25 , 2017
The Marlins have n't won in a long time . They have glaring needs in their rotation that need to be addressed before they can change that . They 'll also need a competent front office to get them those much-needed starters . The Marlins were one of the last teams to get an analytics department , and they seem to get the worst out every deal they make ( e.g . the entire 2012 roster ) . Hopefully through Jeter 's connections in the game they can set up a front office who knows what they 're doing .
Derek Jeter is one of the greatest winners of this generation . Not just in Baseball , but in all sports . In basketball you have Micheal Jordan , in football you have Tom Brady , and in baseball you have Derek Jeter . The Marlins are in desperate need of winning . When you have n't been to the playoffs in 14 years it can be tough to get fans out to the park , but the Miami fans have shown signs of life in the past . For instance in 2015 when the late Jose Fernandez took the mound they averaged an extra 4,942 fans per game .
The big difference between the days that Jose would start and every other day is that Marlins were actually likely to win . If Jeter can bring a winning atmosphere to Miami , then maybe the fans can actually start to come to the park , and if they could pull in an extra 4,942 fans every night that would be huge . An extra 4,942 fans per home game equates to an extra 400,302 fans per year . That extra 400,302 fans would bring the Marlins abysmal attendance of 1.7 million last year to 2.1 million . Still just below league average , but a big step to recouping a 1.3 billion dollar investment .
Miami has a long way to go before it becomes a respectable franchise , but the addition of Derek Jeter may just set them on the right course .
Sources :
Clarke , Charlie . “ Miami Marlins : Jose Fernandez 's Impact on Attendance. ” Marlin Maniac . FanSided , 10 Sept. 2015 . Web . 28 Apr . 2017 .
Desk , Post Sports . “ Derek Jeter , Jeb Bush Nearing Buying the Miami Marlins. ” New York Post . N.p. , 25 Apr . 2017 . Web . 28 Apr . 2017 .
“ Miami Marlins Attendance , Stadiums , and Park Factors. ” Baseball-Reference.com . N.p. , n.d . Web . 28 Apr . 2017 .
Press , Associated . “ Marlins Pay Heed , Will Increase Payroll. ” ESPN . ESPN Internet Ventures , 12 Jan. 2010 . Web . 28 Apr . 2017 .
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 - Melbourne , Australia YouTube
A cute mini protest for the March against Monsanto - Melbourne , Australia YouTube
March against Monsanto May 25 , 2013 , Sydney , Australia YouTube
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 - Whangerei , New Zealand YouTube
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 - Auckland City , New Zealand YouTube
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 - Tokyo , Japan YouTube
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 , South Africa - Cape Town NO GMO South Africa
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 , South Africa - Durban NO GMO South Africa
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 , South Africa - NO GMO South Africa
March against Monsanto , Plettenberg Bay , South Africa - May 25 , 2013 NO GMO South Africa
March against Monsanto , May 25 , 2013 , South Africa - Monsanto HQ , Fourways . NO GMO South Africa
Probably the first of the Marches against Monsanto happened in Australia , New Zealand and Japan.It looks like most in the southern zone had a rainy day , but the turnout was good despite the weather.The video above features singer Luke Wilton at the March Against Monsanto , Memorial Hall in Bellingen , NSW , Australia Hundreds gathered in Brisbane , Australia to protest against Monsanto . Melbourne saw a huge crowd out on the streets chanting , among other things , `` Save our Seeds ! '' and `` No to GMOs , Monsanto has to go '' with posters reading `` GM Free Zone . `` Melbourne also had a rather cute , mini protest going on the pavements : Sydney , Australia saw around 4,000 people demonstrating against Monsanto and `` its deceptive and misleading conduct in breach of the Trade Practices legislation . '' It is anticipated that some 16,000 people will attend any subsequent rally . All who were in attendance were chanting `` No to Monsanto '' and `` Monsanto leave Australia . '' Protesters agreed to boycott any foods which contain GMO . Whangarei , Northland , New Zealand got out on the streets to say No To Monsanto . It was raining quite heavily throughout the march , which was `` a testament to everyone 's resolve . '' Protesters met in Cameron St Mall and proceeded to the Northland Regional Council Building where they stood and chanted : `` What do we want ? '' `` GE Free '' When do we want it ? '' `` Now ! '' repeatedly.Also in New Zealand , Auckland City saw a protest with a small but noisy group of people singing what sounds like , `` Monsanto , you suck bro . '' Banners read `` The future is GE-Free '' and `` Save our Seeds . '' The weather was wet and rainy there too . Tokyo , Japan saw a noisy protest outside the Monsanto Japan headquarters on the day of March Against Monsanto . Looks like it was a fair sized crowd out there . South Africa saw a well-attended march through Cape Town protesting against Monsanto . Weather there was rather dull too , but there was a good turnout . The main message was for Monsanto to `` stop poisoning our Earth , people , seeds , future . '' `` No more GMO '' , `` No more Monsanto . `` Durban in South Africa saw a traditional Zulu turnout for the event : Plettenberg Bay in South Africa saw crowds turning out , a lot of them wearing red , protesting against Monsanto and telling the agro-giant to `` stop sowing seeds of suicide , '' referring particularly to the tens of thousands of Indian farmers who committed suicide when their GMO crops failed.Johannesburg saw a March Against Monsanto protest , right outside Monsanto HQ South Africa in Fourways.For more details and photos of the South African events , please visit NO GMO South Africa 's Facebook page .
Canadian astronomers have not only discovered that a world orbiting a star 111 light years away could be a `` super-Earth , '' they 've also discovered a new exoplanet in the same solar system .
The newly discovered world was found when a team of researchers , led by Ryan Cloutier , a PhD student at the University of Toronto 's department of astronomy and astrophysics , was analyzing data collected from the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) on the K2-18 star system which was found to have a planet — K2-18b — orbiting in 2005 .
The new data suggests K2-18b is either a large , rocky planet , like Earth , or one with mostly ice and water on its surface . It 's what astronomers call a `` super-Earth '' — a new but vaguely defined class of exoplanets whose size and mass are between those of Earth and Neptune , which is about four times larger than our planet .
`` These are actually the most common type of planet in the universe , '' Cloutier told CBC News . `` Things that are between the size of Earth and Neptune are more common than Earths and more common than Neptunes . ''
If these super-Earths orbit in the habitable zone — an area where liquid water can exist on the surface — they could be rocky worlds with oceans , and possibly life .
K2-18b 's orbit takes it around its red M-dwarf star ( one of the most common types of stars ) every 33 days , meaning it 's about 15 per cent the distance from its star as we are from the sun . It 's about 2.5 times bigger than Earth , but eight times more massive .
K2-18c — the newly discovered planet — has roughly the same size and mass . However , it orbits closer to its host star , about 60 per cent the distance of K2-18b . For that reason , it 's unlikely to be a potentially habitable world .
Uncovering the new world
One of the more common methods of finding exoplanets is by their transit . A space telescope , like Kepler , measures a star 's brightness . If it dims by a tiny fraction , that indicates that a planet has most likely crossed — or transited — between the star and the observer .
In the case of the ESO , the data was collected using the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher ( HARPS ) on a telescope in Chile . While studying a transit can reveal the existence and size of an exoplanet , studying the radial velocity — the tiny wobbles of the star — can shed light on its mass and , in turn , density .
Ryan Cloutier , a PhD student at the University of Toronto , who led the discovery of K2-18c . ( University of Toronto , Scarborough )
It was while studying those tiny movements of the star that something interesting was discovered : the star was n't wobbling as it should if there was just one planet . There was a indication in the data that arose every nine days .
`` So you go , what the heck 's that thing at nine days ? '' Cloutier said .
After eliminating other possibilities , such as activity on the star itself , it was clear there was another planet orbiting the star . Kepler was unable to spot it as it was on an inclined plane and did n't pass in front of the star .
It was an exciting discovery for Cloutier who said he had always hoped to discover an exoplanet .
`` The most thrilling part was that first hint that there might be something there , '' said Cloutier . `` That was more exciting than when it got confirmed . ''
Unravelling the mysteries
René Doyon , Cloutier 's co-supervisor and a co-author of the paper published Tuesday in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics said the next step will be to determine the atmosphere of K2-18b , since it 's the most promising candidate for sustaining life . And that will rely on the next generation of space telescope , the James Webb , set to launch in 2019 .
The planet `` is one of our prime targets for observation with the future James Webb Space Telescope , '' Doyon told CBC News . `` It 's in the habitable zone , so it 's very unique . ''
An artist 's impression of the James Webb Space Telescope , due to launch in 2019 . ( Northrop Grumman )
As part of the agreement for Canada 's contribution to the telescope , the instrument team is guaranteed 450 hours of observation time .
The Canadian-made Near-InfraRed Imager and Slitless Spectograph ( NIRISS ) is specifically designed to probe the atmospheres of exoplanets , and Doyon said that K2-18 is at the top of the list .
`` I ca n't wait , '' he said .
With the continual discovery of so many exoplanets , in particular those in habitable zones , Doyon said that he 's anticipating future discoveries of worlds that could one day be habitable .
And another instrument that will be contributing to the search will be the SpectroPolarimètre Infra-Rouge ( SPIRou ) instrument that will be installed at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope later this year .
`` It 's exciting times , '' he said . `` The next decade will be the golden age of exoplanets . ''
Boaters in Notre Dame Bay came upon a leatherback sea turtle tangled in lines at a mussel farm at Tea Arm near Pleasantview Sunday .
Blair Vincent said he had no idea what the creature was at first .
`` We just saw a big black object . It was massive . When we got close it became apparent this is a huge sea turtle we 're dealing with , '' Vincent said .
Steven Downer , who was also in the boat , said once the group got closer they noticed the turtle was in bad shape .
`` Both of its flippers were tangled , plus there was a rope around its neck , '' Downer said .
'Turtle heroes '
Vincent said it was clear to them the leatherback — an endangered species — could n't free itself .
He said they were concerned for the turtle and decided to try to cut it loose .
`` It was a little bit frantic , a little bit aggressive at first . It was kinda of flailing around quite a bit . But after we were working with it for a little while it seemed to settle down , '' Vincent said .
Their attempts were successful and the turtle eventually swam to freedom .
`` We 're turtle heroes . We are going to go out and free every turtle we can find , '' Downer laughed .
He estimated it took about five minutes to free the turtle .
It took just ten days for a Japanese tourist became obsessed with Saudi Arabia 's the Gulf states ' culture .
The man was so immersed that he has chosen to go out in the streets of Japan with the gulf traditional outfit .
Akira Takatoriya , which translates to Sun Moon in English , grew accustomed to sharing his pictures on Instagram and Twitter wearing the Saudi attire .
Many users on Twitter thought that Takatoriya was Chinese , so he started introducing himself as Japanese ; in his Twitter page he writes : “ Hello , although I may not look like it , but I am in fact Japanese , I will be sharing pictures and scenes from Japan and I will try my best to learn Arabic . ”
Takatoriya actually complained one time when he was boarding a plane that there was no Kabsa ( traditional Saudi rice dish ) on the menu , tweeting “ No Kabsa on the menu . ”
Takatoriya has a strong grasp of the Arabic langugage as evidenced by his bi-lingual tweets and social media posts . He has 26,000 followers on Twitter and 65,000 followers on Instagram .
* This article was originally published on AlArabiya.net .
Last Update : Wednesday , 19 October 2016 KSA 07:12 - GMT 04:12
Here are examples of five simple things I 've made to make my tournament and friendly games run more smoothly .
1 ) The FlyerSpotter™
One of the hardest things to do to both players satisfaction in 6th Edition is movement of Flyers . The rules for doing so are as optimistically precise as anything you can imagine when transferred to the real world of cluttered tabletops and textured surfaces . Pick a flyer up and then find it wo n't fit where you thought it would and you could struggle to find its original position and make an alternative move .
What I have done is very simple ; I have an extra base with a clear arrow to show direction , which I can measure 18-26″ from the real model 's base to check a landing zone . This is very simple , and a big step up from trying to mark the original location with dice or any of the other ad-hoc methods I 've seen .
2 ) BarrageTripod©
I consider this an extremely useful idea for anyone using multiple barrage weapons at tournaments . Scatter dice are funny things , and it is really hard to ever get two people to agree on the exact angle they indicate . If you think it 's bad with 1 scatter roll , try doing three , when your opponent really really does n't want you to be able to vaporise their most cherished favourite model they were up until 3am painting before the tournament .
Rolling near the target is great advice but only takes you so far , so what I have done is “ invented ” a little tripod ; by lucky coincidence the Large Blast is the same size as a CD , so if you take the clear transparent top from a spindle of blank CD/DVDs and cut it so that it has 3 legs , you can use this to place the original blast marker and then move it . This gets you maximum fair amount of casualties without simultaneously demolishing your Sports Score , because the clearer the result is to players the happier they both will be .
3 ) PodDenier ( tm )
This has a simple purpose – a template that shows the base size of a Drop Pod , so you can place it anywhere in your deployment zone as you set up and instantly see if you 've accidentally left enough room for the opponent to drop in where you do n't want them .
This can be done with a correctly sized piece of cardboard or plasticard . The one above is overly ornate for no reason apart from scoring HobbyPoints® , and shows the size of the less common but more dangerous Lucius Pod .
4 ) Model Spacers
This is the simplest of the tools – it measures a 2″ gap to speed up delpoyment or movement vs template armed adversaries . Some companies make tools like this , but this one I made to be pocketsized ( and therefore actually used ) , and the main commercial alternatives do n't have this one 's added bonus of also boosting sports scores by acting as a bottle opener .
5 ) A FlipFile
This is n't as imaginative as the above examples , but I think a FlipFile for FAQs , Crib sheets on other Codexes , your own army lists and plans ( if you pre-plan games ) is a definite must-have for the busy Tournament Gamer .
( As a bonus , you can see an example of my game plans from last year 's national masters . Which probably means I need to sort out my FlipFile ! )
I hope these ideas are helpful . The BarrageTripod and FlyerSpotter are the ones I would most strongly recommend to any players with applicable units .
Got any helpful accessories or ideas of your own ? Feel free to post them below .
Last fall , Rodney Smith Jr. saw an elderly man mowing grass in front of his home .
`` It looked like he was struggling , '' said Smith , a senior at Alabama A & M University . `` I was watching him and it just hit me .
`` I could do something about it . ''
Smith posted on Facebook , asking if any of his friends knew anyone who was elderly or disabled and needed their grass cut . He did n't have his own lawnmower , but he was willing to mow yards for free in his spare time between classes .
People gave him names of friends and folks they knew . He challenged himself to cut 40 lawns by winter . He searched Craigslist for a used lawnmower so he 'd be able to cut grass for people who did n't own mowers . He found one , and when he told the owner what he was doing , the man gave him the mower for free .
By October , Smith had reached his 40-lawn goal . A month later , he 'd cut 100 lawns . After WHNT News 19 gave him $ 319 as part of a `` pay it forward '' segment , Smith launched the `` Raising Men Lawn Care Service . ''
Part lawncare company and part youth program , the service now has about 20 young men , ages 7-17 , who cut lawns at no charge for the elderly , disabled , and for single mothers who do n't have the time or resources to keep their yards freshly manicured .
Two days ago , Smith posted a photo on Facebook of himself , his partner Terrence Stroy and a woman whose lawn they had just cut .
We did this sweet lady 's lawn today . She is 93 , the neighbors told us that she has been out their trying to cut her own lawn ... Posted by Rodney Smith Jr. on Saturday , April 23 , 2016
In less than a week it had been liked by more than a million people and been shared more than 200,000 times .
`` It just exploded , '' he said . `` I have so many messages I ca n't even get back to everybody . ''
'Everybody helps everybody '
Smith is from Bermuda , where `` everybody helps everybody if they can . '' He 's soft-spoken and unassuming . He sounds both excited about and wary of his overnight fame .
His father built houses for a living , and Smith thinks his father 's love of helping others rubbed off on him .
He came to the United States in 2009 and earned an associate 's degree from Drake State Technical College .
He graduates in May from Alabama A & M with a degree in computer science .
`` I want to go back and get my master 's in social work , '' he said . `` All of this has made me want to do social work . I love helping people . ''
Seven days a week , Smith is out cutting grass between classes . `` I 'll finish class , cut some grass , then go back to class . When I get out I cut some more grass . ''
His service receives recommendations through Facebook of people in the Huntsville area who need their lawn mowed . He and Stroy often post photos on the organization 's Facebook page of boys in their program , smiling with the person whose lawn they just mowed .
`` A lot of people , they ca n't afford it , '' he said . `` They 're on social security , barely making it , and they 're happy we can do this every two weeks for them . ''
That 's another thing . The lawn-mowing is n't just a one-time thing . The lawncare service visits its clients every two weeks to make sure their lawns stay tidy .
Smith said he 's seen clients cry tears of joy when they see their lawns . `` One lady had bone cancer and could n't afford to pay someone to cut her grass . So many people have fallen on hard times and it feels good to be able to help them . ''
About 20 boys , ages 7 to 17 participate in the program . Their parents or friends contact the service through Facebook , and Smith sends them the sign-up forms .
`` We get to know them and have a good time , '' said Smith . He and Stroy take them on outings and work with them on developing self-esteem , a strong work ethic and high moral standards . The boys cut grass , rake and bag leaves , and use weed eaters and trimmers .
They start out with white shirts , almost like a karate belt system . Once they 've cut 10 lawns they get an orange shirt . Then a green shirt , blue and finally a black shirt once they 've cut 50 lawns .
Sometime around the fifth lawn , he said , they start to understand the importance of what they 're doing . They 'll often ask when they get to go out to mow lawns again .
Smith 's goal is to show them the importance of team work and camaraderie , and building leadership and listening skills .
Going global
The Raising Men Lawncare Service got another social media bump after lawn mower manufacturer Briggs and Stratton created a video about the program as part of its You.Powered . campaign .
Rodney 's Story We can all be powerful . See how Rodney powers his community by lending a helping hand to elderly folks , people with disabilities and single moms . # YouPowered Posted by Briggs & Stratton on Saturday , April 16 , 2016
Smith started a GoFundMe site to raise money for purchasing and maintaining lawn equipment , and buying t-shirts , refreshments and program materials .
Smith has been contacted by people from all over the country and the world - including Canada and Saudi Arabia - who want to open chapters of the Raising Men Lawncare Service . Smith hopes to use some of the funds to help the organization expand . He wants it to become a `` global '' movement .
With graduation looming and a full-fledged charity in motion , Smith just chuckled when asked if he had any free time .
`` Some , '' he said . `` Mostly I go to school , work , sleep , wake up and do it all over again . ''
Â As GIFSEP takes awareness campaign to Abuja schools
Chikodi Ozulumba in Lagos and Adedayo Akinwale in Abuja
Renowned environmentalist , Desmond Majekodunmi , has encouraged greater collaborations with entertainment icons in the society in calling attention to tree planting and reforestation .
He demonstrated this during a Climate Change carnival at the Oriental Hotel , Lagos , recently , where he delivered a keynote address , by inviting the Hip-hop artiste , TuFace ‘ Tu Baba ' Idibia and veteran actor , Patrick Doyle , on stage to collaborate with him in the Climate Change awareness campaign .
According to Majekodunmi , the forest , which he calls “ the lungs of the earth , â€ are the major buffers that can prevent â€œcatastrophic climate changeâ€
He added that this is being driven by anthropogenic global warming through massive pollution of the earthâ€™s atmosphere by greenhouse gases which a consensus of scientists estimate are in the region of over one million tonnes daily .
â€œAs the oceans rise and rainfall increases , we need to urgently adapt to more severe floods and gully erosion while also taking extreme measures to halt desert encroachment which is driving terrorism and food scarcity , â€ Majekodunmi said .
He , however , expressed deep disappointment that previously , the ecology fund had not been deployed judiciously for conservation , but was hopeful that this would no longer be the case .
The event was organised by Sen. Florence Ita Giwa , who used her award-winning carnival band , the Seagull Band , to highlight in an artistic way , the dangers of climate change and the importance of forest cover in tackling it .
â€ŽMeanwhile , the Global Initiative for Food , Security and Ecosystem Preservation ( GIFSEP ) has embarked on public awareness campaign in Secondary Schools within the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) and environs in a bid to address the effects of climate change in Nigeria .
Its Executive Director , Mr. David Mike Ter , after meeting with some Senior Secondary Teachers in Abuja told journalists that the campaign was aimed at ensuring the adoption of environmental management principles in at least 60 schools and carry out practical activities in at least 10 select secondary schools in the FCT .
He explained that the project which has received the approval of FCT Secondary School Board as well as FCT Department of Science and Technology , has a specific goal , which is to establish and strengthen Environmental ( Eco ) Clubs .
â€ŽAccording to him , â€œthe knowledge of climate education would create opportunities for young people to learn more about climate change and the various ways to adapt to any environmental and natural situation.â€
Terâ€Ž stated : â€œThere is therefore a need to develop strategies for involvement and active participation of students to become ardent stewards of the environment and build their capacity to address the challenge of climate change.â€
He said the project was conceived to encourage and demonstrate the essence of collective measures to address climate change primarily by building skills of students in renewable energy , and promoting environmental stewardship through behavioural change .
â€œAlready , GIFSEP has received a grant from the GEF Small Grant Programme implemented by the United Nations Development programme.â€Ž The grant would be utilised for the purpose it is meant for ; to build the capacity of students to address climate change in schools within the FCT and its environs , ” Ter added .
The Executive Director said some of the project activities include : Train the Trainer Sensitisation Workshop on Climate Change/environmental stewardship for all Government schools in FCT Abuja ; the establishment of waste management and composting structures in ten schools as well as hands-on activity on the design and installation of solar and renewable systems by the students in select schools amongst others .
Meanwhile , Mr. Jigah Timothy , who spoke on behalf of the teachers , commended GEF for the small grant programme and GIFSEP for the choice of FCT schools , while pledging their support for their success of the project .
Man charged over Kapunda triple murder
Updated
South Australian police have charged an 18-year-old man with the murders of a Kapunda couple and their 16-year-old daughter last week .
Locals had been traumatised by the killings of Andrew , Rose and Chantelle Rowe , who were repeatedly stabbed in their Harriet Street home .
A large crowd gathered outside the Kapunda police station once news spread that a man had been arrested .
Although police held a press conference , they did not release details of how they came to arrest the man .
Police will not publicly identify him , but it is believed the man was known to Chantelle Rowe and played on a local basketball team .
He will appear in the Elizabeth Magistrates Court today .
Police have thanked the community for assisting the investigation .
One local says she is worried there could be a backlash against the family of the accused .
The Rowe family had moved to the house just months ago from another property in Kapunda , which is 76 kilometres from Adelaide .
Police revealed on Monday they had obtained a DNA profile of an unknown man from the crime scene .
They were also looking for the owner of a white Toyota Landcruiser tray top seen outside the home .
The Rowes ' son , Christopher , was holidaying on the Gold Coast when told of the deaths . He is being comforted by family and friends .
The back gate of the family 's property has become a small shrine of flowers , tribute messages and teddy bears .
Topics : murder-and-manslaughter , law-crime-and-justice , crime , kapunda-5373 , australia , sa
First posted
All online tourists are welcome : Google has launched a virtual tour of the island prison where Nelson Mandela was held for 18 years .
As part of Google 's tour of Robben Island prison colony off the coast of Cape Town , online visitors can roam the cells and explore guard towers from a computer or smartphone , Mashable reports .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Robben Island , which has served over time as a leper colony , a mental hospital , and a maximum security prison built to hold civil dissidents like Mandela , is now a United Nations World Heritage site . Mandela spent 18 years there for opposing Apartheid .
Google also features historical exhibits like the theater where Abraham Lincoln was shot , Aushwitz concentration camp , and the site of the D-Day invasion of Normandy .
[ Mashable ]
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Less than two weeks after a driver in Charlottesville , Virginia slammed into a crowd of counter-protesters demonstrating against a rally held by white nationalists , killing a 32-year-old woman , on Wednesday night a driver in St. Louis was taken into custody after hitting three protesters who blocked traffic during a march for a transgender woman shot and killed by police a day earlier , local media reported .
According to Reuters , the unidentified driver of a black Mercedes was taken into custody for felony fleeing , a block away from where a man and two women suffered minor injuries after they were hit by his car , said Schron Jackson , a spokeswoman for the St. Louis Police Department .
Pix from car that drove through protesters , car stopped was surrounded , then drove through , one person ended up on hood , only minor injuries pic.twitter.com/EYNxSJARoF — David Carson ( @ PDPJ ) August 24 , 2017
The injured people in St. Louis were taking part in a candlelight march for Kenny `` Kiwi '' Herring , a black transgender woman who was shot and killed by St. Louis police on Tuesday . Police said Herring attacked officers with a knife and that one officer was wounded , the St. Louis Post Dispatch reported .
As they marched in the intersection of Manchester Avenue and Sarah Street , a driver of a car approached , stopped and honked his horn as he tried to drive around the protesters , police said . `` The protesters surrounded the vehicle and began striking it with their hands and a flag pole . Several protesters also kicked and jumped on top of the vehicle , '' police said .
The injured people in St. Louis were taking part in a candlelight march for Kenny `` Kiwi '' Herring , a black transgender woman who was shot and killed by St. Louis police on Tuesday . Police said Herring attacked officers with a knife and that one officer was wounded , the St. Louis Post Dispatch reported .
I 'm so fucking disgusted . black lives matter . black trans lives matter . black TRANS WOMEN MATTER . # KiwiHerring # SayHerName pic.twitter.com/9Fp4jY5a3O — Fem 4 All ? ? ? ? ? ‍ ? ? ? ? ( @ projectFem4All ) August 24 , 2017
According to the police , as demonstrators marched in the intersection of Manchester Avenue and Sarah Street , a driver of a black Mercedes approached , stopped and honked his horn as he tried to drive around the protesters . `` The protesters surrounded the vehicle and began striking it with their hands and a flag pole . Several protesters also kicked and jumped on top of the vehicle , '' police said .
As the driver drove away , he hit three protesters who refused medical attention on the scene , police said . Police said officers attempted to stop driver of vehicle who initially refused to stop . The driver was subsequently taken into custody .
Founded in August 2013 as a “ transitional micro-housing ” pilot project , the self-governed , peer-supported Opportunity Village Eugene is home to 30 otherwise homeless individuals and couples . Each tiny unit—approximately 60 to 80 square feet in size—offers safety and privacy as well as computer and wi-fi access . Kitchens , gathering areas , restrooms , and laundry facilities are placed in communal areas . In place of rent , residents pay a $ 30 per month utility fee and community service hours .
Related : How Tiny House Villages Could Solve America 's Homeless Epidemic
Operating costs for the entire village average around $ 1,800 per month , but the inclusion of solar panels has the potential to reduce those bills further . In addition to energy independence , these solar chargers also have the benefit of teaching residents about renewable energy . The durable and lightweight chargers can be easily moved and examined by residents , who can position the panels to their liking . The 14-Watt and 20-Watt SunJack solar chargers weigh in at just 2 pounds and 2.7 pounds , respectively , and come with either one or two 8,000mAh lithium-polymer batteries .
+ SunJack
Images via SunJack
Huntington Bancshares is planning to increase its employment in Akron , the home of the former FirstMerit bank that it bought last year .
Huntington promises there will be 1,200 jobs in Akron by year end — about the same number that there were before Huntington announced plans in January 2016 to buy the bank for $ 3.4 billion .
It also said it will make Akron its regional headquarters .
`` It speaks to our investment in jobs and talent in all of our markets , Akron in particular , '' Huntington spokesman Brent Wilder said Monday .
Often in these kinds of acquisitions , the hometown of the company being acquired suffers job losses .
But from the moment Huntington announced that it was buying FirstMerit , Huntington said it was committed to keeping significant operations in the region .
Shortly after the merger closed a year ago , the bank cut 179 jobs in Akron . Since then , the bank has been adding jobs , although the mix has changed . Total employment is now above 1,100 .
Last week , the city of Akron and Huntington announced a preliminary deal to provide local tax incentives to the bank for maintaining a minimum of 1,200 workers through 2022 . Huntington says it expects to top that number .
Overall , the bank employed 16,300 as of the end of March . That 's more than the combined banks had at the time of the merger announcement .
`` From day one , the city of Akron provided a warm welcome to Huntington . We could n't succeed here without the community 's trust and support , and we 're proud to meet our commitment to grow jobs in Akron , '' said Steve Steinour , the bank 's president , chairman and CEO , in a statement .
JobsOhio , the state 's economic-development organization , has agreed to provide a $ 225,000 grant to Huntington to provide support for hiring and training new employees .
`` Huntington had many options on where to place a new regional headquarters , and Huntington chose Akron , '' said Valentina Isakina , JobsOhio 's managing director for financial services , in a statement . `` This commitment demonstrates the growing recognition of the talent quality in northeast Ohio . ''
Huntington has three buildings in downtown Akron
As part of the deal , the bank said it is investing more than $ 5 million in improvements to its three buildings downtown . The buildings house back-office and information-technology operations . Huntington also plans a long-term expansion of a call center .
In support of Huntington 's investment in buildings , the city is making improvement to an underground parking garage , including lighting and signs , and surface road improvements .
`` By growing jobs here , Huntington will support our citywide goals of increasing our population and ensuring robust employment opportunities for our residents , '' Akron Mayor Daniel Horrigan said .
mawilliams @ dispatch.com
@ BizMarkWilliams
Giant solar-powered bins that send emails installed in Islington
Cllr Claudia Webbe with one of Islington 's first Big Belly bins , installed at Nag 's Head as part of a pilot scheme - Jamie Smith JamieSmithPhoto.co.uk
Huge solar-powered bins which crush litter and email council staff when they are full are being piloted in Holloway .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The “ Big Belly ” units , which are also used in Times Square in New York , can hold eight times the amount of a normal bin and were installed in the Nag 's Head area earlier this month .
Under the pilot scheme 30 of the bins are being placed at busy recycling and litter hotspots in Islington , where street bins fill quickly , as part of Islington Council 's month-long borough-wide Clean-up Islington blitz on grime .
Cllr Claudia Webbe , Islington Council 's executive member for environment and transport , said : “ We 're committed to improving the environment for all who live , work and visit Islington .
“ These pioneering new solar powered Big Belly bins with their advanced compaction feature and ability to send signals back to the council when full , will help to tackle recycling and waste at the busiest hotspots in Islington .
“ We will carefully monitor this pilot scheme and see if ‘ Big Belly ' bins are a helpful addition to our work on recycling and waste . ”
The big clean up will next go to Finsbury Park before moving to Archway and then Cally Road .
I 've always found the attraction of sadomasochism a bit of a puzzler . I understand its theatrical appeal—the Catwoman dominatrix outfit , the dripping dungeon , the nifty props ( whips , candles , cat-o'-nine-tails ) —but , from the perspective of the submissive , all that kneeling , groveling , and ee-owing under the booted heels of Mistress Sybil sounds exhausting . Not for me , thanks . But at least consensual S & M is a private arrangement with an agreed-upon safe word to bring a halt to the action , should it get too hairy . Far more mystifying are the open-ended , plain-view degradations in which pride and morale are squeezed in a vise and the only opt-out words are “ I quit. ” Future psycho-historians and political head-scratchers will ponder the phenomenon—the pathology—of how and why so many men and women of semi-upstanding reputations and plump résumés allowed themselves to be coarsened and humiliated by Donald Trump , getting nothing in return but grief , ridicule , and possible indictment . “ They sacrificed themselves for this guy ? ” will be the haunting cry . New Jersey governor and failed presidential contender Chris Christie , a plus-size bully at his Tony Soprano worst , fetched McDonald 's meals for Trump and was treated as a flunky at a Trump rally , with the candidate curtly telling him to vacate the stage ( “ Get in the plane and go home ” ) , and did n't even get rewarded with a Cabinet position for his valet service . Former New York City mayor and failed presidential contender Rudolph Giuliani , who has been wearing 9/11 as his Superman emblem for longer than is decent , debased himself by defending Trump 's “ Grab ‘ em by the pussy ” statement on the talk-show rounds , yet he too was left standing at the altar . Jilted , the two of them may have lucked out , however , having been spared the captivity and turmoil of those who did make the cut . Consider the tormented souls working inside the Trump White House , especially those in the press office tasked with putting the best face on an administration which each day grows more gargoyle . Perhaps a few of them will squeeze a memoir out of their Marat/Sade experiences , but that is a large price to pay for the loss of your soul , a dank spot in history , and becoming a national laughingstock . There must be nights when Sean Spicer springs awake covered with fear sweat like Frank Sinatra in The Manchurian Candidate , wondering how this all happened .
Before Spicer signed on as Trump 's designated patsy , a position more formally known as White House press secretary , he had served his nation during the Bush II presidency as the Easter Bunny for the annual egg roll , and his party as communications director of the Republican National Committee . He was no Trumpian true believer during the nomination campaign . While at the R.N.C. , Spicer criticized Trump 's stereotyping of Mexican-Americans and the sneers at John McCain 's military record . But something about the cut of his jib or the bite of his bark must have appealed to Trump . Picking up his cues from his boss , Spicer came charging out of the gate in his first press briefing , lambasting the media for underestimating the turnout for Trump 's inauguration , an insult to Trump 's size-queen pride . Spicer 's overture statement was a farrago of false assertions , misleading stats , and embattled attitude , putting those Beltway press-corps punks on notice that there was a new sheriff in town . It was no way to start a presidential honeymoon , but this testy belligerence was presumably what Trump wanted , and in the early press conferences Spicer maintained the brusque , patronizing , staccato Psycho Dad demeanor , giving the impression of a basement boiler about to blow . He also made stupendous gaffes , such as criticizing Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad by claiming that even Adolf Hitler did n't “ sink ” to “ using chemical weapons , ” the gas chambers apparently having slipped his mind , and referring to the Nazi concentration camps as “ Holocaust centers , ” making one wonder about the quality of the history taught at Naval War College , where he got a master 's degree . Video : The Voice of the White House Capitalizing on Spicer 's anger-management agonistes and blunder bursts , Saturday Night Live geniusly cast comic wrecking ball Melissa McCarthy as Spicer , each press briefing descending into slapstick chaos as she deployed the lectern as a battering ram . It became as instantly defining a shtick as Chevy Chase 's pratfalls as President Ford back in the Iron Age of S.N.L. , and Spicer himself contributed to his madcap mad-dog caricature when he was spotted hiding in the bushes from reporters after the firing of F.B.I . director James Comey , which was later clarified as not hiding in the bushes but among the bushes , which did nothing to dispel the GIFs of Homer Simpson back-fading into the hedges . After initially praising Spicer for bringing in boffo ratings , a consideration past press secretaries never had to factor into their performance reviews , Trump began to grumble and carp , practicing that time-honored art of blame shifting , as if the P.R . problem were with those delivering the president 's message rather than with the beautiful agenda he 's laid out on the banquet table . Bottom line , Spicer lost the confidence of the president , and , lo , the leaks began that Spicer 's role might be reduced , a replacement might be wafting in from the wings ( Fox News 's Kimberly Guilfoyle flaunted her name for consideration ) , or , perhaps , an understudy could be promoted to the starring role ( Sarah Huckabee Sanders , whose sound bites are finger-lickin ' good ) . . . the classic Washington drip-drip-drip ritual of public emasculation .
Imagine the treadmill of Sean Spicer 's day . He plays flak catcher at the press briefings , trying to bluff a roomful of scoffing , skeptical faces that the ship of state is sailing regally across the ocean blue ; gets yelled at by Trump for sundry inadequacies ; checks out the newsfeeds to see that his position is dangling from a key chain ; and the next day has to craft a response for some tweet Trump unleashed at five A.M. that contradicts what he assured the press the day before . . . an ever spinning wheel of misfortune . It could be worse . President Richard Nixon was caught by a CBS News camera at a New Orleans event spinning Press Secretary Ron Ziegler around and shoving him—a mortifying episode , though Nixon later apologized . President Harry Truman 's press secretary Charlie Ross died of a heart attack and was replaced by Joseph H. Short Jr. , a notorious hothead , who also died of a heart ailment . “ I feel as if I killed them , ” Truman lamented . James Brady , Ronald Reagan 's press secretary , almost made the ultimate sacrifice as well , taking a bullet during the assassination attempt on Reagan 's life in front of the Washington Hilton Hotel on March 30 , 1981 . The shot left Brady paralyzed . If the worst Spicer and his successors have to wrestle with is job insecurity , they will have gotten off easy . It would not doubt suit President Trump just dandy to be able to do away with the press office altogether and conduct his business unsupervised and unobserved , much as he did his real-estate and casino dealings , exercising executive privilege long before attaining the chief-executive spot . No more daily press briefings , no more traveling reporters dogging his trail , as few press conferences as possible—just let Sean Hannity give him an on-air shoeshine now and then . Trump 's secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , whose permanent scowl makes plant life wither , has already constructed an exclusionary zone around himself , behaving less like the country 's top diplomat than an autocrat answerable to no one . He ditched the media for his important Asian swing in March to Japan , China , and South Korea , and stiffed them again for a news conference he held in Riyadh during Trump 's Mideast visit . And , lest we forget , NBC and MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell was hustled out of the room when she dared lob a question during Tillerson 's photo op with Ukrainian foreign minister Pavlo Klimkin , a fine way to treat the First Lady of the American Theater .
The military promises to feed you , and they do so primarily by using three separate methods : chow or mess halls , basic allowance for subsistence , and meals-ready-to-eat .
If you are enlisted and reside in the dormitory or barracks , in most cases , you will be given your meals for free . Different services have different names for this . In the Air Force , it 's called being on a Meal Card ( although physical cards are rarely used anymore ) .
Most chow halls offer four meals per day : breakfast , lunch , dinner , and a midnight meal . Some are open 24 hours a day .
For the health conscious , there is a heart-healthy menu , as well as a salad bar . For breakfast , you can choose anything between a small fruit cup to a full-fledged made-to-order omelet with all the side dishes . Take-out cartons are freely available in many chow halls . Some military dining facilities even have drive-through windows .
In recent years , the military has been trying to reduce the number of chow halls at its facilities , as the size of the Armed Services has shrunk . And the menus are becoming more and more healthy , which may deter some younger troops from partaking , especially if inexpensive fast food is readily available nearby .
KP Duty in the Military
Other than a few exceptions at some military training centers , boot camp , while embarked on a vessel , while deployed , etc. , kitchen patrol , or KP , duty is a thing of the past . Most military dining facilities are contracted operations , so troops are n't assigned to KP .
Although there are procedures to be reimbursed for missed meals , they are paperwork intensive and usually require justifications and explanations to the first sergeant and or the commander .
Enlisted and officers receive full-rate BAS after initial entry training . However , for those required to consume meals in the dining facilities , most of the BAS is automatically deducted from their paychecks .
Basic Allowance for Subsistence ( BAS )
For officers and enlisted people who do not reside in the dormitories , the military pays a monetary allowance for food . BAS is an allowance , not pay . It is not taxable . Officers are paid less BAS than enlisted personnel .
The allowance is not designed or paid to provide any subsistence to family members . It is solely for the subsistence of the military member .
It used to be that when an enlisted member deployed , and they received BAS , they would lose the BAS during the time of deployment ( because they received `` free meals '' at the deployment location Chow Hall ) . However , responding to complaints of many service members following the first Gulf War , Congress passed a law requiring the military to continue to pay BAS to deployed members , if the member received BAS at their permanent duty station .
Enlisted members who receive BAS are usually authorized to eat in the dining facility ( they have to pay for the meal ) , but the number of meals they are allowed is restricted . Officers may only eat in the enlisted mess for special purposes , requiring special permission ( for example , a commander checking on the quality of meals ) .
Military Meals Ready to Eat ( MRE )
No article on military food would be complete without mentioning MREs . These have replaced the old C-rations and field rations . MREs are sealed , foil envelopes and can be heated or eaten cold .
The packet contains an entree , a side dish , crackers and cheese spread , a dessert item , cocoa powder , and a few other misc . snack items . There are several choices of entrees .
Every couple of years the Department of Defense surveys military members to find out which MREs were popular and which were not . Unpopular menu items are taken out of service , and new menu items are introduced all the time .
Hundreds of people gathered at London 's South Bank today dressed in differing hues of dressing gown and carrying towels to mark the resurrection of a fondly remembered sci-fi classic .
They were celebrating the 30th anniversary of the first book in Douglas Adams 's Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy comic series and the publication today of And Another Thing … , written by Eoin Colfer , the novelist chosen by Adams 's estate to ensure the return of bemused Earthling hero Arthur Dent and others thought to have been wiped out in the fifth book of the series written by Adams before he died from a heart attack in 2001 .
By agreeing to the task , Colfer , whose own Artemis Fowl series has already outsold the Adams favourites , 18m copies to 16m , is helping to cement a publishing trend set by Sebastian Faulks 's officially approved 2008 James Bond revival , Devil May Care .
Dent 's dressing-gown garb , and towels as carried by Ford Prefect , the alien who first saves him when Earth is about to be obliterated to make way for a hyperspace highway , have become totemic symbols of a multimedia brand that began life as a radio series in 1978 and spawned TV , cinematic , comic and computer adaptations .
Others on display at a fans ' convention at the Royal Festival Hall included a spacesuit worn by a Vogon , the bureaucratic species with the most aggression and worst poetry in the universe , and glasses in which to serve pan galactic gargle blasters , along with Adams 's bath , in which the author claimed to have had some of his best ideas .
The new book begins with an old favourite , two-headed Zaphod Beeblebrox , trying to save Dent and Prefect from oblivion in a London club but all seems doomed until a previously minor character from the Hitchhiker canon , the Infinitely Prolonged Wowbagger , a grumpy immortal alien out to insult everyone in the universe , comes to their aid .
Colfer , who described his previous work as `` traditional fantasy adventure with a touch of James Bond and a lot of Inspector Clouseau '' , said his new offering was a labour of love . Initially he had been doubtful about the project , but those who approached him `` said it would be a nice way to bring a new generation of people to the original books '' . What would Adams think of the new book ? `` I would hope he had a little giggle and would enjoy the respectful but not slavish way I have entered his universe … I do n't think he would be disgusted . ''
Adams 's agent , Ed Victor , said his widow Jane and daughter Polly had `` loved every word '' of the Artemis Fowl books , adding : `` He has kind of channelled Douglas in a way . I feel 100 % sure Douglas would have loved this book . ''
Meanwhile , at the convention , fans spoke of their love of Adams 's work . `` I always wanted to be Ford Prefect when I grew up , '' said Victoria Peterson , 35 , a computer programmer from Cambridge who looked nothing like screen portrayals of the guide 's researcher from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse .
`` I read the books when I was about 14 and carted them around like they were relics . '' And , she pointed out , the eccentric electronic guide that gave the series its name bore more than a passing resemblance to her iPhone .
Phillipe Bosher , 16 , from Egham , Surrey , said : `` A couple of years ago my grandad got me into it . I could n't stop reading it and then he bought me the radio programmes . It is funny , it is clever , It really gets the grey matter going . '' He was already a fan of Colfer 's books , and had so far read half of And Another Thing ... `` He has managed to capture the sense of the radio series which , in my mind , is the best version. ``
John Coxon , a student and secretary of fan group ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha , said he had read previews of Colfer 's addition and thought it was `` certainly as good as the later books Adams wrote '' , while Niall `` Bresy '' Breslin , leader and songwriter of Irish band The Blizzards , whose new CD single celebrates the new novel , remembered how `` our English teacher used to read Hitchhikers to us when we were 12 or 13 . I do n't think any us got it but … it was the fact it was not something like a Charles Dickens novel , it was cool . I read it again when I was 18 or 19 and loved it . '' The tribute single was `` a three-minute pop track '' rather than `` something Pink Floydy '' or about spaceships .
As of 1 September 2017 , new car models will have to pass new and more reliable emissions tests in real driving conditions ( `` Real Driving Emissions '' – RDE ) as well as an improved laboratory test ( `` World Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedure '' – WLTP ) before they can be driven on European roads .
The Vice-President for Jobs , Growth , Investment and Competitiveness , Jyrki Katainen said : `` The new emissions tests are a milestone in our ongoing work for cleaner and more sustainable cars over the coming years . But more remains to be done . The emissions scandal has shown that we need more independence in car testing , stronger market surveillance and the possibility for the Commission to intervene in case of wrongdoing . The Commission presented a proposal in January 2016 to achieve just that . It has been on the table since and it is high time that the European Parliament and Council adopt it . And we need to decisively pursue EU-wide efforts to foster low emissions mobility . ''
Commissioner Elżbieta Bieńkowska , responsible for Internal Market , Industry , Entrepreneurship and SMEs , added : `` A quick shift to zero emissions vehicles is in all our interest given the public health and environmental risks at stake . And it 's crucial for the car industry if it wants to remain internationally competitive . But for the time being , diesel cars remain part of our lives and we must rebuild confidence in this technology . That is why having new and more reliable tests for new cars is essential . And for cars already on the road , Member States must do their job , enforce the law and take additional steps , together with all stakeholders , to bring down emissions of the existing fleet . ''
The new emissions tests will ensure more reliable results and help to rebuild confidence in the performance of new cars . The tests represent one of several important steps in the Commission 's work for a clean , sustainable and competitive car industry :
More robust and accurate emissions tests : NOx and particulate emissions , which are a major cause of air pollution , will be measured more reliably in real driving conditions ( RDE test ) . This test will complement a new , more realistic laboratory test procedure ( WLTP test ) for all emissions including CO2 and fuel consumption as well as NOx and other air pollutants . Both tests will become mandatory from September 2017 for all new car models and will be phased in for all new cars between 2018-2019 ( for details see MEMO/17/2821 ) .
NOx and particulate emissions , which are a major cause of air pollution , will be measured more reliably in real driving conditions ( RDE test ) . This test will complement a new , more realistic laboratory test procedure ( WLTP test ) for all emissions including CO2 and fuel consumption as well as NOx and other air pollutants . Both tests will become mandatory from September 2017 for all new car models and will be phased in for all new cars between 2018-2019 ( for details see MEMO/17/2821 ) . Full overhaul of the type approval system : Once adopted , theCommission 's proposal for a Regulation of January 2016 will ensure greater quality and independence of vehicle testing , more surveillance of cars already in circulation , and introduce EU oversight into the system .
Once adopted , theCommission 's proposal for a Regulation of January 2016 will ensure greater quality and independence of vehicle testing , more surveillance of cars already in circulation , and introduce EU oversight into the system . Air quality standards : Member States have to comply with EU limit values for a number of pollutants , including NO 2 , and establish air quality plans for the zones or agglomerations where these limit values are exceeded .
Member States have to comply with EU limit values for a number of pollutants , including NO and establish air quality plans for the zones or agglomerations where these limit values are exceeded . Low emissions mobility : The European Strategy for low-emission mobility aims at increasing the efficiency of the transport system ; speeding up the deployment of low-emission alternative energy for transport , and moving towards zero-emission vehicles . This focuses on a range of low-emissions alternative energy options for passenger cars and buses , as well as an emphasis on electrification in rail transport and biofuels in aviation , lorries and coaches . The Commission also plans to adopt an Action Plan for Alternative Fuels Infrastructure to enhance the broadest use of alternative fuels in Europe by November 2017 .
In parallel , the Commission is closely following Member States ' efforts regarding polluting cars already in circulation .
Following the revelations in September 2015 that the Volkswagen Group used defeat device software to circumvent emissions standards for certain air pollutants , the Commission invited all Member States , as the responsible authorities for market surveillance and enforcement of the type-approval legislation , to carry out the necessary investigations into the real emission levels of vehicles on their territory , and to ensure compliance with EU law . The Commission has supported their work by developing a common testing methodology to screen for defeat devices altering the results of laboratory tests and ensure consistency of results of national investigations . It has published guidance to help Member States ' authorities assess whether a car manufacturer is using defeat devices or other strategies that lead to higher vehicle emissions outside of the test cycle and analyse whether they are technically justified .
The Commission opened infringement procedures against eight Member States for breaching EU type approval legislation in December 2016 and May 2017 . It continues to monitor whether EU law in this area is being correctly enforced by Member States .
The Commission also ensures that competition rules are respected and will continue to do so , in addition to ensuring that consumers are treated fairly .
The Commission is also working to ensure the application of EU air quality rules . In this regard , it has launched infringement procedures against 16 Member States in breach of ambient NO 2 limit values .
Further information
MEMO/17/2821 : EU action to curb air pollution by cars
Stockshots
RDE acts :
Press release on the type approval proposal
Proposal for a Regulation on the approval and market surveillance of motor vehicles
Commission communication `` Europe on the Move ''
STANFORD , Calif. – Stanford announced Tuesday its upcoming football series with San Diego State .
Stanford will play at San Diego State on Sept. 16 , 2017 , with the Aztecs scheduled to visit Stanford Stadium on Sept. 1 , 2018 .
Start times will be determined on a future date .
The Cardinal is 3-1 all-time against San Diego State . The two programs played a four-game series from 1985-88 , with Stanford claiming wins in the latest three meetings .
Stanford finished the 2014 season with a 45-21 victory against Maryland in the Foster Farms Bowl , and posted an 8-5 record while playing in its school-record sixth consecutive bowl game . Stanford is 54-13 since 2010 , and one of five Power 5 schools with 11 or more wins in four of the last five seasons .
Stanford 's 2015 season begins Sept. 5 at Northwestern , with its home opener slated for Sept. 12 against UCF at Stanford Stadium .
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - A man once believed to be one of Sweden 's worst serial killers was freed by court order on Wednesday after spending two decades confined in a mental institution after a string of false murder confessions .
In a series of trials between 1994 and 2001 , Sture Bergwall was convicted of eight murders , despite there being no forensic evidence or witness statements , and confessed to many more .
But Bergwall , 63 , later recanted his confessions , saying he made them to get attention and drugs , and prosecutors dropped the final murder charge in July last year .
“ He has been detained for 20 years in a locked psychiatric clinic . It is a miscarriage of justice , ” his lawyer Thomas Olsson told Reuters .
Bergwall had been kept at the mental institution until now , waiting for a verdict on whether his mental health was good enough to let him out .
The case has gripped Sweden for years . The government launched a commission of inquiry last November looking into possible shortfalls in the legal system that may have resulted in Bergwall 's convictions .
Bergwall and his lawyer will now start looking at whether to seek damages , Olsson said .
FBI Unveils Anti-Terrorist Edutainment Program For Schools
from the FBI : -'You-cut-the-strings.-We'll-reattach-them-later ! ' dept
The FBI wants to deputize the nation 's schools into its anti-terrorism posse . At this point , it 's unclear whether the program will escalate to the elaborate Rube Goldberg machinations the FBI currently employs to generate terrorism suspects ( putting the `` rube '' back in `` Rube Goldberg machinations '' ) , but for now , it appears to be `` edutainment '' that applies a ridiculous metaphor with blunt force precision .
The program , according to those who saw it at F.B.I . headquarters , called “ Do n't Be a Puppet , ” leads the viewer through a series of games and tips intended to teach how to identify someone who may be falling prey to radical extremists . With each successful answer , scissors cut a puppet 's string , until the puppet is free .
The F.B.I . had told the community organizations that the program would be available online as soon as Monday . The organizations ' leaders spoke to a reporter only after learning that the F.B.I . was likely to proceed despite their concern that the program would stigmatize Arab and Muslim students , who are already susceptible to bullying .
“ Teachers in classrooms should not become an extension of law enforcement , ” said Arjun S. Sethi , an adjunct professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center . Mr. Sethi , who specializes in counterterrorism and law enforcement , was invited by the F.B.I . to give feedback on the program .
“ The program is based on flawed theories of radicalization , namely that individuals radicalize in the exact same way and it 's entirely discernible , ” he said . “ But it 's not , and the F.B.I . is basically asking teachers and students to suss these things out . ”
[ Hoda Hawa , policy director for the Muslim Public Affairs Council ] and others interviewed were particularly troubled by a question that she said asked the user to identify which of four or five posts on social media should raise alarm . Among the choices were a person posting about a plan to attend a political event , or someone with an Arabic name posting about going on “ a mission ” overseas . The correct answer was the posting with the Arabic name .
Facing criticism , the FBI has decided to delay the release of “ Do n't Be a Puppet , ” an interactive program aiming to help teachers and students identify young people who show signs of flirting with radicalism and violent extremism .
The program was scheduled for release Monday .
RIP , Global Terrorism . The FBI is dismantling the forces of evil with the power of multiple choice quizzes . And it 's doing so without listening to the concerns of the inadvertent stakeholders.BUT , BUT ... INTERACTIVE LEARNING ! Games and tips and string-cutting ! How could thisbe a good idea ? Maybe because it would simply encourage the sort of racial/religious profiling the DOJ heads off at local law enforcement agencies with consent decrees and many FBI agents themselves find mostly useless The `` blowback '' from groups the FBI consulted with pre-release did little to deter its plans to co-opt educational institutions into its puppet-making plans . It was n't until the New York Times reported on the program 's release that the FBI finally experienced developer 's remorse . As Homeland Security Newswire reports , the FBI has now decided to hold off on the release of the controversial program The FBI does n't appear to be nearly as concerned about the potential damage it might be doing to several million American citizens of foreign descent as it is about being perceived negatively by major media players . I guess that 's something , but the run-up to the ( now delayed ) release suggests the only reason the agency `` accepts '' feedback from affected groups is to check that box off the project management checklist .
Filed Under : anti-terrorism , edutainment , fbi , propaganda
Perhaps no project promises to be as simultaneously anticipated and weird as Showtime 's 2017 Twin Peaks reboot . Mark Frost and David Lynch 's original series was a two-season conundrum—both for the characters trying to figure out who murdered Laura Palmer ( Sheryl Lee ) and audiences , who were tasked with puzzling their way through her bizarre hometown and all its eccentric inhabitants along the way . And based on the full cast list , announced Monday , it seems there 's plenty more puzzling to come in the new installment , as the list runs deep not only with returning actors , but also with plenty of intriguing newcomers .
Showtime 's revival season will star 217 cast members , and has completed filming , Deadline reports . On top of a large group of returning actors , the new season is welcoming many new faces to Twin Peaks . There are some Hollywood types , including Amanda Seyfried , Naomi Watts , Jennifer Jason Leigh , and Ashley Judd , along with some quirkier choices , including Michael Cera and Laura Dern , whose facial expressions are by far the most underrated highlight of Jurassic Park and promise to bring every Twin Peaks scene she graces to the next level . Josh McDermitt , whom you might know as Eugene from The Walking Dead , also made the list , as did a couple musicians you might know : Eddie Vedder and Trent Reznor .
On the returning-cast side , we of course have Kyle MacLachlan , who has been confirmed for some time , along with most of the town 's most important players : Sheryl Lee , who played not only Laura Palmer but also her cousin Maddy ; Ray Wise and Grace Zabriskie , who played Laura 's parents ; Mädchen Amick and Dana Ashbrook , who played Shelly Johnson and Bobby Briggs ; Sherilyn Fenn , who played Audrey Horne ; Peggy Lipton and Everett McGill , who played Norma Jennings and Ed Hurley ; and James Marshall , who played James Hurley . David Duchovny will also return as Denise Bryson—which makes us wonder how well that transgender character will hold up—and , of course , in addition to returning as director , David Lynch will reprise his role as F.B.I . Regional Bureau Chief Gordon Cole . Catherine E. Coulson , who played the show 's psychic log lady , also made the list , confirming rumors that she 'd managed to film some scenes before she died last year . Tragically , Lara Flynn Boyle is nowhere to be found .
As hard as it is to imagine Twin Peaks without Boyle 's Donna Hayward , with a cast this huge and across-the-map , we feel confident guessing that at the very least , things are going to be just as bonkers as ever .
The zero-G lifestyle does funny things to our bodily fluids . That 's the conclusion of one recent study , which may have found a reason for a common space travelers ' malady . The researchers presented their results [ PDF ] at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America .
If we 're going to start sending humans to Mars and other distant destinations , we 're going to need to know if we can survive the trip . So astronauts are an incredible scientific resource , not only for what they do while in space , but also for what they experience . Living in orbit can shrink astronauts ' hearts and stretch their spines . It can also damage their ability to see : Numerous travelers who left Earth with 20/20 vision have returned to find they need glasses just to read or drive .
`` People initially did n't know what to make of it , and by 2010 there was growing concern as it became apparent that some of the astronauts had severe structural changes that were not fully reversible upon return to earth , ” lead author Noam Alperin of the University of Miami said in a statement .
Scientists call the phenomenon visual impairment intracranial pressure , or VIIP . The name is slightly misleading in its certainty . Researchers think the eye problems are the result of increased pressure inside astronauts ' heads , but they have n't really been sure .
Alperin and his colleagues wondered if the problem might not be liquid—cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) , to be precise . CSF is a crucial component of healthy brain and body function . It surrounds our brains and spinal cords and acts kind of like amniotic fluid in the womb , ensuring a flow of nutrients and removing waste . CSF is also somewhat adaptable and responds to changes in the position and angle of your body and head . It 's a good system , and it works .
At least where there 's gravity . The research team scanned the brains and eyeballs of seven different astronauts both before and after long stints aboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) . They compared those scans with results from another nine astronauts who had only been on the ISS briefly .
There could be no doubt about it—longer stays in space were messing with the astronauts ' eyes . Their eyes were more flattened ; their optic nerves showed more swelling ; and , most interestingly , they had higher volumes of CSF in their eye sockets and in the CSF-producing part of the brain . The higher the CSF volume , the more trouble an astronaut had seeing .
`` The research provides , for the first time , quantitative evidence obtained from short- and long-duration astronauts pointing to the primary and direct role of the CSF in the globe deformations seen in astronauts with visual impairment syndrome , '' Alperin said .
Identifying the source of the problem is the first step to correcting it . Alperin and NASA are now working to simulate the conditions that cause VIIP so they can figure out how to protect astronauts ' eyes in the future .
It 's one of the most anticipated films of the year and this weekend we 'll find out if the build up for The Lego Movie has been worth it .
The film based on the popular construction toy tells the story of Emmet , an ordinary Lego minifigure who joins a epic quest to stop an evil tyrant after being mistaken for the most extraordinary person in Legoland .
It features a stellar cast including Will Ferrell , Chris Pratt , Morgan Freeman , Jonah Hill , Cobie Smulder , Liam Neeson and Nick Offerman .
However , it 's not the first time that Lego has been used to make movies . Fans have been making brickfilms for years , recreating their favourite film scenes and trailers using the construction toy .
Here are 10 of the best Lego film tributes and trailers .
Inception
This Lego trailer for Christopher Nolan 's Inception was made using stop-motion animation and took months to complete .
Monty Python and the Holy Grail
This short-film recreates the famous Camelot song and dance routine from the Pythons ' popular film .
The Star Wars trilogy
This brickfilm tell the story of the original Star Wars trilogy in just over two minutes .
The Matrix
This recreation of the bullet dodge scene from The Matrix took 440 hours to create .
The Hobbit
The escape from Goblin Town scene from The Hobbit took five and a half months and over 1,500 hours to create .
Crocodile Dundee
This famous scene from the 1986 film was made for the brickfilmers 2008 movie montage .
Shaun of the Dead
This brickfilm is a shot for shot recreation of the trailer for the horror comedy film .
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark
Probably the most famous scene from the Indiana Jones trilogy , this temple escape stop-motion includes over 500 different still images .
Blade Runner
This tears in the rain scene from Ridley Scott 's sci-fi classic was made for a brick in Motion film montage .
Napoleon Dynamite
This brickfilm recreates the famous bike scene from this popular indie flick .
And finally ...
For those of you who ca n't wait to see the new Lego Movie , watch the trailer below .
The Lego Movie hits cinemas on Friday , February 14 .
The present study investigated the relationship between running economy ( RE ) at 15 km/h ( -1 ) , 3.000-m race time , maximal strength , and a number of physiological , anthropometrical , and mechanical variables . The variables measured included RE , maximal oxygen consumption , heart rate , step length and frequency , contact time , and the peak horizontal and vertical forces of each step . Maximal strength was measured as the 1 repetition maximum ( 1RM ) half-squat using a leg press machine . Eleven male elite endurance athletes with a V ( O2 ) max of 75.8 ± 6.2 mL/kg ( -1 ) /min ( -1 ) participated in this study . After the anthropometric data were collected , they were tested for RE , running characteristics , and force measures on a level treadmill at 15 km/h ( -1 ) . The athletes wore contact soles , and the treadmill was placed on a force platform . Maximal oxygen consumption and 1RM were tested after the RE measurements . The sum of horizontal and vertical peak forces revealed a significant inverse correlation ( p < 0.05 ) both with 3,000-m performance ( R = 0.71 ) and RE ( R = 0.66 ) . Inverse correlations were also found ( p < 0.05 ) between RE and body height ( R = 0.61 ) and between RE and body fat percentage ( R = 0.62 ) . In conclusion , the sum of horizontal and vertical peak forces was found to be negatively correlated to running economy and 3,000-m running performance , indicating that avoiding vertical movements and high horizontal braking force is crucial for a positive development of RE .
Yemen 's President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi Mansour addresses the 70th Session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York on September 29 , 2015 . ( AFP/Jewel Samad )
The Yemeni government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi has decided to sever diplomatic relations with Iran , Reuters quoted a report on state-owned Aden television as saying Friday .
Hadi 's internationally recognized government is supported by Saudi Arabia , and a Saudi-led Arab coalition intervened in a war between forces loyal to Hadi and Houthi rebels , Shiites backed by Iran , in March .
Bahrain also recalled its ambassador from Iran on Thursday .
On Wednesday , forces of the Saudi-led coalition stopped an Iranian boat carrying weapons allegedly destined for the Houthis as it made its way to Yemen .
According to Reuters , as part of its campaign to defeat the Houthis and restore Hadi 's control , Saudi-led naval forces have imposed a near-blockade in the waters near Yemen , to prevent weapons from reaching the rebels . The stringent checks result in long delays and mandatory searches for shippers in the region .
Meanwhile , the United Nations said Friday that more than 500 children have been killed in the conflict in Yemen , while some 1.7 million youths are at risk of malnutrition .
According to the UN , at least 2,355 civilians have been killed in Yemen 's conflict since late March , and another 4,862 injured . Another 1.4 million people have meanwhile been forced to flee their homes .
A European-backed resolution calling for a UN investigation into rights abuses committed during the conflict was withdrawn this week due to pressure from Saudi Arabia .
The Dutch-drafted UN rights council proposal had called for a full inquiry into violations in Yemen since September 2014 .
Saudi Arabia , which was totally opposed to such a probe , introduced its own watered-down proposal on Yemen , which instead supported a domestic probe .
After securing the support of the US and Britain , the Saudi resolution was adopted by the UN 's top rights body on Friday by consensus .
New analysis of the most famous Martian meteorite ever recovered has changed our understanding of the early volcanic history and evolution of the Red Planet . The findings continue an ongoing debate as to whether insights into the planet 's ancient volcanism can be used to make the case for a habitable , oxygen-rich ancient Martian atmosphere .
The meteorite Northwest Africa ( NWA ) 7034 , known more commonly as Black Beauty , was discovered in the Moroccan Sahara desert back in 2011 .
“ We knew right away it was special . It was different from anything we had ever seen , ” says Dr. Francis McCubbin , from the Institute of Meteoritics at the University of New Mexico , whose team helped identify the meteorite as Martian in origin .
Black Beauty 's unique appearance , with large clasts sitting in a fine grained matrix , is thought to result from its formation from impact or pyroclastic volcanism debris that later cemented back together , forming what 's known as a breccia .
These fragments were shown by Kevin Cannon at Brown University in 2015 to include 4.4 billion-year-old chunks of Martian crust — the only examples of the Red Planet 's original bedrock ever to make it to Earth .
In a new paper published in the Journal of Geophysical Research Planets , McCubbin 's team presents the results of a new rigorous analysis of the meteorite and its clasts .
Geochemistry and geochronology assessments were carried out with the hope of finding out more about early sedimentary processes on Mars and even whether the planet was once a warm , wet place , habitable for life .
“ This is the most comprehensive study so far of a meteorite that probably tells us more about Mars ' history than every other Martian meteorite put together , ” says Cannon , who was n't involved in this latest study .
However , McCubbin 's team 's hopes of drawing conclusions about ancient Martian surface processes were dented by the heating that accompanied the formation of the breccia around 1.5 billion years ago .
“ This event erased a lot of evidence of previous history , limiting what we could learn , ” McCubbin says .
“ It 's actually an important lesson for future Mars missions — to avoid recovering samples with these complex thermal histories . ”
Whilst clues to early sedimentary process were limited , their analysis did reveal new details of the planet 's volcanic history .
This history was recorded in the form of volcanic clasts which had previously been identified as alkali basalt lavas .
In their new paper , McCubbin 's team described these clasts as the earliest evidence of so-called oxidized volcanism on the Red Planet , where lavas form from oxidized upper crustal rock .
The beginnings of oxidized volcanism on Mars and its implications for the planet 's early surface conditions have been a matter of debate in recent years .
In 2013 , Dr. Bernard Wood and colleagues at Oxford University looked at the Mars Spirit Rover 's analysis of surface volcanic rocks dating back 3.7 billion years and showed they came from a more oxygen-rich environment than the younger volcanic rocks present in more common classes of Martian meteorite .
They suggested this was probably caused by recycling of oxygen-rich materials from the surface into the interior and inferred the Martian surface and atmosphere were also ‘ oxidized ' at this point in Mars history , 1.5 billion years before Earth 's own atmosphere became ‘ oxygen rich . '
However , at the time , McCubbin disputed the atmospheric interpretation of the data , stating Wood 's team 's analysis only showed the upper mantle was more oxidized than the deep interior , a state of affairs which does n't necessarily require any surface oxygen gas .
Whatever Wood 's findings implications for the early Martian atmosphere , McCubbin 's latest paper pushes back the date for early oxidized volcanism on Mars by more than half a billion years .
The key piece of evidence came from a zircon grain found within one of the oxidized basalt clasts .
Zircon is a valuable tool for geologists as it readily incorporates radioactive uranium atoms which decay at constant rate , allowing it , and the oxidized basalt clasts around it to be dated to 4.4 billion years old .
“ We have dated the oldest example of oxidized alkali basalt , which pushes the onset of oxidized volcanism on Mars to very early , ” says McCubbin .
“ Whilst question remain as to what oxidation levels of volcanism can say about atmospheric conditions , there are also questions to be answered about the origin of oxidized alkali volcanism in the first place , ” says Cannon .
“ The alkali-rich volcanism described in the paper is similar to that which continues to form the Hawaiian island chain , however we believe Mars never had true plate tectonics like on Earth . So exactly why this type of volcanism took place is a mystery . ”
And even if surface oxygen is still in doubt , the presence of a gradient of oxidation within the layers of the Martian crust and mantle could still provide hope for ancient life .
Back in 2015 , McCubbin told the BBC : “ substantial redox gradients with depth on Mars… could be potentially very important for Mars ' habitability because some organisms can take advantage of redox reactions and use them as an energy/food source . ”
Regardless of its surface 's suitability for life , we can at least say that within its ancient crust potentially habitable conditions existed even earlier in Mars ' history , giving any possible life half a billion more years to emerge and possibly evolve .
_____
Francis M. McCubbin et al . Geologic history of Martian regolith breccia Northwest Africa 7034 : Evidence for hydrothermal activity and lithologic diversity in the Martian crust . Journal of Geophysical Research Planets , published online October 18 , 2016 ; doi : 10.1002/2016JE005143
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Phil Nevin nearly left the Giants on his own terms this offseason .
Instead , San Francisco 's third base coach has been fired , the latest casualty of a coaching staff shakeup that has already claimed pitching coach Dave Righetti , bullpen coach Mark Gardner and assistant hitting coach Steve Decker .
Nevin 's firing was first reported by Bob Nightengale of USA Today , and Nightengale mentioned that Nevin was nearly hired away from the Giants by the Phillies who interviewed him as a managerial candidate .
Phil Nevin , who fell just short on landing the # Phillies managerial job , now is out of a job completely . He has been let go by the # SFGiants — Bob Nightengale ( @ BNightengale ) October 25 , 2017
Nightengale also reported that the Giants will reassign Hensley Meulens and Ron Wotus , with Meulens shifting from hitting coach to bench coach and Wotus moving from bench coach to the third base coach 's role to replace Nevin .
Certainly , Bam Bam Meulens now is being groomed to become the next # SFGiants manager when Bruce Bochy steps down in a couple of years . — Bob Nightengale ( @ BNightengale ) October 25 , 2017
Nightengale 's report that the Giants are grooming Meulens to take over for manager Bruce Bochy comes a season after Meulens managed the Netherlands in the World Baseball Classic and received positive reviews for his work .
A bruised cheek . A broken bone . Verbal battering . A window shattered in an effort to intimidate . The rate of such violence or abuse between husband and wife – or any two intimate partners – has been on the wane in America , falling by a stunning 64 percent between 1994 and 2010 .
That finding , from a recent report by the US Department of Justice on intimate partner violence ( IPV ) , parallels the overall drop in violent crime during that period . Many in the field cite a broad shift in attitudes that began in the 1980s and '90s , crediting public awareness campaigns , national legislation protecting victims , and subsequent training of police and prosecutors to recognize intimate partner violence as a crime , rather than as a private matter .
“ There has been an enormous shift in public awareness about domestic violence – the message [ to victims ] being you are not alone and you can report what is happening to you to law enforcement , ” says law professor Suzanne Goldberg , director of Columbia University 's Center for Gender and Sexuality Law . The message to perpetrators , meanwhile , is that violence against an intimate partner “ is not a badge of manhood , ” she adds .
But even as they celebrate the progress , most analysts warn that more needs to be done to prevent such abuse , which encompasses recurring verbal , physical , psychological , and sexual mistreatment between partners of all ages and sexual orientations . Not enough analysis has been done to know the precise cause of the decrease , says Janet Lauritsen , professor of criminology and criminal justice at the University of Missouri - St. Louis . Moreover , IPV rates have been stabilizing since 2001 , a sign that it 's not time to rest easy .
A breakout law ?
When Joan Meier , professor of clinical law at George Washington University , looks at the data , she ca n't help but notice a certain time stamp : 1994 . That 's the year the United States passed the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) , legislation that is now up for renewal in Congress .
“ I 'm willing to speculate [ that ] VAWA had a direct impact '' on reducing intimate partner violence , says Ms. Meier , who also directs the university 's Domestic Violence Legal Empowerment and Appeals Project . “ Because of VAWA it became more widely understood that this violence is a crime and is unacceptable . ”
VAWA funds police IPV sensitivity trainings , as well as legal services such as issuing restraining orders and representing victims . Perhaps more important , some say , VAWA provided momentum for states to adopt mandatory arrest laws governing cases in which police suspect domestic violence , based upon evidence and probable cause . These laws now exist in 22 states and the District of Columbia .
Others , though , are not so sure about mandatory arrest laws . They say the laws may cause victims of intimate partner violence to be reluctant to report the abuse , perhaps because the victim or the abuser is in the US illegally or because they do not want to see their partner go to jail , despite the risks at home .
There 's also mounting evidence that the risk of domestic violence is reduced in communities where per-capita levels of police and social services are relatively high , whether or not those places have mandatory arrest laws , according to a November 2012 study in the journal Criminology . As cities and states confront budget pressures amid a lackluster economy , cuts to police departments and social services could result in more IPV victims , some say .
Unseen progress
What some perceive as a constant drumbeat of progress on domestic violence is not so apparent , however , to those working up close and personal to help victims .
“ When you 're in the trenches , you do n't necessarily see this difference '' first hand , says George Washington University 's Meier , who describes the decline in intimate partner violence as surprising but `` fantastic news . ''
At the shelter Casa Myrna , in Boston , Toni Jones agrees . `` What I see again and again is not enough space for women and children fleeing violence , ” says Ms. Jones , program services manager at the emergency shelter for single women and families who face immediate threats of danger . Demand for emergency shelter often outstrips the 10 beds available , she says . Casa Myrna tries to link women in need , sometimes from neighboring states , with open beds across Massachusetts .
It 's normal for those working directly with victims to see something slightly different from what statistics reveal , says Shannan Catalano , who wrote the Justice Department report .
“ [ T ] he local level does n't necessarily reflect what we see at the national level , ” she says . For example , if a shelter 's 100 beds are always full , there is no visible decrease in victimization . But “ the number is declining , '' says Ms. Catalano . `` It 's just not dipping below the number of beds available . ”
The report , moreover , takes into account IPV incidents not reported to police – cases shelter workers may not be aware of . Between 2006 and 2010 , nearly 46 percent of cases of intimate partner violence were not reported , it found . Of those unreported cases , most victims did not seek help because they feared retaliation or did n't want the offenders to get in trouble .
The Justice Department report uses data from the National Crime Victimization Survey , which is conducted via in-person interviews , twice a year , over as many as three years . Because the survey is done by household , the data do not include individuals who are homeless or who live in mental institutions or military barracks . The survey has been ongoing since 1973 .
An undercount ?
The Justice Department report may undercount victims of intimate partner violence , primarily because its data do not include the homeless , says Callie Rennison , a victimologist and associate professor at the University of Colorado Denver . Independent research , discussed at a Dart Center workshop on Intimate Partner Violence in 2011 , suggests that in American cities between 20 and 40 percent of homeless parents reported having left their home because of violent disputes .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
This does n't delegitimize the view of progress , says Ms. Rennison , “ but what we 're seeing could be a consistent underestimate of how many people have been victims of domestic violence .... We still have a lot of work to do . ”
Whitney Eulich attended a 2011 Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma 's reporting workshop on intimate partner violence . A version of this article first appeared on the Dart Center website .
PIXABAY , MSQRD2
Treatment with tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , to activate ingredient in marijuana , can restore cognition in old mice and induce molecular changes that make them more similar to young animals , scientists reported today ( May 8 ) in Nature Medicine .
Previous studies have reported that as humans age , the brain 's endogenous cannabinoid system begins to decline . “ What [ the researchers ] found here was that when we give THC , it improves these effects—which is , in my view , of major importance , ” said Raphael Mechoulam , a professor at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem who was not involved this work . “ I think [ the study ] is well done . I hope it will be repeated in other animals , and ultimately in humans . ”
To assess the effects of THC on cognition , researchers at the University of Bonn in Germany and the Hebrew University administered a chronic dose of THC ( 3 milligrams per kilogram ) through an implanted minipump for 28 days to mice aged two months ( young ) , 12 months ( mature ) , and 18 months ( old ) .
The team conducted three standard tests for cognition ( the Morris water maze test , which assesses spatial memory , an object recognition test , and a partner recognition test ) and discovered that THC treatment abolished the performance deficits found in mature and old mice that did not receive the drug .
“ The dose was so low that we did n't detect any psychoactive effects , but it was high enough to restore the activity [ to levels ] that we normally see in younger mice , ” said coauthor Andreas Zimmer , a professor at the University of Bonn . “ And the effect of this was very striking , absolutely striking—a mouse that 's 18 months old shows massive signs of cognitive decline , [ but ] we could n't tell the difference to young animals . ”
In the young mice , however , the treatment had the opposite effect—THC actually impaired their performance .
The behavioral alterations were mirrored by gene expression changes in the hippocampus around four weeks after the treatment cessation . “ It seems that the young brain becomes old and the old brain becomes young , ” coauthor Andras Bilkei-Gorzo of the Institute of Molecular Psychiatry at the University of Bonn in Germany told The Scientist . “ At first sight it was totally illogical , but I realized when we gave the same drug to a young [ animal ] , it overdrives the cannabinoid system—it 's [ non-typical ] hyperactivity and they have to bear the consequences . [ But ] in the old , the same treatment normalizes pathological low activity . ”
“ It 's a consistent story that makes an incremental growth over the data that 's already out there , ” Gary Wenk , a professor at Ohio State University who was not involved in the study , told The Scientist . “ It 's a very small addition , in my opinion . . . but that does n't mean it is n't a good study , and I believe it 's done well. ” In a 2008 paper , Wenk and colleagues reported that WIN-55212-2 , an analog of THC , improved memory and reduced the number of activated microglia ( a key mediator of neuroinflammation ) in old rats .
While a number of previous studies have linked cannabinoids with anti-inflammatory effects , Bilkei-Gorzo said that his team did not find significant changes in inflammation in their experiments . Instead , they found that the effects of THC are primarily mediated by epigenetic changes . When the team blocked histone modification with anacardic acid ( a histone acetyltransferase inhibitor ) , the effects of THC on behavior and gene expression disappeared .
“ In brain aging , THC treatment definitely decreases neuroinflammation , but again I do not think this is the major effect , at least in our study , ” said Bilkei-Gorzo .
According to Chuanhai Cao , a professor at the University of South Florida who was not involved in the work , one of the major limitations of this study is that the dose of THC the researchers administered was , contrary to the authors ' claims , very high . “ In other publications , most people claim that low dose is around 0.2 mg or lower , at least 10-fold lower than the dose they are using. ” Cao told The Scientist . A high-dose , long-term treatment with THC can alter levels of endogenous cannabinoids and surprise the immune system , he added .
How the effects of THC will translate to humans remains an open question . “ Our main goal is to see whether THC administration to older humans improves cognitive functions , ” said Zimmer . “ This is something we 're planning to do , and we actually have secured the resources that are necessary to do this . ”
A. Bilkei-Gorzo et al. , “ A chronic low dose of ? 9-tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) restores cognitive function in old mice , ” Nature Medicine , doi:10.1038/nm.4311 , 2017 .
EVE players are not , habitually , compassionate people . Whilst they might display a great deal of generosity to confused newbies ( something I knew from begging in fleet ) , the majority will not blink twice at scamming , freighter ganking and frankly uncivilised amounts of gate-camping .
And that is fine – EVE is a sandbox , designed to be an anarcho-capitalist paradise . I 'm not going to come in as some sort of shrill and outraged moral guardian .
However , there do come certain events which , for want of a better phrase , outrage the conscience of mankind . One such event was the Yokai Federation leadership demanding players , often very new to the game , spend $ 100 in order to play . This brought public condemnation on Reddit from all sources , and further , a robust military response from a coalition of players .
There was another similar event in June 2017 , where scottmw15 enslaved about 30 newbies in a work camp deep in Russian territory – they were forced to rat and mine , and unable to escape , they either quit the game or worked on in misery . Only the coincidental intervention of a Goonswarm spy , and the subsequent commitment of an expeditionary force , saw these players freed .
We do n't hear about them because the victims are predominantly new players
I am willing to bet that abuses like this happen every day in New Eden . We do n't hear about them because the victims are predominantly new players . They do n't understand that these actions are beyond the pale – and if they do , they do n't necessarily understand how to seek help and escape to a friendlier corporation .
One example of this in action is the membership rates of the aforementioned Yokai Federation , with approximately 98 % of players ceasing to play EVE after a time spent in it . The abusive policies carried out by Sara Somers , head of the Yokai Federation , drove players away from the game and made them less likely to engage with the wider community .
So , to review : EVE players can be dicks far beyond accepted norms , with negative effects to both players and the game as a whole . When the community finds out about this , they do act – but it is unlikely that they always find out about it .
The question now is simple . What can be done about this situation ?
Three Fundamental Freedoms
I think that the most effective way to prevent this sort of genuinely abusive and poisonous behaviour is that players accept and enforce a basic code of ethics . The goal would be that if someone were to be found in breach of this code , then they are so effectively harassed , engaged and degraded that they cease said activity .
Setting rules in EVE is a very difficult proposition
Setting rules in EVE is a very difficult proposition . The easy solution , for one thing , of porting over a modern code of human rights , would be totally nonviable . Moreover , there are great deals of things in EVE which are certainly legitimate gameplay – such as suicide ganking , scamming and mass theft – which is not pleasant , but not fundamentally abusive in character .
Therefore , I would propose three fundamental freedoms to be accepted by capsuleers . These would be :
Freedom from servitude
Freedom of speech
Freedom of property
Freedom from servitude
This is not some sort of ban on CTAs and coalition wide operations . It is designed to ensure that the players like scottmw15 can not exploit other players by placing them in an inescapable situation and then making them work .
Freedom of speech
This is not some sort of ban on forum moderation . Nor should it be taken as an endorsement or incitement to hate speech . However , when alliances and corporations start massively censoring communications , compiling long lists of people players are not allowed to talk to and generally suppressing freedom of speech , action can be taken .
Freedom of property
EVE is fundamentally a capitalist game . Players are free to volunteer their resources to a cooperative endeavour , but they should not be ordered or compelled to do so in any capacity . This involves either in-game assets or money outside of game .
These three freedoms are targeted to prevent outright abusive and definitely repressive behaviour without comprising the anarchic character of EVE . You will note that I do n't call for defences of high-sec miners , mission-runners or couriers . Their destruction is part of the game , and when undocking , they consent to potential death . This is of a different character to behaviour involving luring new players into poisonous and oppressive situations .
So , to review : we should protect newbies and other players who ca n't protect themselves . When doing this , we can stop or impede legitimate gameplay . Therefore , we should have three fundamental freedoms , as listed above .
Enforcement ?
So , even in the unlikely event that people agreed to this in principle , how would we enforce it ? Well , there are two levels at which I think enforcement could be organised .
The first would simply be a group of diplomats from major coalitions in order to coordinate operations . When a spy , journalist or scout spots a rights abuse , they confirm it and decide on how to respond – ranging from warning people about the corporation or individual up to dropping capital fleets on them .
The second level would be more complicated , and effectively demand an alliance of its own . It might be comprised of an enforcement unit , which undertakes direct military action ( therefore relieving major coalitions of having to do this ) and a resettlement unit which can ensure rescued players are able to find a safe home .
Realism ?
This is ambitious – I make no excuses about that . However , I think that it is doable . EVE players have come together before to do immense good in the real world , donating over £500,000 to charity . I do n't think it is impossible for the community to come together in the name of protecting those exploited .
Interesting read ? Please consider supporting CZ via our Patreon .
This is a list of qualifications that potential candidates must possess in order to stand for election as president of a country .
Afghanistan [ edit ]
Article 62 of the Constitution of Afghanistan of 2004 states that a candidate for the office of President : [ 1 ]
be a Muslim citizen of Afghanistan , born of Afghan parents ;
not be a citizen of another country ;
be at least forty years old when declaring candidacy ;
not have been convicted of crimes against humanity , a criminal act or deprived of civil rights by court ;
not have previously served more than two terms as President .
filled only with ethnic Pashtuns .
Albania [ edit ]
The 1998 Constitution , Article 86 , Section 2 `` Only an Albanian citizen by birth who has been a resident in Albania for not less than the past 10 years and who has reached the age of 40 may be elected President. `` [ 2 ]
Algeria [ edit ]
Article 73 , section 1 of the Constitution , 1996 , provides that `` To be eligible to the Presidency of the Republic , the candidate should : have , solely , the Algerian nationality by origin ; be a Muslim ; be more than forty ( 40 ) years-old the day of the election ; enjoy full civil and political rights ; prove the Algerian nationality of the spouse ; ( if born before July 1942 ) justify his participation in the 1st of November 1954 Revolution ; and if born after July 1942 , `` justify the non-involvement of the parents of the candidate in actions hostile to the 1st of November 1954 Revolution '' ; submit a public declaration of his personal and real estate existing either within Algeria or abroad . Section 2 provides that `` Other conditions are prescribed by the law . '' [ 3 ]
Angola [ edit ]
Article 58 of the 1992 Constitution provides that `` Natural born [ citation needed ] Angolan citizens of over 35 years of age and enjoying full civil and political rights shall be eligible to the post of President of the Republic . '' must be an African by origin , ethnic background and must also have a solid educational background and possess the proper documentation
Argentina [ edit ]
Article 89 of the Argentine Constitution provides that `` To be elected President or Vice-President of the Nation it is necessary to have been born in the Argentine territory , or to be the son of a native born citizen if born in a foreign country ; and to have the other qualifications required to be elected senator . Section 55 requires that to be elected Senator , one must `` have attained to the age of 30 years '' ; `` been six years a citizen of the Nation '' and `` have an annual income of two thousand strong pesos or similar revenues '' . [ 4 ]
Armenia [ edit ]
Article 50 of the 1995 Constitution : `` Every person having attained the age of thirty five , having been a citizen of the Republic of Armenia for the preceding ten years , having permanently resided in the Republic for the preceding ten years , and having the right to vote is eligible for the Presidency . `` [ 5 ]
Austria [ edit ]
Article 60 , section ( 3 ) of the 1983 Constitution provides : `` Only a person who has House of Representatives franchise and was thirty five years old before the first of January of the year in which the election is held can be elected Federal President . `` [ 6 ] Members of reigning houses or of formerly regnant families were excluded from eligibility until 2011 .
Azerbaijan [ edit ]
Article 100 of the Constitution states that one must be no younger than 35 , a permanent resident of Azerbaijan for 10 years , possess the right to vote , have not been convicted of a crime , hold no liabilities in other states , hold a university degree , and not have dual citizenship in order to become president . [ 7 ]
Bangladesh [ edit ]
Article 48 , section 4 of the Constitution provides three factors which disqualify one for the presidency : being less than 35 years old , not being qualified to be elected to parliament , and having previously been impeached under the current Constitution . [ 8 ]
Article 66 of the constitution provides factors which disqualify one from being elected to Parliament : having been declared by a competent court to be of unsound mind ; being an undischarged insolvent ; acquires the citizenship of , or affirms or acknowledges allegiance to , a foreign state ; has been , on conviction for a criminal offence involving moral turpitude , sentenced to imprisonment for a term of not less than two years , unless a period of five years has elapsed since his release ; has been convicted of any offence under the Bangladesh Collaborators ( Special Tribunals ) Order , 1972 ; holds any office of profit in the service of the Republic other than an office which is declared by law not to be disqualified its holder ; or is disqualified for such election by or under any law . [ 8 ]
Belarus [ edit ]
The qualifications for election to parliament are that one be a citizen and be at least 25 years old ( which is superseded by the presidential requirement of 35 years ) . Further , one can be states that any citizen of Belarus who is 35 years old , eligible to vote , and has resided in Belarus for 10 years may be elected president . [ 9 ]
Brazil [ edit ]
Article 14 , Section III ( 3 ) of the Constitution requires a candidate to be : [ 10 ]
Born in Brazil , or a native citizen .
Eligible to vote .
Registered to vote .
Living in electoral district .
Member of a political party .
Minimum age of 35
Colombia [ edit ]
Article 191 of the Colombian Constitution requires that to be president one must be Colombian by birth ( `` colombiano por nacimiento '' ) , have full citizenship ( `` ciudadano en ejercicio '' ) and older than 30 . ( `` mayor de treinta años '' ) . [ 11 ]
Czech Republic [ edit ]
A candidate for an election must be a citizen , has attained the age of 40 years and has active right to vote . [ 12 ]
Estonia [ edit ]
An Estonian citizen by birth who has attained forty years of age may be nominated as a candidate for President of the Republic . A person who is serving as President of the Republic for a second consecutive term shall not be nominated as a candidate for President of the Republic . A person in active service in the Defence Forces shall not be nominated as a candidate for President of the Republic . [ 13 ]
France [ edit ]
The required personal qualifications for a candidate for the presidential elections are the same as those for any other official election , as set forth in the French Electoral code ( Code électoral ) . A candidate for an election must be a French citizen , have attained the age of 18 years , be qualified to vote , not be ineligible by reason of criminal conviction or judicial decision , and have a bank account .
Law No . 62-1292 of 6 November 1962 on the election of the President by universal suffrage ( Loi n°62-1292 du 6 novembre 1962 relative à l'élection du Président de la République au suffrage universel ) further requires presidential candidates to be nominated by at least five hundred qualified elected officials , such as members of Parliament and mayors .
In 1974 , the French Electoral code was modified ( Code électoral ) to decrease to 18 years the minimum age of a candidate , which had previously been 21 . [ 14 ]
Germany [ edit ]
Article 54 , section 1 , of the German constitution states that `` Any German who is entitled to vote in Bundestag elections and has attained the age of forty may be elected '' . [ 15 ] Article 116 , section 1 , defines `` German '' as `` a person who possesses German citizenship or who has been admitted to the territory of the German Reich within the boundaries of December 31 , 1937 as a refugee or expellee of German ethnic origin or as the spouse or descendant of such person . '' [ 16 ]
Iceland [ edit ]
Articles 4 and 5 of the constitution set the following qualifications for holding the presidency :
meet the qualifications specified for parliamentarians
be at least 35 years old
have at least 1,500 commendations
India [ edit ]
Article 58 of the Constitution sets the principle qualifications one must meet to be eligible to the office of the President . A President must be : .
a citizen of India .
of 35 years of age or above
qualified to become a member of the Lok Sabha
A person shall not be eligible for election as President if he holds any office of profit under the Government of India or the Government of any State or under any local or other authority subject to the control of any of the said Governments . Certain office-holders , however , are permitted to stand as Presidential candidates . These are :
The current Vice President .
The Governor of any State .
A Minister of the Union or of any State ( Including Prime Minister and Chief Ministers ) .
In the event that the Vice President , a State Governor or a Minister is elected President , they are considered to have vacated their previous office on the date they begin serving as President . [ 17 ]
Macedonia [ edit ]
The Constitution of Macedonia requires that the president must be a citizen of the Republic of Macedonia , be over 40 years of age and have lived in Macedonia for at least ten of the previous fifteen years . [ 18 ]
Mexico [ edit ]
The constitution of Mexico requires the candidate to be natural-born citizen [ citation needed ] of Mexico with at least one parent who is a natural-born citizen of Mexico . The person should be at least 35 years of age and should have resided in Mexico for at least 20 years in his entire lifetime and for the entire year before the election . The person should not be a secretary or under-secretary of state , attorney general , or governor of a state at least 6 months prior to the election .
Philippines [ edit ]
Article VII , Section 2 of the 1987 Constitution provides that no person may be elected President unless he or she is a natural-born citizen of the Philippines , a registered voter , able to read and write , at least 40 years of age on the day of the election , and a resident of the Philippines for at least 10 years immediately preceding such election . [ 19 ] The President of the Philippines ( Filipino : Pangulo ng Pilipinas ; Spanish : Presidente ) is both head of state and head of government of the republic . He is leader of the executive branch and commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines .
Pakistan [ edit ]
The Constitution of Pakistan sets the principle qualifications that the candidate must meet to be eligible to the office of the President . [ 20 ] A President has to be :
A citizen of Pakistan . [ 21 ]
A Muslim . [ 20 ]
At least 45 years of age . [ 20 ]
Qualified to be elected as member of the National Assembly . [ 20 ]
same as the Prime Minister .
Russia [ edit ]
A candidate for office must be a citizen of the Russian Federation who is at least 35 years old and has 'permanently resided ' in Russia for at least 10 years .
South Korea [ edit ]
Article 67 of the Constitution of South Korea requires the candidate to be citizen of South Korea at least 40 years of age and eligible for election to the National Assembly . [ 22 ] Additionally Article 16 of the Public Official Election Act requires the candidate to have resided in South Korea for 5 years . [ 23 ]
Turkey [ edit ]
Article 101 of the Constitution of Turkey specifies that the President of Turkey shall have completed higher education , be at least forty years of age , and be a member of the Turkish Grand National Assembly or a Turkish citizen eligible to be a deputy . The requirements for the latter are given by Article 76 , and exclude , among others , persons who have failed to perform compulsory military service , and those who have been convicted for dishonourable offences . Judges , civil servants , and members of the Armed Forces are not eligible unless they resign from office .
United States [ edit ]
The person must be a natural-born citizen of the United States and must have been a permanent resident of the United States of America for at least 14 years . Each candidate must be at least 35 years of age .
The BBC today confirmed that 650 jobs would be lost at the BBC World Service in cutbacks that it said would lead to the loss of 30 million listeners around the world .
Peter Horrocks , the BBC 's global news director , confirming the scale of the cuts in an internal staff briefing today , said it was a `` difficult and sad day both personally and professionally '' for the 2,000 staff who work at the global broadcaster .
Horrocks described it as an `` enormous shift '' for the World Service , where 650 jobs will go , including 480 posts over the next 12 months , as management implements cuts following a 16 % cut in Foreign Office funding .
An estimated 68 jobs will go at the World Service 's English-language service . Five foreign-language services will be axed and shortwave broadcasts cut back .
The five foreign-language services to be shut down are : Serbia , Macedonia , Albania , the Caribbean and Portuguese services for Africa .
Radio broadcasts in China , Russia , Ukraine and Turkey will be axed , and shortwave broadcasts will cease in Hindi . The Persian and Arabic services will work much more closely together with all evening radio programmes axed from the BBC Arabic service .
Overseas , the brunt of the cuts will be borne by the Arabic and Russian services , with the latter set to lose 45 posts , about half of its staff .
Horrocks said the BBC 's director general , Mark Thompson , has pledged to reverse the World Service cuts when the corporation takes over responsibility for its funding from the Foreign Office in 2014 .
The Foreign Office funding cut and move for the World Service to be paid for from the licence fee from 2014 came out of the coalition government 's comprehensive spending review in October .
His voice cracking with emotion , Horrocks told staff : `` There is no doubt the period ahead is going to be difficult and sad both personally and professionally for everyone in the World Service . I know it wo n't be easy for you to go back to your jobs and carry on today but I know that you will be professional as you have been all along and make sure our audiences get the service they deserve .
`` Today is an extremely tough day for all of us but I assure you the World Service will get through this and continue to deliver brilliantly for our audiences . The task that we have is too important to fail . ''
The World Service has a worldwide audience of about 180 million listeners . the National Union of Journalists general secretary , Jeremy Dear , warned today that it would be eclipsed by the Voice of the America as the world 's leading global broadcaster .
Horrocks said : `` The changes we are announcing today will result in a loss of audiences . Our best estimate is that there will be an immediate drop of more than 30 million out of our audience figure of 180 million as a direct result of these changes . ''
`` I know how much anger , upset and sadness there is going to be . That is going to be overwhelming for some people .
`` We will come together and put our arms round each other and get through this . That is the only thing to do . If we end up fighting we will destroy ourselves . ''
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor @ mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857 . For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly `` for publication '' .
Australian Agriculture Department officials have estimated that nearly half of all imported raw prawns were infected with white spot disease before imports were suspended in January .
The officials told a Senate Estimates hearing in Canberra on Wednesday that six importers supplied `` the vast majority '' of the contaminated prawns .
The Department has since revoked their import permits and approvals .
`` We have made a referral to the CDPP [ Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions ] , to pursue charges and further referrals are being considered , '' the Department 's head of biosecurity , Lyn O'Connell , told Estimates .
Contaminated raw prawn imports have been blamed for an outbreak of white spot in Queensland 's Logan River and Moreton Bay .
Logan River prawn farms will remain shut down for one year , in an effort to contain the outbreak .
While departmental officials said the source of the outbreak may never be known , they are still working on the assumption the virus can be eradicated .
Testing failed detection
LNP Senator Barry O'Sullivan said the outbreak `` represents a catastrophic collapse '' of Australia 's biosecurity arrangements and the so-called risk-based approach to raw prawn imports which involved testing a percentage of prawns at the border .
Agriculture Department investigations revealed that a number of importers engaged in the `` deliberate subversion '' of those processes , including deliberately mislabelling prawns as other product to avoid testing .
Investigations also revealed that white spot testing at the border failed to properly detect infected prawns .
Under more sensitive testing at the Australian Animal Health Laboratory , a large percentage of raw prawns that were initially cleared at the border were subsequently found to be infected with white spot .
`` The estimation that we have is that nearly half of the prawns imported into Australia were positive for white spot syndrome , '' departmental official Tim Chapman told the senators .
`` Obviously it is unacceptable to us . ''
Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce announced in May that the Commonwealth Government would allocate $ 20 million to prawn farmers in the Logan River , who must cease farming for 12 months .
Some of that will be paid back by the prawn farming industry through an agreed levy on production .
But Labor 's shadow agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon accused Mr Joyce of being `` missing in action '' on the issue .
`` He saw political opportunity in Johnny Depp 's dogs , an issue that was already being adequately handled by the department , but when it comes to this serious biosecurity breach which is so seriously impacting on prawn farmers in this country , Barnaby Joyce is nowhere to be seen , '' he told Parliament .
In this post , you 'll find guidelines and pictures illustrating How to Convert a Yeast Bread Recipe for Use in a Bread Machine . Do n't miss the recipe for Soft Garlic Sticks that taste an awfully lot like the breadsticks at Olive Garden .
These soft and chewy bread sticks remind me of the ones at Olive Garden with one big difference . They will be hot and fresh when I eat them because I can bake them myself . But I would n't go to the trouble very often if I did n't have a bread machine .
By now , I hope you have been convinced to try mixing and kneading bread dough in a bread machine . If you have purchased or somehow obtained a machine , it 's time to master a few simple recipes . With the holidays approaching , you may be wondering how to mix up Granny 's roll recipe or Aunt Mabel 's famous bread in your bread machine .
Four Rules for Converting Most Conventional Bread Recipes
# 1 If the original recipe contains more than 3-4 cups of flour ,
you must reduce the entire recipe to the amount your machine can handle ( average is 3 to 3-1/2 cups ) . Check the manual if you are n't sure .
# 2 For every 3-4 cups of flour , you will need 1-1/8 to 1-1/4 cups liquid .
This comes out to roughly 3/8 cup liquid per 1 cup flour . If eggs are included in the recipe , one large egg is equal to a scant 1/4 cup liquid . If other wet ingredients are called for such as yogurt , mashed potatoes , sour cream , etc , regard them as half liquid .
# 3 Put all wet ingredients in the pan first .
followed by the flour , and then yeast ( which should be instant or bread machine yeast ) . If using regular yeast , it must be dissolved first in a portion of the aforementioned liquid .
# 4 The first few times you try a recipe , hold back at least 1/4 to 1/3 of the liquid and add it only as needed .
The dough should make a tacky ball that sticks to the side briefly , then pulls away . Make a note of how much liquid you actually used for future reference . This can/may change slightly according to level of humidity in your kitchen . If you have already added too much liquid , add flour one tablespoon at a time until dough reaches proper consistency .
There is an exception…
Refrigerator rolls or bread where you mix the dough and put it in the refrigerator to rise do n't seem to work so well in a bread machine . The dough is extremely sticky and is “ kneaded ” or mixed better in a stand mixer such as a Kitchen Aid .
A few weeks ago , I saw a recipe for Soft Garlic Rolls on Annie 's Eats . A commenter asked Annie if they could be made in a bread machine . I knew instantly it would be an easy recipe to adapt so I tried it . Worked perfectly . This is the original ingredient list given by Annie as adapted from a recipe from King Arthur Flour .
Soft Garlic Knots–Original Recipe
Ingredients :
3 cups bread flour
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1-1/4 teaspoon salt ,
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 cup milk
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons lukewarm water .
Glaze :
2 cloves garlic
3 tablespoons melted butter
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
( To see Annie 's instructions for making in a stand mixer and her excellent photo tutorial for forming dough into knots , click here . I am usually in too big of a hurry for the fancy rolls and prefer these quicker bread sticks for everyday eating . )
HOW I ADAPTED THE RECIPE
# 1 Reverse order of ingredients so water is first .
Flour will be next to last with yeast being the final ingredient added .
# 2 No need to reduce this particular recipe .
My machine will handle 3 cups of flour just fine . Yours probably will too .
# 3 Add up the liquid in the original recipe .
In this recipe , you will get 1-1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons . That 's likely too much for a bread machine . I cut the milk in half and subtracted 2 tablespoons water leaving me with 1-1/8 cup liquid-theoretically perfect according to rule # 2 . ( Oil and butter are not included in liquid measurement )
How to roll out and form garlic breadsticks
Warning :
This is a beginner 's guide–a good place to start . Substituting different kinds of flour makes the game more interesting but also more complicated with less predictable results until you have some experience .
Yield : 16 breadsticks Soft Garlic Sticks Print This is a bread machine recipe for yeasted garlic bread sticks that taste similar to the ones at Olive Garden . Prep Time 2 hours 45 minutes Cook Time 15 minutes Total Time 3 hours Ingredients 1 cup lukewarm water
2 tablespoons milk
2 tablespoons olive oil
1-1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
3 cups bread flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 clove of garlic ( reduced from original recipe )
3 tablespoons melted butter
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
Sprinkle of sea salt Instructions Place ingredients in order listed into bread machine pan saving 1/4 cup of liquid . Select dough cycle . After about 5 minutes , lift the lid as machine continues to knead and add water 1 tablespoon at a time , as necessary , until dough forms into a ball but remains tacky . When cycle is completed and dough has risen , remove from bread pan . Divide dough in half and shape into two balls . Roll out each ball into a 7 x 9-inch rectangle . Use a pizza cutter or large sharp knife to cut each rectangle into 8 strips . See picture above . Twist each strip to disguise imperfections and place side-by-side on greased baking sheet or one covered with baking paper or silicone mat . Allow to rise until almost double . Brush with glaze , sprinkle with sea salt and bake in preheated 400-degree ovens for 15-16 minutes or until golden brown . Serve warm . Recommended Products Fleischmann 's Yeast for Bread Machines , 4-ounce Jars ( Pack of 1 )
Zojirushi BB-PDC20BA Home Bakery Virtuoso Plus Breadmaker , 2 lb . loaf of Bread , Stainless Steel/Black
King Arthur Flour Unbleached Bread Flour , 5 Pound ( Packaging May Vary ) As an Amazon Associate , I earn from qualifying purchases . But do n't worry . This does n't change the price you pay . Nutrition Information : Yield : 16 Serving Size : 1 stick
Amount Per Serving : Calories : 133 Total Fat : 4g Saturated Fat : 2g Trans Fat : 0g Unsaturated Fat : 2g Cholesterol : 6mg Sodium : 221mg Carbohydrates : 20g Fiber : 1g Sugar : 1g Protein : 3g
Posts Related to “ How to Convert a Yeast Bread Recipe for Use in a Bread Machine ”
_____________________________________________________
Jim Miller pocketed $ 45,000 for submitting Melvin Guillard . | Photo : Dave Mandel
Four men walked away from UFC on FX 1 with post-fight bonuses on Saturday night , as Jim Miller Christian Morecraft and Nick Denis each took home an extra $ 45,000 from the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville , Tenn.Miller was awarded `` Submission of the Night '' for his finish of fellow headliner Melvin Guillard , and Denis was handed “ Knockout of the Night ” after leveling Joseph Sandoval in just 22 seconds . Meanwhile , Barry and Morecraft each earned “ Fight of the Night ” for their one-round heavyweight affair.Guillard showed off his considerable punching power early in the main event , dropping Miller with a straight left and following with a flurry of punches . However , the savvy AMA Fight Club representative managed to keep his wits about him , catching a flying knee from Guillard and quickly turning it to his advantage , taking Guillard 's back and sinking in the fight-ending rear-naked choke.Denis wasted no time in taking it to Sandoval , popping him with several straight punches before locking up a single collar tie and unleashing a flurry of short elbows to Sandoval 's temple . Sandoval 's knees quickly buckled and gravity took effect . The referee waved off the bout as Sandoval fell limply to the mat.Though Morecraft appeared to be the dominant fighter early in the heavyweight bout , Barry showed improved submission defense and managed to escape Morecraft 's takedowns . Back on his feet , the kickboxer slipped a shot and launched a murderous left hook , clipping Morecraft and sending him reeling to the canvas . “ HD ” followed with heavy ground-and-pound , relieving his opponent of his consciousness in just 3:38 .
In an extract from a new book , the former Manchester United and Everton winger talks about growing up in the Soviet Union , Chernobyl and being told he was too short to make it in football
If you were growing up in Kirovograd in the 1980s , you would be trained for employment in the big factories . The Red Star , where my mother worked , produced tractors and combine harvesters .
Another built radios while a third manufactured parts for guided missiles and would always have officials walking around with Geiger counters to check radiation levels .
The Manchester derby : from the archive , five classic matches , 1955-2009 Read more
Chernobyl lay three hours ' drive north of Kirovograd and in April 1986 , when I was seventeen , the Geiger counters began going off the scale . Fortunately for my family , the radioactive cloud from the explosion that ripped the roof off the nuclear power station drifted northwards .
For about ten days nobody was told what had happened . Some officials in the local Communist Party were tipped off but they either chose not to say anything or they slipped away to Moscow .
Then gradually , by word of mouth , ordinary people like my family discovered what was happening at Chernobyl . There had been a call for builders to fly in and do ‘ construction work ' , but in reality they were dealing with the fires and its aftermath .
Even those who were trying to contain the explosion were not told what the dangers were . As the years went by , you heard of people dying early from strange causes .
By the time of Chernobyl , I had left Kirovograd to be part of a football academy in Kharkov , 230 miles to the east . Football was not my first love . My dream was to become an ice-hockey star . My hero was Valery Kharlamov .
He was small and dark – his mother was Spanish – and he scored brilliant goals for CSKA Moscow . They offered him a lot of money to go to Canada and play in the National Hockey League but Kharlamov was too much of a patriot to leave .
He led the Soviet team to two gold medals in successive Winter Olympics . He was also part of the Soviet side that lost to a United States college team in the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid , that in America they called ‘ The Miracle on Ice ' .
The following year , his car , driven by his wife , hit a truck . The collision killed them both . CSKA retired Kharlamov 's number 17 jersey until his orphaned son , Alexander , was old enough to wear it . When I joined Everton , I was told I could choose my squad number . Naturally , I picked 17 , and when I was transferred to Fiorentina , I wore 17 for the same reason .
At school , the sport I specialised in was gymnastics , especially the rings and the bar , until one day a teacher suggested I should take up football . I fell in love with Diego Maradona .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Andrei Kanchelskis celebrates after scoring against Everton for Manchester United . Photograph : Croft Malcolm Croft/PA
I was seventeen when he took Argentina to the 1986 World Cup . I was already a professional footballer when Argentina met the Soviet Union in the 1990 World Cup in Naples , the city where Maradona played , where he was worshipped .
It was the second group game and , since both teams had lost their opening match , whoever lost would be in trouble . The game was goalless when Maradona handled the ball on the line . The referee gave nothing . Argentina won 2–0 , the Soviet Union was eliminated in the group stage and Argentina went on to reach the final .
World Cups and major international tournaments were very big in the Soviet Union because there was usually very little football on television . If there was a televised sport that was on all the time , it was ice hockey .
The screening of football matches in the Soviet Union was very basic . There would be absolutely no build-up and no full-time analysis . The broadcast would begin when the referee blew his whistle to start the match and it finished when he blew for full time . Until the end of the 1980s , you watched in black-and-white .
More than a hundred others had made the same journey and waiting for us was a regime of sprints , ball-work and five-a-sides . Over three weeks in the summer of 1983 , the hundred were whittled down to twenty .
Nobody even considered whether there might be coverage of foreign football . When I was growing up , Liverpool were the dominant team in Europe . Between 1977 and 1985 they were involved in five European Cup finals but I did n't see any of them and when I went to play in England I knew very little about Liverpool and even less about the other teams .
If you wanted to follow football , you tended to have to buy a newspaper and mine was Gazeta Futbol-Khokkei , half of which was devoted to football and half to ice hockey . They were the paper 's only subjects . To me , it seemed a perfect combination . The coverage of sport in the main Soviet press was very formal . The back page of Pravda would have short , factual reports on the main football , hockey or athletics results without any comment .
Between them , my parents earned 250 roubles a month . In today 's exchange rate , our monthly household income would be £3.50 . However , in the Soviet Union , 250 roubles went a long way .
I grew up in a three-bedroom flat and we seldom went short of anything .
Your household necessities – rent , telephone , gas , central heating – would probably be only thirty roubles . A suit cost sixty roubles , a Raketa watch , the kind supplied to the Red Army , cost 22 . Food prices were controlled centrally by the government . Food was cheap ; the trouble was that so much food was often unavailable .
We played outside , always . The Soviet Union had four television channels and none of them gave you much of an incentive to turn them on .
Kirovograd did have three cinemas , one of them named after Felix Dzerzhinsky , the founder of the KGB . The cinemas were open from nine in the morning to eleven at night and it cost ten kopecks ( there are a hundred kopecks in a rouble ) to get in .
People were fitter then . Facebook , mobile phones , PlayStations ; they were yet to come .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Andrei Kanchelskis , back row third left , pictured with the Soviet national team in 1991 . Photograph : Tass/Igor Utkin/TASS
In the Soviet Union , schools had numbers not names , a tradition that is still true of Russia today . I went to School 32 . There were too many pupils and not enough schools , so you studied in shifts .
The first shift was from eight in the morning until one o'clock and the second shift from one until five . One week you did the morning shift and in the next week you would go in the afternoons .
I did study English , although I made absolutely no effort . I did not see the point and could envisage no circumstances in which I would need to speak it .
I was told I had to improve my jumping so in the evenings , when nobody was looking , I would sneak out into a forest and practise jumping up and down on one leg , an exercise they called Blokha or ‘ the Flea '
We had to learn the poetry of Pushkin and Lermontov off by heart and recite it to the class . I liked the stories of Nikolai Gogol , like The Overcoat about an impoverished clerk who saves up to buy a coat . When he puts it on , his personality changes .
The only subjects I really enjoyed though were PE and what was called Trud . It means ‘ work ' in Russian and involved learning carpentry or going around the school , cleaning , polishing or picking up litter .
Growing up , you went through various organisations . When you were eight years old you joined the Little Octobrists and at eleven you became a Young Pioneer . The Little Octobrists had a badge with a picture of Lenin ; the Young Pioneers wore a red neckerchief .
It was a bit like the cubs and scouts .
In the long holidays you would go to summer camp , often in the Crimea , where you would play tennis and football , go to dances or for walks in the forest . We would stroll through Gagarin Park in Yalta or go on a bus trip through the vineyards and tobacco farms to the Livadia Palace , where in 1945 Stalin , Roosevelt and Churchill settled the fate of post-war Europe .
As for family holidays , we went camping or rented an apartment by the sea . Hotels were out because they were invariably full and expensive . A car was out of our reach and out of most people 's reach . If you had one , it marked you out . Having a car – a Lada or a Moskvitch – was something special .
When you were fifteen , you would apply to join the Young Communist League or Komsomol . If you wanted to go into further education , Komsomol membership was essential and you had to take a written test . Typical questions would be : ‘ When was the Communist Party of the Soviet Union founded ? ' Or : ‘ When was Lenin born ? ' There were a lot of dates and not everybody passed .
Like every town in the Soviet Union , Kirovograd had an organisation called the Society for the Olympic Reserve . It was dedicated to scouring schools for potential athletes , especially those who could go on to represent the country in the Olympics . When I was eleven , the Olympics were very big indeed . They were being staged in Moscow .
One day , School 32 had a visitor . His name was Valery Karpinus and he was from the Society for the Olympic Reserve . He wanted to watch a PE session and then he divided the group into two teams for a game of football . Afterwards , Karpinus asked three of us to remain behind .
He wanted us to join his football school , combining it with lessons at School 32 . Gradually , I spent more time at the football school than the real thing . My sister , Natasha , became very good at writing letters explaining my absences . The emphasis of Karpinus 's training was the importance of passing a football , how a single pass could take out an entire defence . Holding on to the ball too long was a sign of greed that could destroy a team . They were principles that carried me through my football career .
The training sessions were intense . If I was on the morning shift at school , I would go to the afternoon shift at Karpinus 's academy and vice versa .
Alex Ferguson was as adept at evolving tactically as any manager football has seen | Jonathan Wilson Read more
When I was fourteen , I came across another man who was to propel me on my way to becoming a footballer . He was Nikolai Koltsov . He had been a defender for Dynamo Kiev and he ran a sports ' boarding school in Kharkov . It was 240 miles away . It specialised in athletics , gymnastics , swimming . . . and football .
My mum did not want me to go and neither did Karpinus , who thought I should wait another year and go to Kiev to train as a footballer when I was fifteen , but , eventually , Dad and I won the argument . He would have liked to have driven me there in his lorry , but instead we found ourselves waiting for the bus and the ten-hour journey to Kharkov .
More than a hundred others had made the same journey and waiting for us was a regime of sprints , ball-work and five-a-sides .
Over three weeks in the summer of 1983 , the hundred were whittled down to twenty .
Koltsov was a hard taskmaster . He had the kind of job that required you to be tough . He ran an almost military regime that had no concept of free time . We would get up at seven . Then we would train , have breakfast and go to school . In the evening there would be more training and on Saturday we would play a match .
There were classes every day . You studied the usual school subjects : Russian , geography , mathematics . I preferred history because Russia has such a very big history .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Celebrating with the FA Cup in Manchester in 1994 . Photograph : John Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images
The history I learned was that of the Soviet Union : Lenin , the Revolution , the fall of the Romanovs and the storming of the Winter Palace . Mikhail Gorbachev had not yet taken power in Moscow ; it was the last years of the old guard , Andropov and Chernenko .
There was as yet no glasnost . It was all very traditional .
Your final grades were marked out of five . At most schools I would have got a five for sport but Koltsov gave me a four and a lecture about ‘ more work to be done ' . There were academic lessons mixed in and , if you did badly in those , Koltsov had a remedy – a thirty-metre sprint repeated thirty times .
For Nikolai Koltsov there was always more work to be done . He was never satisfied but he did instil in me a burning desire to play for Dynamo Kiev . There is a Russian phrase that you ‘ become sick from wanting something ' and I was becoming sick from wanting to play for Dynamo Kiev .
Then , one day in late January or early February , three of us were told to travel down to Sochi , 700 miles away on the Black Sea coast , where the local team , Metalist Kharkov , were undergoing the long pre-season training that in Russia they call sbori . When we arrived , the trainer studied me up and down and said , ‘ No use to me . Too small . '
I was the shortest in the academy and was playing as a number 10 , modelling myself on the great Brazilian , Jairzinho . I told the trainer that if he stuck with me , I could be his Jairzinho . ‘ No chance , ' came the reply . ‘ You are not tall enough for a start and I doubt you have the speed or the stamina . ' Metalist said they would phone if they needed me . They never did .
Suddenly , I became very keen to become tall . I would stretch myself by hanging from a crossbar with someone holding my legs .
I was told that carrots could increase your height , so naturally I stuffed myself with carrots and vitamins – anything to help me grow .
Not only was I one of the smallest at the academy , I was also the slowest . That might come as a surprise to anyone who watched me on the wing at Old Trafford but I had never done athletics .
I was told I had to improve my jumping so in the evenings , when nobody was looking , I would sneak out into a forest by the training pitches and practise jumping up and down on one leg , bringing my knee up to my chest . It was an exercise they called in Russian Blokha or ‘ the Flea ' .
I would do it a hundred times and then I would swap legs and do it a hundred more . I would do it every evening for three years . I had dreams , like every teenage boy , and I could not imagine my life without football . I told myself that , if I had to train like this every day to become a professional footballer , that is what I would have to do . That was the price .
Extracted from Russian Winters : The Story of Andrei Kancheslskis , published by deCoubertin Books . Out now . Order a copy here
Bronisław Huberman ( 19 December 1882 – 16 June 1947 ) was a Jewish Polish violinist . He was known for his individualistic and personal interpretations and was praised for his tone color , expressiveness , and flexibility . The Gibson ex-Huberman Stradivarius violin which bears his name was stolen and recovered twice during the period in which he owned the instrument . Huberman is also remembered for founding the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ( then known as the Palestine Philharmonic ) and thus providing refuge from the Third Reich for nearly 1,000 European Jews . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Huberman was born in Częstochowa , Poland . In his youth he was a pupil of Mieczysław Michałowicz and Maurycy Rosen at the Warsaw Conservatory , and of Isidor Lotto in Paris . In 1892 he studied under Joseph Joachim in Berlin . Despite being only ten years old , he dazzled Joachim with performances of Louis Spohr , Henri Vieuxtemps , and the transcription of a Frédéric Chopin nocturne . However , the two did not get along well , and after Huberman 's fourteenth birthday he took no more lessons . In 1893 he toured the Netherlands and Belgium as a virtuoso performer . Around this time , the six-year-old Arthur Rubinstein attended one of Huberman 's concerts . Rubinstein 's parents invited Huberman back to their house and the two boys struck up what would become a lifetime friendship . In 1894 Adelina Patti invited Huberman to participate in her farewell gala in London , which he did , and in the following year he actually eclipsed her in appearances in Vienna . In 1896 he performed the violin concerto of Johannes Brahms in the presence of the composer , who was stunned by the quality of his playing .
He married the German actress Elza Galafrés ( also described as a singer [ 3 ] and ballerina ) . [ 4 ] They had a son , Johannes , but the marriage did not last . She later met the Hungarian composer and pianist Ernő Dohnányi , but neither Huberman nor Dohnányi 's then wife would consent to divorce . Elza and Dohnányi nevertheless had a child out of wedlock in 1917 , and in 1919 , after Huberman had granted her a divorce , she married Dohnányi , who then adopted Huberman 's son Johannes . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
In the 1920s and early 1930s , Huberman toured around Europe and North America with the pianist Siegfried Schultze and performed on the most famous stages ( Carnegie in New York , Scala in Milan , Musikverein in Vienna , Konzerthaus in Berlin .... ) . Over the course of many years , the duet Huberman-Schultze were regularly invited in private by European Royal Families . Countless recordings of these artists were done during that period at the `` Berliner Rundfunk '' and were unfortunately destroyed during the Second World War .
In 1937 , a year before the Anschluss , Huberman left Vienna and took refuge in Switzerland . The following year , his career nearly ended as a result of an airplane accident in Sumatra in which his wrist and two fingers of his left hand were broken . After intensive and painful retraining he was able to resume performing . At the onset of the Second World War , Huberman was touring South Africa and was unable to return to his home in Switzerland until after the war . Shortly thereafter he fell ill from exhaustion and never regained his strength . He died in Corsier-sur-Vevey , Switzerland , on June 16 , 1947 , at age 64 .
Palestine Symphony Orchestra [ edit ]
In 1929 Huberman first visited Palestine and developed his vision of establishing classical music in the Promised Land . In 1933 , during the Nazis ' rise to power , Huberman declined invitations from Wilhelm Furtwängler to return to preach a `` musical peace '' , but wrote instead an open letter to German intellectuals inviting them to remember their essential values . In 1936 he founded the Palestine Symphony Orchestra ( which upon the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 was renamed the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ) . For the orchestra , Huberman recruited leading Jewish musicians from Europe , showing `` the prescience to realize that far more than a new job was at stake for these artists '' — for `` if it had n't been for Huberman , dozens of musicians and their families — nearly 1000 people in all — would nearly certainly have died if they had stayed in countries including Germany , Austria , Poland and Hungary . `` [ 1 ] He was assisted by violinist Jacob Surowicz . [ 7 ] Conductor William Steinberg , then known as Hans Wilhelm Steinberg , trained the orchestra . The first concert , on December 26 , 1936 was conducted by Arturo Toscanini ; Huberman had invited the Italian maestro when he heard of his refusing to perform in Germany to protest the Nazi takeover . [ 2 ] The 2012 documentary film Orchestra of Exiles by writer , director and producer Josh Aronson recreates Huberman 's work creating the orchestra through interviews and reenactments . [ 8 ] Featuring interviews with Zubin Mehta , Pinchas Zukerman , Joshua Bell , and many other notable musicians , the film details how Huberman rescued nearly 1000 Jewish musicians and their families and created the Palestine Symphony Orchestra . The film also details how famous Jews and leading historical figures , such as Albert Einstein , were vital in creating the orchestra .
Stradivarius theft [ edit ]
Before 1936 , Huberman 's principal instrument for his concerts was a 1713-vintage Stradivarius `` Gibson , '' which was named after one of its early owners , the English violinist George Alfred Gibson . It was stolen twice . In 1919 , it was taken from Huberman 's Vienna hotel room , but recovered by the police within 3 days . The second time was in New York City . On February 28 , 1936 , while giving a concert at Carnegie Hall , Huberman switched the Stradivarius `` Gibson '' with his newly acquired Guarnerius violin , leaving the Stradivarius in his dressing room during intermission . It was stolen either by New York City nightclub musician Julian Altman or a friend of his . [ 9 ] Altman kept the violin for the next half century . Huberman 's insurance company , Lloyd 's of London , paid him US $ 30,000 for the loss in 1936 .
Altman went on to become a violinist with the National Symphony Orchestra in Washington , D.C. and performed with the stolen Stradivarius for many years . In 1985 , Altman made a deathbed confession to his wife , Marcelle Hall , that he had stolen the violin . Two years later , she returned it to Lloyd 's and collected a finder 's fee of US $ 263,000 . The instrument underwent a 9-month restoration by J & A Beare Ltd. , in London . In 1988 , Lloyd 's sold it for US $ 1.2 million to British violinist Norbert Brainin . In October 2001 , the American violinist Joshua Bell purchased it for just under US $ 4,000,000 .
The instrument , which is now known as the Gibson-Huberman was the focus of the 2012 documentary The Return of the Violin by director Haim Hecht which featured interviews with musicians such as Joshua Bell , Zubin Mehta , Holocaust-survivor Sigmund Rolat and many other musicians . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Honours [ edit ]
The town of Częstochowa renamed it 's orchestra as the Bronislaw Huberman Philharmonic in honor of its native violinist . [ 12 ]
Recordings [ edit ]
Huberman made several commercial recordings of large-scale works , among which are :
Students [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Henry Roth , Bronislaw Hubermann , in Violin Virtuosos , From Paganini to the 21st Century , Los Angeles , California Classics Books , 1997 , pp . 70–79
, in , Los Angeles , California Classics Books , 1997 , pp . 70–79 Jean-Michel Molkhou , Bronisław Hubermann , in Les grands violonistes du XXe siècle . Tome 1- De Kreisler à Kremer , 1875-1947 , Paris , Buchet Chastel , 2011 , pp . 51–54
Further reading [ edit ]
December is just hours away , which means we 're into the last 31 days of 2017 and a brand-new year is waiting for all of us . In Kdramaland , there 's really nothing special in that month other than the year-end awarding ceremonies of the three big networks ( they hold it usually on December 30 or 31 ) and the premiere of the last batch of Kdramas this year . The latter is particularly special for me because the new shows in December are the ones that will bid farewell to this amazing ( I thought so ) year for dramas and welcome 2018 while they are still broadcasting .
8 Korean dramas will start this month , bringing the total number of premieres this year to 69 ( or roughly 6 dramas per month ; excluding weekend and daily dramas from the free-to-air networks ) . Of these eight , there are 2 melodramas , 2 fantasy romances , 2 rom-coms , 1 thriller , and 1 office comedy . I have them listed below as your guide with the synopsis and your likely reasons to watch . I wonder if there is one among them who will end up reaping a Goblin-level success ( Goblin premiered in December as well , and so did another certified hit My Love From The Star ) .
Monday-Tuesday Broadcast
1 . Office Romantic Comedy starting on December 4 : KBS2 's Jugglers . A self-sacrificing and multi-tasking office secretary has to juggle many tasks at once for her cold , stoic boss but their roles become somewhat reversed when he ends up moving into her house as a new tenant . ( Starring Choi Daniel and Baek Jin-hee )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : You love office romances or you 're a hardcore fan of Choi Daniel whose last drama aired about 3 years ago . Or you 've gotten tired of crime Mon-Tue dramas which air over at MBC ( Two Cops ) and SBS ( Doubtful Victory ) . Curious about the writer-director pair ? Nah , they do n't have strong dramas on their resumes because they 're relative newbies .
2 . Office Comedy starting on December 4 : tvN 's Rude Miss Young-ae Season 16 . Lee Young-ae 's story as a female office worker continues for the 16th time . I know—that 's a lame about-the-series intro but I could really hardly find a synopsis somewhere else that is quite detailed and satisfactory ( plus I 'm not a fan of the series ) . Anyways , it is essentially about the office life of the unmarried titular character who might have to tie the knot this season . ( Starring : Kim Hyun-sook )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : You 're one of those loyal fans of this 10-year old series or you 're curious to see a perfect and interesting example of the very few multi-seasonal Kdramas featuring the same character and a similar story .
3 . Melodrama starting on December 11 : JTBC 's Just Between Lovers . Two young individuals emotionally scarred by their past carry on living their lives while still in pain and learn to find hope and solace in each other 's company . ( Starring : Lee Joon-ho and Won Jin-ah | From PD Kim Jin-won of The Innocent Man and writer Yoo Bo-ra of Secret Love )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : JTBC opened up a new drama time slot ( 11 pm ) just for this series , so you might as well check if the cable network did n't go crazy or something given the highly strong rivalry of shows these days especially for cable dramas . Maybe you 're a fan of the two promising actors who are starring in their first ever lead roles in a TV drama , or melos is just really your cup of tea .
Wednesday-Thursday Broadcast
4 . Fantasy Romance starting on December 6 : KBS2 's Black Knight . A mysterious man with an assistant who has somehow lived for 200 years is more than willing to do everything and battle a dangerous fate for the woman she loves and wants to protect . ( Starring : Kim Rae-won and Shin Se-kyung | From PD Han Sang-woo of Man From the Equator and writer Kim In-young of Unkind Ladies )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : This looks 100 % romance to you and you 're interested to know why the drama spans two centuries . Is Kim Rae-won the “ black knight ” an immortal or a reincarnated soul ? In any case , the gothic mystery and scenes in Slovenia appeal so much to you and you just want to forget that Shin Se-kyung ever played a bride to a Water God .
5 . Sci-fi Romantic Comedy starting on December 6 : MBC 's I 'm Not A Robot . A man who has a severe “ allergy to humans ” that keeps him from developing any close relationship with anyone falls in love with a female humanoid robot , which is actually a real human who impersonates the machine . ( Starring Yoo Seung-hoo and Chae Soo-bin | From PD Jung Dae-yoon of W-Two Worlds and writer Kim Seon-mi of Shine or Go Crazy )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : You 've been waiting so much for this to happen , that actor Yoo Seung-hoo will be playing the lead in a romantic comedy because you think its just a waste to watch him only in melodramas . Or you just really want more of Chae Soo-bin despite seeing her twice already this year in Rebel : Thief Who Stole the People and Strongest Deliveryman .
Saturday-Sunday Broadcast
6 . Family Melodrama starting on December 9 : tvN 's The Most Beautiful Goodbye In The World . A dedicated mother learns one day that she has terminal cancer , so her ungrateful family gathers in support of her during the remaining days of her life . ( Starring Won Mi-kyung and Choi Ji-woo | From PD Hong Jong-chan and writer No Hee-kyung of Dear My Friends )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : No Hee-kyung is that one writer you endlessly admire and you ca n't just wait to see the drama remake of her own award-winning series in the 1990s . Plus , she 's teaming up again with the director who helmed Dear My Friends , which won Best Drama in this year 's Baeksang Arts Awards .
7 . Action Crime Thriller starting on December 16 : OCN 's Bad Guys : City of Evil . Two genius prosecutors and one hotheaded detective form a team with a convicted gangster and a framed , revenge-seeking criminal to catch even worse criminals . ( Starring Park Joong-hoon , Kim Moo-yul , Yang Ik-joon , Joo Jin-mo , and Ji Soo | From PD Han Dong-hwa of Police Unit 38 and writer Han Jung-hoon of the original Bad Guys )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : This is a spin-off of a drama you 've loved so much or you 've heard so many positive reviews about the original but have n't gotten the time to watch it . You also think that Police Unit 38 , aka Squad 38 , was cleverly written and you expect this series could end up having a clever script , too . Or maybe you 're just really a sucker for OCN crime dramas .
8 . Fantasy Romance starting on December 23 : tvN 's Hwayugi . In a world where dark spirits are roaming around , a human with the ability to see them team up with the great Monkey King and the Bull Demon King to battle the bad ones and search for “ the light. ” ( Starring Lee Seung-gi and Oh Yeon-seo | From PD Park hong-kyun of Queen Seon-deok and Hong sisters of Master 's Sun )
Reason ( s ) To Watch : Any Hong Sisters-drama would always end up in your to-watch list , plus you miss Lee Seung-gi so much and want to see him right away on TV . It 's also a modern retelling of a classic Chinese novel Journey to the West and you 're hyped up at the thought of watching the Kdrama adaptation .
Tom Wheeler Revising His Net Neutrality Plans ... But Not Actually Fixing Them
from the keep-pushing dept
In the new draft , Mr. Wheeler is sticking to the same basic approach but will include language that would make clear that the FCC will scrutinize the deals to make sure that the broadband providers do n't unfairly put nonpaying companies ' content at a disadvantage , according to an agency official .
The official said the draft would also seek comment on whether such agreements , called `` paid prioritization , '' should be banned outright , and look to prohibit the big broadband companies , such as Comcast Corp. and AT & T Inc. , from doing deals with some content companies on terms that they are n't offering to others .
Mr. Wheeler 's language will also invite comments on whether broadband Internet service should be considered a public utility , which would subject it to greater regulation . The FCC has so far not reclassified broadband as a utility , and providers have fiercely opposed such a move , saying it would cause innovation and investment to collapse
So , this seemed pretty likely given FCC boss Tom Wheeler 's continued shift in the way he describes his `` open internet '' net neutrality rules in the face of an awful lot of criticism , but the WSJ reported this weekend that Wheeler has been spending the last few days `` revising '' the rules that he 's set to release this week . Each time Wheeler has spoken about this , he 's inched slightly closer to actually putting Title II reclassification ( making broadband providers common carriers ) on the table , though very few people actually believe he 'll do that . While he 'd previously suggested that reclassification was a reserve back pocket option if his original rules did n't work , on Friday , he said that reclassification would be one possibility that he wanted people to comment on once the new proposal was released.So it 's good to see Wheeler doing some last minute revising -- but it appears that he 's still trying to thread the needle with some `` middle ground '' approaches , in which he allows for some forms of paid prioritization . As multiple people have pointed out , if you do that , it 's no longer a net neutrality proposal : So it appears that his new plan is to more explicitly put the different plans out for comment , without actually really endorsing anything , and letting AT & T and Comcast 's lobbyists ratchet up the rhetoric war . What he appears to be proposing is a useless `` third way '' option , which everyone will hate , while letting everyone fight about the other options . In other words : it 's more of the same from the FCC .
Filed Under : fcc , net neutrality , open internet , title ii , tom wheeler
One of the most decorated players in women 's football is at the forefront of a campaign to deliver more Uefa-qualified female coaches and believes they would bring different qualities to the job
Would Rachel Yankey like to become the first female manager in the Premier League ? “ Look , it 's not an ambition of mine . It 's not as if I sit there and think ‘ that 's what I want to do ' . If I was good enough to go in there and get a job … but right now , I 'm nowhere near good enough. ” So that 's not a no , then .
'Women 's football needs to stand on its own ' - readers on the FA 's new plans Read more
Once the record caps holder for England , the winner of six League titles and nine women 's FA Cups , recipient of the OBE and , still , one of the few names in women 's football to have widespread public recognition , Yankey can also do a passable impersonation of a politician . But while she may not be willing to give an interviewer a headline , she is certainly doing everything within her capability to change the perception of female coaches in the national game ( and yes , that means the men 's version of it , too ) .
There are , as it stands , 29 women in England in possession of a Uefa A coaching licence . This compares with a total of 1,484 men . In the women 's professional game , the England team is managed by a man , Mark Sampson , while of the 20 clubs in the two tiers of the Women 's Super League there are only five female managers . In the men 's game , there is not a single female coach at any of the 92 league clubs .
Yankey is giving interviews as the figurehead for an initiative , launched by the online bookmaker Betfair , to fund 50 female coaches to their Uefa B badges . It comes alongside the FA launching its women 's “ Gameplan for Growth ” this year which announced a head of women 's coaching development to focus on the recruitment and deployment of female coaches in England .
For many years already , Yankey has been ploughing the furrow herself . She took her Uefa B licence while playing for Arsenal and is in the process of taking her Uefa A qualifications , in the hope of tipping that coaching total up to 30 . She has coached at a grassroots level since she was a teenager . She has also presented no fewer than 60 episodes of Footy Pups , a CBeebies TV show that combines the adventures of an animated football team with Yankey teaching real-life skills to a group of mixed-sex primary school children .
“ The whole way through my career , even when I was a 16-year-old at Arsenal , I 've played football but I 've coached kids as well , ” she says . “ I 've always worked in schools and , I suppose , in the latter stages of my career , particularly at Arsenal these past few seasons , it 's been more about teaching the youngsters what was important . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rachel Yankey , left , celebrates with Jill Scott and Karen Carney after scoring for England in a victory over Japan at the 2011 World Cup . Photograph : Christof Stache/AFP/Getty Images
It is fair to say then that Yankey is as well-placed to talk about development within our national game as anyone . Her analysis is that the barriers to expanding the number of female coaches are manifold , but not necessarily insurmountable , the main problem being less an absence of qualifications and more a lack of jobs at the end of it .
“ It costs quite a lot of money to get on to your coaching courses , ” she says . The cost of training for a Uefa B licence , for example , is £1,000 ; for Uefa A is £5,000 . “ By the time you get to your A licence , that 's taking football very seriously . That 's you saying you want a job that 's going to repay [ the debt ] . Now , are there the jobs out there , the opportunities for women where you 're going to actually get something ? I 'm not sure .
“ I suppose it takes open-minded , brave chairmen and women to offer those opportunities . Because everyone wants that experience . When you look at the Premier League , if a team needs a manager it 's always the same names going round . So I think you have to be quite a strong person to offer a job to the new person . I know this is not what we 're talking about but it 's also the case with the number of black managers . There 's not enough black managers , there 's definitely not enough female managers . Why is that ? I do n't know , but those barriers need to be broken down . ”
As it stands , 29 women in England possess a Uefa A coaching licence . This compares with 1,484 men .
Yankey does not want positive discrimination and is firmly against token appointments – she would like a situation where the best candidate gets the job . Having more women with coaching credentials , she says , will help to establish a more level playing field .
Yankey left Arsenal last winter after 11 years and 151 appearances and currently has no club . Now 37 , she firmly insists she has not retired as a player . But hidden under the table across which we are talking is a complicating factor , the blooming bump containing her first child , due in August . Yankey says she has not made a decision about when she might return to the game but has had conversations with WSL clubs interested in taking her back .
Speaking with Yankey feels like talking to an Olympian or a footballer from an age well before academies and image rights . The way in which she approaches most questions about her career is simply to talk about the enjoyment the game has given her . It is a reminder that this is the same person who , at the age of eight , shaved off all her hair and called herself Ray so she could get a regular game when only boys ' teams were available . It is obvious she is also motivated by giving things back . And there is a sense that , despite all her trophies and accolades , Yankey feels she has not been able to do all she would have wanted to do in the pro game .
This is particularly the case with her international career which , after 129 caps , came to an abrupt end under Sampson in 2013 . “ I feel that I could have been given more of an opportunity to offer what I had as a footballer . Not just on the pitch but off it . I feel that I could have been offered more of an opportunity to give that to the team . But again , that 's the manager 's choice . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rachel Yankey in action for Arsenal against Manchester City in 2014 . Photograph : David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images
As much as Yankey is animated by football at the highest level , she is similarly passionate about what happens in the school playground . To change the perception of female coaches , she says , to change the perception of women 's football at the professional level , it is necessary that football is understood as a game for both sexes , and that starts with children .
“ There are many things we need to do to make sure that it 's seen as OK for females to play football , and seen as the norm for that to happen at an early age . The amount of parents I 've spoken to about Footy Pups where they have told me their son or daughter has gone out into the garden and the first footballer they have wanted to be been a female . That 's got to be a massive change .
England 's Euros adventure can deliver glory abroad and lasting impact at home Read more
“ But at the same time you hear some of the youngest kids say things like ‘ football is for boys and ballet is for girls ' . And I wonder : ‘ where have you got that from ? You must have got that information from somewhere … ' I think the governing body , the coaches , the school teachers , the parents , everybody has to play a part . It has to be done together , we all have to appreciate that football is a game for all and that anybody can play it . ”
That is not to say that different genders can not bring different qualities to the game . Despite several attempts , Yankey will not endorse my plan for a gender-neutral form of football . “ Once you get to a certain age men can kick the ball further , men can run faster . So no , not for me. ” But on the other hand , she believes that women coaches could bring more than just technical skills to some of those 92 football clubs that currently see fit to look elsewhere .
“ I think there are different ways to coach . I think there can be a different way of thinking , a different way of seeing things . Perhaps [ female coaches can bring ] more empathy . You 're talking to players and understanding what 's going on , how they 're feeling . As a manager you 've got so much pressure , maybe women handle pressure in a different way . I 'm not saying either is right or wrong . But I think there are different ways , so to have a coaching team that is diverse is surely better than everyone being the same . ”
To apply for a place in Betfair 's Fairer Game campaign , visit www.fairergame.com
Every member of the Jets ' active roster and practice squad participated in practice Thursday in Florham Park , raising coach Rex Ryan 's hopes that his team 's offense will ignite Sunday against the Oakland Raiders .
`` Expect everybody to play '' this weekend , Ryan said .
On the Jets injury report , Antonio Cromartie ( hip ) , Santonio Holmes ( foot , hamstring ) , Kellen Winslow ( knee ) and Muhammad Wilkerson were listed as limited during Thursday 's practice . For the first time since suffering a left elbow dislocation on Nov. 3 , Jeremy Kerley as a full participant .
Ryan particularly singled out Kerley , saying he looked `` outstanding . ''
Ryan said the Jets will monitor the health of Holmes ' right hamstring . The wide receiver injured the hamstring in Week 4 . After missing five games and returning on Nov. 17 , Holmes played two snaps last Sunday . He aggravated the injury last week in practice . The Jets will ration Holmes ' snaps this week so as not to irritate the injury .
`` There 's a fine line : How much do you push him ? '' Ryan said . `` But he 's been able to push through practice , unlike last week . ''
Ryan added of Holmes : `` He does n't look like he 's hobbled at all . ''
ATLANTA – One of the officers allegedly involved in a controversial arrest last week has been suspended for 20 days , officials confirm .
It 's comes after Atlanta Police officer Quinton Green was captured on video hitting a man , Rickey Williams , in the face while trying to place Williams in handcuffs . The video of the arrest , filmed by someone affiliated with the Black Lives Matter of Greater Atlanta group , was posted to Facebook and subsequently went viral .
In a statement following the announcement of the Green 's suspension , Atlanta Police Chief Erika Shields said she believed the `` manner in which the incident unfolded was avoidable '' because of the number of officers present . Her full statement read :
“ Policing can be a difficult job , even under the best of circumstances . When an individual chooses to resist arrest , it can be even more difficult , unappealing and sometimes ugly .
The Atlanta Police Department is committed to policing in a fair and equitable manner . When incidents such as these are brought to our attention , we have an obligation to review whether the use of force was reasonable by taking numerous factors into consideration .
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later .
Submit
In this case , I believe the manner in which the incident unfolded was avoidable , as the officer was not alone and had appropriate backup , allowing him to take a different approach to the arrest . That being said , having served as a street-level cop , I know from experience that mistakes are made when split second decisions are made .
The officer has accepted responsibility for his actions , and will receive a 20-day suspension . Further , the department will examine the practices of the unit as a whole , and ensure that adequate supervision is in place . Additional training will be required of all officers assigned to the zones who work in a plain clothes capacity to ensure that we are operating in a defensible space . ”
BACKGROUND
The 16-second video in question shows four Atlanta police officers and one suspect pinned to the pavement . The arrest from Thursday , June 22 allegedly happened at the corner of Broad and Alabama streets .
The video does n't provide any context about what led to the arrest , or what the suspect is accused of , but many on social media say those details do n't matter , just the action of the officer in the moment .
UPDATE | Incident report details what lead up to viral APD arrest video
“ Police officers have a legal right to use force to make an arrest if the arrest is lawful , ” said veteran criminal defense attorney Page Pate . “ But they can only use so much force as is required to make an arrest . Anything additional - punches to the face like we saw that in that video - may be excessive if it 's not absolutely necessary to arrest the person . ''
“ They had the guy on the ground , ” Pate said . “ He may not have completely been complying with all of their requests , but they had him completely under control . He posed a danger to no one .
“ From what I saw in the video , the officer was acting with excessive force . ”
Pate also said the suspect did not appear to be resisting arrest .
“ It did not appear he was trying to get away from the officers and it certainly did n't appear he was trying to harm them , ” Pate said .
Attorney Bill McKenney was a police officer for 10 years .
“ If you look closely the suspect already has a handcuff on , and already broken away from one of the officers who have pinned him down , ” McKenney said . “ You know there is a handcuff on him ; you know he is resisting what I consider is reasonable force to make him comply . ''
“ Once the suspect became active , that officer was allowed to use reasonable force , ” McKenney said . “ He did not club him ; he did not kick him . He used what is taught in the academy , which is a closed slap , to get compliance .
“ It 's a form of pain compliance and I did n't see unreasonable force . ”
`` Following the conclusion of the internal investigation , Chief Erika Shields will review the evidence therein to determine the appropriate disciplinary action , if any , '' police said in a statement . That discipline came in the form of the 20-day suspension .
Walter Football
Round 1 - Kevin Minter , ILB , LSU
- I would like to point out that Arthur Brown is still on the board here ... yuck .
Round 2 - Sylvester Williams , DT , North Carolina
- Not bad . I like Sly Williams and think he could do good things as a nose tackle in Houston ... except Arthur Brown is inexplicably still on the board .
Round 3 - Cobi Hamilton , WR , Arkansas
- I would argue that the Texans need a safety and possibly an OLB more than another WR , but that 's just me , I guess .
Round 4 - Hugh Thornton , OG , Illinois
- We already have future Hall of Famers Brandon Brooks and Ben Jones at guard right next to `` Pro Bowler '' Wade Smith . I 'm not sure why we need to rush any more people to Canton .
Drafttek
Round 1 - Desmond Trufant , CB , Washington
Mr. Trufant made hisself a suitcase full of money at the Senior Bowl , as the competitive Huskie CB jumped into drills to challenge the top WRs . This spirit did not escape coaches ' and scouts ' attentions alike , as this simulation vaults him into the 1st round . DC Wade Phillips likes to bring pressure to the opposing QB and put pressure on his defensive backfield in man-to-man coverage , which fits Trufant 's skill-set to a `` T '' as he excels in press coverage . ProFootballFocus ' grading format supports the old `` eye-ball test '' proving the weakness of the Texans ' defensive backfield , as only starting CB 's Kareem Jackson ( +13.2 ) , Johnathan Joseph ( +4.7 ) and FS Quintin Demps ( +2.3 ) had positive grades . In today 's pass-happy NFL , CBs are like closets in a house . . . you can never have enough of them on your roster and your top 3 ( and preferably 4 ) need to be starting material quality . Trufant also brings good size and an aggressive willingness to tackle to improve run support . This is excellent quality at a position of need for the Texans .
- I ... just ... what ? Demps was arguably the worst player on the entire team in 2012 , and BRB has done way more than enough intensive analysis to prove that . Adding another first round corner to what is already arguably the best duo in the NFL ( when healthy ) would almost redefine the word `` pointless . '' Glover Quin is a good free safety , and you can do a lot worse in the NFL than Danieal Manning at the strong safety position . Placing blame for the Texans ' defensive woes on anything but inside linebacker play and Quintin Demps at the dime safety position is essentially my litmus test for knowing if an analyst even watches this team play . Citing PFF as his only source of insight , and throwing another cornerback at the problem no less , immediately forces me to not take this mocker seriously at all . Oh , and I should mention that both Arthur Brown and Lane Johnson were still on the board here . Yikes .
Round 2- Tavarres King , WR , Georgia
Andre Johnson turns 32 this summer and begins his 11th NFL campaign ; alas , the propensity of injuries increases with age . To compound the matter , Kevin Walter ( who starts opposite Johnson ) also turns 32 this summer . Will Lestar Jean , Keyshawn Martin or DeVier Posey step up to the `` blue tees '' in 2013 ? I 'm not willing to place a wager on that happening , and ProFootballFocus agrees with me by producing the following offensive grades : Johnson ( +34.2 ) , Walter ( -2.1 ) , Jean ( -0.8 ) , Martin ( -5.8 ) and Posey ( -3.6 ) . Tavarres King recorded 42 receptions for 950 yards ( 22.6 ypc ) and 9 TDs during the 13 games of his 2012 season for the Bulldogs , and during Senior Bowl week , displayed the stop-start-go elusiveness to consistently make defenders miss and enough straight-line speed ( sub 4.5 forty ) to beat them over the top . King chops his feet to square off turns quickly , is fluid in his movements , and was the best at getting off press coverage among the South receivers . Good value in the 2nd round for the Texans .
- Again , I can understand why people would give Houston a WR . It 's not exactly our deepest position . At the same time , however , can you people please stop giving Andre Johnson 's age as a reason . The man just put up 1,600 yards , for Durga 's sake .
Round 3 - Corey Lemonier , DE/OLB , Auburn
- Players still on the board for this pick : Chase Thomas , Brandon Williams , D.J . Swearinger , Dallas Thomas , Da'Rick Rodgers . Come on , man .
Round 4 - Dion Sims , TE , Michigan State
- I 'll admit I have no idea how good Sims is , but we need a TE , so I 'm not too upset .
Round 5 - Denard Robinson , WR/QB/KR/PR/Swiss Army Knife , Michigan
- I 'm just putting this here for MDC to smile at .
NFLdraftscout
Round 1 - Tavon Austin , WR , WVU / Kevin Minter , ILB , LSU
- No , and no .
NFL.com
Round 1 - Tyler Eifert , TE , Notre Dame
- Clearly Gil Brandt is smoking something , because the Texans have a strict `` only draft tight ends from Wisconsin '' policy . T.J Watt ! Come on dooooooown !
FFtoolbox
Round 1 - Matt Elam , S , Florida
- But ... but .... Lane Johnson was right there .
Round 2 - Da'Rick Rodgers , WR , Tennessee Tech
- Hmm , still no linebackers . Curious .
FFtoolbox - Part Deux
Round 1 - Tavon Austin , WR , WVU
Could also go with Kevin Minter , ILB , LSU
- You guys ... seriously ... stop it .
FFtoolbox - Reloaded
Round 1 - Robert Woods , WR , USC
- WHAT DID I JUST SAY ?
Round 2 - Brennan Williams , OT , North Carolina
- Thank you . Finally some sense .
FFtoolbox - The Reckoning
Round 1 - Kevin Minter , ILB , LSU
- Aaaaand we 're back . I need a drink .
Round 2 - Robert Woods , WR , USC
Everyone wants Houston to draft a wide receiver early in this draft and I 'm in agreement . Woods could develop into a future No . 1 WR later in his career , making him the Reggie Wayne to Andre Johnson 's Marvin Harrison .
- No , not `` everyone , '' unless you count people that do n't have a clue what the Texans need as `` everyone '' , which is starting to look like a true possibility . Oh , and just for good measure , Khaseem Greene went one pick later .
FFtoolbox - The Last Stand
Round 1 - Matt Elam , S , Florida
Houston has quite a few players in the secondary set to become free agents this year , but even if those guys are resigned , they need an infusion of talent at safety . New England abused them twice this year with the short passes and long runs after the catch . The need someone who can be relied on to jump those routes or at least make tackles after the catch .
- Yes on needing a safety , no on all of your reasons why .
Round 2 - Robert Woods , WR , USC
Houston does n't have many needs but a 32 year old Andre Johnson is getting injured more and more as he ages . Woods has the big play ability , speed and athleticism to be a welcome addition to this offense .
- Am I being punked ?
Draftace
Round 1 - Keenan Allen , WR , Cal
Andre Johnson ca n't do it alone , especially at the age of 32 . The Texans need immediate help at receiver , but would also be wise to bring in a young prospect to learn behind Johnson . Allen , who is listed at 6 ' 3″ , needs to learn how to use his size before he 's ready to take over as the No.1 . But he 'll be in a perfect position to be groomed into that role in Houston .
- I like Allen a lot , but not when so many wonderful players at positions of need are left on the board . I feel like I could turn mentions of Andre Johnson 's age into a very dangerous drinking game .
Round 2 - Eric Reid , S , LSU
- Not a bad pick . We need a safety for dime , and here we get a safety for dime . I 'm not sure the writer realizes we need a safety for dime , but I 'll just assume he does and pretend that he knows stuff about this team . It 's easier that way .
NEPatritosdraft
Round 1 - Keenan Allen , WR , Cal
- Again , I really like Allen , but there 's a long list of players I would rather have at pick 27 .
Round 2 - Matt Elam , S , Florida
- I want to mention here for Tim that Alex Okafor is still on the board in this mock . Let that sink in , dearest Blogfather .
Round 3 - Michael Buchanan , DE , Illinois
- I know absolutely nothing about Buchanan , so I 'll reserve judgement .
Draftking
Round 1 - Jonathan Jenkins , NT , Georgia
Incumbent nose tackle Shaun Cody is slated to become an unrestricted free agent in March , and Jenkins would be worthy of consideration here . The stronger the Texans are at nose tackle , the more difficult it will be to gameplay against J.J. Watt .
- Someone buys this man a beer . Preferably anything but stale water Coors .
Rotoworld
Round 1 - DeAndre Hopkins , WR , Clemson
- I 'll take `` Lane Johnson is on the board '' for $ 200 , Alex .
So there you have it , BRB . There are still some other mocks out there , but to be quite honest I do n't think any of them will do any good . I guess we are just destined to draft a wide receiver in the first round , and we double-dog swear that none of these people will be wrong about this ... again . It 's gon na happen . I promise .
/drink .
Media coverage of the popular drugs collectively called “ Bath Salts ” has sparked a nationwide movement to ban the substances from retail stores , where they 've been sold legally for years . ( I 've covered the effects of the drugs in a previous post here . )
President Barack Obama signed a bill into law earlier this month that bans the sale , production and possession of more than two dozen of the most common bath salt drugs . Under the law , anyone convicted of selling , making or possessing 28 synthetic drugs , including bath salts , will face penalties similar to those for dealing traditional drugs like cocaine and heroin . That 's a good first step , but the reality is that creators of the drugs are far ahead of federal and state attempts to remove them from shelves .
By altering the chemical formulations in subtle ways , bath salt makers quickly create new substances that do n't fall under the criteria for being banned . Experts who have studied the problem estimate there are more than 100 different bath salt chemicals in circulation , according to the AP .
`` The moment you start to regulate one of them , they 'll come out with a variant that sometimes is even more potent , '' said Dr. Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse . AP News , July 25 , 2012
Bath Salts are created by both professional and amateur chemists , often by altering the composition of laboratory psychoactive substances like MDPV and mephedrone , two of the most popular drugs found in the crystallized powder pouches . The results are synthetic stimulants that affect neurotransmitters in the brain , often with unpredictable results -- especially if the drugs are mixed with other chemicals .
Along with the rise in media coverage , emergency room visits have also jumped : The American Association of Poison Control Centers received more than 6,100 calls about bath salt drugs in 2011 -- up from just 304 the year before -- and more than 1,700 calls in the first half of 2012 .
So why is it so hard to get these drugs off retail shelves ? Besides the ever-increasing number and variety of the drugs , the drugmakers have escaped legal scrutiny by simply printing “ Not for human consumption ” on the packaging .
That may seem like an obvious lie ( and it is ) , but it 's also been enough to keep many of these products in stores – particularly gas stations , truck stops and tobacco shops .
I 'd anticipate broader legislation in the offing that captures a wider range of criteria . Even then , do n't expect bath salts to go away ; there are a multitude of ways to buy them apart from retail stores , and a strong underground network circulating the drugs in every major US city .
You can find me on Twitter @ neuronarrative and at my website , The Daily Brain .
Reviews
“ Excellent VR party game that offers a large amount of adrenaline . After your run take a cold drink and watch your friends play . Suitable for absolutely everybody . One of the best VR games that are currently available . ”
8.5/10 points – VideoGamers
“ Excellent little shooter that scratches that `` I just want to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥and not think too much '' VR itch that I had not found in VR so far . This game is on my good list of VR games which is pretty short . I just ca n't get over how this game surprised me . ”
♥♥♥♥♥♥ – @ Dicky Rambo
“ I really enjoyed this game for what it is , and will use it to introduce folks to VR along with SuperHot and Space Pirate Trainer purely because it supports teleportation and allows them to see not all VR games are locked into one place . ”
shocked at how fun this game is – darthvargi
Last week , I called the Florida Democratic Party to request access to the voter file database and software known as VAN that is routinely used by Democratic candidates across the country .
I was told that our campaign would be denied access to this database because I am running against an incumbent Democrat , Debbie Wasserman Schultz . I was also told that any Democratic candidate running against an incumbent Democrat would be denied access — even a lifelong progressive challenging an out-of-touch incumbent .
This is unfair and undemocratic . My opponent already has untold advantages against an insurgent progressive campaign like ours . We are refusing to take corporate money , while she has taken millions of dollars from Wall Street bankers , payday lenders , private prison companies , and other corporate special interests . How much more of an advantage does Wasserman Schultz need to silence the voices of grassroots voters in our district ?
– Tim Canova , primary challenger to DNC head Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Liberty Blitzkrieg readers will be intimately familiar with the shenanigans of Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) head Debbie Wasserman Schultz . This so-called leader has spent much of the last year rigging the Democratic primary for Hillary Clinton in various ways , which have not gone unnoticed by an increasing number of progressives and liberals . From limited and awkwardly timed debates , to blocking access to voter data and a defense of the undemocratic superdelegate system , the behavior of Wasserman Schultz is mind-boggling in its shadiness .
Indeed , Wasserman Schultz is such a monumental fraud , she 's now facing a serious primary challenger in the person of Tim Canova . I touched on this unexpected battle earlier this year in the post , The DNC is “ Feeling the Bern ” – Debbie Wasserman Schultz Faces Serious Primary Challenge :
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has not had a great last couple of months . The Florida Congress member and embattled Democratic National Committee Chair has been repeatedly criticized for leading the committee both ineffectively and with a heavy hand , and for an alleged bias toward Hillary Clinton that has made the party 's presidential debates few and far between—one reason why the Republican candidates have dominated the political discussion . The progressive wing of the party base is volubly getting fed up with her . Now , if the increased calls for her to step down from her post as party head were n't enough , Wasserman Schultz is also facing the prospect of a tough primary challenge from the left . Liberal economist and longtime Wall Street–reform advocate Tim Canova announced last week that he will challenge Wasserman Schultz in the August 30 primary in Florida 's 23rd Congressional District . Touting a platform that closely mirrors Bernie Sanders 's , Canova hopes that the energy Sanders has roused nationally could work to his advantage in the South Florida district . Given Wasserman Schultz 's prominence , the primary could turn into a referendum pitting the progressive wing of the Democratic Party against its establishment wing , in much the way the ( successful ) primary challenge by another economist , Dave Brat , against then-House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was a test of strength between the Republicans ' factions . Over the years , says Canova , Wasserman Schultz has become less accountable to her district and more responsive to Wall Street . “ She 's become such a corporate Democrat ; she takes so much corporate money , ” Canova says . “ The way she talks the talk is n't the way she walks the walk . That kind of unaccountable power needs to be challenged . ”
It 's now time for an update , and it should come as no surprise that the master of rigging national primaries is also very good at rigging them closer to home…
As reported by the Broward Palm Beach New Times :
Florida congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz serves as chair of the Democratic National Committee . As such , she 's supposed to support Democratic candidates for office at all levels of government . But in December , she blocked Bernie Sanders ' campaign from accessing the DNC 's voter data files , which contain email addresses and telephone numbers for constituents . Wasserman Schultz was accused of playing favorites and intentionally tanking Sanders ' campaign to give an advantage to Hillary Clinton . Though Sanders sued and got the data he 'd sought , critics have since called for Wasserman Schultz 's head . Now , Tim Canova , a law professor at Nova Southeastern University who is running against Wasserman Schultz for her seat in Congress , found out that he too is blocked from accessing DNC voter data , even though he 's a Democrat . A state party executive told him last Friday that anyone running against an incumbent is not allowed to access that data . A committee spokesperson , Max Steele , confirmed to New Times via email that the Florida Democratic Party does not offer data access “ to candidates challenging incumbent members of Florida 's Democratic congressional delegation . This policy has been applied uniformly across the board since 2010 . We stand with our incumbent members of Congress and we 're proud of the job they do representing the people of Florida . The Voter File is proprietary software created and owned by the Democratic National Committee that is maintained and operated by the Florida Democratic Party here in state. ” Canova , who is running to fight political corruption , was incensed . “ This is exactly what 's animating my campaign , ” he said . Canova says he was told that if he were an incumbent , he 'd appreciate the policy . “ I said , ‘ I completely understand the need to protect incumbents from Republicans . But from other Democrats in a primary ? ' Why would the party take a side in that contest ? Democracy should be about having debate and contested elections . The better candidate should win , so to speak . ”
In case you have n't noticed , there 's not much democracy in the Democratic Party .
Canova , who lives in Hollywood , Florida , announced his run for office in January . He has basically usurped Sanders ' platform : Canova claims Wasserman Schultz has been corrupted by corporate donations . He is funding his campaign largely through small donations . If elected , he hopes to reform the nation 's largest banks .
Canova had some additional things to say , which he published in a Medium article titled , This is Unfair and Undemocratic :
Last week , I called the Florida Democratic Party to request access to the voter file database and software known as VAN that is routinely used by Democratic candidates across the country . I was told that our campaign would be denied access to this database because I am running against an incumbent Democrat , Debbie Wasserman Schultz . I was also told that any Democratic candidate running against an incumbent Democrat would be denied access — even a lifelong progressive challenging an out-of-touch incumbent . This is unfair and undemocratic . My opponent already has untold advantages against an insurgent progressive campaign like ours . We are refusing to take corporate money , while she has taken millions of dollars from Wall Street bankers , payday lenders , private prison companies , and other corporate special interests . How much more of an advantage does Wasserman Schultz need to silence the voices of grassroots voters in our district ? This is nothing less than an entrenched establishment throwing up roadblocks against our political revolution . We 've seen my opponent do this against Bernie 's presidential campaign and other progressive challengers . As head of the DNC , Wasserman Schultz has pushed strategies that suppress voter turnout , all to protect incumbents and establishment politicians . She has routinely defended the party 's use of Superdelegates to block the will of Democratic voters in state after state . All of this has made our party weaker and more vulnerable against Republicans in general elections , which is so painfully obvious with the Democratic Party 's losses in the midterm elections in the past six years — 13 Senate seats and 69 House seats , the biggest loss of congressional Democrats in modern political history . Bernie Sanders had to go so far as to sue Wasserman Schultz 's DNC in December to regain access to his own party 's voter database . As we continue to compile alternative voter databases from other sources , rest assured that we will not allow the establishment to weaken our campaign . We will overcome any obstacles and we will fight back .
Donate to Tim Canova 's campaign here .
For related articles , see :
The DNC is “ Feeling the Bern ” – Debbie Wasserman Schultz Faces Serious Primary Challenge
DNC Head Threatens to Kick Michigan Mayor Out of Debate for Cheering Bernie Sanders
The Democratic Party 's Civil War Escalates – DNC Chair Attacks Elizabeth Warren 's Reform Efforts
It 's Not Just the GOP – The Democratic Party is Also Imploding
In Liberty ,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins : Like this post ? Donate bitcoins : 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter .
What happens if a president refuses to “ take care that the laws be faithfully executed ” as required by Article II of the Constitution ? The Framers assumed that neither Congress nor the courts would tolerate such usurpation . In Federalist No . 48 , James Madison said power was “ so divided and balanced among several bodies … that no one could transcend their legal limits , without being effectually checked and restrained by the others. ” Madison 's confidence assumes a wayward president could be reversed by the courts , reigned in by Congress or — as a last resort — impeached . But what if none of these checks and balances works ? Americans may soon find out .
First , courts have limited ability to check a president 's failure to execute . The primary obstacle is “ standing , ” a doctrine that requires a plaintiff to have a concrete , personal injury in order to sue . Citizens ca n't file generic lawsuits to enforce the Constitution ; they must prove that the government has harmed them in a personal , palpable way .
When a president delays or exempts people from a law — so-called benevolent suspensions — who has standing to sue him ? Generally , no one . Benevolent suspensions of law do n't , by definition , create a sufficiently concrete injury for standing . That 's why , when President Obama delayed various provisions of Obamacare — the employer mandate , the annual out-of-pocket caps , the prohibition on the sale of “ substandard ” policies — his actions can not be challenged in court .
Similarly , when the president decided not to deport certain young people , not to prosecute most marijuana users , and rewrote the work requirement of welfare reform , courts can not rule on these acts ' constitutionality because no individual has suffered the personal harm required for standing . Sure , the Constitution and its separation of powers are tremendously harmed . But the Supreme Court has made clear such generalized societal harms wo n't suffice .
Congress probably ca n't sue the president , either . The Supreme Court has severely restricted so-called “ congressional standing , ” creating a presumption against allowing members of Congress to sue the president merely because he fails to faithfully execute its laws .
If courts ca n't be counted on to check the president , could n't Congress just enact another law reversing him , or even impeach him ? In today 's hyper-partisan climate , the answer appears to be no .
Even if the House passed a bill undoing presidential action — for example , a bill that declared , “ We do n't want individuals brought into this country illegally to be exempt from deportation , and we really , really mean it this time ” — the Democrat-controlled Senate would n't likely allow a vote on the measure . House Republicans passed a spending measure this fall to keep the government operating . But because the bill included a one-year delay in Obamacare — something the president threatened to veto — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid refused to even bring the bill to the floor .
Indeed , why should Congress even bother to legislate in the current environment ? If it somehow miraculously passed something the president opposed , it would be promptly vetoed , and getting two-thirds of both Houses of Congress to overrule his veto — particularly in the Senate — is as likely as a snowstorm in Miami .
Even when a congressional majority agrees with the president and passes a law the president signs , there 's little confidence he will faithfully execute the law as written . Why pass comprehensive immigration reform , for example , if it includes tight border security or deportation measures with which the president disagrees and may ignore ? As Congressman Paul Ryan put it , “ Here 's the issue that all Republicans agree on : We do n't trust the president to enforce the law. ” The president 's failure to faithfully execute has made Congress grind to a halt and with it , democracy itself .
If the president 's actions are so bad , why not just impeach him ? Presidential impeachment has occurred only three times . Reconstruction President Andrew Johnson narrowly escaped conviction after the House impeached him for firing the Secretary of War in contravention of the Tenure of Office Act . Richard Nixon resigned after being impeached for obstructing an investigation into the Watergate break-in , and using the IRS and other executive agencies to target political opponents . Bill Clinton was impeached for abusing the judicial process and executive power to cover up his extramarital relationships . The Democrat-controlled Senate acquitted him .
The one thing all three attempts at presidential impeachment share is this : An assertion that the president was failing to faithfully execute the laws . Each situation involved — to a greater or lesser degree — a president intent on ignoring or manipulating the law for his own political or personal advantage .
Has President Obama committed similarly serious acts ? Some Americans believe his unilateral changes to various laws and use of the IRS to target tea party and conservative groups are just as serious as Clinton 's , Nixon 's , or Johnson 's transgressions . But even assuming this is true and the House passed articles of impeachment , would two-thirds of Harry Reid 's Senate convict the first African-American president ? The question seems to answer itself .
Sadly , in the Washington of 2014 , partisanship trumps constitutional principles . While President Obama 's pattern of failing to execute laws is serious , the ability of courts and Congress to stop him is shockingly limited . The Framers relied on the other branches of government to jealously guard Congress 's prerogative to make laws and the president 's duty to faithfully execute those laws . Unfortunately , the Framers may have been wrong .
An interracial couple says they were assaulted outside a bar in Queens , New York , by a group of men who shouted racist and homophobic slurs . Billie and Jacob James-Vogel say they were leaving Billie 's birthday celebration early Saturday with a gay friend when the attack happened . Billie James-Vogel spoke to NY1 .
Billie James-Vogel : “ When I think about the slurs , the N word and the F word , it hurts . It hurts . It hurts . It breaks my heart . I see these guys rushing my husband , on top of my husband . I try to get them off of my husband . One of them grabs me and throws me to the ground . The back of my head bounces off the concrete sidewalk , and I black out . ”
New York City police have arrested one man on charges of assault and harassment . Anti-gay attacks appear to be on pace to double this year in New York City . The NYPD says it has investigated 68 bias attacks against LGBT people so far in 2013 , up from 54 in all of 2012 . The attacks include the killing of 32-year-old Mark Carson in Greenwich Village in May .
We 're pretty picky about how our food is packaged – choosing the wrong name , packaging color or logo can scare us away from a product . You 'd think that a food company would want to do some research to make sure that their product is n't ridiculed or does n't seem repulsive , but judging by these food name package design fails , some of these guys do n't seem to have gotten that memo .
Some of these are translation fails – we can only hope that that Chinese food company is n't selling shredded children and that it was actually a funny fail . Others , like the British faggots in sauce , seem odd only because modern slang has re-appropriated their names . Some , like the Australian Gaytime ice cream , have even embraced their funny names .
Everybody makes mistakes , so , if you ever see any of these worst names for foods , give them another shot . You wo n't be a slut just because you eat Soup For Sluts . Heterosexual men need not fear the Homo Sausage – do n't judge it until you 've tried it . And Ayds candies sporting a very inappropriate food pun probably wo n't make you sick ( unless you eat way too many of them ) .
Now , scroll down for our picks of funny foods and food memes below ! Bon appétit !
Image credits : twitowie
Image credits : Bill Greyskull
Image credits : moonglampers
Image credits : psit
Image credits : Duncan WJ Palmer
Image credits : sajuma
Image credits : victor_lee
Image credits : mrtruffle
Image credits : jugger-naut
Image credits : javiersanagustin
Image credits : velouria !
Image credits : unknown
Image credits : thesun.co.uk
Image credits : sparky-mead
Image credits : istolethetv
Image credits : sa_steve
Image credits : Rhea C .
Image credits : imgur.com
Image credits : weknowmemes.com
Image credits : tombland
Image credits : trulik.sk
Image credits : buzzfeed.com
Image credits : unknown
Image credits : thelotusforums.com
Image credits : unknown
An unexpected legal twist has sent a Pinal County sexual assault suspect back to jail .
Tyler Kost was 18 years old when he was arrested in 2014 , accused of sexually assaulting 13 girls between the ages of 12 and 17 . Kost was a student at Poston Butte High School in San Tan Valley at the time of the arrest .
Last month , a judge ruled there was no evidence to show Kost was a threat to the community and released him on electronic surveillance while awaiting his trial in February .
Now , a month after his release , his parents tell ABC15 that Kost was asked to return to jail Friday night .
For now , his parents have posted a statement on social media saying , `` the legal system is beyond broken . ''
ABC15 has reached out to Kost 's attorneys for more information .
Kost is due back in court next week .
A few friends are on my Christmas gift list , where I send them ten of the books I have most enjoyed reading in the year , wrapped in brown paper , string and ceiling wax , from Mr. B 's Bookshop in Bath . This year these were my ten gift books .
A Legacy of Spies John Le Carré
The Golden House Salman Rushdie
Dead is Good Jo Perry
An Officer and a Spy Robert Harris
The Comedians Graham Greene
Prussian Blue Philip Kerr
How To Build a Universe Professor Brian Cox and Robin Ince
The Hand Georges Simenon .
The Bomb Maker by Thomas Perry would have made it but of course it 's only just now in the shops .
Happy New Year and have a great year of reading .
December
The Second World War Antony Beevor
I spent most of the month reading this great narrative of World War Two . Then I found… .
Blitzed Norman Ohler
A most wonderful read and a really informative book especially right after reading Anthony Beevor 's World War Two where I was constantly asking myself how could anybody do this . Here is the answer . They become a junkie . Crystal meth , amphetamine , coke , morphine , half the Supreme Command was on something , and Hitler was on everything . At the end his doctor/dealer could hardly find a vein . The German army , navy and pilots were fed amphetamine to stay awake . Blitzkrieg ? How did the army move so fast and without stopping ? Easy : Pervitin , a form of speed manufactured in enormous quantities by Merck to keep the armies rolling and the factories churning . Why did the army stop and not continue their charge to obliterate the English at Dunkirk ? Hitler gave a stoner command ! How did he condemn an entire Army to die at Stalingrad ? Crystal meth . Locked away in his bunkers he felt invincible . Possessed of superpowers . This is an important book to read and solves some of the many puzzles about the war . You can even begin to feel slightly sorry for the Germans , especially at the end when kids were given speed to help them face the Red Army . Ironically , much of the stuff was grown at Dachau . Oh the unspeakable ironies of History . This is also downright fucking hilarious . The picture of the Fuhrer at the end in his bunker , strung out , suffering from withdrawal symptoms , drooling , shaking with reality finally breaking in is just wonderful . We should check the Doctors of our leaders .
Just saying…
Maigret 's Revolver Georges Simenon
Another very fine tale from the Master of Maigret . He is a constant bright spot in the months reading .
Regards John Gregory Dunne
I very much enjoyed these excellent essays . He is particularly good on the film industry and the horrors of being a screenwriter . In fact I enjoyed him so much I turned to :
Monster John Gregory Dunne
which I enjoyed all of . I also bought three of his novels at Iliad but then realized I had already read :
Red White and Blue . John Gregory Dunne
And I was n't knocked out by the other two . Too Irish too Catholic too much dialogue .
Nothing Lost John Gregory Dunne
True Confession . John Gregory Dunne
The thriller element is potentially very good but nothing much happens while they talk and talk . And Apostolic intrigue is not interesting , not even when Trollope did it .
Tell Tale Jeffery Archer
Each year the surprisingly nice Jeffery sends me his latest book , and last year he said sadly that I never read them . It 's not true . This year I had seen and bought this book of short stories before I even opened my mail . I enjoyed them very much . He is a real writer , not just an enormous world-wide best-selling author ! That 'll teach me to be a book snob .
The Rise and Fall of Adam and Eve Stephen Greenblatt
My old friend Stephen warned me that I would n't like this book , but I read and enjoyed a lot more than he would expect .
How to Build a Universe Professor Brian Cox & Robin Ince
Despite a very churlish intro from me this is a wonderful book . They have made it as simple as possible to understand as much as possible about the Universe and I really recommend it to everyone .
The doctors finally let Rosaria Vandenberg go home .
For the first time in months , she was able to touch her 2-year-old daughter who had been afraid of the tubes and machines in the hospital . The little girl climbed up onto her mother 's bed , surrounded by family photos , toys and the comfort of home . They shared one last tender moment together before Vandenberg slipped back into unconsciousness .
Vandenberg , 32 , died the next day .
That precious time at home could have come sooner if the family had known how to talk about alternatives to aggressive treatment , said Vandenberg 's sister-in-law , Alexandra Drane .
Instead , Vandenberg , a pharmacist in Franklin , Mass. , had endured two surgeries , chemotherapy and radiation for an incurable brain tumor before she died in July 2004 .
`` We would have had a very different discussion about that second surgery and chemotherapy . We might have just taken her home and stuck her in a beautiful chair outside under the sun and let her gorgeous little daughter play around her - not just torture her '' in the hospital , Drane said .
Americans increasingly are treated to death , spending more time in hospitals in their final days , trying last-ditch treatments that often buy only weeks of time , and racking up bills that have made medical care a leading cause of bankruptcies .
More than 80 percent of people who die in the United States have a long , progressive illness such as cancer , heart failure or Alzheimer 's disease .
More than 80 percent of such patients say they want to avoid hospitalization and intensive care when they are dying , according to the Dartmouth Atlas Project , which tracks health care trends .
Yet the numbers show that 's not what is happening :
-The average time spent in hospice and palliative care , which stresses comfort and quality of life once an illness is incurable , is falling because people are starting it too late . In 2008 , one-third of people who received hospice care had it for a week or less , says the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization .
-Hospitalizations during the last six months of life are rising : from 1,302 per 1,000 Medicare recipients in 1996 to 1,441 in 2005 , Dartmouth reports . Treating chronic illness in the last two years of life gobbles up nearly one-third of all Medicare dollars .
`` People are actually now sicker as they die , '' and some find that treatments become a greater burden than the illness was , said Dr. Ira Byock , director of palliative care at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center . Families may push for treatment , but `` there are worse things than having someone you love die , '' he said .
Gail Sheehy , author of the `` Passages '' books , learned that as her husband , New York magazine founder Clay Felker , spent 17 years fighting various cancers . On New Year 's Day 2007 , they waited eight hours in an emergency room for yet another CT scan until Felker looked at her and said , `` No more hospitals . ''
`` I just put a cover over him and wheeled him out of there with needles still in his arms , '' Sheehy said .
Then she called Dr. R. Sean Morrison , president of the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine and a doctor at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York .
`` Nobody had really sat down with them about what his choices are and what the options were , '' said Morrison , who became his doctor .
About a year later , Felker withdrew his own feeding tube , and `` it enabled us to go out and have a wonderful evening at a jazz club two nights before he died '' in July 2008 , Sheehy said .
Doctors ca n't predict how soon a patient will die , but they usually know when an illness has become incurable . Even then , many of them practice `` exhaustion medicine '' - treating until there are no more options left to try , said Dr. Martha Twaddle , chief medical officer of Midwest Palliative & Hospice Care Center in suburban Chicago .
A stunning number of cancer patients get aggressive care in the last days of their lives , she noted . One large study of Medicare records found that nearly 12 percent of cancer patients who died in 1999 received chemo in the last two weeks of life , up from nearly 10 percent in 1993 .
Guidelines from an alliance of leading cancer centers say patients whose cancer has spread should stop getting anti-cancer medicine if sequential attempts with three different drugs fail to shrink their tumors . Yet according to IntrinsiQ , a cancer data analysis company , almost 20 percent of patients with colorectal cancer that has spread are on at least their fourth chemotherapy drug . The same goes for roughly 12 percent of patients with metastatic breast cancer , and for 12 percent of those with lung cancer . The analysis is based on more than 60,000 cancer patients .
Often , overtreating fatal illnesses happens because patients do n't want to give up .
Saideh Browne said her mother , Khadija Akmal-Lamb , wanted to fight her advanced ovarian cancer even after learning it had spread to her liver . The 55-year-old Kansas City , Mo. , woman had chemo until two weeks before she died last August .
`` She kept throwing up , she could n't go to the bathroom , '' and her body ached , Browne said . The doctors urged hospice care and said , `` your mom was stubborn , '' Browne recalled . `` She wanted her chemo and she wanted to live . ''
Browne , who lives in New York , formed a women 's cancer foundation in her mother 's honor . She said she would encourage dying cancer patients to choose comfort care over needless medicine that prolongs suffering .
It 's easier said than done .
The American way is `` never giving up , hoping for a miracle , '' said Dr. Porter Storey , a former hospice medical director who is executive vice president of the hospice group that Morrison heads .
`` We use sports metaphors and war metaphors all the time . We talk about never giving up and it 's not over till the fat lady sings .... glorifying people who fought to their very last breath , '' when instead we should be helping them accept death as an inevitable part of life , he said .
This is especially true when deciding whether to try one of the newer , extremely expensive cancer drugs such as Avastin , Erbitux and Tarceva . Some are touted as `` improving survival by 30 or 50 percent '' when that actually might mean living three weeks or months longer instead of two .
`` It 's amazing how little benefit those studies show , '' Storey said , referring to research on the new drugs .
Dan Waeger tried just about all of them . A nonsmoker , he was diagnosed with lung cancer at age 22 , and pursued treatment after treatment before dying nearly four years later , in March 2009 .
`` He decided if there were odds to be beat , he was going to beat the odds , '' said his boss , Ellen Stovall , then-president of the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship , where Waeger worked as a fundraiser and development manager .
`` He received just about every experimental new drug for lung cancer that I 'm aware of in his last two years of life . He would get a treatment on a Friday afternoon , be sick all weekend and come to work on Monday , '' she recalled .
`` He had these horrific rashes . He would get these horrible coughs that were not just the lung cancer . The treatments were making him cough up blood , just horrific side effects - vertigo , numbness , tingling in his hands and feet . He suffered . ''
Waeger 's fiancee , Meg Rodgers , said they worried about exceeding the lifetime limits on his insurance , since the care was so expensive .
`` I think every time he got a treatment , it was $ 10,000 , '' though he paid only a $ 10 copay , she said .
Yet it was clearly worth any price to him - he died a week before they were to be married , after receiving home hospice care for only two weeks .
`` I honestly believe he would have done anything he could to live one more day , '' Rodgers said .
Some health policy groups say cancer patients , as well as people with failing hearts or terminal dementia , should get better end-of-life counseling . Last year , a plan that would have let Medicare pay for doctors to talk about things like living wills was labeled `` death panels '' and was dropped .
Ultimately , how patients and their families make the journey is a matter of personal choice - and there are resources to help them , Stovall said .
`` I 've heard a lot of people over the years say what they would do if they had cancer until it is them . And then they will cling to even the smallest glimmer that something will help , '' she said .
`` Cancer that ca n't be cured is often called daunting but not hopeless . So that 's what patients hear . Hope is the last thing to go . People do n't give that up easily . ''
Ghiotto loses victory
Luca Ghiotto has lost the win in this afternoon 's feature race at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza after the race stewards judged him to have gained an advantage after exceeding track limits at the first chicane on the last lap of the race , handing the Italian a 5 second penalty for his actions .
On the final lap Ghiotto was fighting with Nyck De Vries for the lead of the race , but slid wide at the Variante del Rettifilo : the Italian cut the corner before rejoining the circuit , while behind him De Vries and Charles Leclerc came together , with the Monegasque driver running wide and the Dutchman picking up a puncture .
The stewards judged that Ghiotto gained an advantage from the move , and have handed him a 5 second time penalty as well as stripping him of the fastest lap : Antonio Fuoco was promoted to the victory , ahead of Nobuharu Matsushita and Nicholas Latifi , with Ghiotto now classified 4th .
The remaining classified points positions are for Sean Gelael in P5 ahead of Sergio Sette Camara , Louis Deletraz , Gustav Malja in P8 for the reverse pole , Artem Markelov and Jordan King . Latifi also collects the points for fastest lap .
Alexander Albon was also given a time penalty after the stewards judged him to have caused a collision with Norman Nato on the final lap : the Thai driver , who crossed the line in P5 , had 10 seconds added to his time for a classification of 14th .
De Vries also collected a penalty after the stewards judged him to have caused a collision with Leclerc out of the first chicane on the final lap : the Dutchman , who did n't finish the race due to the puncture he collected in the collision , was given a drive through penalty , which was converted into a 20 seconds time penalty .
Share . Exclusive : An atmospheric survival-horror title built just for Wii that never saw the light of day . Exclusive : An atmospheric survival-horror title built just for Wii that never saw the light of day .
About two years ago , development studio n-Space ( Call of Duty DS , Geist ) showed us its then-in-development Wii-exclusive survival –horror game , Winter . The title , which seemed rooted in efforts like Silent Hill , stood out at the time for a couple reasons . First , it was a Wii project that dealt with a subject matter typically deemed mature by videogame standards : a dark storyline that revolved around an isolated heroine in the middle of a mysterious snowstorm , spooky backdrops and gruesome characters and , of course , violence . And second , it looked good , pushing Wii from a technical standpoint when so many third-parties treated the system with less respect than they did GameCube . Even today , it looks better than a lot of Wii games – impressive for a concept created so quickly by such a small team .
But for so many reasons that the developer talks about below , Winter was not to be -- not due to any major shortcomings on the game 's part , but rather the restrictions imposed upon the Wii market by third-party publishers simply unwilling to take a gamble on a more traditional project . Today , IGN presents to you the first look at the in-limbo game complete with details about its origins and development from n-Space president Dan O'Leary and studio creative director Ted Newman , first-ever art , screenshots and direct-feed gameplay footage .
One of the creepy monsters in the game . IGN : What is the premise behind Winter ?
Ted : The basic premise revolves around an unnatural snowstorm that has settled over a small town in the Midwest , effectively closing it off from the outside world . The main character , Mia , begins the game inside a wrecked ambulance with no recollection of how she got there . As she treks off towards the small town , she starts to see signs of something monstrous that is traveling with the storm .
At first the player is tasked with simply keeping Mia alive , and this involves sheltering her from the ever decreasing temperature and the rising level of snow . We wanted to challenge the player to think , `` What would I do in this situation ? Where would I go to get warm ? How would I start a fire or create heat with limited resources ? '' Soon we learn that Mia has some connection to the storm itself and the creatures that begin to appear . Meanwhile the entire town is being transformed by snow and ice - doors that were previously accessible are now blocked , forcing her to climb through second story windows or walk on rooftops . The snowstorm is as big an enemy as anything in the game and ultimately we find out what IT is and why it is here .
IGN : How did the concept come about ?
Ted : Winter started with Erick Dyke , our late President , wanting to take the survival horror genre and return it to its roots . Lately the genre seemed more about action and combat and less about actual `` surviving . '' What could we do to take the genre back to basics while adding some new twists - and specifically what could we do to make this compelling on the Wii ?
To check out Winter in action , click the video link above .
From there we talked about taking the setup of a single character alone in extreme circumstances , struggling to stay alive and adding another layer of survival on top . So what if it 's really cold and getting colder by the minute ? The company as a whole fell in love with this idea and immediately came up with all kinds of ways to keep a character warm - using the Wii controller to spark a fire and light some oily rags , finding the keys to an abandoned vehicle to start the engine and run the heater , or cutting open the belly of a dead creature and crawling inside - basically things we had n't quite done in a game before . Immersing the player into the world was a big part of the experience for us , which is why we went with the direction of no HUD and lots of interaction . We planned to load the game up with as much real world interactivity as possible . If the player walks into a room and sees a whole set of drawers and cabinets , they should be able to search them all . If I 'm fighting for my life , what in this room would I use as a weapon ? I could grab the broomstick and beat things with it , but maybe it 's better to break it first and stab creatures instead . This is the kind of choices we wanted to put in front of the player .
For all interactions , the Wii Remote and Nunchuck became extensions of the player 's hands . To open a door , the player points at the handle with the Remote , pinches the A and B buttons , and pulls it open . If I 'm worried about what 's behind the door , I can pull it open slowly to peek inside first .
This wolf fight shows off the game 's advanced lighting effects .
Each tool the player finds takes advantage of the unique nature of the Wii Controllers . For example , the flashlight will flicker at times , requiring players to tap the Wii Remote against their hands until it starts working properly . Other examples include a flare that needs to be cracked open with a sharp movement of the Remote , or a glowstick the player cracks and shakes in order to bring it to full intensity . Using simple gestures that make sense was a big part of our design .
So yea , this is a deck that gives your opponent choices . It was a challenge to find these type of cards because of the wording on them and I 'm sure I missed other choice cards out there . So if anyone has any suggestions , please throw in a comment = )
7/27/2017 - So a quick update . I have n't been keeping up to date with my decks and replies because unfortunately my most fun and entertaining decks were stolen , including this one T.T After that , I could n't bring myself to start over , so I liquidated my remaining collection and ended my MTG journey . I was honestly thinking of doing this before some of my decks were stolen , but this would have been the deck to keep no matter what .
I might remake this deck at some point when I have extra funds just to have a fun deck whenever I run into another player , but for now I 'll take a back seat .
As for this deck and any edits moving forward . I 'll probably leave it as is and put any new cards I feel fit the theme into the `` Maybeboard '' . I know some suggestion might make a better deck overall , but since I do n't have this deck anymore , I 'm going to have this deck as a template for creative minds to improve on = )
Getty Images
A year ago at Super Bowl media day , Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch played peek-a-boo with reporters , using a side entrance to make a late arrival and an early getaway .
This year , the NFL put him on a podium for a tougher escape , probably as the league 's reminder they set the rules .
Lynch showed up and did his part . Our guy Curtis Crabtree was in the best position to hear this nothing , as Lynch gave the same answer to all the early questions .
“ I 'm just here so I wo n't get fined , ” he said repeatedly .
Lynch left after less than five minutes , making the appropriate gesture of whatever it is he 's trying to prove .
It really does n't have to be that hard . Lynch was able to make a promotional video for candy , but he ca n't talk to the people who want to hear from him on other matters .
USA defender Erik Palmer-Brown might be loaned out to Belgium as he develops with Manchester City . ( Photo : Getty Images )
After capturing Erik Palmer-Brown earlier this year , it appears that Manchester City is set to loan out the young American star as he transitions to Europe .
Metro broke the story in the fall that Palmer-Brown had signed with Manchester City , the club that currently is topping the English Premier League . The 20-year old center back has created some buzz in recent years as a future starter for the United States national team , something that has been validated by his limited appearances with Sporting Kansas City in MLS .
And now with his arrival at Manchester City fast approaching , Metro has learned that the English giants will be sending him on loan to a club in Holland .
According to a source , PSV Eindhoven has emerged as the likely destination for Palmer-Brown . The source tells Metro that PSV is the likely landing spot right now for Palmer-Brown once he arrives in January .
The Philips Stadion club is always among the top teams in a very good Dutch league . Speculation had placed the player at fellow Dutch side NAC Breda although it appears that PSV is now the favorites for the loan deal .
The move to Holland should afford Palmer-Brown the chance to compete for immediate playing time given PSV 's crowded fixture schedule including European competition . There should be matches for him to make an impact and continue his learning curve .
Palmer-Brown wo n't be the only prominent American on loan from an English club in Holland . Fellow center back Matt Miazga , signed by Chelsea last year , is standing out for Vitesse in his second loan in Holland .
Country music legend Charlie Daniels came to the defense of babies in the womb on Thursday , calling on cities to create “ sanctuaries ” for the unborn just like they are for illegal immigrants .
Daniels , the Grammy award winner best known for his song “ Devil Went Down to Georgia , ” posted the statement Thursday on Twitter , according to Breitbart .
Daniels has been a vocal advocate for unborn babies ' right to life and other conservative political views for years , according to Fox News . The 80-year-old is set to release a new memoir later this year .
On Thursday , he wrote , “ How about some cities declaring themselves a sanctuary for the unborn and refuse to abide by the federal laws allowing abortion . ”
How about some cities declaring themselves a sanctuary for the unborn and refuse to abide by the federal laws allowing abortion . — Charlie Daniels ( @ CharlieDaniels ) March 30 , 2017
SUPPORT PRO-LIFE NEWS ! Please help LifeNews.com with a donation
In 2013 , Daniels also wrote an essay on his website that described his pro-life position .
“ Yes God knows us in every stage of our lives from conception to death and only He has the right to decide when His creations leave this life , ” Daniels wrote .
Later , he continued , “ There are a lot of people who will tell you it 's immoral to end the life of a murderous monster , guilty of the most heinous crimes who society has sentenced to death who see absolutely nothing wrong with killing a totally innocent unborn baby . ”
It is rare to find a celebrity who supports the right to life for babies in the womb , but Daniels is not alone . Patricia Heaton and Kelsey Grammar also have been vocal advocates against abortion , along with Ben Stein , Stacey Dash , Kevin Sorbo , and NFL football stars Matt Birk , Tim Tebow and others .
President Donald Trump with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Vice President Mike Pence at the GOP retreat in Philadelphia last month . Congressional Republicans are letting slide a slew of Trump 's executive orders , a courtesy not afforded former President Barack Obama . ( Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call )
By REMA RAHMAN And JOHN T. BENNETT
The day after former President Barack Obamadelivered his 2016 State of the Union address , Rep. Jason Chaffetz penned a letter chastising the commander in chief 's use of executive orders without working with Congress .
“ It is unilateral , overreaching and unconstitutional , ” the Utah Republican wrote . “ Left unchecked , it is behavior that undermines , and will ultimately erode , the foundation of our democracy and our freedom . ”
Rep. Tom Cole , an Oklahoma Republican , decried in June 2015 an executive order by Obama that expanded a program that allowed children of undocumented immigrants and their parents a path to avoid deportation .
With the loss of the Democrats ' Senate majority , Cole wrote , Obama 's “ arrogant answer will be to bypass Congress and act alone . ”
Cole called it “ temper tantrum-like behavior ” and berated the “ my-way-or-the-highway attitude . ”
But many of the same Republicans who spent the Obama years hurling attacks over his use of executive orders have made an about-face under the Trump administration and its use of the same mechanism to bypass the legislative branch .
“ Most of these orders relate right now to the executive branch , and I do n't think he 's trying to legislate through them , ” Cole said last week . “ If our Democratic friends think that they 'll do what we did — they 'll take him to court and they 'll win some and they 'll lose some . ”
Chaffetz , the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , agreed .
“ So far , no , ” he said last Thursday of possible overreach by the Trump administration . “ [ On ] many of these issues , Congress will also need to pass legislation but the shortcut that Barack Obama was trying to take was , I think , ill-advised . ”
Trump is looking to make good on campaign promises by issuing an array of executive actions since the evening he entered the White House on Jan. 20 .
In January , Trump signed the same number of executive actions that Obama signed the same month before he left office , a total of seven .
That 's separate from at least 11 presidential memorandums Trump has signed since taking office .
[ Trump Reverses Obama , Approves Keystone and Dakota Pipelines ]
Missouri Republican Sen. Roy Blunt said the issue GOP members had with Obama was not only the content of the orders but the amount he was able to push through .
“ We 're not going to be happy with every executive order that any president issues , but the concern with Obama was the unbelievable volume of executive orders , in particular , those issues that even after the election when the country decided they wanted a different president , ” Blunt said .
Obama signed a total of 276 executive orders during his two terms as president . His predecessor , Republican George W. Bush , surpassed that number , signing 291 orders during his eight years , according to the American Presidency Project . Both issued fewer than Republican Ronald Reagan , who signed 381 orders during his two-terms .
So far , Trump 's unilateral actions have been largely embraced by GOP members in the House and Senate . Only a contentious order that halted travel to the U.S. for nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries was rebuffed — albeit , lightly — but mostly for how it was rolled out and the lack of communication with Congress and Cabinet officials beforehand .
Even House Speaker Paul D. Ryan admitted he learned of the order only after it was issued . There were also reports that congressional staffers on the Judiciary Committee worked on the order with Trump transition officials .
The chairman of that committee , Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia , refused to answer questions about a report that said his staff signed nondisclosure agreements to avoid talking about the work they were doing — an unprecedented move that blurs the lines of separation of powers .
Rep. Mark Meadows , a North Carolina Republican and chairman of the House Freedom Caucus said so far , he does n't perceive Trump 's use of executive orders as a problem .
“ I 'm one that will hold not only the Obama administration accountable for overreach but also this administration , ” said Meadows , who also sits on the Oversight panel . “ The executive orders to date have been truly the purview of the executive branch , and I do n't see where it has encroached on Congress ' authority at this point . ”
For Democrats , the double-standards abound .
“ I 'm not a big fan of hypocrisy , ” House Minority Whip Steny H. Hoyer said . “ When you criticize the Obama administration for doing something , Trump does exactly the same thing and you do n't criticize it , it is hypocrisy . ”
Hoyer 's fellow Maryland Democrat Elijah E. Cummings , the ranking member on the Oversight Committee , agreed .
“ They are letting him do what he will , ” Cummings said of congressional Republicans . “ The American people will make them pay for it . ”
Using language remarkably similar to his predecessor , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said last Wednesday that Trump will do what he can via executive orders on issues like refugee vetting , visas and securing the country 's borders . But he is willing to work with Congress if passing legislation is possible .
Some Republicans said the confusion surrounding the immigration executive order should be a lesson that the president should think about slowing down .
“ He 's getting in too big of a hurry in a lot of things , and I think that 's a problem that he has sometimes , ” Oklahoma Republican Sen. James M. Inhofe said . “ He 's anxious . ”
Inhofe , like others , predicted that Trump 's relationship with the Republican-controlled Congress will be promising . But before that , he expects the 45th president will follow through on his vow to use executive actions to undo Obama-era policies .
Inhofe said he expects the new president will bypass Congress when he determines he must , but he doubts his party will cry foul as it did when Obama did so .
“ Sure , ” he replied with a grin , when asked if Republicans will support Trump 's executive actions . “ We 've got a different crowd in there now . ”
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android .
Kathy Lette thinks marriage can still be slave labour , while Jenni Murray wants affordable childcare . The list of demands for women is long – so what 's top of your list ?
Kathy Lette
Kathy Lette . Photograph : FilmMagic
It seems to me that a woman who calls herself a `` post- feminist '' has kept her Wonderbra and burned her brains . Women in the west still do n't have equal pay – in Britain we 're getting 75p in the pound , and we get concussion hitting our heads on the glass ceiling , plus we 're expected to clean it while we 're up there . Would n't it be wonderful if our daughters could live in a world where it 's men who angst over how they 're going to juggle kids and career ? I do n't want my daughter 's wedding vows to read , `` To Love , Hoover and Obey '' . The enlistment of labour on a subsistence basis is now forbidden in Britain , except in one state – the holy state of matrimony .
But if it 's bad enough for us , what of our less advantaged sisters in the developing world ? In the developing world , women are fed last and least . One woman dies every minute in childbirth . I hope that during my own daughter 's lifetime , women in the developing world have access to education , nutrition and contraception . Copulation equals population . With no contraception , girls are little more than a life-support system to their ovaries . By playing ovarian roulette , they become runners-up in the human race . An unplanned pregnancy means joining a giant Missing Persons Bureau . And who is missing ? The girl with potential – the girl she was BC ( Before Childbirth ) .
On International Women 's Day , it 's good to remember that women are each other 's human Wonderbras – uplifting , supportive and making each other look bigger and better .
Kathy Lette , novelist , is an ambassador for Plan International and the White Ribbon Alliance
Jenni Murray
Jenni Murray . Photograph : Christopher Thomond for the Guardian
When the Women 's Liberation Movement formulated its list of seven demands in the early 1970s , I was a very young woman full of hope that I would be able to have a career and a family and that there would be 24-hour free childcare as the `` sisters '' said there must be . There was n't . We had to juggle our way through it ; a nanny when they were babies and then Him Indoors giving up his work to take care of the boys as a full-time father .
And now , as the cost of childcare rockets – rising above the rate of inflation – `` having it all '' gets even harder . So my wish for this generation of hopeful young women is affordable , quality care for their kids . ( Yes , I 've become more pragmatic with age . It should be free , but I know it wo n't be ! )
Jenni Murray is a journalist and regular presenter of Radio 4 's Woman 's Hour
Image caption Garry Conille has only been in the post since October 2011
The prime minister of Haiti , Garry Conille , has resigned after a power struggle within the government .
His resignation is likely to set back efforts to re-build the country after the January 2010 earthquake which devastated the capital Port-au-Prince .
He was President Michel Martelly 's third nomination when appointed in October , ending a long stalemate .
For several weeks there have been reports of power struggles that prompted the UN to intervene .
On Thursday Mariano Fernandez , the special representative of the UN secretary general in Haiti , said there were `` repeated crises '' between the parliament , president and prime minister .
`` [ These ] undermine the proper functioning of the institutions and the democratic process , '' he said .
So far President Martelly has not announced any replacement or caretaker prime minister .
UN experience
One of the issues causing division was a parliamentary commission investigating the nationality of government ministers .
Many officials in Haiti and elsewhere in the Caribbean spend considerable time overseas .
The commission is investigating whether some senior administration officials have dual citizenship , which is prohibited under the constitution .
Mr Conille originally trained as a doctor and had previously worked with the UN .
He was an aide to former US President Bill Clinton when he was a UN envoy to Haiti .
When Mr Conille took office he pledged to create thousands of jobs by attracting foreign investment to help rebuild the country .
Photos , video taken by sheriff 's deputies go viral
A baby northern saw-whet owl stands on Rainbow Lakes Road near Nederland on July 21 as Boulder County sheriff 's Deputy Sophie Berman takes a photo . The photos of the small , fuzzy owl taken by the sheriff 's office have gone viral . See video of the owl at dailycamera.com . ( Courtesy of Boulder County Sheriff 's Office )
When people bring up `` the Boulder County owl , '' nobody 's asking `` Who ? '' anymore .
A fluffy little owl photographed and videotaped last week staring down a Boulder County sheriff 's deputy outside Nederland has become a worldwide Internet star , with the pint-sized bird appearing all over social media and on the websites of Time , Mashable , the U.K. 's Daily Mail and many more .
A baby northern saw-whet owl stands on Rainbow Lakes Road near Nederland on July 21 . ( Courtesy of Boulder County Sheriff 's Office )
One tweet by a webmaster in India that featured the photos was retweeted more than 13,000 times — despite placing the baby owl in the Netherlands rather than Nederland .
`` It 's pretty surprising and pretty impressive , '' said Boulder sheriff 's Deputy Dan Walter , who photographed the owl . `` But then again , who would n't think that was cute ? ''
Walter said he and Deputy Sophie Berman were driving along Rainbow Lakes Road on July 21 when they rounded the corner and spotted something in the middle of the roadway .
`` When we first saw it , we knew it was a fluffy something with eyes , but that 's all we could tell , '' Walter said .
Advertisement
Berman managed to stop the vehicle just in time , and the unknown fluffy object disappeared from view just below the bumper . It was only when Berman backed the vehicle up that they figured out what it was .
Walter said Berman got out to take some photos and videos , and the owl did n't back down one bit , even when Walter also got his camera and shot the now-famous photos of Berman and the owl .
`` The owl was pretty pumped at that point , '' Walter said . `` At that point , in its mind it had already scared a car away so it was thinking , ' I own this road . ' ''
Walter said some cars were coming up the road behind them , and they were worried the owl would n't be able to fly away . But just as the deputies were considering bringing the owl into a wildlife sanctuary , it flew off on its own .
'Young and dumb '
Michael Tincher , rehabilitation coordinator at the Rocky Mountain Raptor Program in Fort Collins , said the owl in the photos and video appears to be a full-sized but still fledgling northern saw-whet owl .
Tincher also said the owl 's age helps explain why it did n't back down from the deputy .
`` That 's the problem with young raptors , '' Tincher said . `` We affectionately refer to them as 'young and dumb . ' They are clueless . They have no idea what threats are . We get many , many calls every spring and summer . People are convinced they are injured , because they just stand there . ''
Tincher said the behavior in the video — the head-bobbing and beak clicking — is designed to intimidate . Of course , with an 8-inch-tall owl , that 's easier said than done .
`` They are trying to look big and scary , though with a northern saw-whet owl , you have to chuckle and take it with a grain of salt , '' Tincher said .
Going viral
The pictures and video of the owl were posted on the Boulder County sheriff 's social media platforms Thursday , and soon enough , the clicks started piling up .
The original tweet by the sheriff 's office has had more than 4,000 favorites and 3,800 retweets , while Berman 's YouTube video of the owl has surpassed 3.5 million views .
`` It just happens to be a cute , little , fuzzy animal , '' Sheriff Joe Pelle said . `` We had to actually take it down off our site because it was crashing our servers . ''
Pelle said the appearance of the owl was timely , because the department has just ramped up its social media presence in order to get information out to the community out more efficiently .
`` It 's interesting that we have recently begun to use social media a great deal to share information , '' Pelle said . `` That 's the way communities organize these days . They do n't have Tuesday night neighborhood watch meetings anymore . ''
So while the department 's most popular post so far has had less to do with public safety than pint-sized cuteness , Pelle said at least people are now aware of the department 's social media accounts .
`` It may raise awareness of the fact that we are using social media , so that 's a good thing , '' Pelle said . `` We want to be modern in our approach to the way we communicate with people . ''
In fact , just days before the owl went viral , the department used social media to promote several deputies appearing in a National Geographic reality show , `` Rocky Mountain Law . ''
Walters himself appeared on the TV program , but pointed out that the owl still has received more exposure . But the deputy said he does n't mind his feathery friend taking the spotlight .
`` It 's nice to have something positive in the news , '' Walter said .
Mitchell Byars : 303-473-1329 , byarsm @ dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars
LONDON – Rumors that Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan has reverted to Islam have put her in hot water , giving her a glimpse of what American Muslims face in the daily life in the face of growing hate campaigns .
“ I ca n't imagine how many people go through this all the time , and that made me feel like an outsider , ” Lohan , 30 , said in a recent interview on Turkish TV show Haber Turk , Emirates Women reported on Tuesday , October 18 .
Last year , Lindsay Lohan was photographed out and about in New York while carrying a Qur'an .
At the time a spokesperson said she had “ a keen interest in the Arabic culture . ”
“ My very close friends , who have been there for me a lot , in London are Saudi and they gave me the Qur'an and I brought it to New York because I was learning , ” she said .
“ It opened doors for me to experience spiritually , to find another true meaning . This is who I am . ”
The incident , however , unleashed a backlash against the actress .
“ They crucified me for it in America , ” she said . “ They made me seem like Satan . I was a bad person for holding that Qur'an .
“ I was so happy to leave [ America ] and go back to London after that , because I felt so unsafe in my own country . If this [ Islam ] is something that I want to learn , this is my own will . ”
News that the actress might revert to Islam received some positive reaction on social media as well .
Facebook user Malcolm Sinclair Park commented : “ Good for her… She is finding some peace and serenity . Wonderful , this lady is sharing love . ”
Another fan , Craig Macdonald , commented : “ If Islam is helping her find and keep her sobriety , that 's awesome . ”
Lohan has been visiting Syrian refugees around Turkey over the past few weeks , documenting their plight on her social media accounts .
( Getty Images )
The stakes of next week 's Republican primary contest in Indiana could not be much higher . A Ted Cruz victory could make it all but impossible for Donald Trump to secure the nomination outright . A Trump victory could make it all but impossible for him not to . A coordinated , all-out anti-Trump effort of the sort seen in Wisconsin is in order . And that means that , like Scott Walker in the Badger State , Indiana governor Mike Pence needs to step up .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Until now , Pence has been sitting on the sidelines in his home state , ostensibly disinclined to get entangled in a national race while facing a reelection battle for his own seat . But the case for Pence 's backing Cruz seems straightforward .
Pence is a reform-oriented , constitutional conservative who has been willing to buck his party 's leadership in the name of principle : As a first-term congressman in 2001 , he voted against No Child Left Behind ; two years later , he defied the Bush administration on Medicare Part D. Additionally , he has long been an outspoken social conservative . He is , in a word , a tea partier who predated the Tea Party . Ted Cruz was arguably the most Pence-like candidate in the field all along , and is certainly so now . And , of course , Cruz is the only non-Trump candidate with a plausible path to the nomination .
# share # Furthermore , as a matter of self-interest , staying out of the race is unlikely to redound to Pence 's benefit . It 's almost certain that a significant number of Republican voters — exit polls in some states have suggested almost 40 percent — would stay home rather than vote for a Trump ticket in November , and those are voters Pence will need . The number of Trump voters who will not turn out for a non-Trump ticket is likely to be much lower . And there 's not much evidence that other anti-Trump governors — Walker , or Massachusetts 's Charlie Baker , who said in March that he would not vote for Trump in a general election — are suffering their constituents ' wrath .
Advertisement
And thinking even longer-term , should Republicans win back the White House this year , it 's not unrealistic to think that Pence could be a candidate for still higher office . He will not be remembered fondly for , by dint of inaction , helping to cede his state — and the 2016 GOP primary — to a populist who shares few of Pence 's principles and who , if current polls are any indication , would likely lose the White House , perhaps badly .
Wisconsin showed that a coordinated campaign behind Ted Cruz – one that includes elected officials – can help him immensely . Governor Pence should exhibit the leadership that conservatives have come to expect from him .
British and Irish Lions centre Jonathan Davies is set to miss most of Wales ' Six Nations campaign because of injury .
Davies , 25 , has not played since suffering a pectoral injury in Wales ' defeat by South Africa in November .
The Scarlets say their captain , who is to leave for French side Clermont at the end of the season , is progressing well and taking part in light training .
He will return to action in early March and Wales ' last two Championship games take place on 9 and 15 March .
The Scarlets confirmed in a statement that Davies is `` fit for return early March '' ruling him out of Wales ' first three games in the Six Nations against Italy , Ireland and France .
Wales ' Six Nations fixtures 1 Feb : Italy ( h ) 8 Feb : Ireland ( a ) 21 Feb : France ( h ) 9 March : England ( a ) 15 March : Scotland ( h )
Davies was one of the Lions ' stars in their victorious tour of Australia in the summer , playing in all three Tests , controversially being picked ahead of Brian O'Driscoll for the series decider .
His excellent form led to a two-year deal to play for Clermont Auvergne , who he joins in July , joining a list of Wales internationals playing in the French top flight .
He is one of a number of Scarlets first team regulars currently unavailable , including fellow Welsh internationals , hooker Ken Owens and full-back Liam Williams .
Owens is recovering from a sprained ankle and Williams has received treatment for a fractured finger .
Both are expected to be out for two to three weeks .
Fly-half Steven Shingler , who rejoined the region from London Irish last year , is out until the end of April with a shoulder injury .
Meanwhile the Scarlets say winger Mike Poole is recovering well in hospital following surgery after fracturing and dislocating his neck .
Poole was hurt playing for Llanelli against Swansea in the Principality Welsh Premiership on 28 December .
Scarlets head coach Simon Easterby , said the thoughts of everyone at the region are with Poole 's family .
`` We have been in close contact with the hospital teams , Mike and his family throughout , '' said Easterby .
`` We are all pleased to see him making good progress . ''
But it 's more than posturing . If government steps back , religious organizations may need to step up . Much of the infrastructure and money involved in the charitable provision of social services is associated with religion , whether it 's a synagogue 's homeless-sheltering program or a large aid organization such as Catholic Relief Services . People like the Cato Institute 's Michael Tanner believe these private services could potentially be expanded even further . While some government programs should be scrapped altogether , he argued , “ other programs may well be replaceable by private charity—either dollar-for-dollar , or more likely , they can be done more effectively and efficiently . ”
I spoke with roughly a half dozen scholars from a variety of ideological backgrounds who study religious giving , and they were all skeptical that churches , synagogues , mosques , and other faith-based organizations could serve as an adequate substitute for the government in providing for the needy and vulnerable . The scale and structure of government services , the sectarian nature of religious programs , and the declining role of religion in public life are all challenges , they argued ; if anything , states would have to step in to take on the burden , or some current services would go away entirely . The budget debate may seem like a wonky back-and-forth about economic forecasts . But it probes long-standing questions about how society should provide for people 's needs . As David Campbell , a political-science professor at the University of Notre Dame , put it , “ No religion is on the sidelines when it comes to caring for the poor . ”
People 's views on budget questions are often determined by their political beliefs , said Campbell . Whether they 're Republicans or Democrats , “ religious people across the spectrum would agree the poor need to be helped. ” The question is who should do the helping , and how much government should be involved .
In their private lives , religious Americans are extremely generous . According to the Lake Institute on Faith and Giving at Indiana University , donations to congregations , denominations , mission board , and TV and radio ministries account for roughly one-third of all annual giving in the U.S . The impact of this money is difficult to calculate , but it 's large : In 2001 , the University of Pennsylvania professor Ram Cnaan tried to tally the financial value of all congregational social services in Philadelphia , estimating that it added up to roughly $ 247 million . When all social-service organizations with a religious mission are taken into account , the value of those services in many communities would likely be much higher .
These services are n't exactly private , however . According to Oklahoma Representative Steve Russell , who testified on religious-freedom issues before Congress last spring , more than 2,000 federal contracts are awarded to religious organizations each year . If programs like the Department of Housing and Urban Development 's Community Development Block Grants are cut , as Trump has proposed , many religious organizations would lose major parts of their operating budgets . This kind of federal-spending cut can have tangible consequences : World Relief , an evangelical organization that works with the federal government on refugee resettlement , cut 140 staffers and closed five offices earlier this year when the Trump administration announced a sharp decrease in the number of refugees that will be accepted into the United States .
Colorado State Rep. Patrick Neville , a survivor of the Columbine High School shooting , introduced a bill Tuesday that would allow guns in Colorado schools .
Neville was a student at Columbine on April 20 , 1999 , when two peers opened fire , killing 13 people .
“ The only thing that is going to stop murderers intent on doing harm is to give good people the legal authority to carry a gun to protect themselves and our children , ” Neville said in a statement , according to The Hill .
“ More of my friends would still be alive today . ”
The bill put forward by Neville , a Republican , would let teachers with concealed weapons permits carry guns at the state 's schools in an attempt to halt future shootings .
Neville introduced the same bill last year , which failed .
“ Unfortunately , the current system continues to leave our children as sitting targets for criminals intent on doing harm , '' he said .
Follow Josh Hafner on Twitter : @ joshhafner
In one of the deadliest attacks in Turkey in recent years , two car bombs exploded near the border with Syria on Saturday , killing 42 and wounding 140 others . A senior Turkish official blamed Syria , calling the neighboring country 's intelligence service and military `` the usual suspects . ''
The blasts , which were 15 minutes apart , raised fears that Syria 's brutal civil war violence was crossing into its neighbor .
Related stories :
One of the car bombs exploded outside the city hall while the other went off outside the post office in the town of Reyhanli , a main hub for Syrian refugees and rebel activity in Turkey 's Hatay province , just across the border . Images showed people frantically carrying victims through the rubble-strewn streets to safety .
The United States strongly condemned the car bombings . `` The United States strongly condemns today 's vicious attack , and stands with the people and government of Turkey to identify the perpetrators and bring them to justice , '' US Ambassador to Turkey Francis Ricciardone said in a statement .
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said about 40 people were killed and 100 others wounded in the blasts and linked them to Syria . There was no immediate information on the identities or nationalities of the victims .
Video : Reuters ( צילום : רויטרס )
X
`` We know that the Syrian refugees have become a target of the Syrian regime , '' he said . `` Reyhanli was not chosen by coincidence . ''
`` Our thoughts are that their mukhabarat ( Syrian intelligence agency ) and armed organizations are the usual suspects in planning and the carrying out of such devilish plans , '' he said .
Arinc said Turkey would `` do whatever is necessary '' if proven that Syria is behind the attack .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan earlier also raised the possibility that the bombings may be related to Turkey 's peace talks with Kurdish rebels meant to end a nearly 30-year-old conflict .
`` We are going through sensitive times , we started a new era , the Kurdish issue solution process . Those who can not digest this new era ... could take such actions , '' Erdoğan said in comments broadcast on Turkish television .
`` Another sensitive issue is that Hatay province ( where the explosions occurred ) is on the border with Syria , these actions may have been taken to provoke those sensitivities , '' he said .
Scene of blasts in Turkey ( Photo : EPA )
Syrian mortar rounds have fallen over the border before , but if the explosion turns out to be linked to Syria it would be by far the biggest death toll in Turkey related to its neighbor 's civil war .
Syria shares a more than 500-mile border with Turkey , which has been a crucial supporter of the Syrian rebel cause . Ankara has allowed its territory to be used as a logistics base and staging center for Syrian insurgents .
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu vowed from Berlin that Turkey would act .
`` Those who for whatever reason attempt to bring the external chaos into our country will get a response , '' he said .
Terror attack ( Photo : EPA )
The main Syrian opposition group , the Syrian National Coalition , condemned the `` terrorist attacks '' in Reyhanli , saying it stands together with the `` Turkish government and the friendly Turkish people . ''
The coalition sees `` these heinous terrorist acts as an attempt to take revenge on the Turkish people and punish them for their honorable support for the Syrian people , '' it said .
Reyhanli is a center for aid and alleged weapon trafficking between Turkey and Syria , as well as for Syrian rebel activity . Apart from refugees living in camps , many Syrians escaping the civil war have also rented houses in the town .
Photo : AFP
The explosions came days before Erdoğan is scheduled to travel to the US for talks , which are expected to be dominated by the situation in Syria .
`` This ... will increase the pressure on the US president next week to do something to show support to Turkey when Erdoğan visits him in Washington , '' said Soner Cagaptay , an expert on Turkey at the Washington Institute . `` Washington will be forced to take a more pro-active position on Syria , at least in rhetoric , whether or not there is appetite for such a position here . ''
Abdullah , a Reyhanli resident , told The Associated Press he heard two strong explosions at about 1 p.m. `` The bombs were very powerful , '' he said by telephone .
Scene of destruction ( Photo : EPA )
The frontier area has seen heavy fighting between rebels and the Syrian regime . In February , a car bomb exploded at a border crossing with Turkey in Syria 's Idlib province , killing 14 . Turkey 's interior minister has blamed Syria 's intelligence agencies and its army for involvement .
Four Syrians and a Turk are in custody in connection with the Feb. 11 attack at the Bab al-Hawa frontier post . No one has claimed responsibility , but a Syrian opposition faction accused the Syrian government of the bombing , saying it narrowly missed 13 leaders of the group .
In that bombing , most of the victims were Syrians who had been waiting in an area straddling the frontier for processing to enter Turkey .
Tensions also flared between the Syrian regime and Turkey after shells fired from Syria landed on the Turkish side , prompting Germany , the Netherlands and the United States to send two batteries of Patriot air defense missiles each to protect their NATO ally .
AP and Reuters contributed to this report
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Ask certain people in the know , and they will tell you that the current gaming market is unsustainable . It 's pretty rare that I turn my Sauron eye to the forums for support , but this particular comment about Electronic Arts ' recent layoffs is the kind of science I like to see laid on people . It ties together with troubling research I 've done on my own end , and while I 'm not on board with the full conclusion , there does seem to be some strong evidence that the gaming industry is stuck in the Death Star trash compactor and ca n't seem to get 3PO on the communicator .
I honestly have a genuine fear about what the next 3 or 4 years might bring in the gaming marketplace . Even if there is not dire writing on the wall some troubling graffiti has turned up portending dark days ahead . The industry has been in a struggle for nearly a decade to monetize their transactions outside of the initial purchase , and instead of making progress the rise of the used market , an unreliable consumer base and the omni-present piracy revenue suck have just made things worse .
So , when Bioware and EA put so many resources into developing a hardcore gamers-game like Dragon Age , and people light pitchforks on fire because of optional DLC , I ca n't help but feel intensely frustrated at what I see as thin-skinned entitlement and monumental naivete .
I consider many in the angry mob to be friends , and it does not give me pleasure to stand against them . But , I firmly believe that if you want to keep getting games like Dragon Age , like Fallout 3 , like Uncharted 2 , like The Beatles : Rock Band then gamers are going to need to get on board with or at least stop openly revolting against things like Day-1 DLC .
I have been watching with trepidation and concern the past 2 years as a conflict of game publishing ideology has erupted between the once mighty Electronic Arts and the laser-focused , unrepentant capitalism of Activision . And , as EA sheds hundreds of jobs , and more importantly dozens of projects , my worst fears are come true . The focus on scatter-shot approaches to new IPs and emphasis on driving quality over quantity is great for warming cockles in hearts , but ejaculating dozens of crappy iterations of go-to franchises has tragically triumphed as the profitable way to go .
The only way to sustain that emphasis on gamer-friendly qualities is by making a profit on the releases that do well to off-set the costs of doing business . Warden 's Keep is n't about greedily slurping up the ignorance of gamers . It 's about funding the next Mirror 's Edge . It 's about having the resources to take chances on games that gamers love .
Have cake or eat cake . Sorry , kids , you only get to choose one , and I fear now even that choice may have been taken from our hands .
While we were all squabbling in the corner over meaningless skirmishes about DLC and dedicated servers , the war was waged on another front and it 's starting to look like we lost .
I hate to be dire , but I 've seen 3 years of the Bobby Kotick doctrine , and if that 's what the future for companies like EA and TakeTwo and THQ is going to be then we 're going to sit back in a few years and long for the day when we got to whine about Day-1 DLC in a game like Dragon Age . Let me describe the future I see . Subscription based services married with microtransactions . Hobbled initial releases where the DLC is not just an optional quest , but key game mechanics . One-time required online authentication that prevents multi-player for used games . A virtual death of games like Mirror 's Edge , Dead Space , Ghostbusters , Brutal Legend , Borderlands or Dragon Age .
You 're standing on the Titanic , and you 're complaining about the color of the deck chairs .
If I sound mad , it 's because I am . It is an unfocussed rage that simmers and burns , because many of the kinds of games I adore are destined for the dust bin . And , the reality is that no one is clean in this fight . Publishers have adopted a model that is proving unsustainable to match the rising cost of development . Retailers who struggle against thin new-release profit margins have compromised the industry as a whole for their own profit . Gamers have waged their own zealot war against a changing marketplace , irresponsibly made unreasonable decisions about their entitlements and bent the rules as they see fit to get what they think they 've got coming . Nobody comes out of this smelling like a rose .
As our well-informed forum commenter mentions in his post , the acquisition of Playfish along with the cancellation of mid-range games might as well be EA 's white flag waved in the breeze . You recall when Activision let go of Ghostbusters , Brutal Legend and the Chronicles of Riddick remake . These are exactly the kind of games that major publishers ca n't afford to make any more if they ca n't find a meaningful way to continue profiting beyond initial sales . These are exactly the kind of games that EA just ejected .
Let me put it this way , if having Day-one DLC in a game like Dragon Age means that Bioware gets to make the sequel , and not having it means they do n't , I will happily take the opportunity to make my informed purchasing choice and I will fold my arms and look sternly at those who gripe and complain . Drawing the line in the sand has consequences , and I 'm not nearly invested enough in the ideology of consumer activism in the gaming marketplace to throw the baby out with the bathwater .
If you want an industry that can take chances . If you want an industry that can be agile and adaptable to niche demands . If you want publishers that are willing to explore new IPs and put resources behind projects like Dragon Age , then you , my stubborn and well-intentioned comrades , need to turn down the righteous fury .
These are the dream headlines we 'd love to write
The gradual trickle of announcements continues as the full and final Glastonbury 2014 announcement is expected to be revealed any day now .
We all know about who 's confirmed and who 's rumoured to be gracing Worthy Farm with their presence come June - but let 's look beyond that for a moment . Imagine you 're already there , caught up in the magic as the legendary surprises come to surface one by one , and the world goes wild as the unexpected becomes a reality .
Glasto is famed for its shock collaborations , suprise appearances and era-defining performances , and we 've been dreaming up what we 'd love to go down in Somerset this year . Here are 12 amazing things that we would absolutely love to happen at Glastonbury 2014 .
A NBC News segment called “ How Discord Became The Alt-Right 's Favorite Organizing Platform : How Gamers Are Facilitating The Rise Of The Alt-Right ” was aired through NBC 's Think vertical . The piece misrepresents and misreports on # GamerGate after the editors of the piece took tweets completely unrelated to # GamerGate and edited them to include the hashtag .
The piece was published recently on the NBC News website , and attempts to conflate # GamerGate with the Alt-Right , white supremacy and Nazism .
During the three minute segment , NBC took some old tweets that were sent to Anita Sarkeesian back in 2014 from an anonymous Twitter user who used the handle “ Kevin Dobson ” . During the segment NBC posted up the following images , claiming that # GamerGate was a harassment campaign , scrubbing the name of the tweet sender and the date in which the tweets were sent .
The reality of the situation is that NBC does n't list who sent those tweets nor the dates . This is because the original tweets that were sent to Anita Sarkeesian had no association whatsoever with # GamerGate .
In fact , Anita Sarkeesian shared the tweet on August 27th , 2014 , which contained the original Twitter chain of death and rape threats from a fresh account that was created with the handle “ Kevin Dobson ” . The account was deleted shortly after the threats were made .
I usually do n't share the really scary stuff . But it 's important for folks to know how bad it gets [ TRIGGER WARNING ] pic.twitter.com/u6b3i0fysI — Feminist Frequency ( @ femfreq ) August 27 , 2014
As you can see , the tweets have no association with # GamerGate . Sarkeesian 's tweet has no association with # GamerGate . No where in Dobson 's chain was # GamerGate mentioned , in fact nothing about video games was even mentioned , which led some on Kotaku in Action to question if perhaps Dobson was an angry Twilight fan lashing out after Sarkeesian negatively critiqued the series , especially since he makes references to vampires and drinking her blood .
There has never been any actual documented evidence of # GamerGate being a harassment campaign . The FBI closed their case back in 2015 because they could not find any actionable evidence indicating that # GamerGate was a harassment campaign . A peer reviewed report from WAM ! , also could n't find evidence indicating that # GamerGate was a harassment campaign .
In this case , it appears since NBC News could n't find the evidence they needed for the story they fabricated their own .
0 Police : Man tries to flush baby down toilet before standoff ; baby out of hospital
PITTSBURGH - A man tried to flush his baby down a toilet before getting into a standoff with police early Tuesday morning in Mount Washington , authorities said .
The incident began shortly after midnight when the baby 's mother and father were arguing about child care inside a home on Southern Avenue . Police said the father threw the baby 's crib down the stairs and told family members he was going to kill them all .
Related Headlines Man who tried to flush baby down toilet has criminal history
Police said the father , who they identified as 31-year-old Dennis Gateley , pulled out a gun and held the 6-week-old baby 's head in the toilet at least two times .
According to court papers obtained by Channel 11 's Renee Kaminski , the family dog bit Gateley during a struggle between Gateley and several family members over the child .
The baby 's mother told investigators that Gateley also hit the child 's head on a wall .
The woman and the baby were able to escape from the home . The child was taken to the hospital . The woman suffered a black eye in the incident .
When Gateley would not leave the home , SWAT was called . About three hours later , officers were able to convince him to surrender .
“ Which one of you were hiding behind the car ? I could have picked either one of you off at any time , ” Gateley allegedly said to police after he was taken into custody . “ I had the advantage because I have the high ground . ”
Gateley faces charges of aggravated assault , simple assault , terroristic threats and endangering the welfare of a child .
A spokesperson for the family told Kaminski that the baby has been released from the hospital and is back home .
Kaminski also learned that Gateley is a convicted felon . He pleaded guilty to sexual assault in 2008 , and a year later was convicted of disarming a police officer , aggravated assault and resisting arrest . In both 2013 and 2015 , he pleaded guilty to simple assault .
Dennis Gateley © 2019 Cox Media Group .
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
A VISION of a high-wage , productive Scotland energised by small and medium-sized businesses has been outlined by a foundation established in memory of trade unionist Jimmy Reid .
The transformation of the Scottish economy into one with a highly-skilled workforce which concentrates on manufacturing and exports is the key to tackling inequality , the Jimmy Reid Foundation claims .
Today , the foundation launches its Common Weal project , an ambitious attempt to examine how Scotland can establish a more equal society with better public services .
Taking inspiration from the Nordic countries and the old Scots term “ Common Weal ” , which means wealth shared in common , the project has commissioned academics and writers to explore policies .
The foundation was set up to examine radical , left-wing thinking and to bring together people from the SNP , Labour and Greens to counter-balance what it describes as the “ well-funded conservative and neo-liberal agendas being pushed in Scotland by big business ” .
The Common Weal 's work aims to be relevant whatever the outcome of the referendum and has worked to bridge the constitutional divide .
“ At its heart the Common Weal is a proposal for an economic transition from a low-wage unproductive economy to a high-wage productive one , ” a statement from the foundation said .
“ This involves a major rebalancing of the economy towards many more small and medium-sized enterprises involved in high-skill manufacturing and exporting and a programme of action designed to increase wages and greatly reduce inequality .
“ This must be accompanied by a major programme of investment to overcome the universally poor rates of investment currency being made across the UK . The result will be strong public finances which come from a high-pay population which enables investment in an excellent welfare state and good infrastructure . ”
It added : “ As this is achieved , a much greater focus will be put on how to design a society which improves the lives of its people rather than maximises profit for corporations . ”
The launch will see the publication of 50 policy papers in the form of a book , designed to create a “ new politics ” .
The foundation was set up by the Scottish Left Review periodical 's editorial board in memory of Reid , who famously led the shipbuilders ' work-in on the Upper Clyde .
A charismatic and eloquent leader , Reid rose to prominence in the early 1970s when the work-in was called in response to the Conservative government of Edward Heath 's plan to close down the shipyards on the Clyde , which would have cost 6,000 jobs .
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said : “ As the Common Weal publication makes clear , Scotland is ready for change , and independence is the only way to secure a better future for the people of Scotland .
“ Our vision is of a Scotland founded on the fundamental principles of equality and human rights and characterised by economic success and social justice , giving people control over the decisions which affect them . She added : “ With the full set of economic and fiscal levers , independence would unlock Scotland 's full potential as a vibrant and dynamic economy and a fairer society . We welcome the contributions that Common Weal and other independent organisations are making to the dynamic and positive debate that is encouraging people in Scotland to consider a better future . ”
Well just as soon as I call landing Gardner a bit of a long shot or wish list type guy he goes and commits to the Hoosiers within the hour . That 's what I get for being pessimistic on some of Indiana football 's recruits . Gardner makes # 16 for this 2014 class and Coach Wilson is likely going to add 6 or so more before he 's done for the year .
Gardner originally hails from Indianapolis . He was a graduate of Lawrence Central HS and was initially committed to Ohio State . During some of Ohio State 's disciplinary issues this year , Gardner was involved in a minor off the field incident and was made an example of . His scholarship was revoked and he was stuck without a school . Fortunately for Indiana they had been recruiting his prep school teammate Jordan Fuchs for the better part of the year .
Gardner now gets the chance to come home and play for the home team after the Hoosiers beat out Temple , Louisville , Arizona , Rutgers and Syracuse according to his Rivals page . Now he had taken a few online classes at Ohio State this past season and as far as I 'm aware that means he 's going to have to sit out a year before he can play . Either way , Indiana should be ecstatic to have the 6-4 320 lbs . mammoth protecting their quarterbacks for the next four years .
Washington ( CNN ) In a renewed push that could put House Speaker Paul Ryan in a political jam , conservatives in the House are circulating a letter urging Republican leaders to delay the election that will determine whether Ryan keeps his gavel in the next Congress .
House GOP members traditionally vote on top leadership positions the week following the election , but a bloc of members is arguing that vote should n't happen until December , after Congress deals with a spending bill to avoid a government shutdown and addresses other business .
`` We really should delay those leadership races for further on in December , or at least late November , to give all the newly elected members of Congress the chance to get to know people , '' North Carolina Rep. Mark Meadows told CNN in a phone interview on Friday .
Members of the Freedom Caucus are reaching out to other factions inside the GOP conference in an effort to demonstrate broader support across the ideological spectrum for postponing the vote , which is slated for mid-November , barely a week after Congress returns and digests the results of the presidential race .
Ryan faces intense blowback after he told House GOP members he would no longer defend Donald Trump following the release of the video tapes that captured the billionaire businessman making vulgar statements about women in 2005 .
The speaker 's move was followed by fierce criticism from the GOP nominee himself , who called Ryan `` very weak '' and `` ineffective , '' and from other Trump allies who question whether he should remain speaker .
Oklahoma GOP Rep. Jim Bridenstine threatened to pull his support for Ryan last week because he was n't strongly backing Trump . And the dust-up over Ryan 's strategy to solely focus on down-ballot races and to essentially ignore Trump has other House Republicans angry and accusing him of essentially conceding the presidential race .
Tennessee GOP Rep. Scott Desjarlais said in a statement to CNN , `` it 's hard to find a Paul Ryan fan in my district . ''
Meadows caused a stir on Thursday when he told WAAV radio in North Carolina that some constituents are questioning the party loyalty of Ryan and said there will be discussions after the November 8 election about what the leadership team will look like going forward . But on Friday , he ruled out a run for the post , telling CNN , `` I have no desire nor plans to ever run for speaker . That 's not where I see myself . ''
Asked for reaction to Meadow 's comments , Ryan 's spokeswoman AshLee Strong said Thursday , `` Speaker Ryan is fighting to ensure we hold a strong majority next Congress , and he is always working to earn the respect and support of his colleagues . ''
Fox News anchor Sean Hannity floated Meadows name , along with House Freedom Caucus Chairman Jim Jordan , as possible replacements for Ryan . But Meadows noted that he 's never talked to Hannity and said he was n't suggesting a challenge when he made the comment on Thursday , but was just discussing the dynamic he 's hearing about from voters in his state .
He said he speaks frequently to Jordan , and said the Ohio Republican is not considering a run for a leadership post and no one else is circulating names of other potential challengers .
Jordan 's spokesman , Darrin Miller , told CNN , `` he is focused on his own race and helping Republicans up and down the ticket . ''
Meadows , who made a national splash when he made the first procedural move on the House floor that ultimately led former House Speaker John Boehner to step down , said there are `` zero talks '' to try any procedural move on the floor to oust Ryan .
But asked if he 'll back Ryan in the GOP conference election , the North Carolina Republican said , `` there 's no race at this particular point '' and said he did n't see any need to discuss the issue `` before there 's actually candidates . '' He said the only discussions he 's heard about are for the contest for the job to run the House GOP campaign committee to replace current chairman Greg Walden .
`` For us to focus on anything other than the presidential race or our own races would not only be premature but would be a waste of energy right now because we do n't know what the landscape is right now , '' Meadows said .
But even if conservatives are n't putting the plans together to back an alternative to Ryan right now , the effort to try to force leaders to delay the date of the leadership election effectively helps them do that by allowing more time to rally around a challenger .
The details of the letter making the case for more time are still being finalized , but Ryan and other leaders began hearing about the idea of sliding the leadership elections to a later date several weeks ago .
At his last press conference before the congressional fall recess , the speaker said he expected the vote to happen at the same time it does after every election . Officially , the House GOP conference Chair , Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , sets the date for the leadership election .
Under Night In-Birth Exe : Late for PC launches July 12
French-Bread fighting game to launch via Steam .
Under Night In-Birth Exe : Late will launch for PC via Steam on July 12 , publisher Arc System Works announced .
The anime-stylized , 2D fighting game from developer French-Bread features 16 unique characters . Here is a list of features , via Arc System Works :
16 playable characters ! Meticulously hand-drawn characters each with their own unique powers and abilities .
Meticulously hand-drawn characters each with their own unique powers and abilities . Easy to learn , difficult to master ! Accessible controls let beginners jump into the fray , but also advanced enough for even the most experienced fighting game players .
Accessible controls let beginners jump into the fray , but also advanced enough for even the most experienced fighting game players . Battle across the globe ! Online multiplayer lets you take on opponents from around the world .
Watch a trailer below .
The terrorist organisation Isis has its sights set on Denmark according to a Danish-Turkish militant who has fought in Syria .
The 27-year-old jihadist , identified only as ÖA , told Politiken that as “ an enemy of Islam ” , Denmark is on Isis 's radar .
“ We have become very international and Denmark is high up on the list , believe me , ” ÖA told the newspaper .
ÖA was born and raised in Denmark but said he felt no allegiance to the country .
“ Denmark is not my country . The Muslims ' country is the caliphate and inshallah there will soon be an attack here . Denmark should prepare itself , ” the jihadist said .
“ It is an open war now . Isis has said that all infidels should be battled . They should be eliminated and soon it will be Denmark 's turn , ” ÖA continued .
ÖA recently returned to Denmark after fighting for Isis in Syria and told Politiken that he plans to go back soon . Politiken asked the young man if he would personally carry out an attack against the country in which he has spent the vast majority of his life .
“ My battle lies in Syria . But you never know , brother . The prophet said that Allah showed him the eastern and western parts of the world and that they should be united in a caliphate . So Denmark might get its turn soon , ” he said .
ANCHORAGE ( Reuters ) - A legal defense fund for former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was illegal and must repay nearly $ 400,000 to donors , according to a settlement with a state-appointed lawyer announced on Thursday .
Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin and her husband Todd ( R ) leave the paddock at the 142nd Belmont Stakes , the final leg of racing 's Triple Crown , at Belmont Park in Elmont , New York June 5 , 2010 . REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi
But Palin , the feisty former Republican vice presidential candidate who has become a fixture of the conservative Tea Party movement , probably violated a state ethics act without knowing she was doing so , independent counsel Tim Petumenos said .
While governor , Palin faced some two dozen ethics complaints , which she said left her with a legal bill of more than $ 500,000 . Her political action committee raised a fund to pay for her defense .
A preliminary ruling by another independent counsel last year said the fund was illegal because it used her official position as governor to raise money for her personal gain .
Petumenos confirmed the decision and said no such legal defense fund had ever been set up before for a state official in Alaska .
Palin violated the ethics rules because she was a beneficiary of the fund but probably relied on bad advice from out-of-state lawyers to conclude it was above board , Petumenos said at a news conference .
He added that Palin should have checked with the state attorney general before pursuing the fund .
“ It is the responsibility of every public official to make sure they are personally compliant with the ( Alaska Ethics ) Act , ” he said .
The deal requires Palin 's fund to give back to donors $ 386,856 collected while she was in office . A further $ 33,546 collected after she resigned will not be affected by the deal .
Palin , no longer a public official , has launched a new defense fund . She is now independently wealthy but her lawyer , Thomas Van Flein , told reporters he still believed she ran up the legal costs in her capacity as governor and so a new fund was justified .
Campus revolutionaries warping words
The hypocrisy is blinding . The game is but an old one , yet extremely effective . The funding for the activity is endless courtesy of the federal behemoth . Victor Davis Hanson , in this article of late titled “ Words Matter : How to Twist Language for Political Gain , ” points out that the “ rules of language ” are being subverted by campus revolutionaries for political ends . Davis makes several points , which I distill below .
Sanctuary cities are nothing but a retest of the “ nullification ” of federal law . The supremacy clause forbids local and state law to conflict with federal law . Davis notes that “ sanctuary city ” is a euphemism and that the term would never be applied in the leftist world to jurisdictions that might seek shelter by conservatives from things such as federal gun or environmental laws . The university crowds crow about “ divisive ” and “ polarizing ” election results , yet in 2008 and 2012 , the results were not “ polarizing ” or “ divisive ” because the leftists ' candidate won . No concern for demoralized conservative students and their fear of a “ transformed America ” at the hands of Barack Obama . Campus “ safe spaces ” and “ theme houses ” filter their attendees based on race and gender . Curious behavior from the warm and fuzzy color- and gender-blind left . “ Microagressions , ” Hanson observes , are more a stifling of free speech and thought , in which the person is “ branded ” with charges of sexism or racism in instances that would normally offer no offense , except when “ arcane inventions of bias ” are applied . “ Trigger warnings , ” which warn the reader of potential obscene or threatening content , are applied only when “ deemed potentially hurtful or unfair by 21st-century progressive standards of race , class and gender. ” Davis notes that it is unlikely that the proper and accepted inflammatory works of Malcolm X or Eldridge Cleaver would carry such warnings . “ Illegal alien ” is so counterproductive to the open border movement that it has taken on a new meaning and is forbidden . The terms dealing with “ illegal aliens ” have morphed through stages including “ undocumented immigrant ” to merely “ migrant. ” The suggestion now is that “ there really is no difference between entering and exiting a country under any circumstances. ” The hypocrisy is thick , but the slant is clear . In Hanson 's words , “ [ t ] o prevent the endless cycle of corrupting words , members of the media and academia should act as our linguistic guardians . Instead , for short term political gain , they have abandoned their professional responsibilities to become our worst subverters of language. ” Unfortunately , corruption of words is not the only hobby of leftist academia . The academicians instruct what to think rather than how , deny open and polite discussion , and forbid opposing views all while adhering to rules for “ radicals ” but cuddling in the antonym of “ progressive. ” Yes , the hypocrisy is thick and the words contorted .
( Adds details on funds , other business at meeting )
By Svea Herbst-Bayliss
BOSTON , June 8 ( Reuters ) - The Massachusetts state pension fund hired hedge funds for the second time this year on Wednesday , adding Contrarian Capital and IPM Informed Portfolio Management to its roster of managers .
Trustees for the $ 60 billion fund voted at a board meeting to put up to $ 200 million each with Greenwich , Connecticut-based Contrarian Capital Management and Stockholm-based IPM Informed Portfolio Management AB .
The pension fund invests roughly $ 5.1 billion in roughly two dozen hedge funds including Brevan Howard , Och-Ziff Capital Management , King Street Capital Management and Glenview Capital among others .
Contrarian oversees $ 3 billion in assets . The Massachusetts pension fund is investing in its Contrarian Capital Management Emerging Markets Strategy , which is managed by Xiao Song and seeks to find stressed , distressed and defaulted corporate and sovereign debt . Contrarian has offices in London , Paris , São Paulo and Hong Kong and its team speaks Spanish , Chinese , Japanese , Portuguese , French , German and Italian , something the pension fund feels is critical to finding deals and understanding foreign legal structures .
IPM oversees a total of $ 5.1 billion in assets , and the Massachusetts fund is investing in its IPM Systematic Macro Strategy , which has become so popular in the last two years that assets more than doubled in size to $ 1.8 billion . The strategy seeks to make money on the divergences between fundamentals and market prices with proprietary computer models .
The state is making the hedge fund investments at a time many public pensions are considering exiting the sector , following a period of lackluster returns at many funds and growing political concerns about hedge funds ' high fees .
Massachusetts , which invests roughly 8.4 percent of its assets in hedge funds and has some of the largest hedge fund allocations of any public pension fund in the United States , has long pushed for fee cuts at expensive hedge funds . It will soon have some $ 2 billion invested through managed accounts .
The money going into Contrarian and IPM will be in managed accounts , more custom-tailored structures that often involve lower fees and more transparency .
The vote to put money into Contrarian and IPM comes only a few months after trustees voted in February to put $ 150 million each with New York-based SECOR and London-based East Lodge Capital .
The fund is also reviewing whether it may want to eventually manage some of its investments internally , something a number of large public plans are now doing to cut fees as well as attract investment talent .
( Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss ; Editing by Dan Grebler and Tom Brown )
Drought is a tricky thing to define . It is not just a matter of how little water falls out of the sky . If it were , you would be forgiven for believing that California 's wettish winter had ended , or even alleviated , the worst drought in state history . But no . Despite the snow in the Sierra Nevada , the water filling Lake Shasta , and the rapids in the Kern River , California is still in a state of drought . For now , maybe forever .
Even the governor thinks so . On May 9 , Jerry Brown issued an executive order that makes permanent certain emergency water cuts from the past few years . `` Now we know that drought is becoming a regular occurrence and water conservation must be a part of our everyday life , '' Brown said in a prepared statement .
The most impactful part of Brown 's order requires that cities submit monthly water use , conservation , and enforcement reports to state officials . The order also promises updates to both urban and rural drought preparedness guidelines , and bans wasteful things like washing your car without a shut-off nozzle , or hosing down sidewalks . ( The wastefulness of that last one is debatable if you 've ever taken a walk through San Francisco 's SoMa neighborhood the morning after a Giants game . )
However , at the same meeting officials from the State Water Resources Control Board—California 's water police—indicated that cities would no longer be required to meet strict efficiency goals that the governor ordered last year . `` Even though there are some areas that do not have adequate water supply , there are others that do . So this lets local officials decide based on their own resources , '' says Timothy Moran , spokesperson for the Board .
So , obviously , the largest urban water district in the state went ahead and made it easier to drink . The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California is home to 19 million thirsty residents in a near contiguous suburban sprawl reaching from north of Los Angeles to the Mexican border . On May 10 , the MWD eliminated stiff rationing and overuse fees for the cities and smaller sub districts that buy from it .
Which is kind of insane . The entire Metropolitan Water District is in either Extreme or Exceptional Drought . Those are technical terms , by the way , defined by a government agency . They mean a region 's precipitation , streamflow , reservoir storage , and soil moisture are in the 1 to 5 percent ranges of normal .
But in California , drought is a but a geographic construct . A statewide network of reservoirs , canals , pipes , and pumps connect the dry places to the wet . `` We import from Northern California and the Colorado River , and we saw an improvement in supply conditions , particularly up north , that allows us to ease restrictions on our allocation , '' says Bob Muir , spokesperson for the agency . Who needs rain when you 've got plumbing ?
Not everyone is convinced . `` I 'm not opposed to giving districts more leeway in determining what they do , '' says Peter Gleick , president and co-founder of the Pacific Institute , a water think tank based in Oakland . `` But I do worry that this is too soon to be easing up on the conservation and efficiency measures that have just barely been put in place over the past couple of years . '' Gleick worries that consumers will get the wrong message and think the drought is coming to an end . ( Which—this bears repeating—it is not . )
The good news is the drought has opened doors to some conversations we need to have about water rights , groundwater management , and monitoring . Peter Gleick , the Pacific Institute
And here 's the important takeaway : No amount of plumbing can permanently slake California 's thirst . California needs less thirst , yes , and more equitable distribution of that lessened thirst . Brown 's new rules mostly target cities , which consume roughly 10 percent of the state 's water . `` Part of the problem is California has always treated agricultural and urban water differently , '' says Gleick . Agriculture guzzles 41 percent of the state 's water ( though many would argue that the state 's wild rivers and endangered fish , which get nearly 50 percent of the water pie , are the real guzzlers ) , and many of their rights are untouchable .
In fact , most of California 's water laws are pretty well bound up . `` So the bad news is that this really is sort of a Gordian Knot , '' says Gleick . `` The good news is the drought has opened doors to some conversations we need to have about water rights , groundwater management , and monitoring . '' He sees lawsuits on the horizon , particularly between rightsholders whose claims precede California 's water police , the State Water Resources Control Board . Those fights will touch on wording in the state 's constitution , which requires water be used for `` reasonable and beneficial purposes . '' But what does that even mean ? A farmer has different ideas than a fisherman ; an Angelean from a Sacramentan .
Water fights are as old as the west . And even if you ca n't define a drought , you should by now know exactly what one looks like : California .
Speaking on his first trip abroad since he and US President Barack Obama were sworn in for a second term in office , Biden told the conference on Saturday that there was still time to resolve the international community 's dispute with Tehran through diplomacy .
`` The ball is in the government of Iran 's court . It is well past time for Iran to adopt a serious good-faith approach to negotiations , '' Biden said . `` Abandon the illicit nuclear program and your support for terrorism and there will be meaningful incentives . ''
Biden also said Washington was open to holding bilateral talks with Tehran , but that the offer was not unconditional .
`` That offer stands , but it must be real , '' Biden said . `` And there has to be an agenda that they are not just prepared to do it for the exercise . ''
Biden 's statement comes just weeks after Iran announced plans to step up its rate of uranium enrichment activities .
Germany 's foreign minister urged Tehran to take Washington up on its offer .
`` Iran should not wait any longer to take up the willingness Vice President Biden has stressed to hold substantial negotiations on its nuclear program , '' Guido Westerwelle said .
`` From our point of view , announcing an accelerated expansion of uranium enrichment in Iran is the wrong signal , '' he added .
Highly enriched uranium can be used in the production of nuclear weapons , something the US and other Western nations fear Tehran is aiming to do . Iran has repeatedly insisted that its nuclear program is entirely peaceful and meant solely for producing energy .
Germany is one of six major powers involved in ongoing talks aimed at curbing Iran 's suspected nuclear ambitions .
Biden began his speech by stressing the strength of the long-standing diplomatic and military ties between the US and Europe . He said this should be enhanced , including through the creation of a free-trade zone .
`` We should pursue a trans-Atlantic partnership , and if we go down that road we should try to do it on one tank of gas and avoid a protracted round of negotiations , '' Biden said . `` It would be good for growth and job creation , it would be good on both sides of the Atlantic ... The rewards of success are almost boundless . ''
No common ground on Syria
The conflict in Syria is another issue that is front and center at the Munich conference , which brings together senior diplomatic and security officials from around the world each year .
Biden used his speech to stress the US position , which is also held by many other nations , that there can be no lasting resolution to the conflict as long as President Bashar Assad clings to power .
`` President Assad - a tyrant hellbent on clinging to power - is no longer fit to lead the Syrian people and he must go , '' Biden said .
Also attending the conference was Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of Russia , which has been one of Assad 's staunchest supporters in the international community . Differences between the West on the one hand and Russia and China on the other , have made it difficult for the international community to agree on a common approach to the conflict in Syria .
The United Nations-Arab League peace envoy alluded to that problem in his speech .
`` I am much more conscious of the difficulties and of the country being broken day after day than I am of a solution around the corner , '' Brahimi told the conference on Friday .
pfd/mkg ( AP , dpa , AFP )
My former teacher had a student who confessed she was feeling frustrated at milongas . She said she was n't getting the dances she wanted – or thought she deserved . There were n't enough dancers at her level to dance with . There were too many beginners and dancers with bad habits that made them undesirable . On top of that , she wished some of the leads were more exciting to dance with .
So he asked her , “ Why do you REALLY go to the Milonga ? ” . She stumbled through various explanations .
“ I go to dance with my favorite dancers… and to get good dances . ”
“ I go to practice my moves and show off my skills . ”
“ I go to have fun… and socialize… and it 's good exercise too . ”
She was going to milongas with the intention of “ getting ” something . She was going to the milonga with the expectation of having a good time , getting amazing tandas and scoring compliments for her beautiful footwork , elegant outfit and fabulous new Comme Il Faut shoes . She expected to be sought after all night because she believed she had developed some skills .
Instead , she found herself sitting out tandas , feeling frustrated , waiting for a cabeceo that would excite her .
Meanwhile we see men looking frustrated as they scan the room looking for the followers they desire… the ones who are excited to dance with them , who appreciate them and are fun to dance with ( i.e. , kindly forgiving of their imperfections ) . They might be looking to try out some new moves . Or perhaps just have a good time .
But a milonga is not just a place to find a good time and great dances . A milonga is where we go to find ourselves . We find ourselves in others , oftentimes in those who are like us in some way .
We may dance with a beginner and be reminded our own journey and struggles . That beginner may elicit kindness and compassion – the kind that builds and sustains communities of warmth and growth . They may remind us what it 's like to dance without ego… to simply be happy in another 's embrace moving to music that is new and exciting .
In beginners , we may find a part of ourselves that we lost touch with long ago .
We may dance with someone more advanced and discover something in them that is just beginning to bloom within us… Perhaps they emulate vulnerability or expression that we ache to embrace in ourselves . We may see our own future in that dancer and become inspired to deepen our development .
A dancer may evoke parts of ourselves to come out to play… expressions and abilities we did n't know existed or were capable of executing . That same person may trigger insecurity or anxiety . Finding those emotions gives us direction on what to work on next ( i.e. , staying calm , building confidence , or simply enjoying the dance ) .
And some nights , we may find ourselves sitting alone . Waiting and expecting . Wondering why we are invisible as others overlook us . We can find ourselves in those moments too . Finding oneself in an undesired state is a nudge to change something .
Perhaps we need to circulate more… walk the room and greet everyone we know in the room . Spark conversation with a new person , perhaps someone we would n't normally engage with . You never know what part of yourself you will find in another . When we are truly being authentic , we will find some part of ourselves in every person .
Sometimes it 's as simple as being open to the moment without any expectation . When we stop going to the milonga with an expectation of getting something specific , we change our entire experience . Instead of seeking the “ perfect tanda ” , seek to find yourself in every moment , with every person in every dance .
Pay attention to what each person elicits in you ; joy , inspiration , insecurity , anxiety , playfulness , vulnerability , artistry , sensuality , fear , hesitation , perhaps envy ! Challenge yourself to surrender fully to whatever you feel , and allow yourself to feel the rawness of that emotion into your dance .
Remember the dancer who wished the leads were more exciting to dance with ? Perhaps what she REALLY wanted was to experience more dynamic and playfulness in her own dancing .
Instead of seeking to “ get ” what we need from others , perhaps it 's time we find what 's missing in ourselves – and build it within .
Written in collaboration with Marcos Questas @ marcosrutatango.com .
Here 's some new video of Russia 's second Sukhoi PAK FA stealth fighter 's first flight at the company 's Siberian plant in early March . It 's pretty good film of the jet which supposedly sacrifices stealthiness for better maneuverability against the U.S. ' F-22 Raptor . Speaking of maneuverability , watch for the shot of the PAK FA 's thrust vectoring engine nozzles in action at the 1:07 minute mark . You can also get some good views of what 's probably the jet 's infrared search and track pod mounted just in front of the cockpit canopy . This second PAK FA prototype is supposedly being used to test out some of the plane 's mission systems while the first plane , which flew for the first time last year , is being used to test out the actual airframe design .
This footage was apparently “ officially leaked ” by Sukhoi , according to a tipster .
Here 's more video of the new Russian fighter .
Here 's a little more info on the jet .
A few weeks ago David Nolen announced Om : a thin ClojureScript wrapper over Facebook 's React , which provides a functional API for building interactive browser apps . I spent a few hours scattered over my Christmas vacation building a sample app in Om and have really enjoyed it .
What I learned : Om is a practical way to build web user interfaces in a functional style , and a lot of fun .
Below are a few impressions and tips . I 'm not an experienced Clojurian nor do I have any private information about the design and future of Om , so I suspect David will shake his head at various parts of this post and my code . And that 's fine .
What I built
CartoCrayon is an early experiment in styling geojson data .
Right now it only has one baked-in dataset and only works with a specific map , but you can select geographic features and style them manually or based on data . You can try it out if you do n't mind the poor user experience .
I figured this would be an interesting challenge for Om because it involves some traditional browser UI work but also requires cooperating with a stateful mapping library that ca n't just be re-rendered each time .
Working in ClojureScript
I 've been excited about ClojureScript ever since I heard the announcement . I 've tried to pick it up for real use three or four times over the past two years and always reached a hurdle I was n't willing to scale . There were problems getting an environment working , incompatible version issues , debugging pains , really slow builds resulting in really large files , and headaches with js interop . The last time I tried , several months ago , everything about the language clicked really well , but the available options for working with the DOM were either not expressive enough for my needs , or just thin wrappers over the stateful DOM methods , which seemed to mar the beauty of the Clojure code .
If you experienced these kinds of problems and gave up on ClojureScript in the past , let me be the first to invite you back for a second try . As a language , a toolset , and a library ecosystem , ClojureScript is ready for prime-time . Starting a project , building it , and getting a repl are really easy . Build times and sizes are way down . Interop is a lot easier . Source-maps make debugging usually painless . The only problem I have is that I still do n't understand the advanced compilation options .
And now Om provides an idiomatic , functional DOM abstraction .
How to start
Learn ClojureScript . You can pick up enough of it to be dangerous with ClojureScript : Up and Running although you 'll eventually want to read a full Clojure book to understand all the details . Understand React . Start with the very good React Tutorial . It 's also worth skimming the Guides linked on that page . And bookmark the Component Lifecycle doc , which you will want to refer to often . Learn to use Om . Start with the Conceptual overview . Then browse the Om TodoMVC implementation which shows a simple example of rendering state to the DOM and reacting to DOM events with state changes . There are a few tricky bits involving channels , but after two or three reads it is quite comprehensible . Then read the source of Om core , skimming the cursor implementations the first time through .
The enemy DOM is down , or : orienting yourself in Om
In my mental model of MV * apps , the models are at the bottom , with views above them . Views have direct references to models , but models only talk to views through callbacks . I tend to picture myself on the view layer , issuing commands to , or receiving notifications from , the models beneath me .
My mental model of Om is flipped . I 'm standing at the top of a cliff with the application 's state . The enemy DOM is down . Changes to the application state roll downhill , getting passed through the components that reference them , resulting in an avalanche of changes on the DOM . On the other hand , getting changes from user interactions back into the application state is fighting against gravity and supposed to be a bit harder .
I find Om most useful when I design my data layout following this model : the path from data to DOM should be natural and cheap , even if it means that getting user interactions back into the application state is somewhat harder and more expensive .
Interacting with stateful libraries
My project involved a map with a somewhat expensive DOM setup and big pieces of geographic data that should only get parsed once . Interacting with these stateful items from Om was surprisingly easy .
The map gets initialized only once , when the map component is first attached to the DOM , and then saved into the map 's state :
( defn map-view [ layers ] ( reify om/IDidMount ( did-mount [ _ owner _ ] ( om/set-state ! owner [ : leaflet-map ] ( L.mapbox.map `` map '' ) ) ) ; … ) )
The geographic data gets parsed only once , added to the map , and put into the feature component 's state when the component is initialized the first time . Each time the component is updated with new data , we just grab the existing data from the component state and restyle it :
( defn map-feature [ feature { : keys [ map ] } ] ( reify om/IInitState ( init-state [ _ _ ] ( let [ feature-layer ( L.geoJson ( : geometry feature ) ) ] ( .addLayer map feature-layer ) { : feature-layer feature-layer } ) ) om/IDidUpdate ( did-update [ _ owner _ _ _ ] ( .setStyle ( om/get-state owner [ : feature-layer ] ) ( resolve-styles feature ) ) ) ; … ) )
These are examples where we really need to maintain pieces of state and not recalculate them each time . Om handles them quite well , while making functional updates very easy .
Lifecycle methods
When working with object-oriented , stateful UIs , I often add extra bits of display logic into event handlers besides just changing model data . I thought that I would miss this in Om , since each component would render its current state without knowing exactly what had caused the change . In most cases I have been able to work around this by using React 's lifecycle methods .
For example , when selecting a geographic feature on the map , the feature list should scroll to the newly-selected item . Because this happens in response to a specific user interaction , and not to other interactions that might cause the exact same model-level change , I would normally add this behavior into the right view-level event listener . With React/Om , I made this a responsibility of the component that displays each feature 's row in the table . In the did-update method , I check the row 's current and previous state : if it is now selected but was n't during the last render , then it scrolls the table to make itself visible :
( defn feature-row [ feature { : keys [ cols select ] } ] ( reify om/IDidUpdate ( did-update [ _ _ prev _ node ] ( let [ prev-data ( .-__om_value prev ) ] ( if ( and ( : selected feature ) ( not ( : selected prev-data ) ) ) ( ensure-feature-visible node ) ) ) ) ) )
The syntax to get the previous data is a bit ugly and it looks like David is planning to change it .
Why Om ?
I have tried using functionally-oriented UI tools in the past and been frustrated by problems with expressiveness or modularity . The two approaches I have tried , using Rx streams or FRP , are both very expressive at taking data and building interfaces . But as apps grow more complex , these approaches make it quite complicated to change the data in response to user interactions . At the beginning you have nice data flows , but many kinds of minor adjustments require making major changes to those data flows , and they eventually become too hard for me to understand .
As an example , try reading the code for a to-do list in an FRP style . The code to go from data to UI widgets is quite clean . But the widget ca n't handle its own update and is n't generic , but has to directly call a function to update the application state based on the specific data layout .
Om components have an extra trick up their sleeves to solve this problem . Each component receives a cursor that has both its data and a mechanism for updating that specific data . The default cursor is a zipper : a local piece of data that knows where it is in the global state tree . You call update on that piece of data , and it actually triggers an update on the correct spot in the global data . Other implementations may be available soon .
This means that Om components are more modular than any other functional UI widgets I have seen : they can get handed a piece of pure data , can update just their data without knowing how it is laid out in the global state , and everything just works .
What 's next
I am hesitant to speak about the future of Om , both because David is taking it where he wants to and because I 'm not yet fluent enough with Clojure and the functional style to know whether things I want are good ideas or just doing it wrong .
So here is my personal roadmap for getting more used to working in Om :
Figure out the ClojureScript advanced compilation mode so I can get a real release-quality single-file js build .
Clean up my vacation project , refactoring and creating some Om utilities as needed , to see how clean and readable I can make the code .
Try implementing generic , reusable components . I think the biggest challenge will be to establish some conventions for the shape of the data .
Learn more core.async . I have Timothy Baldridge 's talk queued up to better understand how to think in channels .
Write an alternate cursor implementation . I 'd like the component 's update method to be polymorphic on the cursor it 's given , so that you could write custom cursors that support their own update semantics .
I 'll be excited to follow David 's work on Om and see the things we build with it .
The U.S. labor market topped expectations in April .
In April , the U.S. economy added 211,000 jobs and the unemployment rate fell to a new post-crisis low of 4.4 % . This is the lowest unemployment rate since May 2007 .
Wages , which are closely tracked by the Federal Reserve , rose 0.3 % month-on-month , as expected . The the annual increase in wages , however , disappointed with wages up just 2.5 % over the same month last year . Economists had expected a 2.7 % increase in wages over the prior year . Weekly hours worked were steady at 34.4 .
The U-6 unemployment rate , also known as the underemployment rate , fell to 8.6 % after hitting a post-crisis low of 8.9 % in March . Last month , Gary Cohn , President Trump 's chief economic advisor , said the administration is focused on the underemployment rate .
Source : BLS More
Following the report , U.S. stock futures were little-changed . Treasury yields were also little-changed , with the 10-year sitting near 2.35 % and the 2-year near 1.31 % .
Friday 's report also showed that manufacturing payrolls grew by 6,000 in April , though the labor force participation rate — which had been stabilizing in recent months — fell to 62.9 % . March 's report , which initially showed the economy added 98,000 jobs during the month , was revised down to show just 79,000 jobs were added . Over the past 3 months , job gains have averaged 174,000 .
Also notable is that retail sector jobs , which had plunged in recent months , were up by a little more than 6,000 in April . The biggest additions were from leisure and hospitality jobs , which rose by 55,000 , and education and health services jobs , up 41000 in April .
“ The U.S. job market is in solid shape , with underlying job growth of around 175,000 per month , ” said PNC chief economist Gus Faucher .
“ This is about double underlying labor force growth , and thus labor market slack continues to diminish , pushing up wages… With continued solid job growth , the U.S. economic expansion will continue throughout 2017 . ”
Capping a busy week for markets and political news , the report was expected to show a rebound in hiring last month after March 's report disappointed .
Via Bloomberg , here 's what Wall Street was looking for on Friday :
Nonfarm payrolls : +190,000
Unemployment rate : 4.6 %
Average hourly earnings , month-on-month : +0.3 %
Average hourly earnings , year-on-year : +2.7 %
Average weekly hours worked : 34.4
—
Myles Udland is a writer at Yahoo Finance . Follow him on Twitter @ MylesUdland
For those of you wondering , the phone is really ugly . It looks like a tiny office building and is clearly aimed at people with more money than style . So we thought we 'd dive into the world of the stupidly rich with far too much cash to play with , and see what we came back with . And believe us , folks : it ai n't pretty .
Still reeling from the shock of the Dior phone , we did n't see this one coming . An iPhone that retails at £1.92 million . The iPhone 3GS Supreme Rose , designed by Stuart Hughes , offers all the features of a standard iPhone , as well as being studded with hundreds of diamonds in pink . Well , gosh , Stuart , you sure know what the ladies like . Obviously , your pink sparkly iPhone Supreme Rose would n't be complete without this limited edition gold and diamond encrusted Bluetooth headset . Encrusted , mind , not studded . The only encrusted thing I have ever had is a chicken kiev . And at $ 50,000 ( £31,105 ) for the headset , it looks like that chicken kiev is the closest I 'll get .
If you 're the type of person that 's reading this and thinking , “ OK , yeah , I could go for that ” , then you clearly have absolutely no sense whatsoever so you 'd probably be interested in this too ; a vacuum cleaner for $ 19,000 ( £11,820 ) , the Crystal Ergoripado . While your maid potters about , sucking up dirt with Henry 's obscenely expensive cousin with a name like a stripper , you can do some of that paperwork that 's been piling up , and then collate it all together nicely with these gold-plated staples . At £50 a pop , you certainly wo n't be playing “ how much pain can I really feel in the tip of my finger anyway ? ” with these badboys . And after a hard day 's stapling , you can throw yourself on your sofa in front of your £1.43 million television ( Stuart Hughes is at it again ! ) , turn up the sound on your £1.24 million speakers , and watch a nice episode of Corrie . Lovely .
If you 're more outdoorsy – perhaps in our indulgent fantasy you 've made your millions running an extreme heli-skiing company , or chopping down rainforests – then we have the luxurious answer for you . A Louis Vuitton skateboard at about £5,000 . Decorated with the acid pink , pseudo-graff ( but not logo ) writing made famous by so many Essex girls , you can be guaranteed that if you take this down to Stockwell skate park , you will get punched in the mouth . In a similar vein , we offer for your ridicule and disgust , this Chanel surfboard . The giant logo on the underside means that even if you wipeout , everyone will know you 're rich , so who gives a crap if you ca n't surf .
Seeing as you 're so impractically rich that you own a Chanel surfboard , you probably would n't want to cramp your style with something as bourgeois as a wetsuit , so we suggest this bikini from Susan Rosen . It 's made purely from diamonds and platinum , and described with lots of words such as `` flawless '' , `` emerald cut '' and `` 51 carat '' , which we assume means they 're really good diamonds . It covers very little of your body , costs £18.6 million and probably hurts quite a lot . To finish up , no itsy witsy teeny winy fucking expensive diamond bikini would be complete without a pair of blinging shoes , so how about these by Stuart Weitzman ? For a comparatively cheap £1.24 mil , you can have the pleasure of looking like one of Girls Aloud on their wedding day . Which is all we really want , deep down . You 're welcome .
Calling the Tribes community `` passionate and vocal '' is quite the understatement . I 've always viewed Tribes more like a fast-paced , high-flying online sport than just an FPS . And Tribes fans are certainly as passionate as the most hard-core sports fans . Think about the fierce debates involved with a proposed rule change in sports , say moving the 3-point line in basketball , and you get a sense for how the community argues even among itself about which previous Tribes was actually the best and why , and how to best improve the game . Of course as the Dev team we want to remain true to the core IP but also improve and evolve the franchise .
So our biggest challenge is that , even though Hi-Rez has a great reputation for working with the community , in the case of Tribes it is not a single community . The community is actually divided into sub-factions in that some believe T1 was best , some T2 , and some T : V. This is also a huge opportunity because we have a chance to bring all these skilled and incredibly knowledgeable players together within our single brand-new title , Tribes : Ascend , and introduce the franchise to a new generation of FPS players .
We answer most fan mail with the acknowledgement , 'we know how many Tribes means to you , and we 'll try not to f * * * it up ' .
DAY ONE of the first Linuxcon in Europe has kicked off in Prague where the Linux Foundation has announced a Linux kernel initiative for embedded systems .
The Long Term Support Initiative ( LTSI ) has been created by the Linux Foundation 's consumer electronics workgroup . It aims to provide an annual release of a Linux kernel and regular updates over a two year period .
Jim Zemlin , executive director of The Linux Foundation said , `` The CE industry has leveraged Linux to reduce costs and speed time to market . Now they are taking the next step to reduce the costly duplication of effort at work maintaining custom kernels . ''
`` LTSI is an important effort because it will allow vendors to share the work of maintaining a common kernel for the consumer electronics industry , resulting in more use of Linux in the industry and increasing contributions from CE makers to the advancement of Linux . ''
The LTSI has been created and supported by big name brands such as Samsung , Sony , Toshiba and Panasonic . It will be hosted by the Linux Foundation to maintain a common base .
According to the Linux Foundation , the project will combine innovative features in newer systems needed by consumer electronics vendors that need to have a stable kernel , whilst helping them get their code upstream to benefit the rest of the Linux community .
`` The goal is to reduce the number of private trees currently in use in the CE industry and encourage more collaboration and sharing of development resources , '' it said .
Keep an eye on The INQUIRER for more news from Linuxcon Europe today and tomorrow . µ
The initial reaction from the UK 's media was a pretty glum one when England were drawn into Group D of next the 2014 World Cup along with Uruguay , Italy and Costa Rica . Who could blame the media for having that perception ?
The Sun had a headline the day after the 2010 World Cup Draw with EASY : “ England , Algeria , Slovenia , Yanks ” , but the headline for this draw was “ Lord Help Us ” with Rio de Janeiro 's Christ the Redeemer statue as their chosen picture to accompany their humorous headline .
With the fourth place team from the last World Cup , the finalists of Euro 2012 and… um… Costa Rica… then anybody 's reaction would immediately be a negative one from an English perspective . Even the Chairman of the Football Association , Greg Dyke , indicated to Roy Hodgson that there is no hope of England getting out of the group stage by figuratively cutting his throat .
My personal reaction to the draw was also one filled with pessimism . Yet after reviewing the group , the situation may not be so bleak after all for England . Here is how I break down England 's opposition .
Uruguay : The seeded team of this group is proof that FIFA 's world rankings are skewed and unfair . For all the hype that Uruguay bring going into this World Cup , they should definitely not be considered as one of the favourites to go far in this competition .
Here are the positives that England should take into consideration when entering the Arena de São Paulo . Uruguay struggled to qualify for the tournament . They finished fifth in the CONEMBOL qualification stage , behind supposedly inferior teams in Chile and Ecuador , meaning that they had to beat Jordan in the playoff stage in order to progress .
Uruguay does have a deadly trio of a strikeforce in Luis Suarez , Edison Cavani and Diego Forlan , but if you take away these three strikers then what you are left with is an experienced supporting cast , but one could consider this squad to be too experienced yet not all that talented .
Admittedly it will still be difficult for England to get the win in São Paulo considering that this is Uruguay 's home continent ( if that actually means anything ) and the fact they have achieved semi-finals in both the last World Cup and in the Confederations Cup this year .
Italy : The Italians have recently become known as a “ team of smiles ” , far from the negative and defensive football that produced World Cup glory in Germany seven years ago .
This is the team that England should have the most cause for concern about . Germany 's head coach , Joachim Low stated that the Italians are arguably one of the trickiest teams to play against . He should know since the Italians put the Germans out en route to the Euro 2012 final . The Italians also knocked the English out in the quarter finals in the same tournament and they also have experience of playing competitive football in Brazil recently with their Confederations Cup performance .
Italy 's squad has some experienced leaders amongst their ranks with Gianluigi Buffon , Andrea Pirlo , Daniele De Rossi and Giorgio Chiellini set to lead a bunch of players who are in their prime . Undoubtedly this squad is dangerous , but scoring goals in this tournament might be a concern for the Italians . They do n't really have a great striker outside of Mario Balotelli on their books ; the only striker that has scored more than ten goals other than Balotelli is Genoa 's Alberto Gilardino , though thanks to his form in Serie A so far this season , the time may be now for Fiorentina 's Giuseppe Rossi . Needless to say , the goals are more likely to come from their talented midfield rather than their forwards .
Costa Rica : Cannon fodder . That is all . The only positive thing I can say about Costa Rica is that they may be more accustomed to the Brazilian climate , but all three teams will be looking to beat this team by a significant margin .
The other question that should be asked here is how should England approach Group D if they are to qualify for the knockout stages ?
The minimum amount of points England should aim for is five . Draws against Uruguay and Italy are definitely achievable whilst a win against Costa Rica should happen .
One would expect England to play the sort of football that they did during their Euro 2012 campaign : compact and well-organised defensively . It was ugly and negative on one hand , but it certainly worked for Roy Hodgson 's men . England 's attacking options are limited outside of Wayne Rooney and therefore we see players like Andros Townsend and Danny Welbeck , who are by no means extraordinary talents , start for the squad because they fit into Hodgson 's desired system .
I reckon they will play this turgid system against both Uruguay and Italy and do enough to get the draws . They will approach Costa Rica with the exciting gusto of their last two qualifying campaigns and attempt to get a huge result against the Costa Ricans .
If they play like this then second place is achievable . Costa Rica will not gain a single point in the group . Therefore it comes down to Uruguay vs Italy as the crunch game for England ; if this game is a draw then England might be screwed as it could be possible that all three teams end up on five points , assuming England do indeed get the draw against both Uruguay and Italy . If this ends for a win between one of these squads , then expect England to qualify for the knockout stages .
England may not be in the best group and they are far from being contenders for winning the tournament but to suggest that they are already out before the competition has begun is just sheer stupidity .
I 'm not being overly-optimistic by saying this but a quarter-final appearance is on the cards as long as they play the same organised football that saw them reach the same stage at the European Championships . If they do that , then the result will take care of itself .
Thanks for reading ! You can follow me on Twitter – @ BrodSutherland . Give the site a follow while you 're at it – @ LastWordOnSport . Do n't forget to take a quick moment and like our Facebook Page !
Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands of fans at r/football .
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports ? Find more info at our “ Join Our Team ” page .
Image credit : www.1000goals.com
As video games continue to search for their voice and place in cultural relevancy , they tackle new subjects and issues facing contemporary society . Ten years ago , the world was an entirely different place , especially in terms of LGBTQ acceptance . Joystiq recently learned that in 2003 's Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic , the inclusion of a lesbian character had to be hidden from developer BioWare 's other employees , including the marketing team . Why ? There was fear surrounding the audience 's reaction . `` I think for a long time , it was just assumed that nobody would accept it , '' David Gaider , the lead writer for the Canadian developer 's Dragon Age series said , speaking at San Francisco 's GaymerX convention .
In the decade since KotOR 's release , the RPG-house has n't shied away from such inclusions . In its blockbuster space opera Mass Effect 3 , players have the option of pursuing same-sex romances ; there are numerous openly gay characters , too . This could have caused some to avoid the multi-million selling series ' conclusion , but Gaider said that he thinks there is equal evidence of some people buying the games because of their accepting nature . He posited that as a result , other publishers and developers will likely follow suit because they 're `` copycats . '' For the panel 's full conversation , read Joystiq 's report about the `` hump of assumptions '' associated with LGBTQ representation in games like The Sims and Jade Empire .
A DNA test has determined that the Indian middle-distance runner Pinki Pramanik , who won gold in the women 's 400m at the Asian Games , is in fact male , police announced Monday . The controversial medical report has led authorities to charge the athlete with rape , impersonation , and cheating .
The runner 's live-in partner brought charges in June that Pramanik had been impersonating a woman and had raped her . Pramanik denied the accusations and initially refused to undergo a gender test .
Pramanik 's subsequent arrest , imprisonment , and repeated inconclusive gender tests have been criticized as discriminatory . Experts have said that Pramanik could suffer from a condition called Congenital Adrenal Hyperplacia , in which females develop male physical attributes .
Up until 1999 , the International Olympic Committee used mandatory DNA testing to determine athletes ' gender . Criticism from medical authorities that DNA testing is inconclusive caused the practice to be abandoned . Several high-profile gender disputes prompted IOC officials to return to gender testing before the London Olympic Games by defining normal female hormone thresholds , a measure that has also received widespread criticism from the scientific community .
Via Times of India
• Includes a daily brain workout mini-game for Apple Watch
• Includes animated sticker pack
• App Store – Best Apple Watch Game of 2015
• App Store – Best of 2014
• German Developer Award 2014 – Best mobile Game
• German Video Game Award 2015 – Best mobile Game
• Pocket Gamer Awards 2015 Finalist Best Casual/Puzzle Game & Most Innovative Game
RULES ! is a cute puzzle game that 's challenging , fast-paced and fun .
• Choose your preferred type of game : Beginner , Expert or Timeless •
“ What 's presented here is a stylish , original , clever puzzle game that I 'm having trouble putting down long enough to write this review. ” ~ Gamezebo
“ A delightfully constructed memory test that grows in complexity and appeal the deeper in you go. ” ~ Pocket Gamer
“ The Coding Monkeys have never released anything that was n't utterly brilliant , therefore Rules shall almost certainly be brilliant. ” ~ Pocket Tactics
Follow RULES ! into a hundred level-deep maze of cuteness and order :
• Multi-touch interface at its finest
• Color perception assistance mode
• Whales , Unicorns , Robots and Squirrels !
• A plethora of surprising new game mechanics
Greetings Chroniclers ! I want to especially welcome everyone finding us through Tumblr ! We had a lot of new followers stop by this past week and let me personally welcome you all !
If you 're wondering what 's going on here , I 'm drawing my way through all 77 race/class combinations in the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook and with this week 's entries WE 'VE HIT 50 ! ! We 're currently doing the half-elves . If you 've missed any previous entries you can catch up HERE !
Hey , do you use Roll20 or another virtual tabletop ? You can pick up the half-elves so far as free Character Codex tokens suitable for use in any virtual tabletop environment ! Each week I 'll put that week 's characters up and you can pick up the whole set by the time that race is done . Missed a race ? You can pick up the whole pack in the Artist 's Shop .
Want to support the Character Codex ? Have me draw your own personal RPG character ! RPG Character Sketches are inexpensive and a great way to show off your characters unique qualities . You can find out more about that HERE !
Now , let 's take a look at this week 's Half-Elves !
Beck performs at Outside Lands Music Festival in 2012
Photo by Trixie Textor/Getty Images .
Beck 's new album , Song Reader , contains no actual recordings . It 's an album of sheet music , 20 songs in total , handsomely packaged in a navy blue hardback portfolio . Each tune is printed on thick white paper in individual pamphlets , complete with hand-drawn color illustrations and amusing asides . The songs have titles like “ The Last Polka ” and “ America , Here 's My Boy. ” There are references to real songs from the late 1800s , whimsical snippets of other hypothetical songs , and elaborate fake period advertisements . The package is pleasing to the touch—a deluxe , relentlessly tangible object issued by the indie book publisher McSweeney 's just in time for Christmas .
When you hold Beck 's old-timey paper “ album ” in your hands , you can almost feel the amount of time and care that was clearly put into it . It 's more than a quaint retro pastiche . But it 's not a revolution , either .
Song Reader is charming—even sort of funny . You can almost imagine it as a plot twist in an episode of Portlandia—Fred Armisen transcribes all of his vinyl records into sheet music to one-up his indie neighbors with his retro cred . “ The pop of the early 20th century had a different character , ” writes Beck in the long , earnest preface . The songs back in this golden era , he muses , included “ thousands of ‘ moon ' songs , exotic-locale songs , place-name songs , songs about new inventions , stuttering songs—but even though much of the music was formulaic , there was originality and eccentricity as well. ” ( Song Reader also includes an introduction by Slate music critic Jody Rosen . )
In another sense , Song Reader is as brilliant as it is obnoxious , a fuck you to the legions of MP3 downloaders who would have otherwise procured Beck 's new album for free within seconds . Want to listen to Beck 's new record ? Too bad—you have to play it yourself . There 's a nontrivial barrier to entry : You 'll need to know how to read music , as the songs are written using conventional staff notation . ( There are guitar tabs , too . ) If you 've taken a few years of piano lessons , it 's not a big deal . If you 're Jimi Hendrix—who could n't read music—it 's a struggle .
So what does the music sound like ? I played through the songs on a keyboard , finally putting those grade school piano lessons to good use . They 're solid , catchy tunes , and the lyrics have an old-fashioned , slightly demented charm . ( Some sample rhymes , from “ Rough on Rats ” : “ Your crawfish fingers and your dirty dregs/ Your sideways stingers and your wooden legs/ They 're throwing out jewels like rotten eggs. ” ) Beck has taken pains to appeal to beginners ; the majority of the songs are in C or G major . Some of the songs are more involved— “ We All Wear Cloaks ” sports a tricky 7/4 time signature ; “ Old Shanghai ” includes additional parts for horns and ukulele . The guitar tabs are pretty basic ; if you can play open chords in G , C , A , and D , then you can get through most of these songs . After two tries , I had mostly mastered my first Song Reader ballad , “ Do n't Act Like Your Heart Is n't Hard. ” A prog-rocker pal of mine rolled his eyes after looking at the sheets , deeming them “ not complex enough ” to be worth his time .
Beck is encouraging people to post the results of their efforts , and dozens of people thus far have uploaded their versions of the songs , via YouTube , on songreader.net . ( Beck has recorded demos of the songs on Song Reader , but they have n't been released . ) Many of the versions uploaded thus far , interesting as they are , are largely faithful to the sheet music . The variation comes in the tempo , the instrumentation , the singing , the occasional blunders . One wonders what would have resulted if Beck had instead dispensed with conventional notation and released more abstract graphic scores , like many of the experimental composers of the 20th century . Beck 's own grandfather , the late avant-garde artist Al Hansen , pushed a piano off the top of a five-story building in the 1940s—a famous performance art piece that later became known as “ Yoko Ono Piano Drop. ” The elder Hansen hung out at Andy Warhol 's Factory and counted John Cage and Nam June Paik as friends . Presumably , he would have thrown the traditional sheet music out the window with the piano , too .
Beck 's Song Reader
Product shot .
Song Reader encapsulates Beck 's web of contradictions . When I first saw Beck play live—17 years ago at Lollapalooza—he was a smirking twentysomething with a knit cap pulled over his head , mumbling his way through “ Loser ” while staring at his sneakers . Fast-forward four years , and he 's dancing like James Brown onstage at the VH1 Fashion Awards , yelping at the mic and owning the party . He cycled through countless personas and big-name producers over the years , releasing hit album after hit album , but claims he 's a shy guy . “ I was never the guy out all night in bars , hanging out with people in other bands , ” he told the New York Times ' Dave Itzkoff in 2008 . “ I was home watching Antonioni movies , or reading , or going for hikes. ” In Song Reader , the guy who once rhymed “ tweak my nipple ” with “ champagne and ripple ” on Midnite Vultures gives us antediluvian lines like “ The wolf 's on the hill , the baby 's in the briar . ”
Another Beck hobby is the Record Club , where he and his friends get together and play a classic album start to finish in a day . ( Record Club choices thus far have ranged from Songs of Leonard Cohen to Yanni : Live at the Acropolis . ) With Song Reader , Beck seems to want to get everyone in on his Record Club by encouraging listeners to participate in the process of making music . “ Learning to play a song is its own category of experience ; recorded music made much of that participation unnecessary , ” Beck argues .
It 's an odd sentiment for a former sampling maven whose hit albums like Odelay were created with the Dust Brothers—whose production credits include the Beastie Boys ' collage masterpiece Paul 's Boutique . If anything , recorded music enabled new forms of participation to happen—sampling , DJing , and remixing , for starters . With sampling , you could “ play ” a recording like an instrument . Recorded music made hip-hop possible—hip-hop got its start , after all , with two turntables and a microphone .
Which is another way of saying that sampling helped make Beck 's career . Want to play “ Jack-Ass , ” one of Beck 's best-known songs ? It 's tough to notate in sheet music because it relies heavily on a looped sample of a song from 1966—Them 's cover of Bob Dylan 's “ It 's All Over Now , Baby Blue. ” Beck 's song is more than the melody ; it 's the grain of the sample itself , the watery timbres , the hazy soft-focus memories implied by the ‘ 60s riff .
The advent of recorded sound upended our notions of what music could be . Rock , jazz , hip-hop , dub , reggae , disco , and most other popular genres born in the past century are tied to recordings ; their life is not in sheet music . Recorded music gave us an array of new possibilities , new sounds , and new confusion about authorship .
Song Reader takes us back to an era when sheet music was king . In this simpler , seemingly halcyon time , friends would gather around a piano in the parlor and play popular songs together . Sheet music served another purpose , too ; it was a commodity that could be bought , sold , attributed to a single author , and copyrighted . ( The copy machine was decades from being invented . )
“ Do We ? We Do ” from Beck 's Song Reader
Product shot .
Song Reader was partly inspired by the story of a song called “ Sweet Leilani , ” released by Bing Crosby in 1937 . “ Apparently , it was so popular that , by some estimates , the sheet music sold 54 million copies , ” Beck marvels . “ Home-played music had been so widespread that nearly half the country had bought the sheet music for a single song , and had presumably gone through the trouble of learning to play it . It was one of those statistics that offers a clue to something fundamental about our past . ”
The funny thing is , Bing Crosby could n't read sheet music . He would n't have been able to sing his best-selling “ Sweet Leilani ” from the notation . By all accounts , Crosby had a great ear ; he could apparently learn a song after hearing it once . Crosby became increasingly dependent on recording and eventually helped to ignite the recording revolution in America .
In the late 1940s , Crosby wanted to prerecord his popular radio shows , so he could play more golf and spend more time with his family . The lacquered transcription discs of the era , used for voice recording , did n't sound good enough . But tape machines were capable of capturing high-quality audio , which could then be edited . In 1947 , Crosby saw a demo of the German Magnetophon tape recorder in action and was highly impressed ; the Germans made the best tape machines at that time . Crosby quickly realized that tape recording was the key to more golf . In 1948 , Crosby helped kick-start Ampex , the legendary American tape-machine maker , which was then in its early stages , by cutting the nascent company a check for $ 50,000 .
In some small way , Crosby helped make Beck possible . Few artists are more savvy about the possibilities of the recording studio than Beck ; he routinely collaborates with top producers like Nigel Godrich and recently took a turn as a producer himself . In 2002 , Beck broke up with his long-term girlfriend , and fun party-music Beck made way for painfully sincere acoustic-guitar Beck . But the “ stripped-down ” sound of the resulting album , Sea Change—made with Godrich 's help—is just as painstakingly constructed as Beck 's sample-heavy records . Listen closely and you 'll hear the subtle effects on the vocals , the layers of overdubs , the reverb on the guitar . It is a product of the recording studio , just like everything else Beck has done .
Song Reader is the latest signpost of the new earnestness in our culture , a culture that McSweeney 's is a part of , too . Like pickling , building your own furniture , or painstakingly recreating cocktails from the 1920s , Beck 's Song Reader encourages us to work on a craft , to revive a bygone era . It 's not a bad thing—it 's a constructive impulse , and a sincere one .
Take it as an opportunity to spend a few fun hours with a sibling during the holidays , or use it as an excuse to pick up a guitar again , or even as a way to think a bit differently about what it means to live in the age of recorded music . Just do n't mistake it for a manifesto .
Angry young girls : Binge-drinking culture 'creating a generation of aggressive and out-of-control women '
The number of teenage girls who are physically aggressive and lash out at school and at home has risen at an alarming rate , experts claimed yesterday .
More and more girls are binge drinking and – tired of being regarded as the passive sex – are emulating male behaviour .
The disturbing trend has been noted by the British Association of Anger Management , which is dealing with increasing numbers of ‘ out-of-control ' and aggressive young women .
Ladettes : Young women , fed-up with being labelled the passive sex , are increasingly 'emulating male behaviour '
The association 's findings echo statistics which found the ‘ ladette ' yob culture was on the rise , with 200 women convicted of violent crime every week .
The number of women found guilty of murder , vicious assault or other attacks has risen by 81 per cent since 1998 .
Leading anger management psychotherapist Mike Fisher said there was a strong link between the rise in binge-drinking among young girls and their physical aggression .
He said : ‘ Girls are generally better at dealing with their feelings , whereas boys keep it inside . However , when girls drink they are anaesthetising their feelings .
‘ Suddenly they are not able to cope with their emotions appropriately , but that anger has to go somewhere .
‘ Unlike their mothers , who perhaps did not drink as much , they become violent . '
Speaking ahead of Anger Awareness Week , which begins on Wednesday , Mr Fisher said : ‘ The girls we are dealing with in schools are increasingly physically aggressive.They are tired of being pushed around by boys and they are fighting back .
‘ They are fed up with being the passive sex . '
Charity Parentline Plus reported that half of the calls it received from parents about their children 's extreme verbal and physical aggression related to girls .
One mother said her 15-year-old daughter had done ‘ exactly as she wants ' for six months , returning home from school late at night and disappearing over the weekend .
She said : ‘ This morning because I would n't take to school and buy her some tobacco , she flew into a rage , threw everything off my sideboard , smashed a glass and ripped a towel rail off the wall . '
Drinking to excess : Leading anger management psychotherapist Mike Fisher said there was a strong link between the rise in binge-drinking among young girls and their physical aggression
Mr Fisher said it was increasingly socially acceptable for young girls to vent their frustration in this way .
‘ Particularly in some of the inner-city schools we are visiting , it is seen as a sign of strength . Girls feel the need to “ hold their own ” and fight back if they are taunted by the boys . They are standing up for themselves , but just not in the right way . '
Simon Lawton Smith , of the Mental Health Foundation , said girls faced many modern-day challenges which could lead to anger issues .
He said : ‘ Girls face a new generation of potential triggers for problems such as premature sexualisation , commercialisation and alcohol misuse , and also some of the more long-standing issues like bullying and family breakdown . All these things can be triggers for anger . '
Mr Lawton Smith called for more anger management in schools .
He said : ‘ We know that much problem anger is left untackled in the UK .
‘ We need to ensure that access to such support is widely available to people of all ages .
‘ A clear commitment to research , information and education in this neglected area is essential , including anger management in schools .
‘ This should include measures to reduce stigma and fear around admitting to problem anger . '
More than 300 Chicago-area jobs will be lost when electronics retailer TigerDirect closes all but three of its 34 stores , including four Chicago-area locations and a distribution center .
About 40 employees at each location will be cut , a spokeswoman said . Stores in Orland Park , Hoffman Estates , Naperville and Vernon Hills are among those closing . According to the latest Illinois Warn report , layoffs will occur at the retail locations May 9 . A distribution center adjacent to the Naperville store will also be shuttered , with 172 workers scheduled to be laid off June 8 .
Officials at Systemax , parent of the Miami-based retailer , announced the closings last month after quarterly earnings revealed continued struggles in TigerDirect 's retail business . Richard Leeds , chairman and CEO of Systemax , said in a statement that the closures are a result of a decline seen throughout the industry , as consumers turn toward online electronics retail .
“ ( It is ) a reflection on the realities of the consumer and retail businesses over the past few years , ” he said . “ Exiting retail will allow us to place additional resources behind our B2B growth initiatives and will generate an immediate improvement of our overall financial performance . ”
TigerDirect 's online operations will continue , and Systemax plans to accelerate its worldwide business-to-business operations .
Leeds said the company expects the 31 TigerDirect stores to be shuttered by the end of June . The only remaining locations will be the technology products distribution center in Jefferson , Ga. , the Miami location , which is near the company 's North American technology headquarters , and a Puerto Rico location , which has a significant business-to-business operation .
In all , the company expects about 1,200 employees will lose their jobs . One-time exit and severance costs are expected to fall between $ 50 million and $ 55 million .
E-COMMERCE ACCELERATING
Neil Stern , senior partner at Chicago-based retail consultancy McMillan Doolittle , said that with electronics commerce accelerating faster than other online retail markets , companies such as TigerDirect will need to find their own formulas for survival .
“ When e-commerce reaches a certain level of penetration , which it has in categories like books and media and electronics , it gets really difficult to sustain retail stores in that environment , ” he said . “ You have to connect with customers , and the way to do that in the future is going to be omni-channel . . . ( and ) they have to figure out the model for that . ”
TigerDirect has watched big players in the electronics merchant world pave a path toward e-commerce . Richfield , Minn.-based Best Buy and Indianapolis-based HHGregg have closed dozens of brick-and-mortar stores in recent years in an effort to accelerate online business and find that sweet spot Stern mentioned .
Making that transition and finding its place among the competition will be vital for TigerDirect and Systemax , Stern said .
“ Electronics retail is particularly hard to make money because it is a very low-margin business and it is very competitive because it is sort of a customized product , ” he said . “ It 's easy for customers to go online to check prices and field the lowest price in the category . ”
Systemax posted $ 3.44 billion in net sales in 2014 , up from $ 3.35 billion in 2013 . A Systemax official was not available to comment further .
WHEN Oscar Pistorius was convicted of murder last month , the presiding judge described the case as a “ human tragedy of Shakespearean proportions ” . The Paralympic athlete 's fall from grace had followed a narrative arc that made this comparison appropriate : overcoming severe disability to reach “ Olympian heights ” , falling in love with a beautiful model , and , in a coincidence that would n't be out of place in one of the bard 's plays , taking her life on Valentine 's Day . Mr Pistorius 's tragic flaw was an excessive paranoia regarding intruders , which manifested itself in an enthusiasm for guns . His downfall will be complete when he is sentenced in April .
Mr Pistorius 's case is , indeed , peculiarly Shakespearean . But Justice Eric Leach , who delivered the judgement , is but one of a vast horde who have turned to the playwright in times of legal need . In 2012 , Britain 's High Court evoked “ King Lear ” in a trial regarding a “ menacing ” joke on Twitter—they eventually overturned a conviction on the grounds that social-media users “ are free to speak not what they ought to say , but what they feel ” . A choice snippet of “ Hamlet ” ( `` a little patch of ground that hath no profit in it but the name '' ) was recited in a 2008 boundary dispute ; a different chunk was used in a French court when discussing criminal liability ( “ I here proclaim was madness. ” ) . “ Henry VIII ” ( though wrongly attributed at the time as “ Henry IV ” ) was called forth by Senator Sam Ervin Jr during the Watergate hearings . The condemnation of Dzokhar Tsarnaev , one of the orchestrators of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings , was sealed with lines from “ Julius Caesar ” : “ the evil that men do lives after them ; the good is oft interred with their bones. ” These examples illuminate and beautify , and make court proceedings user-friendly . ( Sometimes it is mere ponderous showing-off : in 1978 , Judge Sir Gerald Fitzmaurice felt the need for a footnote explaining that his use of the phrase “ a very positive reply ” was lifted from act two , scene two , line 43 of “ Romeo and Juliet ” . )
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Lawyers ' love of Shakespeare is appropriate given that more of his lines are devoted to discussing law than any other profession . ( Some think his knowledge of the law was so detailed that the “ real ” Shakespeare must have been a lawyer . ) A study by Scott Dodson and Ami Dodson published last year set out to discover “ the most literary [ Supreme Court ] justice ” of those currently sitting , and which authors were regularly turned to for quotable wisdom . The “ most prolific citer and the widest read ” was found to be Antonin Scalia , and—no surprise—William Shakespeare topped the list of the oft-quoted , along with Lewis Carroll . Both Shakespeare and Carroll accrued sixteen references from five justices . Other popular authors among the bench were George Orwell , Charles Dickens , Aldous Huxley and Aesop . ( No female writer made the top ten . )
The words of Shakespeare are likely to reverberate around courtrooms for decades to come as many universities—particularly in America and Britain—have incorporated him into their law curriculum . Harvard Law School offers a seminar which focuses entirely on “ justice and morality in the plays of Shakespeare ” . King 's College London 's “ Shakespeare and the Law ” module is co-taught by the Literature and Law faculties , and explores “ the role of the law in mediating the place of the individual within society ” . There are sensible reasons behind this ; the University of Southampton , in line with recent studies , states ( not implausibly ) that it offers the opportunity to study law through a literary prism of Shakespeare , Dickens , Kafka and others in order to “ help law students to become more ethically astute practitioners ” . A study by David Comer Kidd and Emanuele Castano argues that reading literary fiction makes people show empathy , challenge preconceptions , and be more flexible in their decision-making—all of which are , presumably , desirable in practitioners of the law . A literary sensibility enables lawyers to present clear , structured opinions and briefs .
But what is it about the work of Shakespeare , in particular , that lends itself to legal quotation and reflection ? After all , as Robert Peterson pointed out in “ The Bard and the Bench ” , all 37 of Shakespeare 's plays—including the lesser-known “ The Two Noble Kinsmen ” and “ Timon of Athens ” —have been quoted by American courts , in over 800 judicial opinions . One answer lies in Shakespeare 's status as an embodiment of high culture ; citing him seeks to invest the judgement with credibility and invoke a sense of history . Mr Peterson notes that this can “ [ drive ] decisions in substantive ways ” , pushing courts towards familiar outcomes . Another option is Shakespeare 's universality —everyone has either read , or claims to have read , plays like “ Hamlet ” . His works have become a shared global parlance ; the term “ Shakespearean tragedy ” evokes a rise-and-fall narrative even if the listener is not intimate with the works themselves . The horrifying details of Mr Pistorius 's actions on that night , contextualised in a familiar Shakespearean frame , helps members of the court , and the public , to make sense of the unnecessary bloodshed . Either way , 400 years after the playwright 's death , Ben Jonson 's assessment is as true as ever : Shakespeare 's plays and wisdom are “ not of an age , but for all time ” .
Piece , Chicago 's New Haven pizza and brew palace on North Avenue , has been named `` independent pizzeria of the year '' by Pizza Today magazine . That makes Piece guru Bill Jacobs its August cover boy and means extra celebrating for the Jacobs brothers : July 27th marks Piece 's 10th anniversary in Chicago .
So what 's Jacobs ' go-to pizza for celebrating ? `` I am huge fan of pepperoni and banana peppers pizza , '' he said when The Stew caught up with him . `` And a classic New Haven pizza is a white clam pizza -- I love to put bacon on that as well . ''
For toasting ? `` I would go with a Heferweizen , a Bavarian wheat beer . ''
Pizza Today , a Louisville-based industry magazine , chose Piece from among the roughly 35,000 independent pizzerias in the United States , according to its top editor Jeremy White . `` The company 's sales volume is astounding . It is one of the most successful independent pizzerias in the nation , hands down , '' he emailed . `` Its product is unique in its market , its marketing is solid and it has obviously been honored for the quality of its beer in numerous competitions . ''
Piece is the first independent Chicago pizzeria to win in this , Pizza Today 's 10th year of handing out the honor . Averaging 3,600 pizzas a week between its restaurant and delivery-takeout operations , Piece seems to have found an appetite in Chicago 's pizza market amid the deep-dish , thin-crust and Neapolitan versions .
`` My brothers and I grew up in New Haven with fantastic thin-crust pizza , '' Jacobs said . “ It 's a chewy crust , yet a little crisp . You can fold it in at the edge . They 're cut not in squares but in triangles . And it 's not about how much you can put on the pizza . At Piece , we only encourage up to three toppings because the crust can only hold that much . ”
So what 's next ? `` People ask 'Why are n't there more Piece locations ? ' But it 's not about being the biggest . For us it 's about doing things very well and trying to be the best that we can be . ''
“ It lives in the N.B.A . Internet nerd realm and has very little appeal outside of that , ” Matt Hill , who produces every aspect of the show but does not provide the voices , said . “ I expected maybe a total of a thousand people to watch , and if it was a few more people than that , I 'd be happy . ”
Instead , Hill 's first three episodes , released intermittently since the series ' Jan. 15 debut , have attracted over half a million YouTube views in all .
Hill , 35 , a comedy writer and economics professor in Los Angeles , does not lampoon the Spurs so much as he plays with their public personas , using them to carry out gag-laden , five-minute stories . The animated version of Popovich is a wine-loving sophisticate . Tony Parker , who is French , is a suave ladies ' man . Tim Duncan is a pious Boy Scout type . Manu Ginobili is very Argentine .
“ In 1996 , a crack international commando unit was sent to prison for a crime they did n't commit , ” a narrator says at the start of each installment . “ These men promptly escaped and went undercover , hiding in plain sight as the most boring team in professional sports . They survive as soldiers of fortune — and on their million-dollar salaries . ”
Among sports leagues , the N.B.A . is a wellspring of humor , said Hill , a Lakers fan who no longer watches their games . The players ' personalities are easy to grasp on the court , and they are enhanced and reinforced through the news media and in advertisements . Fans , he said , seem to be younger , more liberal and savvier with technology than those of other leagues .
I 'm so sick of the dishonesty in this argument .
The lies . The short-sightedness . The incompetency .
Younger generations are having their chance of home ownership snatched away , and those who have let it happen are doing bugger-all .
Too many critics choose to focus on the perceived failings and unrealistic expectations of those trying to enter the market , rather than acknowledging the teetering Ponzi scheme that is the New Zealand housing market .
It 's a dirty , lazy generalisation to say that Millennials ( what an awful , meaningless term ) are entitled and unrealistic . Just as it 's a lazy generalisation to say all Baby Boomers are selfish , money-hungry parasites , growing fat and rich off the flesh of their own offspring . ( I 'm allowed to say this because I 'm Gen X , the forgotten generation . But I digress . )
It 's not about lofty expectations . Anyone who continues to peddle out that excuse is dealing in dishonesty .
The average Auckland house price is now 10 times the median household income . Two decades ago it was four-to-five times median household income .
Do n't tell me it was just as hard to buy a house 50 years ago as it is today . The stats prove you plainly wrong .
For a start , there were low-interest Government loans not so long ago . By 1954 state home loans accounted for 34 percent of all new-home mortgages . By 1966 home ownership had risen to 69 percent . Clearly , houses were affordable , and there were enough of them .
What 's changed ? According to economist Shamubeel Eaqub , by 2001 just 61 percent of New Zealanders in their late 30s owned homes . By 2013 , that had dropped to 50 percent . Eaqub says if house prices keep rising at expected rates , mortgage repayments will be more than the average income within seven years .
Why is an entire generation being shut out of the housing market ? Did all those people suddenly up their expectations ? Or was it because supply dried up , and house prices started rocketing ?
Auckland needs 13,000 houses a year , for the next 30 years . We 're currently building about 8,000 . By 2018 , it 's estimated the shortfall could rise to 25,000 homes .
Anyone denying it 's now harder to buy a house is lying , stupid , or quite possibly both .
Older generations , you know , the ones who received free healthcare , education , and superannuation for their ENTIRE LIVES , now sit snug in their homes , enjoying tax-free , triple-digit capital gains ; while subsequent generations are being left out in the cold , watching helplessly as their home ownership dreams dissipate into the air .
Let me simplify things even further . They 've done okay for themselves , pulled up the ladder behind them , and are now blaming their kids and grandkids for the situation they find themselves in .
`` Lower your expectations ! ''
`` We started at the bottom of the ladder ! ''
`` Interest rates were much higher back then ! ''
A question : at what point did half-a-million dollars become synonymous with affordable ? When did 'affordable Auckland housing ' come to mean a house in Waikato ?
Those who advocate urban sprawl bemoan the cost of the infrastructure and connections that requires .
`` Building on the city fringes is so expensive ! Better sell some assets ! ''
But any plan to intensify within the city , where utilities and infrastructure already exist , is met with further opposition by those who do n't want to see their lifestyle or leafy neighbourhoods impinged .
`` Build out , not up ! Why ruin the city with three-storey apartments ? ! ''
What nonsense . It 's ignoring the real issue .
Take , for example , a five-bedroom home , next to the motorway , for sale in Otara . Put aside the concerns about the area . Look away from the development potential of the land . Ignore the horrific travel times in and out of the city . It 's on the market for $ 600,000 .
Whether that property 's truly worth that , how many first-home buyers can afford $ 600,000 ? More importantly , how many can afford the $ 120,000 deposit ?
Actually , let 's add to that . House prices in Auckland have been increasing roughly 15 percent every year . So , in 12 months ' time , if nothing else changes , THE DEPOSIT ALONE will have grown by another $ 18,000 . $ 138,000 on a deposit . That 's likely more than that property in Otara was worth 20 years ago .
Auckland is broken . And as younger people flee the city in search of a better life , of somewhere they can afford to live , prices around New Zealand will start to climb . It 's already started .
We have failed future generations . And our Governments , our councils , our decision-makers , continue to do sweet sod-all .
It is obscene .
“ Change brings opportunity. ” —Nido Qubein
Some needed adjustments to our life habits are painfully obvious : we need to get in shape , we need to stop smoking , or we need to get our finances in order . Those life changes are typically easy to notice and are often promoted in our society .
But there are other , equally valuable life improvements available to us that fly a bit out of the mainstream . For various reasons , you do n't hear much about them . But in many cases , they are just as valuable . In fact , sometimes , they even help us address the underlying assumptions in our lives that are leading us to the poor decisions in the first place .
To that end , consider these 12 Unique Life Resolutions/Habits as possible life habits to incorporate .
1 . Intentionally laugh everyday . Laughter releases stress , lowers blood pressure , and exercises muscles . More importantly , it changes our outlook on life and brings us joy and hope . It ought to be practiced everyday . Put it on your To-Do List . And give yourself permission to laugh each day… especially during the hopeless days .
2 . Practice solitude . Find time alone in quiet on a regular basis . No books , no music , no outside voices . Just you alone with yourself . Your life will never , ever be the same .
3 . Make gratitude a discipline . Thank someone or something each day , every day . Gratitude refocuses our attention away from what we do n't have and redirects it towards what we do . As a result , it naturally causes contentment and generosity to spring up in our lives .
4 . Stop speeding . You may need to plan in advance or choose to leave a bit earlier . After all , you will be spending more time en route . But slowing down intentionally allows extra opportunity to be with yourself , be present , and enjoy the journey . Life is not a race . Life is not meant to be lived hurriedly rushing from one event to another . It is meant to be enjoyed and savored . And driving slower will remind you of that fact every time .
5 . Fast one day each month . There is a reason nearly every religious tradition incorporates the use of fasting ( the practice of not eating food for a specific length of time – usually 24 hours or sunrise to sunset ) . It teaches us self-control , self-denial , and sacrifice . It trains our mind to weather storms and temptation . And it heightens our senses . As a side note : the purpose for practicing fasting may be for spiritual purposes , but it does n't have to be… your mind , body , and soul will benefit regardless .
6 . Adopt a “ Do it Now ” mentality . The opposite of procrastination is to simply “ do it now ” instead . And seeing as how procrastination results in an unnecessary amount of stress in our lives , “ doing it now ” is an appropriate life habit for many of us to resolve . Make that a new mindset for your life in 2012 . Repeat the mantra often . And then , just do it now – whatever “ it ” may be .
7 . Eat more vegetables . Eating more vegetables is a better , simpler , and often times more measurable approach to your weight loss goal than simply deciding to eat less . Eating vegetables at each meal ( or as snacks in-between them ) naturally reduces the amount of unhealthy food that we put into our bodies . Additionally , it gives us more energy , more self-esteem , and more opportunity to fight off illness and disease .
8 . Read classical books from different centuries . Books that have lasted centuries tend to do so for a very good reason : they contain wisdom . They speak to timeless human truths that bind us together . Though our culture and world look entirely different today than they did 200 years ago , the human spirit is still the same . Life still includes sorrow , joy , hope , and trial . And we would benefit greatly from rediscovering how men and women approached life hundreds of years ago .
9 . Remove pornography . Pornography limits our capacity to appreciate the real world and the people within it . It clouds our mind with unrealistic and unhealthy assumptions about sexuality and our relationships with others . Because of that , it never fully satisfies its consumer , but always leaves them desiring more . Sacrifice the temporal pleasure of pornography for a life that can better appreciate the simply joys of the people and relationships around you right now .
10 . Go to bed earlier . Changing just the first hour of your day changes the remaining 23 . And the best way to change the first hour of your day is to get a good night 's sleep . So make a practice this year to move your bedtime up . You may just be surprised at how that small change will naturally benefit other areas of your life .
11 . Give to a charity . Pick a cause that you believe in strongly : poverty , education , orphan care , animals , or the environment ( just to name a few ) . And then , write a check . You 'll be glad you did . They 'll be glad you did . The cause they serve will be glad you did . And if you can spread that much joy by filling out a check , just imagine the joy you 'll spread if you volunteer your time and talents .
12 . Date your spouse . Take your spouse/partner on a date at least once per month . You 'll have fun . You 'll reconnect . Your union will be stronger because of it . And if you think it 'll cost a bunch of money , you 're just not being creative enough .
Make no mistake . While I have intentionally tried to develop each of these habits in my life at some point in the past , I do n't intentionally practice each of them today ( some still come more naturally than others ) . And my desire is not that these resolutions would be considered a 12-step secret to solving life .
Instead , my desire is that we would simply consider implementing one of them today… and find a better life because of it .
The infield at Daytona International Speedway is full of RVs for the taking . ( Getty Images )
DAYTONA BEACH , Fla. — Do n't steal .
But if you 're going to steal , do n't return to the same locations to commit your crimes . And if you 're going to return to the same locations , do n't keep souvenirs of your thefts . And if you 're going to keep souvenirs , for heaven 's sake do n't let yourself get caught on camera .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Because if you steal long enough , and you return to the same locations , and you keep souvenirs , and you get caught on camera … well , son , you 're pretty much screwed .
Ladies and gentlemen , we present the story of the RV Bandit . It 's a tale that spans decades , involving dozens of crime scenes at countless racetracks , hundreds of victims , one Hollywood star and one thorough ass-kicking . It 's a tale of a million-dollar heist , one wallet at a time . And naturally , it 's centered in Florida .
Five days before this year 's Daytona 500 , the United States Secret Service presented the city of Daytona Beach with a check for $ 188,000 . It marked one of the final chapters in a story that began more than a quarter-century ago in an infield in Daytona International Speedway . Or perhaps Atlanta Motor Speedway . Or maybe any of a dozen or so other racetracks across the country .
What 's known is this : Sometime in the late 1980s , a traveling salesman by the name of Steven Garry Sanders wandered into an empty RV or team hauler parked at a racetrack and pocketed a wallet . Then he did it again . And again . And again . Same routine , different track , month after month , year after year .
“ Pick a raceway , he was there , ” said Robert Fultz , a special agent with the U.S. Secret Service , “ and he probably committed a burglary . ”
Story continues
Sanders is a tall , heavyset white guy , which means he was like hay in the haystack of a racetrack . Throngs of anonymous heavyset white guys roam the grounds of every track , some working security , some cleaning up , some helping the race teams , some hanging out and taking in the spectacle . And some taking much more than that .
Sanders ' routine was brilliant in its simplicity : First , visit a track during preliminaries or lower-level events , where security was lighter . Second , act like you belong ; act like anywhere you are , that 's where you ought to be . Third , watch the crowd , and when race teams start moving toward the starting line for the beginning of the race , swoop in behind them and sneak into their RVs . Fourth , take advantage of systemic weaknesses for maximum profit .
RVs “ are always unlocked , because you 've got 25 or 30 guys going in and out all the time , ” said Det . Scott Frantz of the Daytona Beach Police Department . “ Firesuits do n't have pockets , so guys would leave their wallets , their Rolexes right there in the motorhome . [ Sanders ] would never grab anything like a laptop , nothing that he could n't fit into his pocket . ”
Frantz began investigating Sanders as a patrolman on the Daytona Beach police department in the mid-1990s , working robbery detail at Daytona International Speedway . Sanders had been on the department 's radar for years ; accurate police sketches already sat in the P.D . 's filing cabinets .
Track security everywhere from Daytona to Atlanta had suspicions – when you 've got literally dozens of people every weekend reporting thefts , you know something 's up . But police could never catch Sanders , who threaded in and out of RVs and team haulers like a ghost , race after race , year after year .
Frantz began developing a profile of Sanders , hoping to figure out how exactly he was staying so far ahead of law enforcement . Up until 2000 , Sanders used stolen credit cards to purchase merchandise like appliances and laptops . By 2000 , the gift card economy was in full swing , and Sanders altered his approach , flipping plastic to plastic . And when it became clear he was crossing state lines , Frantz brought Fultz and the Secret Service on board .
“ He would buy gift cards at a Wal-Mart near Daytona , then launder them at a Wal-Mart in Jacksonville , ” Fultz said . “ He would exchange them for smaller and smaller values . And the trail would always end somewhere in Georgia . ”
Steven G. Sanders ( Alachua County Sheriff 's Department )
Frantz and Fultz also had a sense of what Sanders looked like , thanks to security cameras that caught his transactions . Cameras in Daytona Beach caught Sanders at stores including Publix , Dillard 's and Wal-Mart using stolen cards to purchase gift cards , bottled water and necessities like an 18-pack of beer . At one point , Sanders also somehow managed to spend $ 55 at a McDonald 's in Deltona , which is a feat in itself .
By 2012 , Frantz and Fultz had made Sanders their mission , even if they did n't know his name . They staked out the Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona , held that year on Jan. 28-29 . They knew Sanders would be working the crowd , and so they were there , eyes open , watching and waiting .
And then the burglary calls began coming .
“ We were right there ! ” Frantz said . “ It was happening as we were there at the track ! ”
Frantz and Fultz began interviewing victims . During one interview , one victim 's bank called with an incredible tip : someone was using the stolen credit card , right then , at the Wal-Mart in Ormond Beach , just seven miles up the road from the track .
Could this be it ? Would the detective and the special agent finally nail the man who 'd vexed them for years ? They reached out to Wal-Mart 's loss prevention team and tried to get them to hold Sanders , but by the time they arrived , he was gone . They reviewed security tape and discovered an even more infuriating truth .
“ While we were walking in one door , he was walking out another , ” Frantz said . “ He was n't hours or minutes ahead of us . He was feet away from us . ”
“ Bad-guy luck , ” Fultz said .
You can imagine the fury and cursing that followed . To be so close , to be in the same store as their quarry …
The next major race in the area was the NHRA Gatornationals , held at Gainesville Raceway on March 8 , about a hundred miles northwest of Daytona . Frantz and Fultz figured they 'd start getting word of burglaries there soon enough . What they did n't count on was a 90-second video that would prove critical .
As cars rocketed down the raceway , Sanders once again crept into drivers ' motorhomes . This time around , he stole six credit cards and $ 202 in cash from one . He pilfered a wallet with $ 700 in cash from another . He snagged $ 1,500 in cash from a third .
Then he entered a brown-and-beige-toned American Eagle RV , and that 's where everything turned hard south for Sanders . Wearing a navy blue ballcap and golf shirt , he poked around the front of the RV , then edged his way to the door , carrying a rag in his hand . He then took one more look around inside the RV , put on his sunglasses and walked down the stairs out of the RV , wiping down the door handle as he went .
We know all this because a gentleman named Christopher DePascale was right next door , using his phone to film Sanders ' every move .
But Sanders was n't done , and neither was DePascale . Sanders left the first motor home , owned by DePascale 's friend Matt Cooke , walked around the front of DePascale 's Monaco Knight motor home as DePascale filmed from inside . Then , as DePascale sat within , Sanders crept into DePascale 's RV .
“ Yes ? ” DePascale said as Sanders came into view .
Without missing a beat , Sanders lifted a phone . “ Found a cell phone , ” he said , not explaining why he 'd just happened to casually walk right into an RV not his own .
“ Ai n't mine , ” DePascale said , and Sanders laughed .
“ Found it right out here , ” Sanders said , and left the phone with DePascale .
“ That was his move , ” Fultz said . “ He always had a prop he would carry with him , a tool or a phone , something he could use to make it look like he was just trying to return a lost item . ”
This time , the move failed . As soon as Sanders left , Depascale located Cooke , and the two chased down Sanders . Cooke , at least 40 pounds smaller than Sanders , nonetheless wrapped him up like a scrappy cornerback looking to take down a bruising fullback . DePascale screamed for onlookers to call the police , and then came in for the takedown .
A crowd of several dozen quickly gathered around the three men . “ What are you doing ? ” one shouted , seeing what appeared to be two young men going to work , hard , on an older gentleman .
DePascale reached into Sanders ' pocket and withdrew wallets and credit cards . “ He 's been stealing from all of you ! ” DePascale shouted . That turned the crowd to his favor in a hurry .
“ The fans found him and put a little street justice on him , ” said Art Forcey , public information officer for Alachua County , Fla. “ They got a hold of him and pretty well put a beat-down on him before contacting us . ”
An NHRA official who was also an off-duty cop arrived and subdued Sanders until police could arrive . But the fans had administered racetrack justice with enough force that Sanders needed to go to Gainesville 's Shands Hospital ; his booking shot shows his bruised face and the neck brace he needed to wear after his victims got through with him .
“ That 's the price you pay when you 're going around committing crimes , ” Daytona Beach Police Chief Mike Chitwood said at the time .
At the hospital , a police officer spoke to Sanders , who initially gave his name as “ Mr . Parker. ” The net closing in , Sanders began to twitch .
“ Every question he was asked about his personal information , he would hesitate to give , and then , if he gave any information , he would let his voice trail off , ” Officer Clare M. Noble wrote in Sanders ' arrest report . “ He gave two false names and a false address which cost this writer approximately three hours of investigation time . ”
But eventually , Sanders surrendered to the inevitable . Alachua County police seized his vehicle – seeing as how it was used in the commission of a crime – and evidence within led Alachua to bring in the Daytona Beach Police Department , the Hall County ( Ga. ) Sheriff 's Office , the Highlands County ( Fla. ) Sheriff 's Office and Charlotte , N.C. police . Each jurisdiction had an active investigation involving Sanders , and each jurisdiction pounced .
Fultz and Frantz interviewed Sanders in Gainesville , and found him less than cooperative . ( Sanders did n't believe Frantz was really a Secret Service agent , which earned Frantz plenty of grief from wise guys back at the office . ) But when they listened to Sanders ' calls to his family in Macon , they discerned that he appeared to be using coded terminology , directing family members to conceal evidence . Fultz and Frantz followed the trail back to Sanders ' home , and what they found there stunned them .
“ There were truckloads , and I do mean truckloads , of stolen merchandise , ” Frantz said . “ You know how when you buy a computer it 's out of date right after you buy it ? There was a closet full of computers , still unopened in boxes , the receipts right there. ” They seized Rolexes , cash , merchandise , and an estimated $ 130,000 – six figures – in gift cards .
And then they found the journal .
Since 1996 , Sanders had kept a meticulous journal documenting his crimes . Each page included a listing of each event he 'd visited – 24 Hours of Daytona , Gatornationals , and so on – as well as two columns labeled “ C ” and “ M. ” “ C ” stood for cash , “ M ” for merchandise like watches , money clips and so on , as well as the merchandise he 'd purchase with stolen cards , like cameras , ties and computers . He also wrote the date and location of the theft on the credit cards he 'd stolen .
“ He was like any kind of serial criminal , tracking his crimes like that , ” Frantz said . “ And he kept trophies. ” Sanders ' collection included – of all things – a credential once held by Patrick Dempsey , “ McDreamy ” of “ Grey 's Anatomy ” fame . Dempsey , an accomplished racer , drove in the Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona over several years .
The journal allowed the detectives to get an estimated total of how much Sanders stole over the course of his “ career ” : more than $ 1 million .
In all , Sanders either documented or was suspected of committing crimes literally nationwide , with tracks in California , Nevada , Wisconsin , Virginia , New York , Alabama , and Georgia all suffering thefts similar to Sanders ' style . ( In a savvy bit of police sleuthing , Frantz and Fultz matched up expense reports Sanders filed at his traveling-salesman day job – lunch on the road at a Subway , say – to tracks which reported thefts , establishing his proximity at the time of the crime . )
The very nature of Sanders ' crimes – small-scale theft , repeated ad infinitum for decades – could have led unwary prosecutors to underestimate the extent and severity of the operation . The crimes stretched for miles , but only a few inches deep . So Frantz and Fultz attended hearing after hearing – up to 40 in all – determined not to let Sanders slip the net once again .
“ [ Sanders ' defense ] tried to portray this as the equivalent of a criminal tugging on car doors and grabbing change , ” said Tammy Jaques , the Volusia County state 's attorney who prosecuted a successful case against Sanders . “ This was much more sophisticated than that . This was invading the privacy of an area that was essentially home for these racers : They ate there , they slept there . You have a greater expectation of privacy in your dwelling than in your vehicle . ”
Manatee County ( Fla. ) , home of several of Sanders ' thefts , got the first conviction , sentencing him to five years . Last year , Jaques won a 10-year conviction , plus five years of probation – to be served once Sanders finishes his five-year Manatee sentence later this year . Sanders is currently 56 years old , and there are still several jurisdictions which could seek their own restitution .
The moral of the story ? Crime can pay … but justice always comes to collect . Sometimes , with force .
More on Yahoo Sports :
• Another ex-NFL player is making a run at his MLB dream
• Shaq 's beef with Warriors player escalates to threats of violence
• How a Sam 's Club trip helped save Dale Earnhardt Jr. 's career
• DeMarcus Cousins ‘ all in ' on Pelicans after ‘ coward move ' by Kings
____
Jay Busbee is a writer for Yahoo Sports and the author of EARNHARDT NATION , on sale now at Amazon or wherever books are sold . Contact him at jay.busbee @ yahoo.com or find him on Twitter or on Facebook .
As of 5 minutes ago at the time of this writing , Binance has just released a press statement on their zendesk website ( https : //binance.zendesk.com ) stating the new coins that will be added to the marketplace in September of 2017 .
They are as follows :
Stratis ( STRAT )
Verge ( XVG )
Bitquence ( BQX )
SONM ( SNM )
SingularDTV ( SNGLS )
This is great news for multiple reasons . It helps establish Binance 's dominance of the Chinese cryptocurrency Exchange business , as well as giving more utility to their BNB coin . It is also good news as it could very well lead to an increase in price for some of the coins being added ( this is not a guarantee ) .
Binance News Article :
Thanks for reading ! Did you find this of use to you or enjoyed reading this post ? If so an upvote , resteem , and/or follow would be much appreciated as it helps me to ensure I can deliver quality content to you , in a timely manner before everyone else to help give you the upper edge in the cryptosphere !
Check out my other media channels :
Stem cells from the dental pulp of wisdom teeth can be coaxed to turn into cells of the eye 's cornea and could one day be used to repair corneal scarring due to infection or injury , according to researchers at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine . The findings , published online today in STEM CELLS Translational Medicine , indicate they also could become a new source of corneal transplant tissue made from the patient 's own cells .
Corneal blindness , which affects millions of people worldwide , is typically treated with transplants of donor corneas , said senior investigator James Funderburgh , Ph.D. , professor of ophthalmology at Pitt and associate director of the Louis J . Fox Center for Vision Restoration of UPMC and the University of Pittsburgh , a joint program of UPMC Eye Center and the McGowan Institute for Regenerative Medicine .
`` Shortages of donor corneas and rejection of donor tissue do occur , which can result in permanent vision loss , '' Dr. Funderburgh said . `` Our work is promising because using the patient 's own cells for treatment could help us avoid these problems . ''
Experiments conducted by lead author Fatima Syed-Picard , Ph.D. , also of Pitt 's Department of Ophthalmology , and the team showed that stem cells of the dental pulp , obtained from routine human third molar , or wisdom tooth , extractions performed at Pitt 's School of Dental Medicine , could be turned into corneal stromal cells called keratocytes , which have the same embryonic origin .
The team injected the engineered keratocytes into the corneas of healthy mice , where they integrated without signs of rejection . They also used the cells to develop constructs of corneal stroma akin to natural tissue .
`` Other research has shown that dental pulp stem cells can be used to make neural , bone and other cells , '' Dr. Syed-Picard noted . `` They have great potential for use in regenerative therapies . ''
In future work , the researchers will assess whether the technique can correct corneal scarring in an animal model .
A committee of the Board of Regents debated the demolition for nearly an hour Thursday before voting 5-1 to authorize university staff to move ahead with demolition .
A historic grain elevator complex near the University of Minnesota campus is likely to be demolished by the end of the year .
A committee of the Board of Regents debated the demolition for nearly an hour Thursday before voting 5-1 to authorize university staff to move ahead with demolition . The committee did include a requirement that the university investigate some method of preserving the story of the Electric Steel Elevator , Co. such as saving one or more of the silos . The complex is planned to be replaced by student sports fields and a “ sports bubble ” to allow for winter usage .
The university is to look for ways to “ display and interpret the property 's historic significance , ” the resolution states . The committee action will be considered by the entire board Friday and is expected to be approved . . ( UPDATE : the full board approved the demolition at its Friday meeting . )
The decision came over the objections of the neighboring community council and nearly 100 people who wrote letters and emails objecting to the demolition . The elevator complex is considered eligible for placement on the National Register of Historic Places , which requires the university to look into adaptive reuse and to mitigate the loss via a collection of information and photos . In addition to that work , the university has said it will donate artifacts and equipment from the grain elevators to the Mill City Museum .
The Minneapolis city council had denied a demolition permit to a private owner and put the complex under interim protection while city staff prepared a nomination for the city register . That study was cancelled and the interim protection ended last month .
Electric Steel , which was closed in 2013 , is considered significant because it is made of steel , a construction method used for grain elevators in the early part of the 20th Century but discontinued when concrete became the preferred method . It is the last steel grain elevator in Minnesota , and one of the last examples in the country .
The complex is also significant because it was designed by C.A.P . Turner , a nationally renowned structural engineer . Gayla Lindt , an architecture instructor at the U of M , noted that the university has gone to great expense to renovate its own buildings , including Pioneer and Tate halls , but does n't seem to have the same affection for buildings that were n't university buildings and only recently acquired .
“ Pioneer Hall is not , and will never be , nationally significant; nor would Tate , ” Lindt wrote . “ They are important campus buildings , yes , but relatively inconsequential on a national or even global stage . By contrast , the Electric Steel Elevators are globally distinct structures that contribute in powerful ways to the unique sense of place that is the Twin Cities campus . They are iconic structures that signify how this region is distinct from all other regions in the world . ”
The area is also the proposed site for a World 's Fair , something being pursued by a state group for 2023 . In a letter to the university , Thomas Fisher , an architecture professor at the U of M who is the university 's representative on the EXPO 2023 group , said the state has a good chance of being chosen . “ This suggests that we should not expend money on the EXPO site until we know what will be needed and how the EXPO planners will use the existing elevators and silos , ” Thomas wrote .
University real estate and facilities staff have been working on a plan that would involve the demolition of the elevator complex since it was purchased last fall . The historic steel elevators ( along with a neighboring concrete elevator ) will be taken down and new student sports fields — including the bubble — built on that site . The university would then put a new competition track and field center on the current site of the recreation sports bubble .
MinnPost photo by Peter Callaghan The elevator complex is considered eligible for placement on the National Register of Historic Places .
That timeline had senior university staff questioning whether looking for ways to preserve parts of the elevator complex would delay the projects . Demolition could begin in a month and a half . That time schedule caused one regent to vote no . Darrin Rosha , of Independence , said the university should take enough time to consider how to integrate some of the current structure , even if it means delaying moving the sports bubble .
And Regent Peggy Lucas of Minneapolis said she supported the resolution but did n't want staff to consider saving some portion of the complex optional . “ If we give it our best shot and consider what the best way to do it is , I can support that , ” Lucas said . “ I would be reluctant to support it if in fact it 's an option to come back and say ‘ gee , too bad , ' because I think it 's too big a resource to just take to the landfill . ”
One other factor could delay demolition . Amanda Gronhovd , the state archeologist , wrote the regents to inform them that the site might come under the protections of the Minnesota Field Archeology Act .
“ Because of its historical significance , and use history , this site … has the potential to contain important archaeological resources relating to Minnesota 's industrial past , ” Gronhovd wrote . She said the university must contact her office before demolition or earth moving to determine “ whether the project will adversely impact a potentially significant archeological site . ”
April 17 , 2014 5 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Online crowdfunding may be disrupting the world of finance but offline campaigning is playing an important part in the capital-raising revolution as well .
The World 's Crowdfunding Festival tackles one of the biggest difficulties in crowdfunding : gathering the crowd . The aptly named One Spark festival , took place for a second year , on April 9 to 13 , in Jacksonville , Fla. , as a crowdfunding event dedicated to innovators . Creators with ideas in art , music , science and technology shared their projects in venues across a 20-block area of the city 's downtown , hoping to collect votes and donations from the crowd . Each startup was able to be considered for an equity investment as well .
Related : The JOBS Act Two Years Later : Where We Are and What 's Next for Crowdfunding ( Infographic )
Launched last year with 406 projects , this year 's effort showcased some 630 projects from around the world . The event offered $ 310,000 in guaranteed crowd funds , distributed to creators based on popular vote ( of the crowd ) as well as juried selections in each category , as well as $ 3.25 million in potential capital investment from participating venture firms . Individual attendees also could directly contribute to projects of their choice .
As occurs with online crowdfunding , One Spark saw those who engaged with the community and received notice had the biggest chance at success .
Last year during One Spark 's launch , creator Pete Cochrane used pop-up concerts at downtown street corners to promote his new music app Aurora . His company also handed out 1,000 headsets with the corporate logo and QR code for music downloads . As a result his app attracted more than 10,000 downloads at that first festival and his venture won a spot among the top-30 creators . This led to an invitation to join an accelerator program and recent discussions about securing a significant round of investment .
“ One of the best parts of One Spark is the real-world feedback , '' explained Pete Cochrane , co-founder of Aurora . `` You are out there talking to the public every day during the event and these are the people to whom you will be selling . For them to be able to hold your product and be able to tell you what they like and do n't like was invaluable . ”
Another participant during the even'ts launch , Menuat , found the in-person exchanges beneficial to company development . “ We spoke to over 1,000 people ; they interacted with our product and provided feedback and validation , '' said Emily Charette , a Menuat co-founder . `` Pitching our story so frequently to the public allowed us to crystalize our message and make it really concise , which helped when we had to speak to investors later on . ”
Related : Crowdfunding 's Next Hot Frontier : Real Estate
This year , in addition to sharing in the $ 310,000 prize pot , project creators who scored the most crowd votes in their project category , collected the highest number of individual donations from the public or impressed the jury of subject-matter experts also walked away with $ 10,000 in bonus funds .
The prizes this year went to projects ranging from a meat analyzer ( allowing for proper cooking ) to Neuroinitiative , an organization advancing Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's disease research through cutting-edge computer simulations and modeling .
Yes , project creators still have to aggressively promote their ventures , engage passersby and provide a compelling story to pitch . But these in-person crowdfunding events offer benefits not provided via online platforms : gathered crowds , a pool of dedicated dollars , an opportunity to interact live for immediate project feedback -- and good old-fashioned face-to-face schmoozing .
Related : Become a Crowdfunding Wizard : 8 Tips You 've Probably Never Heard Before .
“ There are so many ideas here that you would never have thought to create , '' said a participant at last week 's event , Donteacia Seymore . `` There are so many people here who are going to go on to produce great things with their products . And you can say , you know , I helped that person get to the next level ; they were not able to do this without our votes , our donations or without us supporting them. ” Added Seymore : `` It 's a great feeling . ”
Next up for One Spark ? The concept is headed to Berlin this fall for the first One Spark festival outside the United States on Sept. 12 to 14 .
“ One Spark is a global platform for doers that has the potential to empower ideas anywhere , and One Spark Berlin adds a critical outside market validation component to everything we 've built in Jacksonville , ” said Elton Rivas , co-founder of One Spark . “ If you want to launch ideas , generate traction in real time through crowdfunding and get connected to the funding needed to grow your idea , One Spark is the place to do it no matter where One Spark is . ”
Related : How to Get Publicity for Your Crowdfunding Campaign
While many have charged that Texas state Senator Wendy Davis ' ( D ) marathon filibuster to block the passage of a strict abortion bill only delayed the inevitable , Davis said Sunday that she would continue to fight as Texas ' special legislative session starts Monday .
Davis led a nearly 11 hour filibuster last week that prevented an abortion bill from getting passed in the GOP-controlled Texas Senate before the end of the official legislative session . After the bill failed , Republican Gov . Rick Perry called a special legislative session starting July 1 to try once again to get the bill passed . The bill is expected to pass this time around .
“ We will fight as we being the session again on Monday , ” Davis said in an interview Sunday on “ Meet the Press. ” “ I do n't think that we will concede that the battle is over . ”
Davis added that the “ omnibus ” bill does more than just ban abortion after 20 weeks , including making it so that there are only five abortion clinics open in the entire state of Texas .
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Part of Korean Conflict Date 22 June 1998 Location Gangwon-do Offshore of Sokcho Result Death of 9 North Korean submarine personnel Belligerents North Korea Strength 4 Yugo-class submarine personnel 5 Yugo-class submarine personnel 1 Yugo-class submarine Casualties and losses 4 submarine personnel † 5 submarine personnel 1 submarine captured
The 1998 Sokcho submarine incident occurred on 22 June 1998 , offshore of the South Korean city of Sokcho .
Capture
On 22 June , a North Korean Yugo-class submarine became entangled in a fishing driftnet in South Korean waters approximately 18 km east of the port of Sokcho and 33 km south of the inter-Korean border . A South Korean fishing boat observed several submarine crewmen trying to untangle the submarine from the fishing net . The fishing boat notified the South Korean navy and a corvette towed the submarine with the crew still inside to a navy base at the port of Donghae . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The submarine sank as it was being towed into port , it was unclear if this was as a result of damage or a deliberate scuttling by the crew . [ 3 ]
On 23 June the Korean Central News Agency admitted that a submarine had been lost in a training accident . [ 4 ]
On 25 June the submarine was salvaged from a depth of approximately 100 feet ( 30 m ) and the bodies of nine crewmen were recovered ; five sailors had apparently been murdered while four agents had apparently committed suicide . [ 5 ] The presence of South Korean drinks suggested that the crew had completed an espionage mission . [ 6 ] Log books found in the submarine showed that it had infiltrated South Korean waters on a number of previous occasions . [ 7 ]
The bodies of the members of submarine crew were subsequently buried in the Cemetery for North Korean and Chinese Soldiers . [ 8 ]
See also
The Electronic Frontier Foundation continues to rack up victories in its Jewel v NSA suit , through which it has been suing the US spy agency over illegal mass-surveillance for nearly a decade ( three successive administrations have stalled the suit by invoking official secrecy , a deadlock that was broken thanks to the leaks released by the whistleblower Edward Snowden ) . The latest news is that Judge Jeffrey White has ordered the government to unseal `` any declassified material , like exhibits , declarations , and other ex parte submissions that the government had previously submitted to the court under seal '' and refused to entertain the DoJ 's appeal . EFF believes that the release will show that the DoJ lied to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA Court ) .
In light of the declassifications inspired by the June leaks , Judge Jeffrey White ordered the government to unseal any declassified material , like exhibits , declarations , and other ex parte submissions that the government had previously submitted to the court under seal .
In response , the government asked that it only release a new declaration . The Department of Justice lawyers reasoned that reviewing the material submitted since the case began in 2008 would be a heavy burden . We objected , noting that recently declassified documents have shown that the government had submitted misleading material to the court overseeing the spying , called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA Court ) .
Judge White denied the government 's request , noting that the government had the resources to carry out such a review . He also noted that there should be a `` fulsome '' record for the court , the public , and the plaintiffs to draw from . The judge also set a briefing schedule on the procedural issues that it wanted resolved before turning to the critical question—whether the spying program is legal and constitutional .
GOP nominee described pastor who interrupted his Flint , Michigan , speech as a ‘ nervous mess ' and defended how his supporters feel about minorities
Flint
“ The audience was fantastic but she was so nervous . She was like a nervous mess , and so I figured something – I figured something was up , really. ” – 15 September , to Fox and Friends
There is no evidence that the Rev Faith Green Timmons planned to interrupt Donald Trump 's speech in Flint , Michigan , in which he veered off the city 's water crisis and into criticism of Hillary Clinton . About 50 people attended the event , and several told the Guardian the same version of events , which contradicted Trump 's .
Attendees said some people heckled or shouted questions and that Timmons actually intervened , asking them to be respectful . Only a few people applauded Trump , according to audience members . Video shows Timmons calm and composed throughout . She wrote on Facebook on Wednesday that Trump had not avoided politics as agreed . “ Had he stuck to what his camp claimed he came to do , ” she wrote , “ we would not have had a problem . ”
Deplorables
“ She said tens of millions of patriotic Americans are a basket of deplorables . How can you be president , how can you be president for so many people ? She said half of our supporters are irredeemable and not American and describes the other half as having run out of options. ” – 12 September , Asheville , North Carolina
At a fundraiser in New York last week , Clinton said : “ To just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump 's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables ” . This group , she said , included “ racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic ” people . She later regretted the generalization of “ half ” .
Polling suggests that Trump 's supporters are more likely than other voters to express negative sentiments about minorities . It also shows lower but significant such sentiment among supporters of Clinton .
The lies Trump told this week : from military spending to his tax returns Read more
In an Economist/YouGov poll on racial resentment , 59 % of Trump 's primary supporters scored in the top quartile , compared with 46 % of Republicans who supported other candidates . A Reuters poll that asked voters to rate character traits found 40 % of Trump supporters thought black people were more “ lazy ” than white people and 25 % of Clinton supporters agreed . In the same poll , 44 % of Trump supporters and 30 % of Clinton supporters thought white people more “ well-mannered ” than black people . Almost half of Trump supporters and nearly a third of Clinton supporters thought black people more “ violent ” than white people .
In a Gallup poll from last year , 89 % of Republicans overall said they would vote for a black person for president , 91 % for a woman or a Hispanic person , and 45 % for a Muslim or an atheist . In short , Clinton 's generalization pointed to real racial animus , ignored it among her own supporters and showed how difficult it is to attach a number to racism , even while separate polling shows racism is affecting millions in widespread and systemic ways .
Separately , Trump also contradicted his own past remarks . In 2012 , after Mitt Romney was lambasted for dismissing 47 % of Americans , Trump agreed , telling Fox News : “ You do have a large percentage of people that feel they 're entitled . ”
In June 2015 Trump similarly dismissed half of all Americans , telling Fox : “ We have a society that sits back and says , ‘ We do n't have to do anything . ' Eventually the 50 % can not carry , and it 's unfair to them , but can not carry the other 50 % . ”
Without figures , the businessman has repeatedly described millions of people in derogatory terms . He has generalized Mexican migrants as “ rapists ” and “ killers ” ; asked “ How stupid are the people of Iowa ? ” ; called journalists “ disgusting ” and “ dishonest ” ; demeaned veterans who were prisoners of war ; branded protesters “ thugs ” ; mocked the disabled ; denigrated women ; and trafficked in stereotypes offensive to black people , Jewish people and Muslim people . Trump has expressed regret for having said “ the wrong thing ” but not said what that thing was or whom he had caused “ personal pain ” .
Details
“ I 've been going around the country offering very detailed plans for reform and change. ” – 12 September , Asheville
The plans Trump has presented are notable for how much detail they lack . In his foreign policy plan , for instance , the foundation of his plan to defeat Isis is to not tell the public what his plan to defeat Isis is . He also demanded payment from Nato allies and bemoaned that “ our friends are beginning to think they ca n't depend on us ” ; called for heavy investment in the military but a reduction in intervention abroad , where the US has major military bases ; and failed to explain how the US can work “ creating stability ” while also retreating from “ the nation-building business ” .
Trump 's economic plan is similarly light on details , though it includes vague promises to renegotiate trade deals and a simplified tax plan that would most benefit the wealthiest Americans and probably swell the US deficit . The campaign has , however , presented a plan to coerce Mexico into paying for a wall through tariffs , visa fees and withdrawal of aid . It does not account for Mexican leaders refusing .
The lies Trump told this week : who 's paying for the wall to immigration costs Read more
Religious speech
“ The Johnson amendment has blocked our pastors and ministers and others from speaking their minds from their own pulpits . If they want to talk about Christianity , if they want to preach , if they want to talk about politics , they 're unable to do so . If they want to do it , they take a tremendous risk , that they lose their tax-exempt status. ” – 9 September , Washington
In 1954 , then senator Lyndon Johnson helped pass a law that amended the tax code and prevented tax-exempt organizations , including churches and other not-for-profit groups , “ directly or indirectly participating in , or intervening in , any political campaign on behalf of ( or in opposition to ) any candidate for elective public office ” . Johnson argued that corporations that enjoy a tax subsidy should not take part in direct or indirect political speech .
The law is not often enforced : this year alone , evangelical leaders have spoken up for Trump and Clinton both . Trump is correct that preachers risk losing their tax exemption if they advocate for politicians , but the law has nothing to do with religious speech .
Refugees
“ It 's almost impossible to get a Christian in from Syria . They take others but they do n't take Christians . Very rarely , very rarely. ” – 9 September , Washington
There is no religious test for entry to the US , nor is it any more difficult for a Christian refugee from Syria to enter the US than for a Muslim or any other person . ( The application and screening process is daunting for any refugee , however . )
Trump has proposed a complete ban on refugees from Syria , meaning he would make it impossible for any Christian from Syria to come to the US .
Space News
space history and artifacts articles
Messages
space history discussion forums
Sightings
worldwide astronaut appearances
Resources
selected space history documents
Websites
related space history websites
advertisements
Lawmakers seek to honor Neil Armstrong with NASA center renaming
Proposed legislation would rename the Dryden Flight Research Center , seen here , after astronaut Neil Armstrong . ( NASA ) November 29 , 2012 — An effort to rename a NASA flight research center after the late moonwalker Neil Armstrong was relaunched this week in Congress .
Congressmen Howard `` Buck '' McKeon ( R-CA ) and Kevin McCarthy ( R-CA ) , the majority whip of the U.S. House of Representatives , announced legislation on Thursday ( Nov. 29 ) to redesignate NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Center as the
Similar legislation to retitle the southern California facility was introduced in July 2007 by Rep. Ken Calvert ( R-CA ) , who is co-sponsoring the new bill . McKeon and McCarthy supported the prior attempt to rename the center , which is located at Edwards Air Force Base in California 's Mojave Desert .
Armstrong , who in July 1969 became the first man to walk on the moon ,
`` I will never forget watching Neil Armstrong take those first steps on the moon , '' McKeon said in a release issued by his office . `` In that remarkable and powerful moment , Neil Armstrong confirmed to the entire world watching that anything is possible and that nothing , not even traveling to outer space and walking on the moon , was too tall of an order for the United States . ''
Aerial photo of NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Facility . ( NASA ) `` I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of this bill renaming the NASA Dryden Flight Research Center in honor of Neil A. Armstrong , '' McKeon added . `` Dedicating this stellar institution to Neil Armstrong is a small token of our public gratitude and will hopefully work to ensure that his
Dryden Flight Research Center is NASA 's primary center for atmospheric flight research and operations . In addition to its research work to advance the design of civilian and military aircraft , Dryden was the primary alternate
Aeronautical engineer vs. astronaut
Dryden was originally known as the Muroc Flight Test Unit under the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics ( NACA ) , the predecessor to NASA . The facility was also referred to as the High-Speed Flight Research Station and High-Speed Flight Station before becoming a part of the nation 's space program with NASA 's founding in 1958 .
Dr. Hugh L. Dryden , NASA 's first deputy administrator , was one of the nation 's most prominent aeronautical engineers . ( NASA ) On March 26 , 1976 , the flight research center was named in honor of Hugh L. Dryden , the former director of NACA , who served as NASA 's first deputy administrator up until his death in 1965 . One of the country 's most prominent aeronautical engineers , Dryden helped shape policy that led to the development of the nation 's high-speed research program and its record-setting X-15 rocketplane . He also headed the negotiations for the early agreements with the Soviet Union on the peaceful use of space .
The proposed legislation , if approved by both houses of Congress and signed into law by the President , would still honor Dryden .
`` This bill also continues to recognize Hugh Dryden by renaming the center 's test range in his honor , '' McCarthy said .
According to McCarthy , the decision to honor Armstrong was based in part on the astronaut 's history working at the flight research center .
`` This bill recognizes the achievements of Neil Armstrong in aerospace travel and space exploration , and highlights his important connection to Kern County , '' McCarthy said . `` He was a great American who served as a test pilot and began training for his famous astronaut career here in Eastern Kern . Later , he oversaw aeronautical research programs at the center and spearheaded technological innovation that continues to this day . ''
Research pilot Neil Armstrong stands with an X-15 rocketplane at NASA 's Flight Research Center , Edwards , Calif. , in 1960 . ( NASA ) From 1955 to 1962 , Armstrong served as a test pilot at the center ( then the High-Speed Flight Station ) , amassing 2,400 hours of flying time , including flying the X-15 . While still at the center in the early 1960 's , Armstrong was part of a team that conceptualized the Lunar Landing Research Vehicle , which helped create the training vehicle that he and other Apollo astronauts used to practice landing on the moon .
Advocates for Armstrong
The bid to rename the flight research center and its test range has the support of members of the area 's aerospace industry and local community organizations , including the Antelope Valley Board of Trade , the Mojave Chamber of Commerce , the Palmdale Chamber of Commerce , and the Edwards Air Force Base Civilian-Military Support Group .
`` It is most appropriate that astronaut Neil A. Armstrong be honored and memorialized in this way with his noted lifelong accomplishments as the first human to walk on the moon and as a former test pilot who worked at the Dryden Flight Research Center , '' Stuart Witt , CEO of the Mojave Air and Spaceport , said .
Dryden Flight Research Center is situated immediately adjacent to the compass rose on the bed of Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base in southern California . ( NASA ) Should the bill pass into law , it would n't be the first time a NASA center has been renamed for an astronaut .
On March 1 , 1999 , Lewis Research Center in Cleveland , Ohio — which was named after Dryden 's predecessor at NACA , George Lewis — became the NASA — An effort to rename a NASA flight research center after the late moonwalker Neil Armstrong was relaunched this week in Congress.Congressmen Howard `` Buck '' McKeon ( R-CA ) and Kevin McCarthy ( R-CA ) , the majority whip of the U.S. House of Representatives , announced legislation on Thursday ( Nov. 29 ) to redesignate NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Center as the Neil A. Armstrong Flight Research Center . The bill would also rename the Western Aeronautical Test Range as the Hugh L. Dryden Aeronautical Test Range.Similar legislation to retitle the southern California facility was introduced in July 2007 by Rep. Ken Calvert ( R-CA ) , who is co-sponsoring the new bill . McKeon and McCarthy supported the prior attempt to rename the center , which is located at Edwards Air Force Base in California 's Mojave Desert.Armstrong , who in July 1969 became the first man to walk on the moon , died earlier this year following complications resulting from cardiovascular procedures . `` I will never forget watching Neil Armstrong take those first steps on the moon , '' McKeon said in a release issued by his office . `` In that remarkable and powerful moment , Neil Armstrong confirmed to the entire world watching that anything is possible and that nothing , not even traveling to outer space and walking on the moon , was too tall of an order for the United States . `` `` I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of this bill renaming the NASA Dryden Flight Research Center in honor of Neil A. Armstrong , '' McKeon added . `` Dedicating this stellar institution to Neil Armstrong is a small token of our public gratitude and will hopefully work to ensure that his legacy is honored for generations to come . `` Dryden Flight Research Center is NASA 's primary center for atmospheric flight research and operations . In addition to its research work to advance the design of civilian and military aircraft , Dryden was the primary alternate landing site for the space shuttle and is now managing the launch abort systems testing and integration for NASA 's Orion crew module , its next generation multi-purpose spacecraft.Dryden was originally known as the Muroc Flight Test Unit under the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics ( NACA ) , the predecessor to NASA . The facility was also referred to as the High-Speed Flight Research Station and High-Speed Flight Station before becoming a part of the nation 's space program with NASA 's founding in 1958.On March 26 , 1976 , the flight research center was named in honor of Hugh L. Dryden , the former director of NACA , who served as NASA 's first deputy administrator up until his death in 1965 . One of the country 's most prominent aeronautical engineers , Dryden helped shape policy that led to the development of the nation 's high-speed research program and its record-setting X-15 rocketplane . He also headed the negotiations for the early agreements with the Soviet Union on the peaceful use of space.The proposed legislation , if approved by both houses of Congress and signed into law by the President , would still honor Dryden . `` This bill also continues to recognize Hugh Dryden by renaming the center 's test range in his honor , '' McCarthy said.According to McCarthy , the decision to honor Armstrong was based in part on the astronaut 's history working at the flight research center . `` This bill recognizes the achievements of Neil Armstrong in aerospace travel and space exploration , and highlights his important connection to Kern County , '' McCarthy said . `` He was a great American who served as a test pilot and began training for his famous astronaut career here in Eastern Kern . Later , he oversaw aeronautical research programs at the center and spearheaded technological innovation that continues to this day . `` From 1955 to 1962 , Armstrong served as a test pilot at the center ( then the High-Speed Flight Station ) , amassing 2,400 hours of flying time , including flying the X-15 . While still at the center in the early 1960 's , Armstrong was part of a team that conceptualized the Lunar Landing Research Vehicle , which helped create the training vehicle that he and other Apollo astronauts used to practice landing on the moon.The bid to rename the flight research center and its test range has the support of members of the area 's aerospace industry and local community organizations , including the Antelope Valley Board of Trade , the Mojave Chamber of Commerce , the Palmdale Chamber of Commerce , and the Edwards Air Force Base Civilian-Military Support Group . `` It is most appropriate that astronaut Neil A. Armstrong be honored and memorialized in this way with his noted lifelong accomplishments as the first human to walk on the moon and as a former test pilot who worked at the Dryden Flight Research Center , '' Stuart Witt , CEO of the Mojave Air and Spaceport , said.Should the bill pass into law , it would n't be the first time a NASA center has been renamed for an astronaut.On March 1 , 1999 , Lewis Research Center in Cleveland , Ohio — which was named after Dryden 's predecessor at NACA , George Lewis — became the NASA John H. Glenn Research Center at Lewis Field for the first U.S. astronaut to orbit the Earth .
© 2018 collectSPACE.com All rights reserved .
Questions ? E-mail contact @ collectspace.com
By Rev . Charles St-Onge
When I was young I used to ask my dad what he did all day at the office . I wondered that it was always a hard question for him to answer . Turns out that he was a key developer of the `` mortgage backed securities '' market in Canada ( which , unlike the US market , was carefully regulated and did more good than harm ) . But how exactly do you explain that to a middle schooler ? We 're barely at the stage of understanding what a mortgage is , never mind an MBS .
Someday , I imagine ( and it may be just my imagination ) my kids will ask the same question I asked my dad : `` What do you do ? '' The days of people assuming their pastors only worked `` on Sunday '' are probably long past . Comment if I 'm wrong ! But what exactly do we do with the other six days ? I thought it might be useful for discussion to walk through a `` typical '' week , and attempt to answer the question , `` What DO pastors do all day ? ''
Monday
Morning – At the office by 7:30 . Lead a 15 minute school faculty devotion at 7:45 , then school opening at 8:15 . Registration fees for summer youth event are due , and the amount owing seems high . Track down info and fire off emails . Lead early childhood chapel ( 60 2 – 5 year olds ) at 9:15 . Meet with children 's director for the capital campaign . Write `` Chronicle '' blog . Member of our visually impaired outreach calls – pray for his sick uncle and discuss his job search . Help set staff meeting agenda .
Afternoon – Meeting of West Houston Assistance Ministries ' pastoral advisory board . Food donations are up , but some churches have not yet sent in their financial contribution for the year . Shut-in call at 1:30 PM . Return to the office , begin work on Wednesday mid-week sermon . Phone call from a parishioner struggling with family issues . Flurry of emails to resolve youth registration issues . Email request for a brief write-up for an upcoming capital campaign newsletter . 4:30 PM – drive kids home and have a quick supper .
Evening – Elders ' meet at 6 PM , youth board at 7 PM , council at 8 PM . Home by 9:30 PM .
Tuesday
Morning – Preach for and lead early morning Eucharist at 7:15 AM . Finish grading 7th grade religion tests . 8:30 AM , lead devotions for our 1s and 2s in our day care program with our cantor . 9:15 AM , teach 7th grade religion class on `` the Parables of Jesus . '' Read and approve Chronicle blog comments . Answer emails , call back a member who left a voice mail message . Non-member comes by looking for assistance and prayer . Finally finish Wednesday sermon .
Afternoon – 12 PM lunch meeting off-site regarding Sunday radio talk show . Return to office , review bible study for that evening . Meet with a teacher concerned about non-Christians in their class . Update announcements on the website . Review visually impaired grant spending , prepare for upcoming outreach luncheon and bible study . Two urgent emails answered . Youth newsletter needs to go out : print and fold and hand off to staff for mailing . 5:30 PM – Wife brings in a casserole to share with the kids .
Evening – 7 PM Young Adult Bible Study on the Gospel of John . Muslim attendee has questions about the Trinity . Home by 9 PM .
Wednesday
Morning – Home ! Lawn needs mowing . In the office at 11:30 AM .
Afternoon – Lead noon hour Lenten service and attend light lunch served afterward . Begin work on Sunday sermon and bible study . Email request for topics to be taught in the Wednesdays after Easter . 2:30 PM shut-in call . Member stops by for a 4 PM meeting . Grab a sandwich across the street , prepare for evening service . Lead and preach at 7 PM evening worship service . Private confession and absolution afterward . Home by 8:30 PM .
Thursday
Morning – In the office by 8 AM . Set test for 7th grade religion class , check emails . Comment for Chronicle blog that needs to be answered . Voice mail from the night before – please return call to a member . Teach class at 9:15 AM . Sign this week 's birthday cards for members . Continue work on Sunday sermon and bible class . Request to write a 15 minute expansion on that Monday 's blog for recording on our radio program that afternoon .
Afternoon – Lunch meeting at 12 PM . Return to office , urgent email from building committee . Requests from Lutheran High North , Higher Things , and a Ladies ' group in Oklahoma . Complete narrative for radio program , and record at 3 PM . Continue Sunday sermon and bible study preparation . Prepare Monday morning faculty devotion and early childhood chapel . Home by 4:30 PM .
Evening – 7 PM Call on a family in Pearland ; husband a member , wife thinking of joining but has concerns . Home by 9 PM .
Friday
Day off . But bulletin calendar needs to be checked , two calls and one text from a member . One urgent . Sunday sermon and bible study finally complete !
Saturday
Morning – At the office by 10 AM . Outreach to the visually impaired , help receive attendees . Lead prayer time and bible study , then share lunch . Leave at 1 PM – premarital counseling session . Home by 2:30 PM . Oops – have n't checked Chronicle blog – someone 's going to be mad .
Sunday
At the church by 7:30 AM . Preach 8:15 and 11 AM services , lead youth bible study at 9:45 AM on James : `` Watch your tongue ! '' Lutheran Women in Mission meeting after late service . Home by 2:30 PM . Return at 6:30 PM for Junior Youth fellowship . Home by 8:30 PM .
And that , dear readers , is what one pastor does all week
Rev . Charles St-Onge is associate pastor of Memorial Lutheran Church
Hundreds of children across England and Wales aged 13 and under have been awarded official shotgun licences , according to new figures .
The shotguns are used for target or country shooting Credit : PA/EMPICS
The data , released by the Home Office for the first time , shows a total of 313 youngsters hold the documents , which entitle them to shoot provided they are supervised by an adult . Children can not shoot unsupervised until they are 15 , and can not own or hire any firearm until they are 21 . In addition , the figures reveal that there are a total of 3,938 holders of shotgun or firearms licences aged 17 or under .
313 shotgun licences held by children aged 13 and under
567,015 shotgun licences held across England and Wales in total
1,349 shotgun certificates were revoked in 2015/16
The minimum age for a firearms certificate is 14 . Christopher Graffius , from the The British Association for Shooting and Conservation , said youngsters use shotguns for target shooting and country shooting . `` The police and courts and government over the years have said that it is in the interests of public safety that those that are being taught to shoot learn these habits at an early age , '' he said . The process of obtaining their licence helped impress on youngsters the `` importance of discipline and safety '' , he added .
313 children hold shotgun licences in England and Wales , figures show Credit : PA
RED DEER , ALTA.—An Alberta mayor has issued a statement that a Confederate-like flag that apparently was displayed during a weekend protest had nothing to do with the city . Tara Veer says some citizens have contacted the city to express concerns about the flag , and she says she shares those concerns , but that people should contact the event 's organizers .
Small Confederate flags are displayed on a shelf at Arkansas Flag and Banner in Little Rock , Ark . Some North American stores stopped selling Confederate flags last year after the man accused of killing nine people at a black church in Charleston , S.C. , was photographed with one . ( Danny Johnston / Associated Press file photo )
Images of the flag were posted on Twitter — it appeared to have maple leaves instead of the usual stars that appear on the Confederate flags associated with the American Civil War . The Twitter images appeared to show a small group of people holding the flag up as they attended an anti-carbon tax rally in Red Deer on Saturday . Some North American stores stopped selling Confederate flags last year after the man accused of killing nine people at a black church in Charleston , S.C. , was photographed with one .
Article Continued Below
Alberta opposition politician Jason Nixon spoke during the anti-carbon tax rally , and says he also spoke briefly with the people carrying the flag , who he says were apart from the main crowd . Nixon says he let them know he was n't impressed and says he condemns the “ racist imagery. ” “ I am sure that they would not have been welcome had they attempted to join the rally , ” Nixon said in a statement . He said the exchange lasted only a few seconds . A number of members of the Wildrose opposition party , including leader Brian Jean , spoke at several concurrent rallies throughout Alberta on Saturday , but the events were n't organized by the party .
Red Deer radio station CHUB reported that event organizers did not immediately respond for comment on Sunday . Veer said in her statement that Red Deer prides itself on being a “ welcoming and inclusive community . ”
Read more about :
POST-MATCH CELEBRATION
After the match concludes , we have beers at Against the Grain which is conveniently located right outside the Slugger Field gate . Make sure you order a pint of the Coopers-inspired Ball Control ! $ 0.50 from every pour ( on home match days ) of Ball Control goes to Shirley 's Way , a most excellent local charity helping families of those afflicted with cancer .
WHO , AGAIN ?
This is our first match against the Baby Bulls this season . As usual , it 's a team of some fairly new , very talented faces . Regardless of the names and numbers on the shirts , RB2 plays a well-designed system to keep the ball and get their forwards or attacking mids behind the defense and through on goal . It 's exciting soccer , the kind of game a not-tired Louisville City team usually relishes playing .
This year 's edition of the Red Bulls II is a little Jekyll and Hyde . They 're consistently bad to mediocre on the road , picking up just five points and zero wins in eight away games . They can score , having put five on Tampa Bay and the Battery this season and four on Indy Eleven , with 27 goals total this season . They can concede , too , having given up three goals to Pittsburgh , Bethlehem Steel , and Ottawa Fury , totaling 25 goals agaisnt . Red Bulls II have been shut out four times in their eight away games , and have only scored more than once in a 2-2 draw at Bethlehem on June 20 .
This season , Amando Moreno leads the Baby Bulls in scoring with six goals . Justin Stroud , whom I guarantee you 've never heard of before just now , is New York 's assists leader with five . Andrew Tinari is the main chance creator with fifty ( 50 ! ) . Stefano Bonomo , a wily veteran at this point , has just three goals and two assists , but he was released from the team on Wednesday . Interesting timing , hmm ?
We 'll probably see something fairly expected from Louisville City on Saturday , the only changes being in attacking midfield if I had to guess . Hopefully the knocks that took Shaun Francis and Oscar Jimenez out of the game on Wednesday were n't too serious . City are going to have to be patient tomorrow night and more efficient with their chances . They need three points . New York 's not an easy team to get them from . Let 's do it anyway .
VAMOS MORADOS , VAMOS A GANAR !
Now and then , George W. Bush told the unvarnished truth—most often in jest . Consider the GOP presidential nominee 's Oct. 20 , 2000 , speech at a high-society $ 800-a-plate fundraiser at New York 's Waldorf-Astoria . Resplendent in a black tailcoat , waistcoat and white bow tie , Bush greeted the swells with evident satisfaction .
`` This is an impressive crowd , ” he said . “ The haves and the have-mores . Some people call you the elites ; I call you my base . ''
Advertisement :
Any questions ?
Eight months later , President Bush delivered sweeping tax cuts to that patrician base . Given current hysteria over what a recent Washington Post article called “ the runaway national debt , ” it requires an act of historical memory to recall that the Bush administration rationalized reducing taxes on inherited wealth because paying down the debt too soon might roil financial markets .
Eleven years later , the Post warns in a ballyhooed article , reading like something out of Joseph Heller 's “ Catch-22 , ” that Social Security—the 75-year-old bedrock of millions of Americans ' retirement hopes—has “ passed a treacherous milestone , ” gone “ cash negative , ” and “ is sucking money out of the Treasury . ”
Anybody who discerns a relationship between these events , that is , between a decade of keeping the “ have-mores ' ” yachts and Lear jets running smoothly and a manufactured crisis supposedly threatening grandma 's monthly Social Security check must be some kind of radical leftist .
That , or somebody skeptical of the decades-long propaganda war against America 's most efficient , successful and popular social insurance program . It 's an effort that 's falsely persuaded millions of younger Americans that Social Security is in its last days and made crying wolf a test of “ seriousness ” among Beltway courtier-pundits like the Post 's Lori Montgomery , who concocted an imaginary front page emergency out of a relatively meaningless actuarial event .
All in service , alas , of a single unstated premise : The “ have-mores ” have made off with grandma 's money fair and square . They have no intention of paying it back . That 's the only possible interpretation of the Post 's admonition that “ the $ 2.6 trillion Social Security trust fund will provide little relief . The government has borrowed every cent and now must raise taxes , cut spending or borrow more heavily from outside investors to keep benefit checks flowing . ”
Advertisement :
Little relief ? In fact , the law 's working precisely as intended . After 28 years of generating huge payroll tax surpluses to cover the baby boomers ' retirement benefits , the system must now begin to draw upon those funds to help pay current benefits—the vast majority still covered by current payroll tax receipts .
“ Rather than posing any sort of crisis , ” explains Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , “ this is exactly what had been planned when Congress last made major changes to the program in 1983 based on the recommendations of the Greenspan commission . ”
Again , this is the beneficiaries ' money , invested by the Social Security trustees in U.S. Treasury bonds drawn upon “ the full faith and credit of the United States. ” Far from being “ meaningless IOUs ” as right-wing cant has it , they represent the same legally binding promise between the U.S. government and its people that it makes with Wall Street banks and the Chinese government , which also hold Treasury Bonds .
A promise not very different , the Daily Howler 's Bob Somerby points out , from the one implicit in your bank statement or 401K ( if you 're lucky enough to have one ) . Did you think the money was buried in earthen jars filled with gold bullion and precious stones ?
Advertisement :
Raise taxes , cut spending or borrow ? What other options does the U.S. government , or any government , have ?
On his New York Times blog , Paul Krugman dissects the Catch-22 logic behind the Post 's bogus crisis . You ca n't simultaneously argue “ that the trust fund is meaningless , because SS is just part of the budget , then claim that some crisis arises when receipts fall short of payments , because SS is a standalone program. ” For practical purposes , it 's got to be one or the other .
So is Social Security a “ Ponzi scheme ” ? No , it 's group insurance , not an investment . You die young , somebody else benefits . Its finances have been open public record since 1936 . Do fewer workers support each beneficiary ? Sure , but who cares ? It 's denominated in dollars , not a head count . The boomers were nearing 40 when the Reagan administration fixed the actuarial tables . No surprises there .
Advertisement :
Are longer life expectancies screwing up the numbers ? Not really . Most of the rise is explained by lower infant and child mortality , not by old-timers overstaying their welcome . Kevin Drum points out that gradually raising the payroll tax 1 percent and doubling the earnings cap over 20 years would make Social Security solvent forever .
But that 's not good enough for the more hidebound members of the $ 800-a-plate set . See , over 75 years Social Security has provided a measure of dignity , security and freedom to working Americans that just annoys the hell out of their betters .
I 've written before about the evolutionary arms race between brood parasites ( who lay their eggs in the nests of other birds , leaving them to raise their chicks ) and their hosts . In these systems , host birds benefit from recognizing and removing parasite eggs or chicks from their nests . Meanwhile , the brood parasites keep trying to trick the hosts into accepting and caring for their young .
Hosts must walk a precarious line in defending themselves against brood parasites . Too lax , and they end up spending valuable time and energy raising another bird 's chicks . Too strict , and they run the risk of rejecting one of their own eggs by mistake . For the best results , hosts should modify how defensive they are against parasites in relation to the risk they pose .
A few years ago , Diane Colombelli-Négrel , Sonia Kleindorfer , and colleagues from Flinders University in Australia discovered a remarkable way one bird fights back against brood parasites . Female superb fairy-wrens teach their embryos a `` password '' while they 're still in their eggs . Each female 's incubation call contains a unique acoustic element . After they hatch , fairy-wren chicks incorporate this unique element into their begging calls to ask for food . Colombelli-Négrel , Kleindorfer , and colleagues showed that chicks whose begging calls most resembled their mothers ' incubation calls received more food . But the brood parasites of the fairy-wren , Horsfield 's bronze-cuckoos , produced begging calls that did not so closely resemble the parental password .
In a new study , Colombelli-Négrel , Kleindorfer , and colleagues again looked at the relationship between superb fairy-wrens and Horsfield 's bronze-cuckoos to see if a greater threat of brood parasitism would cause the fairy-wren to up its teaching efforts .
Cuckoo nestling in fairy-wren nest . Photo : Diane Colombelli-Negrel .
First , the researchers recorded calls from 17 fairy-wren nests in South Australia . They found the similarity between the mother 's password and the chick 's begging call was predicted by the number of incubation calls produced by the mother : If females made many incubation calls , their chicks ended up producing more similar begging calls .
Next , the researchers conducted a playback experiment at 29 nests . They broadcast either the song of Horsfield 's bronze-cuckoo or a neutral bird . After the cuckoo calls , but not after the neutral bird calls , female fairy-wrens made more incubation calls to their embryos . In other words , female fairy-wrens that heard a cuckoo near their nest increased their efforts to teach their password to their embryos .
Colombelli-Négrel and Kleindorfer say their results provide a mechanism for how fairy-wrens could get better at decision-making and lower the probability of committing an acceptance error for a cuckoo chick or a rejection error for one of their own chicks .
`` When there are cuckoos in the area , you should call more to your eggs so that they have a higher call similarity after hatching and you can decide if the offspring is yours , '' Colombelli-Négrel and Kleindorfer wrote in an email . `` We show a mechanism that starts in the nest and involves active teaching and sensorimotor learning in embryos . ''
Colombelli-Négrel , Kleindorfer , and their colleagues are continuing to study how fairy-wrens teach their passwords to their chicks . They 're currently looking at how the fairy-wren embryos learn using heart rate and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans , and whether parents do anything special to help their offspring learn , such as investing in egg nutrients that promote learning .
To beat a tricky brood parasite , superb fairy-wrens have to start teaching their offspring early and often . And when they detect a threat , these dedicated parents double-down on their teaching efforts to make sure their chicks get the message .
References :
Kleindorfer , S. , Evans , C. and Colombelli-Négrel , D. ( 2014 ) . Females that experience threat are better teachers . Biology Letters 10 : 20140046. doi : 10.1098/rsbl.2014.0046 .
Colombelli-Négrel , D. , Hauber , M. E. , Robertson , J. , Sulloway , F. J. , Hoi , H. , Griggio , M. and Kleindorfer , S. ( 2012 ) . Embryonic learning of vocal passwords in superb fairy-wrens reveals intruder cuckoo nestlings . Current Biology 22 : 2155-2160. doi : 10.1016/j.cub.2012.09.025 .
Do n't expect the U.S. government to back off its push for technology vendors to build encryption workarounds into their products , even though the FBI acknowledged it may have a way to crack into an iPhone used in the San Bernardino , California , mass shooting case .
Some lawmakers and President Barack Obama 's administration will continue to look for ways to compel tech vendors to help law enforcement agencies defeat encryption and other security controls on smartphones and other devices , security and legal experts said .
Even if the FBI can break into the iPhone used by San Bernardino mass shooter Syed Rizwan Farook , it does n't significantly change the larger discussion about encryption , said Ed Black , president and CEO of trade group the Computer and Communications Industry Association . “ There is an ongoing effort by our government and every government around the world ... to want more information . ”
The California mass shooting case , with ties to terrorism , has “ whet the appetite to get perfection in surveillance , ” Black added .
If the cracking method does work , that one intrusion would n't necessarily be a solution for every system or future iterations .
Late Monday , the FBI and Department of Justice asked a California judge to delay a hearing , scheduled for Tuesday afternoon , on the agencies ' request for Apple to help them unlock Farook 's iPhone . On Sunday , an “ outside party demonstrated to the FBI a possible method ” for unlocking the phone , the DOJ said in a court filing .
Magistrate Judge Sheri Pym has ordered the DOJ to submit a status report on its unlocking efforts by April 5 .
Also on Monday , there were news reports of two prominent senators distributing long-rumored draft legislation that would require U.S. tech companies to help law enforcement agencies access encrypted communications .
While a newly discovered iPhone unlocking method may help the FBI in this case , there 's still a broader issue , legal experts said .
In early March , Cyrus Vance Jr. , district attorney for New York County in New York , told lawmakers his office was in possession of 205 locked smartphones that could be used as evidence in criminal cases .
A legal precedent may be more beneficial to the FBI “ as cracking this device will not provide a long-term solution for future technologies , ” said Jennifer Dukarski , a technology lawyer with the Butzel Long law firm in Ann Arbor , Michigan . “ If the cracking method does work , that one intrusion would n't necessarily be a solution for every system or future iterations . ”
Law enforcement agencies will continue to push for new rules , even as “ a successful cracking would also suggest that there is n't a need for such legislation , ” she added by email .
The case , and the potential for cracking into the phone , shows the risks involved with requiring security holes , added Elad Yoran , executive chairman of mobile security vendor KoolSpan .
“ What this demonstrates is that providing strong cybersecurity and encryption is extremely difficult , even for well-resourced companies like Apple , ” Yoran said by email . “ It is impossible to do so with so-called workarounds and backdoors that the FBI seeks . ”
AS Roma are delighted to announce the signing of Stephan El Shaarawy from AC Milan .
The Italian forward joins on a loan deal until 30 June 2016 , for a fee of €1.4million . The agreement includes an option to make the deal permanent , for a fee of €13million , before the beginning of the 2016-17 season .
The 23-year-old Italian international signed his contract with the Giallorossi having successfully passed his medical in Rome .
El Shaarawy began to catch the eye while playing in the Genoa youth academy , making his first-team debut in December 2008 , just one month after his 16th birthday .
After winning the Coppa Italia and Primavera Super Cup with Genoa , El Shaarawy moved on loan to Padova in Serie B . The forward enjoyed an excellent season with Padova , earning himself a move to AC Milan in the summer of 2011 and securing his status as one of the most promising youngsters in Italian football .
El Shaarawy scored his first Serie A goal in September 2011 against Udinese . He went on to score 21 times in 83 appearances for AC Milan , before joining Monaco on loan in the summer of 2015 .
Having progressed up through the Italy youth ranks from U16 to U21 level , El Shaarawy made his senior international debut on 15 August 2012 away against England . His first goal for Italy came on 14 November 2012 against France . As things stand , El Shaarawy has made 17 appearances for the Azzurri , scoring two goals .
After sealing his move to Roma , El Shaarawy shared his initial reaction with Roma TV : “ I 've joined Roma to show what I can do - to myself , the coach and the Italian game as a whole . I hope to repay the faith the club is showing in me and therefore I want to give 100 % when I play to try and achieve great things here . ”
The US Department of Defense is using an animated online course about a zombie pandemic to teach active-duty military nurses about population health . There are actual Pentagon guidelines for a zombie outbreak as well . Do they know something we do n't ?
Military nurses studying for their doctorate at the Uniformed Services University of the Healthcare Sciences ( USU ) have to take a course on population health . Because many of the students are deployed around the world , the course has to be available online . It is not all PowerPoints and reading , however : the course features an animated storyline revolving around a zombie pandemic in Washington , DC .
The course was developed by Dr. Catherine Ling , assistant professor and family nurse practitioner at USU 's Daniel K. Inouye Graduate School of Nursing , earning her the prestigious Teaching with Sakai Innovation Award in 2015 .
“ We use the narrative device of a zombie pandemic in animations and assignment to help engage students in content , ” Ling explained in a USU release about the course . Students have to apply the theories and models of public health that they learned in the course to the case of the zombie apocalypse .
The zombie story “ keeps the material interesting , ” and the theme helps the lessons be more cohesive , Ling said . That narrative cohesion makes it easier to remember the material , and later apply it in a real-life health emergency such as outbreaks of Ebola , Zika or swine flu .
Students are assigned to a fictional – at least one hopes so – division of the Defense Department , called HHIT , and have to deal with the zombie apocalypse by enacting quarantines , administering vaccines , and obtaining international resources while adhering to actual Pentagon guidelines , Ling explained .
A training document imagining the military 's response to a zombie apocalypse was actually released by the Pentagon in May 2014 . Title CONOP 8888 , the scenario was used by US Strategic Command as a teaching tool , with STRATCOM explaining that it “ elected to use a completely impossible scenario that could never be mistaken as a real plan . ”
While the USU only made a screenshot from one of the animations available – depicting a zombie inside the National Museum of Natural History – the release says the course includes video clips featuring the president making a “ State of the Zombie Pandemic ” address , and the consequences of the zombie virus , including “ anti-zombie posters strewn all over cities . ”
Students who have taken the course seem to like it , USU said , citing one Air Force officer who happens to be a big fan of the zombie TV show The Walking Dead .
“ I thought it was a wonderful , fun twist to this course , ” Air Force Captain Marcie Hart is quoted as saying . “ The videos are very tastefully done , ” Hart added , noting that “ the ‘ infected ' can be cured later in the scenario , so the characters are not using deadly force , and it is not overtly violent . ”
Previously abbreviated as USUHS , the USU was established in 1972 and graduated its first class in 1980 . The school 's campus is located in Bethesda , Maryland , just outside of Washington , with a total budget of $ 146.3 million in 2015 .
It 's finally done ! ! After about 3 months of working on-and-off on my pixel painting , I am finally finished ! I was really pretty proud of myself for finishing a project and having it turn out exactly how I wanted . I do still need to frame it but that can wait ( framing ai n't cheap ) .
I found the inspiration for this project years ago from Whit & Whistle through pinterest . I had tried doing a small painting of a photo of some macarons that I took , but the painting did n't translate very well when it was pixelated .
It was n't until about 3 months after we moved to this new place , that I realized that we needed something for our blank bathroom walls . I spent a while thinking about what to put up . As it turned out , just before my month off , a friend of mine asked me to recreate some watercolours for her , and immediately after those were done , I knew that I wanted to do a watercolour for our bathroom . I looked back through my Pinterest boards , saw the pixel painting , and knew that the painting would be the perfect thing to hang in the bathroom !
I wo n't lie , it is pretty tedious , but I happen to be the kind of person who likes to do tedious things ( see Rhubarb Lattice Tart ) if the result is sure to be beautiful .
There is a whole tutorial on Whit & Whistle 's website , which I followed pretty closely . There is definitely some truth to finding the right picture that will translate well into pixels . I played around with several from my trip to Italy , and eventually settled on a shot from Manarola in Cinque Terre . The colours of the water were the perfect turquoise to match my bathroom decor .
Once I had my shot , I decided how big I wanted to make it ( 11.5″ x 14.5″ ) , and how much white space I wanted on my paper ( about a 2″ border ) . I then drew a rectangle for the border filled it in with vertical and then horizontal lines to form tiny perfect squares . One thing that I did do differently was to draw in watercolour pencil crayon – that way , the pigment will blend right into the paint and you wo n't be able to see any pencil lines . I chose a teal blue colour so that it would blend in with the water and a light yellow colour for the beige portions of the painting . I also numbered my paper and the image on the screen because my painting was pretty big and I did n't want to mess up the colours .
Then it was time to start painting . Another great tip from Whit & Whistle was to paint every other square . This definitely helped because then the colours would n't run together , and you 're able to keep the squares intact and looking like pixels . I used a rather large palette and had about 15-20 colours on the go while I was painting . The great thing about watercolours is that if I got bored or had to stop painting , I could just leave the palette and let it dry up , but when I was ready to come back to it , all I had to do was add some water .
Here 's a peek at my process :
Even though it took me a while to complete , I think the result is definitely worth it ! I think the pixels make it a bit more interesting than if I were to have just painted it as a landscape .
Here 's a look at the finished pixel painting :
UPDATE : I finally got the painting framed and hung it in our bathroom where it adds a lovely teal pop of colour . It really complements the watercolour agate slices on the adjacent wall , and the gold & glass jars for our q-tip/cotton pads !
What do you think of the finished product ? Do you have enough patience to be able to complete a pixel painting of your own ? Let me know !
xo , tess .
Like this : Like Loading ...
JetBlue ( JBLU ) is capping its ticket prices in every city in Florida where the airline operates so people can evacuate as Hurricane Irma barrels through the Caribbean .
JetBlue will charge a maximum of $ 99 up to the last available seat for direct flights and a maximum of $ 159 up to the last available seat for connecting flights , a JetBlue representative told Yahoo Finance . That includes government taxes .
The airline has also added flights to its schedule out of select cities where they have aircraft available .
For existing reservations , JetBlue is waiving cancellation fees as well as waiving change fees and differences in air fare for rebooking .
“ Given that many Floridians are struggling to get out of harm 's way , this is welcome news , ” Florida Sen. Bill Nelson ( D-FL ) said in an emailed statement sent by a spokesman . “ I hope more airlines do the right thing and follow suit . ”
Other airlines followed JetBlue 's lead .
On Wednesday afternoon , American Airlines ( AAL ) said it would also cap its airfares .
“ While there are limited seats remaining before the storm hits , we will cap our pre-tax fares at $ 99 for MainCabin seats on direct , single leg flights out of Florida for tickets sold through Sunday Sept. 10 for travel until Sept. 13 , ” a spokeswoman said in a statement to Yahoo Finance .
A spokesman for Delta ( DAL ) told Yahoo Finance that the airline reduced the price level of its highest fares , which are “ typically seen when customers are booking last-minute travel and inventory is limited . ”
“ In addition , we are waiving change fees for customers who want to change their flight plans due to the forecast . We have full details on the waiver at delta.com , ” the Delta spokesman said . “ We also are adding flights and increasing the size of the aircraft we 're using on flights to and from San Juan and south Florida , providing more opportunities for customers to leave . New flights are being added to and from San Juan , Miami , Palm Beach , Fort Lauderdale and Key West , all to Atlanta ( where people can connect to destinations across the U.S. ) . ”
Delta is capping fares at $ 399 on flights out of Florida and the impacted islands . New flights are being added from Miami , Palm Beach , Fort Lauderdale and Key West to Atlanta , the spokesman confirmed to Yahoo Finance .
United Airlines ( UAL ) added six additional flights in Florida with airfare capped at $ 399 . Those additional flights have already sold out , according to a spokesperson .
A number of travelers had complained of steep airfares as they scrambled to book tickets to flee the storm . Some had even noticed prices above $ 1,000 .
Here 's what the fares look like on JetBlue 's website at the time of this article 's publication .
Julia La Roche is a reporter for Yahoo Finance . Follow her on Twitter .
Obviously Uncharted 4 's delay was a bit of a bummer . But good things come to those who wait and , as Naughty Dog has explained before with The Last of Us , games are held back to make them better . Now , director Neil Druckmann has talked a little more about the delay and the reasons behind it .
“ It was a very hard decision , ” he explains in this month 's OPM . `` The Last Of Us was the first game we ever delayed – by a month – and we felt so guilty and so horrible having to do that , and yet shipping a game that was n't up to our vision would have felt worse '' . It 's a similar story with Uncharted 4 . `` Much of the development and figuring things out happens as we go , '' Neil explains . `` There were certain sequences where we were like ‘ Okay , this is a pretty ambitious sequence , we will probably have to cut this ... '
Obviously , for the finale of series packed with big moments fans would expect Uncharted 4 to end on a bang , and so does Neil : “ Even when I 'm describing the ending , it 's a pretty ... Well , I guess this is a little bit of a spoil ... Nah , I 'm not going to say it ! But there is something that happens that requires quite a bit of work for what we want it to do , and again we would have had to reduce that scope and reduce that ambition to meet that [ original ] deadline '' .
So , tough call . Scale back for Nate 's send off and hit the original release date , or delay the game , disappoint fans but give him a fitting goodbye . “ We were weighing those choices between fans and their expectations , '' explain Neil . `` It was going to disappoint them to push this thing back , but this is the last chapter for Nathan Drake , so let 's give ourselves as much time as possible and go all-out for this series . ”
You can read the rest of the in depth interview with Neil Druckmann in OPM 's massive Uncharted 4 feature . The new Official PlayStation Magazine celebrates 20 years of PlayStation and includes a celebratory look back at the last two decades of Sony goodness and has a very special secret of PlayStation feature . It will be on shelves on Friday September 25th . Alternatively you can download ithereorsubscribeto future issues .
In this Monday , Feb. 29 , 2016 , photo , Brett Broviak , a manager of respiratory and sleep services at IU Health North Hospital , shows off his Fitbit fitness tracker for the camera on the hospital 's campus in Carmel , Ind . ( Photo11 : AJ Mast , AP )
( NEWSER ) – It happens every day—someone goes about his or her ordinary schedule has a seizure , gets looked over by a doctor , and hopefully lives to tell about it .
Only in the case of a 42-year-old man who went to the emergency room at Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center in New Jersey immediately following a seizure , the data tracked on his Fitbit helped inform doctors of the appropriate course of action to take to save his life , those docs report in the journal Annals of Emergency Medicine .
It 's the first time a fitness tracker has been used like this , reports Gizmodo . The key question in this case was whether the irregularly high and erratic heartbeat ( atrial fibrillation ) he suffered three hours prior to the seizure—which they would n't have known about had it not been for the man 's tracker—was chronic or episodic .
If chronic , resetting his heart rate via rhythm conversion , essentially shocking it back to normal , could dislodge a clot , cause a stroke , and possibly kill the man . But the Fitbit revealed exactly when he had a spike in heart rate and that it was abnormal , and his tracker from that day even reveals ( through the subsequent slowing of his heart rate ) when the drug diltiazem was administered .
`` Not all activity trackers measure heart rates , but this is the function of most value to medical providers , '' says one of the authors , per the Huffington Post , which notes that the devices are n't medical but may be used in this way more in the future as they become more reliable . ( This couple found out they were expecting thanks to the woman 's Fitbit . )
More from Newser :
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1S2GX2N
Snakebitten welterweight title challenger Johny Hendricks headlined the list of 11 fighters to received extended medical suspensions in the aftermath of UFC 167 , according to information released to MMAFighting.com by the Nevada State Athletic Commission .
Hendricks , who fell short in a controversial split decision against UFC welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre in the night 's main event , will be required to receive orthopedic clearance on his right knee or sit out a mandated six months .
Three additional UFC 167 fighters received similar potential six-month medical suspensions following Saturday night 's event , which took place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , NV . Pay-per-view winner Ali Bagautinov will require orthopedic clearance on his left foot , while undercard openers Gian Villante and Cody Donovan both require orthopedic clearance for hand injuries .
Likewise seven fighters were handed minor medical suspensions , including the battered but victorious St-Pierre . He , along with notable main card losers Chael Sonnen and Josh Koscheck will be sidelined until New Years Day 2014 .
A complete list of UFC 167 medical suspensions can be seen below .
Over the past month much attention has been paid to the role played by fake news — a combination of conspiracy theories from places like Infowars and stories from hoax websites — in influencing the course of the U.S. election and helping Donald Trump win the presidency . But over the weekend , we were reminded that sometimes effective propaganda can be misleading without being fake at all .
The Russian government , according to the CIA , pulled off an astonishing bit of psychological operations on the American electorate without ever technically lying to anyone . CIA agents , according to news reports , presented a formal analysis to lawmakers last week , arguing that the Russian government had hacked the email accounts of Democratic Party leaders and then used WikiLeaks to strategically release the emails , sowing conspiracy theories and paranoia to dampen voter turnout for Clinton . ( Julian Assange and people close to him continue to deny that Russia was the source of the leaked emails . )
Advertisement :
Assuming that the Russians did this , their strategy worked because too many power players in the American political ecosystem were too shortsighted , lazy and selfish to look past their own immediate self-interest and consider the big picture . What the purported Russian email hack ended up doing was illustrating the various weaknesses in our political systems and culture — weaknesses that Trump , likely with Vladimir Putin 's assistance , was able to exploit to claw his way into the White House .
Here 's a short list of the various political weaknesses that Russian hackers were able to take advantage of .
Mainstream media outlets are more interested in appearing fair than actually being fair .
Trump is so corrupt that he coughs up more genuine scandals before breakfast than most dirty politicians can come up with in a lifetime . Hillary Clinton , in contrast , is a clean politician , which we know because she 's been under some kind of dogged investigation for the better part of three decades , without a speck of real dirt coming up on her .
But to report this basic truth — that one candidate was irredeemably corrupt and the other was not — would have drawn accusations from the right that the media was in the tank for Clinton . So , in order to appear fair , mainstream media outlets embraced a policy of being incredibly unfair to Clinton , blowing every non-scandal out of proportion .
WikiLeaks and its Russian buddies were able to exploit this media bias toward `` balance '' over truth by slowly releasing emails regarding the Clinton Foundation , Democratic National Committee strategy and other hot-button topics . None of these emails were scandalous by any commonsense measure , but media organizations ' need to show they were being as `` tough '' on Clinton as they were on Trump led to a widespread tendency to equate Clinton 's non-scandals with Trump 's actual scandals .
Advertisement :
Most people do n't really read the news , but just glean general themes from headlines and cable TV .
Those individuals who actually bothered to read the stories about the email leaks would generally find that the blaring headlines were wildly misleading . As Matthew Yglesias at Vox wrote , one hacked email chain `` does n't raise the question of whether Clinton Foundation staff got special access to passports from the State Department . It answers the question . They did n't , as the story says . ''
It 's the same story for the questions `` raised '' by emails stolen from DNC officials and Hillary Clinton 's campaign chair John Podesta . If one read past the headlines , one would invariably find that there was nothing scandalous going on .
For instance , one headline for Vanity Fair read :
Advertisement :
But in the actual text , writer T.A . Frank admitted that `` you 'll find nothing close to a scandal in itself '' and `` Clinton 's campaign is , mostly , reassuringly plodding and rules-bound . ''
Or take this Politico headline :
The actual article noted , however , that `` the emails affirm the campaign 's reputation for extreme caution , with an eagerness to proactively influence news coverage . '' Scandalous .
Advertisement :
The problem is that most people do n't read much past the headlines . Only 31 percent of the people who read online articles , according to statistical averages , read more than a few paragraphs . But the big reveal in the typical article about the email leaks — that there was no scandal — usually came well into a piece , at a point where most readers disengaged .
And that 's just when you 're talking about the people who actually clicked on the article . Nowadays , a lot of people do n't even do that . They see headlines on Twitter or Facebook about news story and do n't bother to read it .
All these stories about `` leaked '' emails left the indelible impression with voters that there must have been something in them that was worth leaking , even if they had no idea what it was . Which , if I 'm going to hazard an educated guess , is exactly the impression the Russian hackers were trying to leave .
Advertisement :
People on the left can be conspiracy theorists , too .
Nation writer Josh Holland joked on Twitter about the shortsightedness of the social media reaction to the CIA 's reveal about Russian involvement in our election :
As soon as the news came out , a bunch of Bernie Sanders dead enders started roaming social media , looking for Clinton supporters to snipe at . ( The phrase `` Bernie would have won '' has developed into a virtual catcall for the sexist left . ) It was an odd response , but it makes sense if you remember that the Bernie Bros. were the main audience for WikiLeaks ' insinuations that Clinton had to cheat to beat her male opponent in the primary .
The email hack did not actually reveal any evidence that the Democratic National Committee had treated Sanders unfairly during the primary . It did find that some DNC employees expressed negative thoughts about him after his campaign repeatedly accused party officials of dirty pool , but there was no dirt beyond private grousing .
Advertisement :
But WikiLeaks timed the release of the emails right before the Democratic National Convention , when many Sanders supporters were still grieving their candidate 's defeat during the primaries . It seems clear that the intent was to foment conspiracy theories about the DNC 's `` rigging '' the context . That strategy worked even better than pro-Trump forces could have dreamed , leading to widespread accusations that Clinton had cheated and dampening enthusiasm for her in the general election .
Unsurprisingly , the same folks who flogged these not-actually-scandalous emails in July are now trying to cast doubt on the CIA report , showing that they have n't learned anything about the dangers of buying into propaganda just because it flatters your ego .
( This should go without saying , but in our day and age , one ca n't be too sure : Most Sanders supporters did not engage in spreading these conspiracy theories , and Bernie Sanders himself campaigned for Clinton and had nothing to do with the conspiracy theories . The problem is that all these left-wing conspiracy theories contributed to the Big Lie that Clinton was corrupt , which helped reduce turnout for her . )
Most Republican politicians put party before country .
Advertisement :
One of the scariest revelations in The Washington Post piece about the CIA report was that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , in a secret meeting between Democratic and Republican leaders , `` raised doubts about the underlying intelligence and made clear to the administration that he would consider any effort by the White House to challenge the Russians publicly an act of partisan politics . ''
The threat — and it was a threat — seems like it was effective because the White House decided against the release . But the whole thing is a neat distillation of Republicans ' attitude toward any Trump-based corruption : They 're happy to look the other way as Trump and his supporters plunder the country , spread racism and bigotry and undermine our democracy , so long as they get a crack at destroying Social Security and Medicare .
Newly hired Sabres GM Jason Botterill has said on multiple occasions that he prefers to build from within the organization , not through free agency . That being said , after the NHL Draft last week Botterill told reporters he and his staff would explore all options , including adding an unrestircted free agent .
Five intriguing unrestricted free agents the Sabres should consider ( in no particular order ) :
Sam Gagner
Center/Winger , 27-years-old
Columbus Blue Jackets -- 81GP , 18G , 32A , 50P
How in the world is Sam Gagner only 27-years-old ? Does n't it seem like he 's been in the league forever ?
Gagner 's tenth season was his most successful statistically , bouncing back with 50 points after an abysmal 16 points in 2015-2016 . His struggles two-years-ago allowed the Blue Jackets to sign him to a one-year , $ 650,000 deal .
Believe pending UFA C Sam Gagner is visiting Vancouver today , checking out the # Canucks and vice-versa . — Frank Seravalli ( @ frank_seravalli ) June 28 , 2017
Gagner will get a hefty raise , but how much more is he worth ? If he can be signed for something reasonable ( less than $ 4M per year ) the Sabres should consider adding him into the mix .
Trevor Daley
Defenseman , 33-years-old
Pittsburgh Penguins -- 56GP , 5G , 14A , 19P
Botterill should n't be in the market to throw a big contract at 33-year-old defenseman . However , there 's no denying that Daley would immediately jump into the Sabres starting lineup , likely in Buffalo 's top two pairs .
According to multiple reports , Daley has spoken with several teams and appears to be one of the more popular players on the open market . The Sabres should n't hand him a big contract , but he 's an intriguing option if his market value is reasonable .
Nick Bonino
Center , 29-years-old
Pittsburgh Penguins -- 80GP , 18G , 19A , 37P
Adding Bonino just makes too much sense . The Sabres desperately need to add another solid forward to their roster and Bonino is a versatile player who can contribute in almost any situation .
According to Darren Dreger of TSN , at least ten teams are interested in Bonino . With Botterill now steering the ship in Buffalo , it would n't be a surprise if the Sabres were one of those teams .
Many teams in the market for a center have connected with Nick Bonino . At least 10 teams are said to have serious interest at this stage . — Darren Dreger ( @ DarrenDreger ) June 29 , 2017
Thomas Vanek
Left-Wing , 33-years-old
Florida Panthers -- 68 games played , 17G , 31A , 48P
Vanek proved last year with Detroit and Florida that he can still play at a high level . Brining Vanek back to Buffalo could sound crazy , but after Evander Kane , the Sabres next left-winger on their depth chart is Marcus Foligno .
Alex Nylander will likely need another year in the AHL , especially with Botterill at the helm . Adding Vanek brings a viable scoring threat who likely wo n't require an arm and a leg . Just imagine how fun this top-six could be :
Vanek - O'Reilly- Okposo
Kane - Eichel - Reinhart
Michael Del Zotto
Defenseman , 27-years-old
Philadelphia Flyers -- 51GP , 6G , 12A , 18P
A few years ago many believed Del Zotto would evolve into a top-pair defenseman . Instead , he was in and out of the Flyers lineup last season . Consistency was the 27-year-olds the biggest issue , especially in his own end .
Adding Del Zotto should only be explored if he can be signed to a deal that pays him much less than he was making with the Flyers ( $ 3.75M ) . His puck-moving prowess is intriguing with Phil Housley on the bench , making this a low-risk move that could pay off .
April 22 , 2009
Participants in Government Investment Plan
Most financial institutions have received capital infusions via the Treasury 's Capital Assistance Program , a bank-share purchase program intended to restore confidence in banks and get them to lend . This program is funded with $ 250 billion of the $ 700 billion Troubled Assets Relief Program authorized by Congress in October 2008 via the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act . Below , see a list of participating companies . Click the headers of the columns to sort by company , state and amount .
Last updated : 4/22/2009
WSJ.com
To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player here . The version of Adobe Flash Player required to view this interactive has not been found.To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player
Veronique Courjault , an expat French woman living in South Korea who was jailed for killing three of her babies and hiding their bodies in the family freezer , was freed Monday after four years in jail .
ADVERTISING Read more
AFP- A French woman who killed three of her own babies , burning one corpse and hiding the others in the family freezer , has been freed after spending four years behind bars , officials said Friday .
Veronique Courjault was sentenced in June 2009 to eight years in jail after she admitted to smothering two baby boys born in secret at her expat home in South Korea in 2002 and 2003 , and a third child born in France in 1999 .
Now aged 42 , and with two sons aged 13 and 15 , Courjault was released on Friday having served half her sentence after the time she spent in remand since her arrest in October 2006 was taken into consideration .
`` It 's a relief ... We can finally start again and the future is ahead of us , '' her husband Jean-Louis Coujault , who proclaimed his support for his wife throughout the case , told RTL radio .
Her lawyer Helen Delhommais said that Courjault had been freed on condition that she did not talk to the media .
Courjault hid two pregnancies from her husband after he moved the family to the South Korean capital Seoul to take a job as an engineer for the US car parts company Delphi .
Jean-Louis Courjault found the infants ' bodies in the family freezer in July 2006 after going downstairs to put some fish in the icebox . He was initially charged as an accomplice , but the charges were later dropped .
The couple at first insisted they had no idea who the infants were , but after DNA tests showed they were the parents , Veronique Courjault admitted to their murder .
She later testified that she burned the body of a third baby in the fireplace of their home in France in 1999 .
Courjault could have faced life in jail for the triple infanticide , but prosecutors had finally sought 10 years .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain became the latest Arsenal midfielder to return to full training on Saturday , but faces a race against time to be back playing before the end of the season .
Oxlade-Chamberlain has been out since injuring his knee against Barcelona in February , but Arsenal published pictures of him back in training with the squad ahead of their trip to Sunderland on Sunday .
Jack Wilshere , Santi Cazorla and Tomas Rosicky have also returned to training in recent weeks , with Oxlade-Chamberlain the last long-term absentee to come back .
Wilshere could be in the squad on Sunday after playing three games with the under-21s , but Arsene Wenger said both Oxlade-Chamberlain and Cazorla need more time .
Arsenal only have three games left after Sunday 's match , though , meaning it will be hard to find playing time for all four midfielders .
`` They are not ready yet and I have n't decided yet , but there are not many games left , '' Wenger said about Oxlade-Chamberlain and Cazorla , adding that they could first play with the U21s as well .
Wenger said after Thursday 's win over West Brom that he was still undecided about whether to include Wilshere in the squad against Sunderland or wait until next weekend 's home game against Norwich . Wilshere is desperate to prove his fitness in order to earn a spot in England 's European Championship squad .
`` At the moment I do not know if I will take him on Sunday or not . Should I take him , you can not plan that he will play a part in the game , '' Wenger said . `` He made a big improvement in the third [ U21 ] game . In the first two he was all right , but in the third he found his burst back , the little change of pace . If I do n't take him this weekend , I will take him the weekend after , certainly . ''
Mattias is ESPN FC 's Arsenal correspondent . Follow him on Twitter : @ MattiasKaren .
How Many People Live to 100 Across the Globe ?
By : Steven Goodman - Updated : 14 Jan 2019 | * Discuss Tweet
If you have been following these pages then you have already come to find out that centenarians , people who reach the age of 100 years or more , are currently the fastest growing part of the population . You have learned a little about where they live , how they live , and have taken away maybe one or two of their secrets . So you may now be wondering just how many centenarians are there currently living on this planet we call home ? Current estimates put the figure of total centenarians worldwide at about 450,000 . Exact numbers may be difficult to determine , since many centenarians live in developing or outlying areas , where census data is not often available . However the numbers of centenarians in industrialized nations are still rather impressive .
The West
In total numbers the United States has the most centenarians with currant estimates as high as 72,000 . If the population of centenarians continues to increase at its current rate of expansion there could be close to 1 million people of 100 years of age or more by 2050 residing in the US . In the UK while the overall numbers of centenarians are much smaller the trend is the same . The Office of National Statistics reports around 9000 centenarians today in The UK and Wales , a 90-fold increase since 1911 , a 7 % plus increase since 2005 . At the current rate of expansion , UK 's centenarian population could reach over 40,000 by 2031 . As in other parts of the industrialized world people over 90 are the fastest growing segment of the population in the UK .
The East
In total numbers of centenarians Japan is second to the US , with a current population of about 30,000 . However that number has almost quadrupled in the last 10 years , making the centenarians population in Japan rising more dramatically then anywhere else . At its current rate of expansion Japan 's population of centenarians may rival that of the United States in sheer numbers in the years ahead . Certainly by 2050 Japan proportionally will have the most centenarians in the world . In proportion to its large population China does not have a high percentage of centenarians , about 7000 officially in the least census . However with the rate of expansion of the population in general in China , and the number of centenarians increasing proportionally , it is estimated that in total numbers China will actually lead the world population of centenarians by 2050 , with over 450,000 . Since the death of Dominica 's “ Ma Pampo ” , the “ official ” world 's oldest person currently resides in Japan , Yone Minigawa at 114 .
Everywhere Else
They are many other places in the world that sport high populations of centenarians , many of them claiming to have the “ Most Centenarians ” ( based on their population ) in the world . The most recent such claim goes to the Czech Republic where a just completed census says that it has 673 centenarians in the small country . Other countries with large centenarian populations include :
Spain – 10,000
France – Over 3000
Canada – Roughly 5000
Italy – 4500 – 5000
You might also like ...
Share Your Story , Join the Discussion or Seek Advice .. [ Add a Comment ]
Marc Z - 14-Jan-19 @ 1:02 AM My mom is 104 1/2 years old . We just flew with her from New York to Florida for a vacation . She is a psychotherapist and still sees a few patients . She has no medical problems , ( other than that she is 104 ) . She takes almost no medications.She was born on the week of the beginning of World War I .
crusher - 1-Sep-18 @ 1:08 AM i 'll be 121 in the morning , i smoke two cigars for breakfast and drink five cups of coffee with pure 100 % fat whipping cream . i have sex five times a day , wife , her sister , sisters cousin , becky from 7-11 and beckys mom . skip lunch and have two cigars before a nice fat rib-eye and bottle of italian red wine for dinner . i do n't have time for exercise or lunch , but it all seems to work . right to bed after the 6pm news , up at 4am for a fluente .
VOX - 17-Jan-18 @ 9:15 PM Do someone know totally how many old people from 104 years age and to the oldest one living on earth now ?
Dharmesh - 26-Oct-17 @ 4:01 PM My grand mother age is above 110 . I have come from RATANPURA , UMRETH ANAND GUJARAT , INDIA . At the age of 110 the daily routine work done by herself . And they provide the insprerssion of young generation that how to live the life .
CYNTHIA - 1-Jun-17 @ 2:32 AM WILL HAVE HER 101 BIRTHDAYAUGUST 15 ,2017
Ruth - Your Question : Just about to celebrate my grandma 's 105th birthday in June Still going strong after a life of hard work , fresh air and talking nonstop to strangers ! ! now she lives In a home , but the party will definitely be a good one ; ) Our Response : Wow congratulations to your grandma ! TheCentenarian - 15-May-17 @ 11:09 AM Wow congratulations to your grandma !
Ruth - 15-May-17 @ 2:00 AM Just about to celebrate my grandma 's 105th birthday in June Still going strong after a life of hard work , fresh air and talking nonstop to strangers ! ! now she lives In a home , but the party will definitely be a good one ; )
Mazbro - 27-Jan-17 @ 12:01 PM Google YouTube `` Dr George Church '' , several 10-minute videos from this Award Winning Harvard and MIT Professor , explain the latest Genetic Medicine that is testing life extension . He explains that the Genomes of all Americans over 100 are currently being collected and analyzed in an attempt to discover if common genes among centegenarians can be added to us all .
Craw - 26-Jan-17 @ 5:47 PM My aunt , Sylvia Duck , who lives in Somerset , was 104 on 22nd January . ( 2017 ) . She is well and chatty . She walks without help on a frame and lives at home with full time care . She remembers as a small child , talking to First World War soldiers who were recuperating after injury in her town of Malmesbury , and who my grandmother along with other locals , would invite for tea , to give them some normality . She has a good memory for past times and loves to remember her schooldays .
sugu - 6-Aug-16 @ 5:36 AM It 's not the quantity ( longevity ) of life is important . It 's the quality that makes the difference . If one is a centinarian and his faculties are intact , he is truly blessed .
Dr. Sam - 2-Mar-16 @ 4:45 PM One person 's old man is another 's long life , depending on which side of pendulum you stand .
amanda - 25-Feb-16 @ 6:28 PM I understand that the island of Dominica , in the caribbean has the most people per capita over 100 years , and they are still alert , doing own care and cooking . No dementia or alzhemiers
mikehunt - 3-Dec-15 @ 7:46 PM i am 113 years old . everyday i run 35 miles and do 4 hours of intense calisthenics including 1000 burpees and 500 one finger pull ups , i can lift a small toyota over my head and walk 40 yards . i have memorized the brittanica encyclopedia.i lucid dream every night and meet the impotentate avatars who exist in the supra celestial realms and they taught me forbidden knowledge of how to grow your own Garden of Eden vegetables along the synchronic cosmic neo-platonic metaphysical energies of the ley lines which helped me harvest 80 pound turnips and my small calvary of pygmy attack giraffes . when not levitating on my carpet during my 100 day annual fast , i am teaching dolphins how to develop their opposable thumbs and have guaranteed a contract with the gorrillas for lunar temple construction in adoration of the negentropic balancing principle of the Tao-Chi-kun-la-di-da . Music and beauty , symmetry and repitition are your mortal prisons . you search for keys that have no locks , your little ones dashed upon the rocks .
Selvan - 6-Dec-14 @ 9:02 PM My father was born on the 14th January 1912 and died on the 14th November 2014 in Sri Lanka . My father was a cigar smoker till the age of sixty five years old and he switched to chewing tobacco leaf till the age ofninety two years old . He has been blessed with eight children and had a healthy life . Until the day of death , he eats had three times a day meal and snacks . He never took any medication for blood pressure or diabetics or cholesterol . He even had cognac with his coffee twice a week . Father 's full name : Mr Vellupillai Thambu native of Varany , Northern Sri Lanka . He was aMaths teacher and did farming after retirement .
TheCentenarian - 30-Oct-14 @ 2:20 PM @ RAS . Just shows , there 's no ultimate secret to a long life !
RAS - 28-Oct-14 @ 2:21 PM George Thompson of Kingston , Jamaica is 104 years young . He was born on January 2nd , 1910 . He still smokes cigars , tobacco and uses marijuana tea only . He is skilled in masonry , carpentry and tailoring . Loves pork , green teas & coffee . Never been sick , never visit a dentist . His journey of a long life ! Praises to most High .
kkSteele - 9-Mar-14 @ 12:39 PM Live to 110 ... Well that 's better than the alternative
kallu - 18-Aug-13 @ 10:24 AM i would like to know the people who ; live for 100 years what must be their diet and also what medical problems can be faced by them ? ?
- - 18-Aug-13 @ 10:19 AM i have to know about the people who live till 100 years what must be their diet ? and what can be the medical problems they must have face ?
nostradomus - 22-May-13 @ 7:08 PM My grandmother is 104 years young and lives in saskatchewan , canada . Born in Guangdong province , China . Never ate processed food , grew her own vegetables , boiled her water and always active . Never touched alcohol or smoked ... Thats the secret ! Congrats to all Centenarians !
Jimmy - 18-Sep-12 @ 1:06 AM I am looking for the exact figure on how many people are Over the age of 100 in the State of Connecticut . I need this info For a school project . Thank You .
Dave R - 6-Jun-12 @ 6:43 PM These figures will inevitably rise as more people live past the 100 mark . If we 're to believe what we read then it could become quite commonplace over the next century , not the achievement it still appears to be . Although the figures have risen quite a bit , they look set to take a jump over the next two generations , so 110+ might not seem the real rarity it is these days . Whether that 's a good or a bad thing , though , remains to be seen .
As the world continues to reel from the latest harrowing revelations from Syria 's ongoing civil war , a fresh terror is now driving urgent efforts to find a lasting solution : the news U2 frontman Bono has ‘ taken to the studio ' with the aim of producing a stirring ballad to highlight the suffering .
According to a UN report published this morning , Syria is now “ just weeks away from a Bono charity single ” , and opposing sides must “ act with immediacy to prevent further unimaginable suffering ” .
“ The mere thought of [ Bono ] looking earnestly into the camera , pulling a pained expression and rhyming something with Aleppo should be enough to bring President Assad to the negotiations table immediately , ” said a UN spokesperson . “ We desperately urge all parties to lay down their arms and work towards a viable peace plan to ensure whatever he 's recording never sees the light of day . ”
Refugee camps across Lebanon have been put on high alert for the arrival of Bono , Bob Geldof and “ probably Chris Martin ” following rumours of a music video that will see them “ crouching on a muddy floor while surrounded by smiling children in ragged clothes ” .
A review announced by Canada 's top financial watchdog after revelations that employees at the five major banks routinely pressure customers into signing up for products they do n't need is unlikely to be effective , consumer advocates say .
The Financial Consumer Agency of Canada ( FCAC ) said Wednesday it will launch an investigation next month into sales practices at Canadian banks . If institutions are found to be in violation of the law , they could be identified and subject to a fine of up to $ 500,000 .
The review was announced after bank employees across the country told CBC 's Go Public they felt pressured to hit targets that are monitored weekly , daily and , in some cases , hourly .
More than 1,600 emails
Since the report aired last week , CBC News has received more than 1,600 emails from bank employees and customers .
But consumer and investor advocates criticized the probe , saying the bank watchdog is ineffective , with close ties to the financial sector .
Duff Conacher of Democracy Watch said the bank watchdog should not have revealed that it will investigate next month .
A teller at this TD branch in Windsor , Ont. , told CBC 's Go Public that he increased customer 's lines of credit without their knowledge , to avoid getting fired for not enough upselling .
`` The banks will now of course clean up and cover up the wrongdoing , '' he said .
`` And that 's just … ridiculous . It would be like the police announcing in the morning that they 're going to set up a speed trap on the highway and telling everyone where it was .
`` You 're not going to catch anyone that way . ''
Conacher has been tracking the big banks and the bank regulator for more than two decades . Since 2003 , the FCAC has made 125 rulings , but prosecuted just twice .
Stan Buell of the Small Investor Protection Association said Canada 's banking regulators are too closely tied to industry .
`` They really have a conflict of interest between protecting consumers and fostering the markets and enabling the companies to make money , '' Buell said .
`` These are diametrically opposed . What we need is a Canadian authority that would have the sole responsibility of protecting consumers . ''
Call for independent group
Conacher has called for an independent financial consumer organization , as recommended by a government task force nearly 20 years ago .
Consumers would run it , direct it and push for changes with no ties to industry or government , he said .
`` There are similar independent groups in the U.S. , '' he said . `` They help customers fight off rate increases with utility companies . ''
Since the investigation aired last week , bank employees and customers have come forward with complaints about tactics used by their financial institutions .
'It 's hard to trust them '
Nektaria Kyriakopoulos said her BMO MasterCard limit was increased without her consent .
`` I was surprised that they did it without my request , '' KyriaKopoulos said . `` I 've had issues with fraud in the past so I was concerned that something fraudulent had happened .
`` I mean , basically I do n't trust them as it is . It 's hard to trust them after seeing incidents like this . ''
Under Canada 's Bank Act , it 's against the law to increase a customer 's credit card limit without knowledge or consent .
In a statement , BMO said they are taking the issue seriously and `` will address any concerns . `` ​
Jeb Bush speaks at the Road to Majority conference on June 19 , 2015 , in Washington , D.C. Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
Jeb Bush is running out of time , but he may never run out of money .
The New York Times reported on Thursday that the Bush-aligned Right to Rise super PAC plans to air a 15-minute pro-Jeb documentary in New Hampshire before the GOP primary , which is shaping up to be a must-win for the former Florida governor . “ This is another way for us to tell Jeb 's story and provide more context and background about his positive vision for the country beyond what voters see in a 30-second TV spot , ” Right to Rise spokesman Paul Lindsay told the paper .
The splashy TV buy is n't entirely unprecedented , but it is certainly unusual , especially during a primary . It 's also a reminder that the Bush super PAC has so much money that it barely knows what to do with it . The group brought in more than $ 100 million in first half of this year , a total that—even with Jeb 's struggles—has continued to grow this fall . It 's hard to overstate just how much of an advantage in outside money Bush has over his more popular rivals . Through the end of June , Bush-aligned groups reported bringing in $ 108.5 million since the start of the year , roughly $ 70 million more than his closest outside-money rival ( Ted Cruz ) and more than the combined total of every Republican not named Jeb still in the 2016 race . Even before a recent spending binge last month , Bush and his allies were outspending their rivals on the airwaves by more than a 2-to-1 margin and still had plenty in the bank .
Bush began the year as his party 's de facto favorite in large part because his access to his family 's vast network of GOP megadonors was supposed to fuel a “ shock and awe ” campaign that would make short work of his less-moneyed rivals . The only thing shocking about his campaign so far , though , is how poorly it 's gone . The former front-runner currently sits in a distant fifth-place in a recent average of national polls with less than 5 percent—about 25 points behind polling leader Donald Trump and nearly 9 points behind Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio . It 's a similar story in the early voting states : Bush is fifth in Iowa , sixth in New Hampshire , and fifth in South Carolina .
Jeb , though , is n't the only example of how super PAC cash has yet to produce the type of return on investment that many deep-pocketed donors hoped—and campaign reform advocates feared—heading into this campaign cycle . Scott Walker and Rick Perry had two of the better-funded super PACs in the GOP field , and yet both dropped out well before the 2016 starting gates . Those still in the race are learning a similar lesson . NBC News crunched the numbers this week and found that campaign ads—the primary tool of the super PAC—do n't appear to be paying dividends in the way you might expect . Donald Trump , Ben Carson , and Ted Cruz sit 1-2-3 in multiple recent national polls , yet they and their allies have been outspent 16 to 1 by the likes of Bush , Marco Rubio , and John Kasich and their friends . One big reason for that may be that a super PAC dollar does n't go nearly as far as one raised directly by the campaigns since the outside groups typically have to pay much higher ad rates than candidates do .
Bush 's super PAC is n't saying how much it is spending to air the documentary , which the campaign will also post online this weekend . Regardless , it 's hard to imagine it will have a noticeable impact on either the group 's bank account or Jeb 's standing in the polls . The Times reports it “ will talk about Mr. Bush 's record as the governor of Florida , as well as describe his vision for the future , including his plans to defeat the Islamic State and overhaul the federal government. ” Those are the same things Bush has been touting on the stump and that his super PAC has been selling via their current TV and radio ads . Still , with the 2016 nominating contest officially kicking off in less than two months , the Right to Rise team might as well live out their Brewster 's Millions fantasy while they still can .
Read more of Slate 's coverage of the GOP primary .
The 44th president of the United States , Barack Obama , has a birthday coming up . Born in Hawaii on Aug. 4 , 1961 , Obama 's life story contains a journey of remarkable financial success . Raised by a single mother and his grandparents , Obama worked his way through college .
Today , as presidential nominees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton race to the White House , the president will celebrate his 55th birthday as a multimillionaire .
President Barack Obama Net Worth : $ 12.2 Million
Estimating the exact personal wealth of Barack Obama — or any U.S. president — is difficult . With certainty , Obama 's salary for his day job as president is $ 400,000 a year . But from there , hard numbers are more difficult to come by .
Under the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 , the president — along with other high-ranking federal officials — must disclose their finances every year . Those disclosures , however , are broad and vague .
An analysis of Obama 's financial disclosure in 2015 showed a net worth between $ 2 million and $ 7 million , reported USA Today . Celebrity finance resource Celebrity Net Worth , however , reported that Obama 's net worth is as high as $ 12.2 million .
Read More : How Will Hillary Clinton Affect Your Wallet ?
This year 's financial disclosure reveals the bulk of Obama 's assets are in mutual funds with JPMorgan and Vanguard . He 's also holding U.S. Treasury bills and notes valued between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million . For his daughters , Malia and Natasha , Obama has between $ 200,000 and $ 450,000 in 529 college savings plans .
The president received royalties between $ 35,000 and $ 115,000 on his three books , “ Dreams From My Father , ” “ Of Thee I Sing : A Letter to My Daughters ” and “ The Audacity of Hope. ” He also owns a home in Chicago valued at just under $ 1.5 million , according to Zillow .
A Timeline of Barack Obama 's Wealth
How exactly did Obama grow his fortune ? Here 's a timeline of his earnings over the years , using data from the president 's previous financial disclosures :
2004 : He earns a salary of $ 60,287 from the Illinois State Senate and $ 32,144 from the University of Chicago Law School , where he taught . The president also has assets in four financial funds worth between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 each .
He earns a salary of $ 60,287 from the Illinois State Senate and $ 32,144 from the University of Chicago Law School , where he taught . The president also has assets in four financial funds worth between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 each . 2005 : Obama earns just over $ 847,000 off a book advance with Random House , plus $ 378,000 off book royalties . Meanwhile , his investments grow with the addition of a Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund valued between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 . He also reports deposit accounts valued between $ 150,000 and $ 350,000 .
Obama earns just over $ 847,000 off a book advance with Random House , plus $ 378,000 off book royalties . Meanwhile , his investments grow with the addition of a Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund valued between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 . He also reports deposit accounts valued between $ 150,000 and $ 350,000 . 2006 : Obama reports royalties of just under $ 150,000 , plus $ 425,000 off a book advance . He also acquires publicly-traded assets worth tens of thousands , including funds with Goldman Sachs and Vanguard .
Obama reports royalties of just under $ 150,000 , plus $ 425,000 off a book advance . He also acquires publicly-traded assets worth tens of thousands , including funds with Goldman Sachs and Vanguard . 2007 : Obama earns $ 3.3 million off book royalties from Random House and $ 816,000 from Dystel & Goderich Literary Management . He acquires a Northern Municipal Money Market Fund valued between $ 1 million and $ 5 million , in addition to U.S. Treasury notes valued between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million . For his daughters , he invests in two 529 college savings plans , each worth up to $ 250,000 .
Obama earns $ 3.3 million off book royalties from Random House and $ 816,000 from Dystel & Goderich Literary Management . He acquires a Northern Municipal Money Market Fund valued between $ 1 million and $ 5 million , in addition to U.S. Treasury notes valued between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million . For his daughters , he invests in two 529 college savings plans , each worth up to $ 250,000 . 2008 : When Obama is sworn in as president , he owns somewhere between $ 1 million and $ 5.1 million in U.S. Treasury bills .
When Obama is sworn in as president , he owns somewhere between $ 1 million and $ 5.1 million in U.S. Treasury bills . 2009 : Obama wins the Nobel Peace Prize , which comes with a $ 1.4 million award . He donates it to an assortment of charities .
Obama wins the Nobel Peace Prize , which comes with a $ 1.4 million award . He donates it to an assortment of charities . 2009-2015 : Obama earns $ 400,000 a year as president and continues to earn book royalties , as well as interest on his investments .
Read More : 7 Ways to Build a Powerful Network
Michelle Obama Net Worth : $ 11.8 Million
First Lady Michelle Obama is a lawyer and writer . Her educational career took her through the Chicago public school system and , later , to Princeton University and Harvard Law School . After working for several years at the law firm Sidley & Austin , Michelle moved to planning and development in Chicago 's City Hall . She later became a founding member of the Chicago chapter of Public Allies , which prepares youth for public service .
Read More : 7 Ways to Build a Powerful Network
In her time as First Lady , Michelle has launched initiatives like Let 's Move ! to combat childhood obesity and Reach Higher to encourage youth to continue their education beyond high school . Although best-known for her efforts in inspiring children and women , Michelle also launched Join Forces , which looks to support veterans through education and employment opportunities .
The First Lady 's net worth is estimated at $ 11.8 million , according to Celebrity Net Worth . She has three books to her name , “ Believe in the Possibility , ” “ Michelle Obama ” and “ American Grown . ”
Andrew Lisa contributed to the reporting for this article .
This article originally appeared on GoBankingRates .
You might have heard of Reddit ( a content aggregator much like Digg ) , and chances are if you frequently peruse both The Dream Shake and Reddit , you have probably stumbled across the NBA subreddit r/nba . Individual teams also have their own fan-created subreddits , which are integrated into r/nba .
Not everyone is a fan of Reddit , but the large number of users occasionally allows for some fun , although unscientific , analysis . For example , not long after LeBron went home , a user tracked the changes in the number of r/nba users with Cavs or Heat flair and the number of subscribers to the Cavs and Heat subreddits .
Yesterday , another user posted some interesting data : graphs that compare how much certain sports subreddits are given to swearing . Different subreddits might have different numbers of users , but the graphs are based on rates , not totals . According to the NBA-specific graph , the Rockets are the third most vulgar basketball subreddit , behind only the Clippers and the Heat .
Along with them , we are the only three team-specific subreddits that best the r/nba community for sweariness . We separate the NBA teams into tiers , and the graph is no different : the Clippers are undisputed champions of swearing , the Heat their closest rival , and the Rockets lead a small group of contenders in r/nba , the Bulls , and the Knicks . How did these fan populations become the nastiest ? Where are the Lakers and Celtics ? ( Answer : somehow really low . )
You might be thinking , `` Alright , we 're rowdy ! '' You might also be thinking , `` When did we get so crass and ill-bred ? '' However , when compared to a multitude of subreddits across other sports , the Rockets actually fall to # 32 , while the Heat and Clippers stay high at # 13 and # 4 . The ultimate champion of Internet trash talk ? The Boston Bruins subreddit , by a landslide .
The only Houston team anywhere near us is the Texans at # 22 . The cricket subreddit is ahead of us at # 30 . Once again , there are tiers : Bruins are head and shoulders above the rest , followed by six contenders including the Clippers , and the rest of the subreddits are basically even in comparison , including us .
The Lakers sit at # 90 , and the Celtics somehow fell all the way to # 164 , but do we really swear more than those fans ? No way . Let 's take each city 's top two teams : the Bruins and Red Sox are # 1 and # 11 , while the Clippers and Dodgers are # 4 and # 5 . The Dolphins and Heat are # 3 and # 13 , too . But the Texans and Rockets are only # 22 and # 32 . I guess Houston fans might be salty , but Boston , LA , and Miami fans still have us beat when it comes to cursing . So next time you run into one of them , be sure to point out that we 're classier . Because we are , and the Internet says so .
[ Editor 's note : If we did this analysis at TDS , I have little doubt we 'd be close to the top of the leaderboard among SB Nation NBA sites . And we would n't have it any other way . -Patrick ]
Position : RH RP
Born : 3/9/1994
Ht : 6 ' 3 '' Wt : 205
Acquired : Drafted 1st Round - Supplemental ( 26th overall ) from Louisville in 2016
Career Stats
FutureSox Prospect Rankings
# 4 - 2016 Midseason
# 8 - 2017 Preseason
# 17 - 2017 Midseason
# 14 - 2018 Preseason
# 12 - 2018 Midseason
# 13 - 2019 Preseason
FutureSox Media
Accolades
2nd best fastball from the 2016 draft , per Baseball America
Best fastball in White Sox system , post-season 2016 ( Baseball America )
Best slider among all MLB prospects , Preseason 2017 ( Baseball America )
Best slider in White Sox system , Preseason 2018 ( Baseball America )
# 89 Prospect in MLB , Pre-season 2018 ( Fangraphs )
Scouting report
The White Sox selected the flame-throwing Zack Burdi 26th overall in 2016 , as a potentially near-MLB ready reliever . His selection near the top of the supplemental round was approximately in line with most mocks and rankings just before the draft . His brother Nick is also a hard-throwing pro pitcher ( in the Twins organization ) , and they are Chicago area products to boot , both graduating from Downers Grove South High School . At Louisville , the younger Burdi worked as the team 's closer in 2016 . After being drafted , Burdi signed for slot , and made a very brief tune-up appearance in the AZL in June ( see link to story and video above ) before being promoted to Winston-Salem . There we saw his High-A debut live as well , getting a second in-person look and interviewing him pre-game . He only pitched in four Carolina League games , before being promoted to AA Birmingham for 12 more . He then finished his whirlwind tour of the Sox minors at AAA Charlotte with 9 more appearances . In the end across four levels , he finished with these numbers for 2016 : 38 IP , 23 H , 14 ER , 20 BB , 51 K. 2017 had Zack back in Charlotte , but just as he looked ready for a call-up he tore his UCL and underwent Tommy John surgery . He 's just started a rehab assignment in early August of 2018 , in the AZL .
Burdi throws hard - exceptionally hard . His fastball typically runs 97 to 100 , but has hit as high as 102 as we saw in June . It 's a lively fastball too with significant ( and variable ) movement . His location is n't always great with the pitch , but that command has improved markedly since he started his pro career . He 's also got a slider with impressive 2-plane break and comes in around 90 as a plus offering . His third pitch is a change-up in a similar velocity range to the slider ; it 's a tumbler but the movement was n't impressive in our looks and he was leaving it up . His delivery has some oddities , but is relatively smooth , despite the dramatic acceleration and rotation with a low 3/4 delivery . That nearly side-arm delivery had some fearing future injury . He certainly has the velocity and movement he needs , but his command a little more work to do before he 's likely to be effective in the majors against more patient hitters . A pitcher with this repertoire does n't need to be a surgeon to be effective , but some command is still a necessity . TJS wo n't keep Burdi off the radar - look for him to be part of the discussion for an MLB role in 2019 , after he spends 2018 rehabbing and then shaking off the rust .
Major League Outlook : High leverage reliever
ETA : 2019
Want to know right away when we publish a new article ? Type your email address in the box on the right-side bar ( or at the bottom , if on a mobile device ) and click the `` create subscription '' button . Our list is completely spam free , and you can opt out at any time .
Motorists will endure 11 days of traffic snarls on St Kilda Road in a harbinger of the years of Metro rail tunnel works hell to come .
St Kilda Road will endure three years of heavy traffic when it is reduced from four lanes in each direction to just one each way from next year . The section affected is between Bowen Crescent and Kings Way/Toorak Road West .
But a precursor of the pain will come in the school holidays when St Kilda Road will be down to one lane each way for 11 days from July 1 . During this time tram commuters will need to take replacement buses .
Once that work is complete , from July 12 , St Kilda Road will have a lane each way restored between Bowen Crescent and Kings Way/Toorak Road West .
Well , I have been looking into converting the gpd win ( or PSV 2000 ) analogue joysticks into clickable ones ... I think the clickable part must be put either into the whole joystick package ( disasembling it and 3D printing the lower encasing so it would fit a microswitch or a dome switch ) or on top of the shaft ( with a 3D printed shaft+uppercup replacement which would fit a dome switch ; in this case there would be a replacement for the now rubber cover , replaced with a cap that would cover the dome switch and it would be railed in the replaced shaft in a `` for claw '' manner or so , or maybe it can be rubber too ... but theese dome switches need a hard tip to press the dome ) .Look at theese : http : //www.ckswitches.com/media/1336/ed.pdf ( the gpd win and lots of electronics have theese dome switches , but just smaller ones ) .We should find some smaller one , theese are 11mm wide.Then , two small soldered wires should go through the entire shaft and out of the lower encasing ( small drilled hole or maybe there 's some other way of taking the wires out of the encasing ) .I think there is a way to do this with quality , even as a DIY project . Time and some design effort is needed though . If anyone can find smaller dome switches , please provide links , etc.EDIT : Theese are way smaller : https : //es.aliexpress.com/item/50pcs-lot-metal-dome-3-7-3-7-0-35mm-thin-film-touch-switch-4-feet/32807076345.html ? spm=2114.43010208.4.80.C7X0do I do n't know about the feedback though.Also , and I think it would be better , by printing the whole piece with a 3D printer and just using the dome part : and encasing it in a small/shallow hole and putting our own mini PCB or two metal contacts under theese domes , we could reduce the size and make robust clickable shaft replacements with a pass through wiring and good feedback , etc.What do you think ?
The benches cleared for the second time in this weekend 's series between the Orioles and Athletics on Sunday afternoon , and again , third baseman Manny Machado was in the middle of it .
On Friday , Machado took exception to a tag placed on him by A 's third baseman Josh Donaldson .
Your browser does not support iframes .
On Sunday , Machado was nearly hit by a pitch from A 's lefty Fernando Abad . On the next pitch , Machado 's bat went flying down the third baseline . Machado appeared to be motioning that it slipped out of his hands when Oakland catcher Stephen Vogt confronted him .
Your browser does not support iframes .
The benches cleared again after Machado began barking back at Abad , who was also ejected . The typical jogging bullpen pageantry ensued . No punches were thrown , but it does n't seem likely that either side will forget about these incidents for some time . Luckily , they wo n't play each other again until July 18 , so everyone will have a chance to cool off and realize that punching one another in the head is probably a waste of time .
The Washington Post wants to make it easier to call on stringers to report from around the globe , and they 're taking a cue from Silicon Valley . The company debuted The Washington Post Talent Network today , a platform that is part social network and part job board , designed to make the process of hiring and deploying freelancers a lot easier .
The talent network was designed to give all editors at the Post a universal system to identify writers for blogs , breaking news , or long features , across a variety of desks . While editors can post assignments to potential writers , freelancers can also use the system to pitch story ideas of their own to the paper .
Writers who sign up for the network are prompted to create a profile ( or sync their Linkedin account ) to give editors a sense of their skills and interests . Some of the basic features :
— Freelancer profiles , detailing professional experience and expertise and including work samples . Freelancers can import information from LinkedIn to save time and effort . — Story pitching , allowing freelancers to tailor ideas to every department and for individual editorial initiatives , including blogs . — Assignment posting , letting freelancers consider stories we wish to pursue . — Location tracking , ensuring editors know freelancers ' primary work locations , allowing quick deployment for breaking news .
The system was the idea of Post associate editor Anne Kornblut , who developed the network during her time as a John S. Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford . Part of her previous job at the Post involved the tricky task of wrangling freelancers , as Kornblut describes in a video introducing the network . “ It can be really hard to find the right freelancer , especially during breaking news , tracking them down can be very difficult , ” she says .
The network was built by Jeremy Gilbert , the Post 's director of strategic initiatives , and engineers Greg Grieff and Jessica Witmer . Eva Rodriguez , a former Post reporter most recently at Politico , will oversee the network .
I emailed Kornblut to find out more about the development of the talent network . Below she explains how the platform is a departure from their old freelancer system , and what the network owes to companies like TaskRabbit and Uber .
Justin Ellis : How did this idea first come to life ?
Anne Kornblut : When I accepted the Knight Fellowship at Stanford , we cooked up a kind of unusual arrangement : having me work on a project very closely with the Post newsroom ( versus doing independent work , which the fellows have traditionally done ) . Finessing the national desk 's freelance system had been on my to-do list as deputy national editor ; Post executive editor Marty Baron had the idea of making it an even more ambitious project for the whole newsroom . : When I accepted the Knight Fellowship at Stanford , we cooked up a kind of unusual arrangement : having me work on a project very closely with the Post newsroom ( versus doing independent work , which the fellows have traditionally done ) . Finessing the national desk 's freelance system had been on my to-do list as deputy national editor ; Post executive editor Marty Baron had the idea of making it an even more ambitious project for the whole newsroom . After that , it was the dedicated efforts of a fantastic team within the Post — Jeremy Gilbert , Jessica Witmer , and Gregory Grieff — who built the platform , tested it and continue to improve it now .
Ellis : In what ways does the talent network differ from or build off the Post 's current freelancer system ?
Kornblut : In terms of the technology , it is a completely new system , built from the ground up . Prior to this , each desk had its own way of working with freelancers . So , for instance , an editor on the national desk might be looking for a reporter in Reno , Nevada , and not know that someone in Style has one on speed dial . Now , those freelancers will be accessible to all the editors , and also better able to pitch stories across desks .
Ellis : Give me an example of a story or scenario where an editor at the Post would put the network to use .
Kornblut : This part has n't changed . We have always used freelancers for certain kinds of work — stories for the health section , or breaking news — and that will continue . Hopefully the network will make it work more quickly and seamlessly . In Silicon Valley jargon , we want the experience to be “ frictionless . ”
Ellis : How does the freelancer payment system work ?
Kornblut : It 's the same as it has been , but integrated with the new system .
Ellis : This reminds me in some ways of : This reminds me in some ways of TaskRabbit . What ideas did you get from companies or tools that promote talent sharing ?
Kornblut : I did talk to an exec at TaskRabbit , as well as several others in the “ talent-sharing economy ” out here in Silicon Valley , about their workflow and the economics of finding and keeping quality freelancers . Mainly I wanted to get a feel for what is important at the highest levels . They all agreed that the trick is ensuring that freelancers feel part of a community that is doing good work — and that they have enough work to make it worth their while .
Ellis : How does the Post plan to promote the network and grow its pool of freelancers ?
Kornblut : I think what you 're seeing today is the start of that . Eva Rodriguez is a terrific editor returning to the Post today to run the network , and she will recruit and vet applicants .
Piknic Electronik
Sundays , Until September 24 , 2017
Parc Jean Drapeau
DJs from around the world perform for the Sunday crowds who want to bliss out in the sunshine and on into the evening . July DJ headliners include Roman Flugel , Shanti Celeste , Cassy , Chus and Ceballos , Spindeman , Chloe , Adam Husa , the Motor City Drum Ensemble , and Jesse Futerman . Not bad for a way to party your way into Monday . Click HERE for details .
Marché des Possibles
June 23 to August 13 2017
5635 St Dominique
It is n't so much of a festival as a weekend market that combines vendors with food with drink with performances and events run by the POP Montreal crowd . The vibe is local and the offerings always delightful . Some weekends its yoga , some it is music . Info HERE .
Montreal International Jazz Festival
June 28 to July 8 2017
It 's not exclusively jazz but it 's an anything goes kind of event with free programming and paid events that blow people away year after year . The main attractions this year are Kandace Springs , Men Without Hats , Bob Dylan , Aliocha . Wicked . Tickets and schedules HERE .
Mtl en Arts
June 28 to July 2 2017
Multidisciplinary arts festival offers an open air art gallery along St. Catherine St . It has of course grown to include film , installations , live demonstrations , and much more . Details can be found HERE .
Elektra
June 27 to July 9 2017
The international digital art festival showcases artists and works that utilize new technologies . The festival has a Montreal focus , but an international vision . For more information , click HERE .
Canada Day
July 1 2017
Old Port
Sir Wilfrid Laurier is celebrating yet another birthday and the old port is the site of the celebration . While there are many activities , some things to see of note are the swearing in of new Canadians , a 21-cannon salute , and fireworks at 10 p.m. Information HERE .
Montreal Organ Festival
July 1 to July 7 2017
The big organ with plenty of keys and pedals gets a week-long party . Check out concerts throughout the city and enjoy the unique music of the organ in different venues . For more information click HERE .
Carifesta Parade
July 8 2017
St. Catherine St. between Rue du Fort and Phillips Square
Montreal 's St. Catherine Street is the hub of the colourful costume and reggae and dancehall heavy parade of the Caribbean . It 's loud . It 's a serious party . This year promises 7 bands and a lot of feathers and glitter . Information HERE .
L'International des Feux Loto-Québec/Fireworks Festival
Saturdays , 10 p.m. , July 1 to August 5 2017
While Parc Jean-Drapeau is one of the go-to places to see the international fireworks festival , you can also hang out at the Old Port or make your way to the Jacques Cartier Bridge . Each week features a different country — England , Portugal , France , Germany , Poland , and Italy — setting off fireworks to music . Things culminate in a finale with C'est dans le ciel : Serge Fiori and Harmonium . Information HERE .
Festival International de Lanaudière
July 1 to August 6 2017
If you need to get out of Montreal , the Festival de Lanaudière provides the opportunity to listen to orchestral and classical music in Joliette . It 's only about 45 minutes away from the city ( by car ) . Beethoven , Chopin , Rachmanioff are a few enticements . Find out more HERE .
Montréal Complètement Cirque/International Festival of Circus Arts
July 6 – 16 2017
Since we ca n't all just run off to join the circus , we can at least go and watch one . With one of the only circus training schools in the country here in Montreal , we get outstanding performers . Some shows to catch are Vice and Vertu , Tabarnak , Limo , and Entre Nous . There are free shows on St. Denis where you can catch some daring performances on building rooftops , or perhaps try out some circus performance yourself . Details HERE .
Zoofest and Off JFL
July 6 – 30 , 2017
Anytime is a good time to laugh . In order to get the belly muscles ready for all the haha of Just for Laughs , start out with Zoofest and Off JFL . Comedy , theatre , spectacle , and random randomness . Among the things to check out are Kirsten Rasmussen , DeAnne Smith , Lady Fest , Arj Baker , and the Lucas Brothers are just a few . Click here for the schedule .
Festival Musical Independent Diapason
July 6 to 9 , 2017
La Berge des Baigneurs , Sainte-Rose
Laval adds itself to the festival map with its 8th annual Diapason Independent Music festival . This year has a fantastic line up planned : Blood and Glass , Les Deuxluxes , The Sadies , Lydia Kepinski , and more . For information , click HERE .
Montreal Comiccon
Palais de Congres
July 7 – 9 2017
Get your costume out , your wallet out , and attend workshops , panels , and have a blast at the annual Comiccon . Nerds , geeks , trekkies , Buffy buffs , Muggles , Dr. Whosters , and fans of Firefly have reason to go to meet the guests . Among them David Tennant , John Cusack , John Bernthal , Jason Isaacs , Kevin Conroy , James Marsters , and Kevin Eastman . Details HERE .
Dragon Boat Challenge and Cultural Festival
July 8 to 9 2017
2000 athletes from Quebec , the US , Ontario , and the Maritimes come in their boats to compete in the Olympic basin 's annual Dragon Boat Challenge . Competition is fierce as this is part of the “ triple crown circuit , ” a racing event of three events in the Montreal area . There are recreational and competitive teams . Details HERE .
Echoes of a Proud Nation Pow Wow
July 8 to July 9 , 2017
Kahnawake
The Mohawk nation welcomes other nations ( including Canada ) to its territory for its annual pow wow . See magnificent hoop dances , join in the singing and dancing , and make friends . More information can be found HERE .
Hors-Piste
July 9 to July 15 , 2017
Gay Village
Check out circus artists and other kinds of social justice-interactive pieces in the Gay Village . For more information on this event , click HERE .
Nuits d'Afrique
July 11 to July 23 2017
Like the cool cousin to Jazz Fest , Nuits d'Afrique follows on Jazzfest 's heels and brings out more world beat , jazz , afrofunk , and other soulful rhythms to Montreal . Free music is available on the stages , while indoor shows this year include Bandidas , Emel Mathlouthi , Ben l'Oncle Soul , Amadou and Mariam , and Tété . Information HERE .
Just for Laughs/Off-JFL/Zoofest
July 12 to July 31 2017
Comedians from all around the world descend on Montreal venues and clubs in one of the most beloved Montreal festivals . This year , see Jerry Seinfeld , Jud Apatow , Laverne Cox , Ali Wong , Trevor Noah , Mike Birbiglia , David Spade , and more . There are always favorite staples like The Nasty Show , Brit ( ish ) , The Ethnic Show , as well as knew club shows like Nasty Girls . Even a tour of the street festival is usually fun . Check out information about passes HERE .
AIM Electronic Music Festival
July 14 to July 16 2017
WIth over 50 artists in a three-day camping extravaganza , enjoy electronic music the way it was meant to be . Live groups and DJs will keep you moving and the fresh air will keep you awake . Visuals , art installations , and more . For information , click HERE .
Fantasia Film Festival
July 14 to August 2
Fantasia is a chance for horror , fantasy , foreign , comic , and oddball films to air on a big screen before enthusiastic audiences . This international film festival attracts large , dedicated crowds . More information HERE .
Slut Island Festival
July 20 to 30 2017
Queer , trans , gender fluid and others with underrepresented identities are the focus of this DIY music festival . Empowerment is the theme and good music is how this is disseminated . Some of the bands playing are Hua Li , Cousins , Trans Trenderz , and Special Interest . Keep an eye on their Facebook page HERE .
Haiti en Folie
July 24 to July 30 2017
Montreal enjoys a special relationship with the French speaking island . Of course there are arts , theatre , and dancing . This festival also invites performers ( Gaya , Jahfaa , 4MULA , Lakou Mizik , and Synedad ) to the open-air portion of the festival . A theatre piece , Pawoi Chouchoun , a “ spicier ” version of the Vagina Monologues is also part of the festival . For more information click HERE .
Outdoor Cinemas
It seems like every night of the week , there 's a place to catch a free film during the month of July . Here are some worth mentioning :
Sunday Nights
Cinema en Plein Air on Mt Royal . Information HERE .
Film Noir Au Canal . Information HERE .
Monday Nights
Parc des Faubourgs . Schedule HERE .
Place de la Paix . Schedule HERE .
Tuesday Nights
Parc de L'Espoir ( Gay Village ) . Schedule HERE .
Parc du Pélican . Schedule HERE .
Parc Saint Gabriel . Schedule HERE .
Wednesday Nights
Parc Laurier . Schedule HERE .
Square Dézéry . Schedule HERE .
Thursday Nights
NDG Park . Schedule HERE .
Various NDG Parks . Schedule HERE .
Friday Nights
Val David . Schedule HERE .
Waiting for updates :
International Percussion Festival
July 2 – 10
This festival to celebrate things you strike , musically that is , has the cool motto “ Je TAM. ” Head to Verdun to see over 500 artists from around the world perform and teach workshops . There are three different stages to check out . Information HERE .
Kickdrum Summer Marathon d'été
July 13-16
Kickdrum spotlights independent music in independent venues in Montreal . It hosts events throughout the city and has its first ( ? ) annual festival along with CJLO at a few familiar venues : Casa del Popolo , Blanc de Blanc , Bar Le Ritz PDB , and La Vitrola . Among those playing are Jesse Speed , Helena Deland , Year of Glad , and NOBRO . For information , click HERE .
Montreal DJ Festival
July 17-20 , Rue Normanville ( Parc Villeray )
They promise over 25 DJs , along with comedy , arts , events , and BBQ . The DJs are where its at with hip hop , reggae , konpa , soca , dancehall , and top 40 all combined for your sonic moving pleasure . Sounds like fun , right ? To find out more , keep your eye on their facebook page HERE .
Upcoming in August
Osheaga Music and Arts Festival
August 4 to August 6 2017
The music festival that everyone loves to attend takes over Jean Drapeau . We publish an annual survival guide HERE . There is an art fest , food trucks , and best of all… music : Lorde , MGMT , Sampha , The Shins , Liam Gallagher , Crystal Castles , Die Anteworord , Run the Jewels , The Weeknd . Not bad , not bad at all . Information HERE .
Rogers Cup
August 4 to 13 2017 ,
Uniprix Stadium
The annual tennis tournament alternates between men and women 's . This year , the women are in Montreal . While there 's no telling who will play in the event , usually a few of the big names appear . Information HERE .
Montreal Highland Games
August 6 , Doublas Hopsital , Verdun
This summer tradition combines highland dancing , pipe music , with the coolest athletics you will ever see . 56 and 28 pound weight tosses and hammer tosses might sound familiar . The Sheaf Toss entails throwing sheaves of hay . And the highlight : the Caber toss — throwing an 18 foot log . More information HERE .
Montreal Electric Groove ( MEG )
August 31 to Sept 3 , 2017
Get your dance shoes and glowsticks on at the MEG festival . With a line up of bands that bring music electronically , this festival keeps it going all night long at small and large venues like the SAT , Sala Rossa , Divan Orange , and Le Belmont . Check out top performers like Kllason , Douchka , Robert Robert , Ryan Playground , Clement Bazin , CRi , and Guts . For more information click HERE .
Making a movie or a television show is a challenging endeavor under the very best circumstances .
Secret # 2 – Passion
In many respects , passion is the wellspring of the tenacity . Passion gets you out of bed at 4:30 in the morning on the 20th day when you are faced with another 14 hours on the set . Passion gets you back on the horse when your project falls apart at the funding stage , or your dream actor backs out of your project to take another job . Passion toughens up your skin against criticism . Passion connects you to other passionate people .
How do you keep connection with your passion ? The same way you get to Carnegie Hall — Practice , practice , practice . Becoming or staying consistently passionate about your work is both a habit and a skill . Approach developing your passion in a similar way to how you would develop your body . Instead of setting aside time to go to the gym , schedule time throughout the week to get inspired or improve your skills . For example , you could watch one of your favorite movies or read a book about lighting techniques . Call someone in your field that you respect and talk through the ideas that came to you in the shower this morning . The possibilities are vast .
Mark Gordon talked about how he regularly makes big summer blockbuster films like The Day After Tomorrow so that he can pursue passion projects like The Messenger . The former is an effects-driven film with wide appeal that is perfect for a summer blockbuster . The latter is a more intimate , challenging tale that is risky when it comes to making a profit . Harvey Weinstein said that Mark 's balanced approach was one of the things he admired most .
Important related point : Even though critics did n't fall in love with The Day After Tomorrow , Mark said the films environmental message sparked great dialog far and wide about how we can take better care of the planet . That shows that even the most commercial projects can have an impact beyond just money .
This post was written by Deluxis Entertainment founder and CEO Christopher Kaminski . For Secret # 1 , click here . To catch the next secret , please follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
An Atlanta high school principal has resigned after accusations he bullied and threatened teachers into changing failing grades to passing grades .
Former B.E.S.T Academy High School Principal Boris Hurst ordered teachers to inflate students ' grades , berated teachers who questioned him , and issued warning letters to teachers with high failure rates , according to a notice of charges signed by Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Erroll Davis .
The allegations of grade tampering came as APS attempts to recover from a standardized test cheating scandal in which teachers and administrators in 2009 changed students ' wrong answers to right answers . A state investigation accused 178 Atlanta educators of wrongdoing , resulting in most of them losing their jobs .
Hurst had been principal at B.E.S.T. , a northwest Atlanta all-boys school , since it opened in 2010 . The APS charge letter said he “ ignored glaringly inappropriate grade changes ” and allowed almost all of the school 's inaugural freshman class to advance to the next grade level , regardless of whether the students learned the required material .
The principal resigned after the school district 's lawyers presented their case against him at a disciplinary hearing Feb. 21 , APS spokesman Stephen Alford said . The school system removed Hurst from B.E.S.T . in March 2012 , and an interim principal has been running the school since July .
Hurst denied doing anything wrong , and said Wednesday that he resigned to avoid harming his career .
“ There was never any proof that I changed any grades , ” Hurst told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . “ I was just put in a bad situation . … Just because you resigned does n't mean you 're guilty of anything . ”
Hurst 's attorney , Rosalyn Winters , said Wednesday that he resigned because he has accepted a job in Florida .
B.E.S.T . ( Business , Engineering , Science and Technology ) Academy is a 225-student high school that started with a ninth-grade class in the 2010-2011 school year and has added a grade level each year . The school will graduate its first class next year .
The Atlanta school district will monitor B.E.S.T . Academy 's performance , and all school employees are required to take an annual ethics course as a condition of their employment , Alford said .
“ We do pay close attention to schools that have breached an ethical threshold , ” Alford said . “ That means making sure that all of our employees are taking the ethics training class , passing the ethics training class , and providing support to our teachers and community . ”
Interim Principal Gary Cantrell , who was n't at the school when the grade inflation took place , was n't made available for comment . The superintendent had no comment , Alford said .
Parent Margaret McBride said students showed her progress reports filled with zeros and failing grades , and later she saw that their final report cards had passing grades .
“ The kids were seeing that it did n't matter . Whatever they did , they were going to pass anyway , ” said McBride , whose son is a junior . “ My child , in particular , said , ‘ You know Mom , I go to school every day , I do my best , but I look around and the kids who are not even trying are passing , so why should I continue to try ? Why should I continue to study ? ' ”
Teachers told parents they were frustrated by the grade changes , and they complained that it was hard to teach when students knew there were no consequences if they did n't learn , said Valerie Irvin , president of the school 's parent , teacher and student association .
“ It was like he did n't care if they could read or write , they were going to pass , ” said Irvin , the parent of a junior . “ He said , ‘ We 're going to pass them . We 're not going to have a failure rate at B.E.S.T . ' ”
The school district did n't have academic progress data readily available Wednesday , Alford said . Irvin said she believes more students are being given failing grades this school year .
Hurst told teachers that high failure rates were unacceptable , and that grades would be changed if teachers failed more than 25 percent of their students , according to the 32-count charge letter .
“ During faculty meetings , you engaged in such inappropriate conduct as ‘ hopping ' around and saying ‘ these kids are not going to fail … you all are going to have to change these grades … ' or words to that effect . You would also use profanity , point at others , distort your face , and hit on the desk , ” the charge letter said .
Hurst threatened teachers by telling them that their contracts would n't be renewed or they 'd be put in a professional development plan if their failure rates exceeded the 25 percent level , the charges said .
He demanded that teachers and administrators bring students ' failing grades up to at least grades of 70 , which is the minimum passing grade , “ regardless of whether the student could demonstrate mastery , ” according to the charges . During the 2010-2011 school year , the student failure rate in five subjects was less than 2 percent .
In addition , Hurst told clerks to change or “ clean up ” attendance records , the charges said .
The Governor 's Office of Student Achievement 's website says students at B.E.S.T . Academy High School attended school an average of 97 percent of the time in the 2010-2011 school year , compared with a 91 percent average throughout the school district .
Ukrainian soldiers with a humvee stand guard on July 31 , 2014 in the village of Debaltseve , in the Donetsk region ( AFP Photo/Bulent Kilic )
Washington ( AFP ) - The United States will deliver Humvees and drones to Ukraine and hit rebel leaders and their alleged supporters in Russia with further sanctions , after repeated ceasefire violations , officials said Wednesday .
More than $ 75 million worth of `` non-lethal defensive '' equipment will be sent to Kiev , a senior administration official said .
The package will include 30 armored and up to 200 unarmored Humvees , unarmed Raven drones , counter-mortar radars , night vision devices , first aid kits and military ambulances .
The package stops short of providing Ukraine with lethal military assistance , which advocates say would help Kiev repel rebel advances .
`` Increasing arms and lethal aid to the region would only increase bloodshed , '' the White House said earlier this week .
New sanctions targeted officials in the self-proclaimed rebel Donetsk People 's Republic in Ukraine as well as the Russian National Commercial Bank and a nationalist Russian group .
The Russian National Commercial Bank has become the largest bank in Crimea since Russia seized the region from Ukraine one year ago .
Also listed was the Eurasian Youth Union , a nationalist Russian group said to recruit fighters to join the rebels , and three officials of the former Ukraine government of Viktor Yanukovych , the pro-Moscow president overthrown in an uprising in February 2014 .
The sanctions freeze any assets of the individuals and institutions held on US property and ban Americans from doing business with them .
- 'No military resolution ' -
The latest measures were unveiled after US complaints that Moscow has sent `` thousands and thousands '' of troops and `` hundreds of pieces of military equipment '' across the border to Ukraine in support of pro-Russian rebels .
`` While we continue to believe that there is no military resolution to this crisis , Ukraine has the right to defend itself , '' the US official said .
Moscow denies any military involvement in the conflict .
Despite a February 12 agreement to halt hostilities , fighting has occurred in Debaltseve , Donetsk and the southeastern port of Mariupol , killing at least 65 Ukrainian troops .
There has also been an escalation of tensions between Russia and the West .
Moscow has withdrawn from the landmark Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe and the United States has begun to deploy 3,000 troops on a three-month exercise to the Baltic region .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has refused to attend a May 9 Victory Day parade in Moscow but will visit the Russian capital a day later .
The conflict has taken a heavy toll on Ukraine 's economy , with Kiev hoping for IMF approval Wednesday of a $ 17.5 billion aid package needed to pull the country from the brink of bankruptcy .
The conflict has killed over 6,000 people since it began 11 months ago .
A Senate candidate was booed and jeered as he publicly disavowed his support for Donald Trump and asked the Republican nominee to step down on Saturday .
Speaking at a campaign event , Nevada Republican Rep. Joe Heck — who is currently running to replace Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid — said he could no longer support Trump due to the nominee 's past behavior and comments . ( RELATED : Trump Apologizes After Hidden Cam Video Surfaces Of Him Talking Lewd About Women )
“ I can not in good conscience continue to support Donald Trump nor can I vote for Hillary Clinton , ” Heck said to boos .
Heck 's disavowal followed the the leak of particularity lewd comments Trump made about women in 2005 .
“ My wife , my daughters , my mom , my sister , and all women deserve better . All Americans deserve better . Our campaign will move forward and will continue to be based on the principles of the Republican party , the need for conservative leadership , and the requirement that all people treated with respect and dignity , ” Heck continued as one particularly enthusiastic boo-er continued to jeer .
Later in his comments , when Heck formally asked Trump to step down , more boo-er joined in drowning out a smattering of applause .
“ I believe our only option is to formally ask Mr. Trump to step down and to allow Republicans the opportunity to elect someone who will provide us with the strong leadership so desperately needed and one that Americans deserve , ” Heck said .
WATCH :
Heck is one of several Republican officeholders who have formally asked Trump to step aside .
Welcome to the “ new normal ” : A Tennessee substitute teacher has been axed from the Rutherford County Schools after he allegedly wrote on Facebook the day after the presidential election “ The only good Trump supporter is a dead Trump supporter . ”
According to The Tennesseean , the district received complaints about teacher David Colin 's remarks three days ago . District spokesman James Evans said some of the complaints noted Colin posted the comments during work hours .
EAGNews.org reports that on January 16 Colin also allegedly posted the following :
I spent a lot of time today thinking about the state of this mess . There are huge numbers of people that are upset , mad , angry , ( pretty much every negative word ) , but what I have not seen is a plan . Everyone is looking for leadership to start this off , but there is no one carrying the banner . Without that we will all settle in to becoming angry hateful people and there will be no solutions . So , where do we go from here ? Rallies and demonstrations are pretty much futile , since the lunatics just laugh at us knowing we have n't the guts to stand up and take the actions needed . Writing and complaining falls on deaf ears . Not until the first shot is fired will the recovery begin .
NewsChannel5.com notes a month after the election , Colin also purportedly responded to a comment with “ Shooting [ Trump supporters ] sounds more appealing than getting along with them . ”
Colin says he made the comments “ in the aftermath of a divisive election . ”
“ I do n't want this to be about the posts , it 's more about what comes after , using people 's freedom of speech , and trying to use that to browbeat one side against the other , ” Colin said . Asked if he would do everything the same if he had another chance , he said , “ I 'd probably phrase it a little bit differently , but i would still speak out. ” Colin says he would never act out in real life , what he suggested online .
District spokesman Evans said “ Rutherford County Schools contracts with PESG to provide substitute teachers , and the school district has notified the contractor that [ … ] David Colin will not be permitted to work any longer as a substitute in Rutherford County Schools . ”
MORE : Dallas teacher ‘ assassinates ' Donald Trump in class with water pistol
MORE : Substitute teacher threatened to ‘ cut off heads , ' bury students who misbehaved
MORE : Forty-year teacher calling it quits due to suspension for comparing Trump to Hitler
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE : Shutterstock
ST. LOUIS -- St. Louis Blues forward Troy Brouwer 's experience is a microcosm of just how competitive the Stanley Cup playoffs have become .
When he takes the ice on Monday night for the showdown between his Blues and the Chicago Blackhawks , it will be the seventh consecutive playoff series Brouwer has played in that reached seven games .
`` I know a lot about Game 7s , '' said Brouwer , who was a member of the the Blackhawks team that overcame a 3-0 series deficit against the Vancouver Canucks to force a Game 7 in 2011 . He was traded to the Washington Capitals the next season and played in five more Game 7s in three seasons with the Caps .
Just do n't ask Brouwer , who was traded to the Blues last July , how he 's fared in those games . `` Not the greatest record , '' he conceded .
St. Louis forward Troy Brouwer will be playing in his seventh consecutive Game 7 , dating all the way back to Chicago 's series with Vancouver series in 2011 , his last game with the Blackhawks . He 's 2-4 in such games . Dilip Vishwanat/ Getty Images
Yes , Brouwer 's teams have won just two of the previous six games , and he 's had zero points in those games , but he knows what is ahead . He knows how fun , how intense , how pressure-filled Monday night 's game is going to be . He also knows that this game tends to bring out the best in each player . And in a series that has seen ebbs and flows of greatness , with the Blackhawks and Blues each taking turns in that category , it sets up the potential for a classic .
There 's so much on the line for each team , aside from their season potentially ending .
For the Blackhawks , a loss would mean the end to their aspirations of becoming the first team in the salary-cap era to repeat as Stanley Cup champions . It would mean that all the guts they showed in pushing this series to seven games -- including scoring five unanswered goals in a 6-3 win in Game 6 on Saturday to force a winner-take-all finish -- are wiped out .
With the Los Angeles Kings eliminated and the Dallas Stars -- who had to hold off a furious rally by the Minnesota Wild to win their first-round series -- showing signs of vulnerability , the Blackhawks have to see the path ahead through the Western Conference as theirs for the taking . A Game 7 win against the Blues would keep Chicago 's hopes of a fourth Stanley Cup since 2010 alive as well and give the Blackhawks the opportunity to secure their place among the great teams in history ,
`` This is the best time of the season , '' said Chicago defenseman Brent Seabrook . `` We do n't want to go home yet . ''
No , usually this is the time of year where the Blackhawks are just getting started .
As for the Blues , the stakes are just as high . For some of them , perhaps even higher . St. Louis has been knocked out in the opening round in each of the past three seasons , including a 2014 six-game series against the Blackhawks that they led 2-0 .
Given their inability to close out the Blackhawks in the past two games of this series , which they led 3-1 going into Game 5 , the future of so many people closely associated with the team could hang in the balance of just one game .
Blues captain David Backes is an unrestricted free agent after this season , and both sides have indicated they 'd like to make him the rare player who spends his entire NHL career with one team . But another first-round exit would n't reflect well on the captain and the cash it might take to keep him might be money Blues general manager Doug Armstrong wants to spend elsewhere .
The future of coach Ken Hitchcock is just as uncertain . He 's on a one-year contract , and it might be hard to justify bringing him back with another first-round playoff loss , even though no other current coach has a better regular-season winning percentage than Hitchcock has had since taking over behind the bench for the Blues in November 2011 .
On Sunday afternoon , he was asked what this one game might mean to his legacy in St. Louis .
`` I 've coached 40 years . My legacy is what I am , '' Hitchcock said . `` Where I can help is the knowledge that I 've had going through this before . I can really help these guys . ''
Says Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook , 7 , who scored the overtime winner for Chicago in Game 7 against Detroit in 2013 , `` A Game 7 is a Game 7 . It 's do or die every shift . '' AP Photo/Jeff Roberson
Brouwer also tried to help prepare his Blues teammates , who have played in a combined total of eight career Game 7s . That 's one fewer than Chicago forward Marian Hossa has played in by himself .
On Sunday , Brouwer told them what to expect . He told his younger teammates what it 's going to be like at home on the eve of the game , how families will be even more invested in this game than others in the series .
He reminded his teammates that the Blues must maintain their composure at all costs when things do n't go their way at times in Game 7 .
`` We 're going to have some fun with it , '' Brouwer said . `` We 've worked hard to put ourselves in a good spot this year , to hopefully knock off the defending champions in a Game 7 . ''
It 's a pep talk Chicago does n't need . They have the advantage of having been here many times before . The Blackhawks have a comfort-level and experience advantage that St. Louis will have to overcome .
`` When you play in more of them , you get -- comfortable 's not the right word -- but you get not as nervous , I guess , '' said Seabrook , who scored the series-winning goal in overtime of a Game 7 that capped the Hawks ' comeback from a 3-1 series deficit to the Detroit Red Wings in 2013 . `` A Game 7 is a Game 7 . It 's do or die every shift . ''
It 's been pretty much that way since the drop of the puck in Game 1 . Now , a series that seemed destined to get to this point will reach its conclusion .
One of these teams will live on , and in doing so position itself as the new favorite to come out of the West .
`` We 've got to be excited about this challenge , '' Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said . `` We put ourselves in an awful spot a little while ago . [ Now ] we 've put ourselves exactly where we want to be . ''
By , 0
PORTLAND , Ore.  Humanity was dealt a decisive blow by a poker-playing artificial intelligence program called Polaris during the Man-Machine Poker Competition in Las Vegas .
Poker champs fought the AI system to a draw , then won in the first two of four rounds ( each round had Polaris playing 500 hands against two humans , whose points were averaged . ) But in the final two rounds of the match , Polaris beat both human teams , two wins out of four , with one loss and one draw .
IBM 's Deep Blue beat chess champion Gary Kasparov in 1997 . A year later , the University of Alberta 's Computer Poker Research Group began winning hands with early prototypes that eventually became Polaris . A decade later , Polaris 2.0 added poker to the list of machine triumphs .
The key to Polaris ' poker prowess last weekend was a tactical shift in midstream designed to prevent human 's from exploiting perceived weaknesses . Add to that , Polaris learned from experience .
`` There are two really big changes in Polaris over last year , '' said professor Michael Bowling , who supervised graduate students who programmed Polaris . `` First of all , our poker model is much expanded over last year -- its much harder for humans to exploit weaknesses . And secondly , we have added an element of learning , where Polaris identifies which common poker stratagy a human is using and switches its own strategy to counter . This complicated the human players ability to compare notes , since Polaris chose a different strategy to use against each of the humans it played , '' Bowling said .
Nick `` Stoxtrader '' Grudzien lost his round of 500 hands to Polaris , an artificial intelligence program from the University of Alberta .
Before the Las Vegas match , this newest version of Polaris had only played two matches against champion poker players , resulting in one loss and one victory . Polaris repeated the pattern of improving as it learned , falling to humans in the first two rounds , but defeating them in rounds three and four . `` Repeatedly , I heard players exclaim that they had never seen a human do that before , '' said Bowling . `` Switching strategies really threw the humans for a loop . ''
Polaris played against Nick `` Stoxtrader '' Grudzien -- a $ 1 million poker contest winner and founder of a Web site which provides poker-coaching and online play with world champions . Other human champions were coaches on Grudzien 's site .
In the first Man-Machine Poker Competition , two human champions beat Polaris in its last two matches , but Polaris won and played to a draw in the first two . The older version of Polaris did not learn , but the humans did , beating Polaris 1.0 in three of four rounds by exploiting weaknesses .
Polaris 2.0 had learning built into its programming , thereby countering the learning ability of the humans by switching strategies whenever they did .
Even though Polaris beat the humans in Las Vegas , the University of Alberta group said it expects to be asked for rematches by the vanquished pros as well as by other poker experts who will claim the win by Polaris was a fluke . `` Even after Deep Blue beat Kasparov , there were still some skeptics , and I think the same is true here , '' said Bowling . `` Over the next year or so there are going to have to be several rematches before everyone is convinced that humans have been surpassed by machines in poker . ''
Meanwhile , Bowling 's group plans to expand Polaris beyond its current limitations , enabling it to play more complicated poker games than its current heads-up , hold-em version . They also plan to expand efforts to apply the poker-playing algorithms to useful applications .
`` The techniques we are devising have broad applications outside of poker , '' said Bowling . `` For instance , wireless sensor networks are exploring one of our poker-like algorithms to lay out sensors in buildings in a way that yields better understanding of how heat flow patterns affect efficiency . ''
One algorithm , called counter-factual regret , monitored the outcome of hands lost by Polaris and what could have been done to change the outcome . Polaris could then watch for similar circumstances and adjust more effectively .
BioTools Inc. ( Edmonton , Alberta ) has built previous versions of Polaris into a downloadable poker coach called the Poker Academy .
10PM : Find My iPhone App leads police to stolen property from 'hundreds ' of car burglaries
SALT LAKE CITY — The victims of a car burglary were able to turn the tables on the alleged suspects with some basic smartphone technology , and now police believe those suspects may be potentially connected to hundreds of similar burglaries across the Salt Lake Valley .
Taylor Hill and Gentry Phillips attended Tuesday night 's Utah Jazz game against the Houston Rockets and returned to discover that Phillips ' car , parked in a lot near South Temple and 400 West , had a shattered passenger window .
“ I came to my driver 's side and Taylor came on to the other side , and I think we both maybe said some expletives , ” Phillips said .
Hill 's car keys , textbooks and MacBook were missing .
“ I just could n't believe it . You never think it will happen to you , ” Hill said .
Hill still had his iPhone and the Find My iPhone app allowed him to pinpoint his sleeping computer to a location in Taylorsville .
He immediately contacted police .
Unified Police Lt. Brian Lohrke said officers arrived at the address near 4750 S. Meadow Wood Way and began to search .
“ Police were able to locate the ( computer ) that was missing in plain view inside a vehicle , ” he said .
Lohrke said officers then waited for the owners of that vehicle to return , and when they did , they arrested the man and woman later identified as 28-year-old Tyler Angelos and 26-year-old Elisha Wiley .
“ ( Police ) took them in custody , ended up writing a search warrant not only for the vehicles but the residence they came out of , ” Lohrke said .
Tyler Angelos , 28 , and Elisha Wiley , 26 . Photo : Salt Lake County Jail
Investigators said they subsequently uncovered between 250 and 300 purses , bags , mail , laptops and other electronics they believe had been stolen .
“ Right now , we 're looking at hundreds and hundreds of cases involving vehicle burglaries from the Salt Lake Valley , ” Lohrke said .
Lohrke said the investigation was continuing Wednesday and it would likely take some time , along with the process of returning the stolen property to its rightful owners .
Hill and Phillips said they were grateful police were able to get to the bottom of their case swiftly . Hill said he received his laptop back within four hours of the burglary .
“ I did n't expect justice to be that swift , ” Hill said . “ ( Unified ) Police did an excellent job . ”
×
Photos
Flickr user lempkin suing the police over claims that he was violently attacked outside of his own home by cops , who were responding to a 911 call placed by his wife about a gun-wielding man who crashed their daughter 's birthday party .
Larry Jackson contends that the cops mistook him for the perpetrator and beat him with batons , kicked him and doused him with pepper spray because he 's black . He says he may be forced to retire due to a hand injury ( to his shooting hand ) that he sustained during the beating . The Queens district attorney 's office looked into Jackson 's allegations of excessive force by on-duty officers in the 113th precinct , but apparently found no wrongdoing . Jackson filed his lawsuit with the Brooklyn Federal Court .
When the incident first occurred last August , Jackson described the scene as something of a free for all , claiming that cops hit six of his family members and friends with batons , and said `` I 'm shocked , angry and disappointed .. not everyone who lives in the 113th Precinct is a perp . ''
Many people have a bonsai story : a first bonsai , a struggling bonsai . And many of these stories do not end happily , at least for the bonsai .
But the very best bonsai stories are about passion and beauty and transformation .
“ A dewdrop hanging for a split-second — that is bonsai , ” said Julian Velasco , the curator of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden 's bonsai collection and C.V. Starr Bonsai Museum . “ It 's very Zen-like . It 's awesome . ”
For Velasco , who nurtures over 350 bonsai trees at the botanic garden — one of the largest and oldest bonsai collections on public display outside Japan — it all started with a bonsai he purchased as a young man at a street fair in San Francisco .
“ Pretty quickly . . . I knew it would be a lifelong path , ” he said .
Bonsai is horticulture , art , philosophy and even a way of life in the form of a single tree , lovingly pruned and trained to exist in a small pot so that it reflects the majesty of the natural environment , he explained .
“ When you see the Grand Canyon or Yosemite , you are taking in the emotion of the place as much as the visual image , ” and bonsai is about that emotion , he said . It is the haiku of the tree world .
Luckily for beginners , who have not yet attained a level of oneness with their new bonsai , learning to nurture a bonsai has never been easier . Expert help , once found only in Japan or China , is now more readily available at bonsai clubs and shops around the world . The American Bonsai Society lists bonsai clubs across the U.S. and Canada , and Bonsai Clubs International lists clubs worldwide .
“ Most U.S. states now have at least a couple of bonsai societies , and interest seems to be growing , ” said David Bogan of Evansville , Indiana , who is on the board of the American Bonsai Society .
“ About 30 years ago a friend brought a bonsai for me from Hawaii , and I 've been hooked ever since . Now my wife and I have hundreds of bonsai , ” he said . “ Bonsai are a long-term commitment , though , and most take at least a decade to create . Some can hardly go a day without some kind of care . It 's almost like having a pet . ”
Bonsai , Japanese for “ planted in a tray , ” originated in China in around 200 , and the art spread several hundred years later to Japan . The art of bonsai was introduced to the U.S. around the turn of the 20th century , and at least one of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden bonsai is over 200 years old .
Although Velasco said the ultimate goal is to “ open your heart to the tree , ” he has a few more practical tips for novices .
The first is to choose a variety of tree suited to your environment . Bonsai are trees or shrubs , and most varieties should be grown outside , where they require a period of dormancy in winter .
For most people , however , who want to grow their bonsai indoors or keep them outdoors only in warmer months , tropical varieties like the ficus or Australian brush cherry , with its interesting flower and bark , are good choices . Both are sturdy enough to endure a few beginners ' mistakes , do well indoors and can be kept outside so long as temperatures are above 60 F ( 15.5 C ) .
Another good option , particularly for people with access to outdoor growing space , is Chinese elm , which is adaptable and can be grown indoors .
The next step along the continuum of hardiness is junipers . Small varieties of azaleas , which are sturdy with nice leaves and flowers , are also popular among bonsai enthusiasts , Velasco said .
Outdoor bonsai are delicate , however , and need to be protected once temperatures reach 20 F ( minus 6.5 C ) .
“ Most people will bury just the pot part of the bonsai in soil and mulch up against a house or fence to protect it from drying winds . Burying the pot evens out the temperature for the roots so there are no sudden drops or superhard freezes , ” Velasco said .
Another strategy is burying just the pot part of the bonsai under a bench in the winter , and covering the bench with some clear plastic .
In addition to selecting the right variety , beginners need to understand bonsai stress and watering , Velasco said .
“ A lot of times people bring home a bonsai and it drops its leaves and looks unwell . It 's just stressed out . It needs time to adjust , and a little patience , ” he explained .
“ Monitor the water very carefully . Without leaves it wo n't need as much water . Hold off on water until the soil dries out . And little by little , when you hold off on water , buds will start to appear . And as that starts to happen , the need for water will start to increase . ”
Many bonsai growers keep the tip of a chopstick deep in the soil toward the back of the pot as a moisture gauge .
“ If the chopstick is moist you do n't need to water . But you never want the roots in the pot to get completely dry . Water it only when it 's almost dry , ” he said .
Water from the top down and make sure the water drains out the bottom of the pot .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A wind-whipped wildfire raged on Wednesday into a wealthy Southern California neighborhood , destroying at least six homes , threatening hundreds more and scorching a building at a winery owned by billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch .
The so-called Skirball Fire , which erupted early on Wednesday as the latest in a rash of major blazes fueled by hot , dry Santa Ana winds , had burned about 150 acres near large estates in the Bel-Air neighborhood of Los Angeles by nightfall and was only 5 percent contained .
Firefighters battled to save multimillion-dollar homes in the path of the flames , which also forced the closure of the San Diego ( 405 ) Freeway in both directions .
“ We are expecting some extreme wind behavior this evening , ” Los Angeles County Fire Chief Daryl Osby told reporters at an afternoon news conference .
Murdoch 's winery , Moraga Vineyards , was evacuated on Wednesday morning as the fire descended on the grounds , a spokeswoman said . Later a structure on the property was seen on fire as crews worked to extinguish the flames .
“ We believe the winery and house are still intact , ” Murdoch said in a written statement on Twitter . “ We are monitoring the situation as closely as we can and are grateful to the efforts of all the first responders . ”
Murdoch said his thoughts and prayers were with neighbors who “ suffered heavy losses . ”
The new fire also prompted the nearby Getty Center museum to close the doors at its hilltop campus to prevent damage to its world-class art collection .
The Skirball Fire in the area south of scenic Mulholland Drive and north of Sunset Boulevard was just one of several major out-of-control brush fires that have sprung up in Southern California since Monday , when Santa Ana wind conditions set in .
In Ventura , some 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of Los Angeles , more than 1,000 firefighters battled the largest , the Thomas Fire , which has already destroyed more than 150 homes and threatened thousands more .
California Governor Jerry Brown has declared a state of emergency , freeing state funds and resources to assist firefighters . The Federal Emergency Management Agency said it approved grants to help cover the cost of emergency work for the Thomas Fire and two others .
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday his thoughts and prayers were with everyone in the path of the wildfires .
Although no casualties have been reported , the fires have forced mass evacuations , cancellation of classes at dozens of schools and resulted in the loss of power at more than 250,000 homes in Ventura County .
In the San Fernando Valley north of Los Angeles , the Creek Fire destroyed at least 30 homes , blackened more than 11,000 acres and forced the evacuation of 2,500 homes and a convalescent center north of Interstate 210 on Tuesday .
Slideshow ( 18 Images )
Three firefighters were injured and hospitalized in stable condition , the Los Angeles Fire Department said .
The Santa Ana winds , which blow westward from the California desert , were forecast to top out at 70 miles per hour ( 115 km per hour ) on Wednesday and remain strong through the week .
Spread the love
Parkersburg , WV — A disturbing video was submitted to the Free Thought Project this week which shows the courageous actions of one woman , and the cowardly actions of a West Virginia State Trooper .
The incident began after a neighborhood argument escalated to the point of a man calling the police to prevent further turmoil . The homeowner , Cliff , called the police after his neighbor allegedly threatened him . However , when the police showed up , they were more interested in Cliff 's dog than preventing any disturbance .
Randall Hupp , the man who gave us the video , explains that after the cops had arrived , the situation was calm , but then they quickly got out of control .
Things were going fine and my son decided to film for posterity sake in case anything should happen . There were two dogs present in the area at the time of the video , a black dog which was the neighbors dog that was running loose…and Cliffs dog , which was chained up .
Cliff 's dog , which was on a chain , merely barked as the officer walked up to the home . His tail was still wagging , and he seemed to calm down immediately . However , the fact that this dog was on a chain , not growling , nor posing any threat whatsoever , was of no consequence to the state trooper who quickly pulled out his service pistol , took aim , and almost killed the dog .
Before the state trooper could shoot the dog , however , Hupp 's daughter , Tiffanie courageously stepped in between the dog and the officer to prevent the puppycide .
The state trooper , seemingly offended by the woman 's attempt to thwart his dog killing , then proceeded to attack Tiffanie . Hupp explained to the Free Thought Project what happened next ,
The trooper approached with gun in hand , grabbed her by the arm and slammed her to the ground . After the troopers realized that they had been filmed , they entered the home illegally without warrant or probable cause and confiscated all digital devices including my 4-year-old grandson 's tablet . We only recently received the devices back and released the video .
For stopping the trooper from killing her dog and getting slammed to the ground in front of her 4-year-old son , Tiffanie was charged with misdemeanor obstruction .
To add insult to assault , the city is attempting to railroad Tiffanie by forcing her to use their public appointed defender , with obvious conflicts of interest .
Hupp explains ,
The courts appointed her an attorney whom actually is married to a state trooper , and they have denied her request for new legal counsel . We have a hearing set for Thursday 9 am , the 13th of August . We have been informed that we have no legal grounds for a lawsuit , due to lack of physical injury . Although my 4-year-old grandson is now terrified of police , I 'm told at every door , there will be no justice .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup 's annual update on confidence in institutions finds just 12 % of Americans expressing confidence in Congress , the lowest of the 16 institutions tested this year , and the worst rating Gallup has measured for any institution in the 35-year history of this question .
Gallup first asked about confidence in institutions in 1973 , repeating the question biannually through 1983 , and obtaining annual updates since then . This year 's update comes from a June 9-12 Gallup Poll .
In the latest update , Congress ranks just below HMOs , for whom 13 % of Americans express `` a great deal '' or `` quite a lot '' of confidence . Big business , the criminal justice system , organized labor , newspapers , television news , and the presidency all receive relatively low confidence ratings .
In contrast , Americans express the most confidence in the military , as they have each year since 1988 ( with the exception of 1997 , when small business edged it out ) . Small business ranks second in the current poll , just ahead of the police . These are the only three institutions that for whom a majority of Americans express a high degree of confidence .
From 1973 through 1985 , organized religion was the top rated institution . Today , just 48 % of Americans are confident in organized religion , one of its lowest ratings ever . The lowest score for religion to date was 45 % in 2002 at the height of the Catholic Church 's priest sex abuse scandal .
Crisis of Confidence ?
Prior to this year 's 12 % confidence rating for Congress , HMOs had the registered the lowest historical score , of 13 % in 2002 . This rating does not include the 45 % of Americans who now say they have `` some '' confidence in Congress ; a nearly equal proportion -- 41 % -- say they have `` little '' or `` no '' confidence in Congress .
Even though the Supreme Court ( 32 % `` great deal '' or `` quite a lot '' of confidence ) and presidency ( 26 % ) are rated more positively than Congress , all institutions are at or near their lowest ratings to date . The rating for the presidency is just one percentage point above its worst rating of 25 % from 2007 , while the Supreme Court 's rating is its worst .
Government institutions are not alone in experiencing a decline in public confidence . While only one institution ( banks ) has seen a significant decline in confidence over the past year , all have dropped compared with 2004 , the last presidential election year . The three government institutions and banks have had the greatest drops in confidence over that time , while the military and big business have seen the least change .
Long-term changes as above are usually more evident in these confidence measures than year-to-year changes . The current data are no exception -- there has been little change from the 2007 ratings , aside from a 9-point drop in confidence for banks ( from 41 % to 32 % ) . Beyond that , the only other significant changes are modest increases in reported confidence for the police ( 58 % up from 54 % ) and the medical system ( 35 % up from 31 % ) , but both cases mainly reflect a rebound to 2006 levels after experiencing declines in 2007 .
Implications
The poor economy and lack of effective government action on important issues such as gas prices , the Iraq War , and immigration help contribute to the erosion of trust and confidence in government institutions . Earlier this week , Gallup reported historically low job approval ratings for the three branches of the federal government . These confidence in institutions ratings underscore the public 's frustration and signal an electorate that may be hungry for change in Washington come the fall 's elections .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 822 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted June 9-12 , 2008 . For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land-line telephones ( for respondents with a land-line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell-phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback @ gallup.com .
Shop Los Angeles Chargers Apparel from Fanatics.com and show your love for the Bolts . Whether you 're at the stadium or around town , Fanatics stocks authentic Chargers apparel in signature styles so every fan can show their spirit . Our LA Chargers Store will have you suited up in quality Los Angeles Chargers Gear to support your team during the next big game . Showcase your pride in LA Chargers Hats , Chargers Jerseys and classic Chargers Shirts that 'll unite all the Chargers faithful come Sunday . Enhance your Sunday rituals with Chargers Merchandise for your tailgate or man cave from the # 1 Los Angeles Chargers Shop .
Chargers Jerseys & Hats
It 's easy to get amped up for gameday when you surround yourself with Chargers Merchandise pre-game . Show up to the game in official Chargers Sideline Gear like Nike Chargers Coaches Polos and New Era On-Field Hats . The Chargers Pro Shop at Fanatics.com brings fans more than Los Angeles Chargers Apparel to score , so you can revel in getting full coverage of Chargers Gear for your home , office or car . Make the play for a Joey Bosa Jersey , teamed up with our stadium-sized selection of Los Angeles Chargers Clothing for women , men , youth and babies for plenty of ways to wear your Chargers pride on Sunday .
A Muslim woman has filed a lawsuit against Police Chief Robert Luna and the city of Long Beach , alleging that an officer forcibly removed her religious headcovering while she was handcuffed after an arrest on an outstanding warrant .
Press Telegram Designated Terrorist Group CAIR ( Council on American-Islamic Relations ) filed the lawsuit today in Los Angeles federal court on behalf of Kirsty Powell , who alleges that the incident occurred May 5 , 2015 at the Long Beach police station .
According to CAIR , Powell and her husband , Deshawn Smith , who are both African American , were driving home near Market Street and Long Beach Boulevard when they were pulled over by an officer with the Long Beach Police Department .
Powell was arrested on suspicion of having an outstanding warrant , and during the arrest she was told by the officers that she would have to remove her headbag/hijab , according to CAIR , which says Powell made several requests for a female officer to search her .
The political pressure group says officers informed Powell that she was “ not allowed to wear her hijab ” and that they were “ allowed to touch a woman. ” While handcuffed at the police station , the arresting officer forcibly removed Powell 's head covering and forced her to remain exposed overnight , in plain view of other male officers and dozens of inmates , the suit alleges .
At least four female officers were at the station and available to remove Powell 's hijab , which she repeatedly requested , Satar said . One female officer escorted Powell to a holding cell , after her headscarf had been removed , Satar said . “ It 's usually done in private , having them remove it , patting it down so there 's no kind of weapon in there or contraband , ” Satar said . “ Initially , the request was made at the intersection . ”
Satar said Powell had three warrants against her , but two were of mistaken identity , as Powell 's sister “ had a run-in with police ” and allegedly used Powell 's name . According to Satar , the other warrant was for petty theft in 2002 .
Dillon Danis Talks About Facing Joe Lauzon At Metamoris 6
Joe Lauzon has excellent Brazilian Jiu Jitsu skills . But Dillon Danis is amazing .
He is part of Marcelo Garcia 's “ Brown Belt Dream Team ” that destroys the competition at any tournament they attend .
( Photo from Dillon Danis ' Facebook Page )
I have been following his progress since 2013 . This 21 year old Parsippany , New Jersey native is about to become a huge star in the Jiu Jitsu world . He was well known before , but being invited to Metamoris 6 to face UFC crowd favorite veteran Joe Lauzon , gets him worldwide press coverage .
Since he is little known to the world at large , a casual fan might think that this match will easily go to Lauzon because he is an experienced Brown Belt with an abundance of UFC experience . Those fans should think again . Dillon is a 4 stripe Brown Belt under Brazilian Jiu Jitsu legend Marcelo Garcia .
Danis is a Jiu Jitsu purist while Joe Lauzon spends the bulk of his time training MMA , which of course is largely made up of Jiu Jitsu , but training to mix strikes in with grappling takes much time and mental capacity .
( Photo from Dillon Danis ' Facebook Page )
I had a some questions to ask Dillon about this upcoming match-up and he was kind enough to answer :
WBBJJ.com : Danis thanks for talking with us about your upcoming Metamoris 6 bout against MMA veteran Joe Lauzon . So , first things first , how does it feel earning your spot on such an illustrious stage ?
Dillon Danis : It 's surreal . I 'm just a kid with a dream that 's fighting a legend In the UFC someone I admired growing up it just shows in life if you want something you got to go for it .
WBBJJ.com : I do n't know if you are allowed to answer this yet or not , but have you been offered an exclusivity deal with Metamoris as some other fighters have ?
Dillon Danis : I really do n't know what anybody else 's offers are nor would I speak on anyone 's behalf . But my contractual and obligations with Metamoris are personal matters that I professionally prefer to keep private .
WBBJJ.com : Joe Lauzon recently stated that he does not think your match with him will go past the 5 minute mark but it will be a match that the fans will love . He also did n't say who he thought would win . How do you see the fight going ?
Dillon Danis : I think it will be a interesting fight Joe Lauzon has 17 submissions in his pro MMA career which is highly respectably but I will do what I always do , impose my game on him . I do n't know how , but I will have my hand raised .
WBBJJ.com : Will Marcelo Garcia be cornering you ?
Dillon Danis : Marcelo is expecting a child soon . So unfortunately he will not be able to make it but I know he 's there in spirit watching from back home .
WBBJJ.com : Are you taking in any training with some unfamiliar faces ? Or will you be doing all of your training at home with your team ?
Dillon Danis : Basically all my training will be at MG 's but I will be training with some specific old teammates as well as Jim Miller , Jimmy Hettes and Brian McLaughlin .
WBBJJ.com : You are still a young guy with the whole world ahead of you . Any interest in moving to MMA in the future ? Or it 's strictly going to be BJJ for life ?
Dillon Danis : Yes I actually have an itch for MMA I think I will for sure fight one day just I do n't know when I used train a lot of MMA with a lot of high level guys and I think that has made me the fighter I am today .
WBBJJ.com : Alright well thank you very much Dillon . I know you are very busy so I wo n't keep you any longer . Thank you very much for the interview and best of luck on May 9th !
Dillon Danis : Appreciate it , thank you to all that support me , my MG family , my sponsors and my family for the ongoing support !
( Photo from Dillon Danis ' Facebook Page )
Below are some videos that will help you get to know Mr. Danis a bit better !
Be sure to follow Dillon Danis on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram !
Four people were shot and killed Friday night and Saturday morning , and a fifth person who may have been dead for days or weeks was found with gunshot wounds .
In addition to the shootings , a man was stabbed to death on the Southwest Side about 12:45 a.m. Saturday .
At least 11 others were wounded by gunfire in shootings from the Uptown neighborhood on the north to the Chatham neighborhood on the south , police said .
The sixth homicide of the night -- a 29-year-old man found dead inside his car about 2:37 a.m. with a gunshot wound to the head -- drew a crowd from the neighboring Wentworth Gardens apartment complex at 37th and Wells streets , a block south of U.S. Cellular Field .
At one point , cars from the Englewood police district , whose northern border is 18 blocks south of the scene , came north to assist with crime scene security . At least 14 cars , most marked , sat near the crime scene early Saturday morning .
A spokesman for the Cook County medical examiner 's office identified the victim as Walter Pate , of the 13900 block of South Dearborn Street in Riverdale . A cousin at the scene said he lived in the Wentworth Gardens housing complex .
Another man was found shot to death about 11:20 p.m. in the 6100 block of South Morgan Street in the Englewood neighborhood , and one man died of gunshot wounds in the Uptown neighborhood after he and two others were shot about 9:27 p.m .
The violence began Friday night with a pair of shootings on the South Side that left five people wounded and one dead . At least two of the five survivors are still in critical condition , police said .
A man was also found dead from gunshot wounds in the 8300 block of South Dobson Avenue in the East Chatham neighborhood . He may have been there for days or weeks , authorities said . He was identified by the Cook County medical examiner 's office as Timothy E. Kinds , 32 , of the 1100 block of East 81st Street .
According to police , Kinds had been squatting at the Dobson location and was found by an acquaintance who owned the building .
In other shootings :
A 16-year-old girl was grazed in the chest about 7 p.m. Friday near the intersection of Roosevelt Road and Wood Street in the Illinois Medical District , Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said . Someone drove her to Loretto Hospital on the West Side , police said .
A 14-year-old boy was shot in the leg about 7:58 p.m. in the 4300 block of South Calumet Avenue in the Bronzeville neighborhood . He was standing on the block when someone inside a passing blue vehicle opened fire , police said .
A man was shot in the leg and treated for the gunshot wound at Swedish Covenant Hospital , police said . Someone shot him about 9:30 p.m. in the 2900 block of North Woodard Street in the Logan Square neighborhood . He is 23 , Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Laura Kubiak said .
Another man , 30 , was shot about 4:10 a.m. in the 1500 block of North Springfield Avenue in the Humboldt Park neighborhood . He was taken to John H. Stroger , Jr. Hospital of Cook County , News Affairs Officer John Mirabelli said .
pnickeas @ tribune.com
Twitter : @ peternickeas
Lukashenko : Belarus committed to OSCE basic principles
Alexander Lukashenko and Christine Muttonen
MINSK , 16 March ( BelTA ) – Belarus is committed to the OSCE basic principles , Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko said as he met with President of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly Christine Muttonen on 16 March , BelTA has learned .
“ Your visit is very important for us . We thank you for the trust placed in Belarus and the opportunity to host the Parliamentary Assembly session . Indeed , we need to discuss many issues . I would like to say honestly and openly that we will do our best to organize the best OSCE PA session in history . We want it to demonstrate that Belarus is committed to the basic principles of work of the OSCE , ” the head of state said .
“ We will demonstrate this to the whole world , first of all , to the MPs , representatives of other countries included in this organization . We will show once again that the prejudiced opinions that existed and still exist in the West are groundless . We will also show that Belarus is a European country . Human rights , the rule of law and democracy are as important here as in other European states , including in the European Union , ” Alexander Lukashenko stressed .
He assured that the decision to host the annual session of the OSCE PA in Belarus was the right one . “ The situation in Belarus is relatively calm against the backdrop of the events happening in the world . I promise to you that the situation will be the same in the run-up to the event , during and after it , ” the Belarusian leader added .
Christine Muttonen , for her part , remarked that the forthcoming OSCE PA session is very important and plays a big role in the development of ties between nations . “ We had very productive talks yesterday . I am sure that all necessary things have been already done and will be done to ensure that this session is a success , ” she said .
The decision to hold the 26th annual session of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly in Minsk on 5-9 July 2017 was made at the 25th annual session of the OSCE PA . The national organizing committee for the 26th annual session of the OSCE PA involving the heads of government bodies and other organizations has been established in Belarus .
The general topic of the 26th annual session of the OSCE PA - strengthening mutual trust and cooperation for peace and prosperity in the OSCE region – has been agreed with the OSCE PA International Secretariat .
Two senators are pushing a robocaller to explain how he ran his operation , which was subject to the largest-ever fine handed down on the matter by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
In June , the FCC fined Abramovich $ 122 million for his robocall company , which allegedly conducted almost 100 million illegal automated calls attempting to lure individuals into buying vacation packages and timeshares .
To whom Abramovich directed the calls is unclear , but robocall scams often target vulnerable groups like the elderly who may not be aware of what they 're agreeing to . The FCC said Abramovich 's calls were uniquely problematic because they “ disrupted the operations of an emergency medical paging provider . ”
In Thune and Moran 's letter , they pressed Abramovich to explain how he started making robocalls , a record of all robocalls his business made and relationships he or his businesses had with third-party contractors .
Thune suggested that the FCC 's actions on the matter may help him and other lawmakers in taking action against robocallers in the future .
“ For lawmakers , the FCC 's identification of an alleged spoofing mastermind offers the opportunity to learn specific information about operations , partners , and the business model , which may provide valuable insight for future legislation , ” Thune said .
— Harper Neidig contributed to this report .
CLOSE Temperatures climb well over 100 degrees as this becomes the hottest week of the summer . Heat advisories have been issued in 14 states thus far .
Satine Levan , 13 , of Schuylkill Haven , Pa. , cools off at a pool in Pottsville , Pa. , on July 6 , 2016 . A potent heat wave will send folks to the pool again this week across the country . ( Photo : Jacqueline Dormer , AP )
Temperatures over 100 degrees and brutally high humidity will combine to deliver a potentially dangerous heat wave to much of the central and southern U.S. this week .
`` This may be one of the worst heat waves in the last few decades , '' the National Weather Service warned .
Some 130 million Americans will endure heat indexes of at least 100 degrees , according to the Weather Channel
The intense heat will spread into the mid-Atlantic and Northeast by next weekend . Only the Northwest will not feel the full effects of the heat wave .
Days of dangerous triple-digit heat will unfold over the central US this week : https : //t.co/H0cw9uKnlBpic.twitter.com/dRjlrgiO10 — AccuWeather.com ( @ breakingweather ) July 18 , 2016
This will be the hottest weather so far this summer in the central U.S. , AccuWeather said . Heat advisories and warnings have been posted in 16 states in the central and southern U.S. , the weather service said .
Cities such as Dallas , Chicago , Oklahoma City , Kansas City , St. Louis and Des Moines are all in the zone of extreme heat . Some daily record high temperatures are possible in a few locations , but no all-time records seem likely .
Milwaukee , Chicago , Detroit and Toledo could see 100-degree temperatures on Friday , WeatherBell meteorologist Ryan Maue said .
The heat index — which factors in both temperatures and humidity — could approach 120 degrees in some spots .
Dangerous heat index values to approach 110 degrees in the Midwest this week : https : //t.co/cRlt5LBNlVpic.twitter.com/h6lOeDQNz4 — The Weather Channel ( @ weatherchannel ) July 18 , 2016
`` This type of heat can cause heat stroke if you do n't take precautions , so be sure to drink plenty of water and if possible avoid being out in the sun between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. , '' according to WeatherBug meteorologist Andrew Rosenthal .
`` More people die each year from heat than cold waves , lightning , tornadoes , hurricanes or floods , '' AccuWeather meteorologist Alex Sosnowski said .
The heat is due to a massive dome of high pressure that 's predicted to camp out over the Plains and Midwest for much of the week , weather.com said . High pressure causes air to sink , preventing clouds and rain from forming .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2a4SORX
Dancing Penguin Background information Video games Club Penguin Character information Appearance Brown
Wear glasses Occupation Secret Mission Subplot or Side-Mission Alignment Neutral Goal To dance Allies Dot the Disguise Gal , two unnamed penguins , Keeper of the Boiler Room ( possibly ) Source
Involvement in Missions
Mission 1 - His telescope breaks , he cries and it gets fixed by a secret agent from the P.S.A .
Mission 3 - He cries and tells a secret agent that the power in the Dance Club has gone out .
Mission 4 - He cries because he wants to ride the Ski Lift , but it 's broken .
Mission 7 - At the Ski Village , his snowman breaks and he cries about it , and he finds out the best snow in Club Penguin is at the Snow Forts .
Mission 11 - He breaks his glasses when he sat on them and cries about it , and when you fix them he says he will tell all of his friends about you and then Dot the Disguise Gal sends you the present saying you helped one of her friends .
is a cheerful brown penguin . He likes to dance ( hence his name ) , owns a portable telescope , and likes riding on the Ski Lift . He appears in most Secret Missions and he gives players a thank-you card at the end of Mission 3 , as an optional reward . The main reason in why he usually appears in Secret Missions is usually as a `` side-mission '' or `` subplot '' , like having to fix his telescope or unjam the Ski Lift . As of the mission called The Veggie Villain , he currently needs glasses to see .
Oddly enough , he cries in every mission he appears in , and it 's because of something that broke . Some penguins believe everything breaks because he has `` Bad luck '' all the time .
Involvement in The Elite Penguin Force Missions
Migration + FÖLJ
Ardian , 20 , fick heltidsjobb – nu ska han utvisas
avJonna Claesson
NYHETER 3 augusti 2017 20:42
Ardian Xhibo , 20 , kom till Sverige från Kosovo 2011 . Sedan dess har han tagit studenten , träffat kärleken i sitt liv och arbetat som pedagog i skolor . Nu ska han utvisas – för att han fick en ny tjänst .
– Det är här jag vill stanna , det är här jag har mina vänner , min flickvän och min familj , säger han .
Foto : Privat Ardian Xhibo , 20 , fick heltidsjobb – utvisas till Kosovo
För att få arbetstillstånd i Sverige måste man ha arbetat åt samma arbetsgivare i fyra månader från den dagen man skickar in sin ansökan till myndigheten .
– Samma arbetsgivare ska också erbjuda samma tjänst minst tolv månader framåt , säger Lisa Danling , presstalesperson på Migrationsverket .
När Ardian Xhibo , 20 , skickade in sin ansökan om arbetstillstånd till Migrationsverket i slutet av 2016 , hade han varit anställd hos samma arbetsgivare i 1,5 år som skolpedagog och uppfyllde alla Migrationsverkets krav för att få stanna i Sverige . Tjänsten Ardian hade då finansierades av två olika arbetsgivare . I januari tackade han ja till en bättre betald heltidstjänst och den ena arbetsgivaren tog över hela kostnaden . Detta stred mot Migrationsverkets regler , enligt myndigheten . Nu ska han utvisas till Kosovo – efter sex år i Sverige .
– Jag arbetar inom samma bransch , det är bara det att jag tackade ja till en heltidstjänst och en bättre lön . Innan var det deltid . Vem som helst hade väl tackat ja till det , säger han .
Ardian och hans syskon kom till Sverige från Kosovo med anknytning av deras mamma 2011 . När mammans uppehållstillstånd inte förlängdes föll även barnens ansökningar . Sedan dess har familjen Xhibo kämpat för att få stanna i Sverige , först genom asyl och nu arbetstillstånd .
” Jag hade två dagar på mig ”
För två månader sedan fick Ardian sitt första avslag . Innan det skriftliga beslutet nådde honom ringde Migrationsverket och sa att han hade två dagar på sig att packa ihop .
– De sa att jag hade två dagar på mig att packa ihop sakerna innan ett plan skulle ta mig till Kosovo . Jag fick panik och ringde till min advokat som berättade att jag kunde överklaga . Hade jag inte vetat om mina rättigheter hade jag suttit på det planet , säger han och fortsätter :
– Jag har kämpat för att integrera mig i det här landet . Jag jobbar med Idrott utan gränser i segregerade områden för att stärka barns framtidstro . Varför ska jag inte få stanna ? Jag är inte den killen som står still i livet i flera år , om det nu är det de begär av mig .
Efter sex år i Sverige har Ardian inte längre något kontaktnät i Kosovo .
– Jag känner ingen där längre . Jag har inga vänner . Jag har stor respekt för mitt arbete i Sverige och det är här jag vill stanna , det är här jag har mina vänner , min flickvän och min familj , säger han .
” Tio procents chans ”
Beslutet om att utvisa Ardian har prövats i migrationsdomstolen .
” Även med beaktande av det som Ardian Xhibo nu har anfört och åberopat angående föreningarnas samarbete och finansieringslösning bedömer domstolen att han inte kan anses ha varit anställd hos en och samma arbetsgivare under den tidsperiod som nu är i fråga . Ardian Xhibo kan därför inte beviljas ett uppehålls-och arbetstillstånd med stöd av 5 kap . 15 a § och 6 kap . 2 § utlänningslagen . Vad han har anfört om att han kom till Sverige med sin mamma och övriga familj redan 2011 och att han är skötsam och en tillgång för de aktuella föreningarna kan inte medföra någon annan bedömning ” , står det i domen .
Foto : Migrationsdomstolens beslut Ardian har fått avslag på sin ansökan om arbetstillstånd .
Nu tänker han överklaga igen .
– Vi kommer överklaga inom tre veckor men det är väldigt låg chans att jag får stanna . Jag tror inte ens att det är tio procent , säger han och fortsätter :
– Det här har påverkat mig negativt . Mycket mörka tankar . Jag försöker hålla humöret uppe , men att skicka ut mig på grund av att jag har tagit ett bättre jobb . Det gör ont .
” Det är kapitalförstöring ”
Ardians Advokat Mathias Hjertén hoppas på att man i överklagan kan väga in att den första arbetsgivaren är den som väglett honom i sitt nuvarande arbete .
– Ardian kom till Sverige på grund av anknytning , när den senare gick ut kämpade han för att hitta ett arbete och stanna i Sverige . Han är en kille som kämpat extra mycket och fått ett ytterligare jobb för sin prestation . Vi hoppas att Migrationsöverdomstolen kan se det i ett större perspektiv , säger han och fortsätter :
– Att en arbetsför ungdom ska behöva lämna Sverige är bara kapitalförstöring och förstöring av Ardians tid .
3 augusti 2017 20:42
The first trailer for Star Wars Episode VIII : The Last Jedi is blazing across the internet , and with good reason : We finally get to hear Luke Skywalker speak again after all these years . While I 'm of a mind that this should be The Last Trailer for The Last Jedi ( seriously , Disney , we do n't need any more spoilers ! ) I 'm glad we got at least this one , if only because we learn something interesting about the Last Jedi himself .
Luke wants the Jedi to end . His last line in the trailer is , `` I only know one truth : It 's time for the Jedi to end . '' You could dismiss this as clever marketing , but I have a hunch it 's actually pretty integral to the new film .
The title of the movie has been , until now , somewhat cryptic . Who is the Last Jedi ? Is it Luke ? After all , Yoda tells him on his death bed : `` Luke . When gone I am . The last of the Jedi will you be . '' We know that Luke 's attempts to train new Jedi were thwarted by his nephew , Kylo Ren , implying that only Luke remains a true Jedi Knight . Then again , the title could also refer to Rey , who we assume will become Luke 's pupil in Episode VIII . ( This trailer certainly backs up that relationship . ) But Rey-as-Jedi seems less likely now that Luke appears firmly opposed to his old order now .
And why should n't he be ? The Jedi are n't all they 're cracked out to be , after all . In the original trilogy the Jedi seemed noble enough , though they were as much myth as anything else . Obi-Wan Kenobi is old and noble , but he dies early on . Yoda is as puckish as he is wise , but he passes on as well , as does Anakin , in one last fit of decency . These glimpses at the Jedi ( or former Jedi ) are all relatively positive .
But the prequel films paint a different picture , and I do n't mean just that in terms of the lurid , gaudy CGI . The Jedi of the prequel films are rigid fanatics who take children from their homes to train as child soldiers . The Jedi of the prequel films in many ways drive Anakin to his ultimate betrayal . That the films were poorly made does n't change the fact that at the very least they muddied the waters between the light and dark side of the Force , and called to question the notion of balance .
The Force Awakens takes this further , as we begin to wonder just what that means . What does it take to actually balance the light and dark sides of the Force ? Surely it ca n't mean the light triumphs over the dark completely . Where 's the balance in that ? But the tendencies of the Sith , of the Knights of Ren , of all these dark Force users is domination , and that also ca n't be if balance is to be achieved . So what then ?
We assume the answer lies in the Jedi , but why should the Jedi have a monopoly on the `` good '' side of this equation ? If nothing else , the prequels illustrated quite clearly what a total failure the Jedi were , and how easily they were unseated by the Emperor and Darth Vader , chased and scattered across the galaxy , hunted and slain until only a few remained in hiding on Tatooine and Degobah .
The Jedi Order was not meant to survive , and there 's little reason Luke should want to bring it back . I do n't think he 's arguing for the dark side here , either . I do n't think Luke has gone over to the enemy or changed to become some evil , selfish maniac . Rather , I think he 's simply the result of a Jedi Knight who was never truly indoctrinated .
When Qui-Gon Jinn first brings Anakin to train as a Jedi , his peers on the Council are deeply skeptical . Anakin , though only a young boy , is still much too old they tell him , only grudgingly relenting . The only conceivable reason such a young child would be considered too old to begin his training as a warrior monk is that at that age he 'd be less impressionable and easily indoctrinated . In many ways , the Council was right . Anakin was never a true believer , always hell bent on breaking the rules , and ultimately betraying the other Jedi .
Luke was much older than his father when he began his own training , and his training was far different from those who came before . He trained with Yoda in secret , far away from even the memory of the Jedi as an organization . By this time , Yoda had softened significantly when it came to rules and orthodoxy , and one imagines that much of Luke 's training focused on just the bare minimum . Desperate times call for desperate measures , as they say . Not only would Luke be far less impressionable than a five-year-old , Yoda was far less likely to bombard him with orthodoxy . Luke was a Jedi Knight , but he was a very different kind of Jedi Knight , by the time of Return of the Jedi .
Thirty years later , who knows how Luke has grown and changed , and what he 's discovered about the Jedi 's checkered past . Who knows what he 's learned of his father and his father 's betrayal . Certainly he 's formed deeply held beliefs about the Force and its previous stewards , and it looks to me as though he 's found a Third Way . It 's time for the Jedi to end , he says , but that does n't mean it 's not time for something new and better to begin .
If you ca n't tell I 'm pretty excited to see what that is , and how Rey fits into everything , and what role Kylo Ren will yet play in balancing the Force . Not everything is as it seems .
What do you think ?
Fun Trivia : `` I have a bad feeling about this '' or `` I have a very bad feeling about this '' is uttered in every single Star Wars movie . One wonders what will spark the phrase in The Last Jedi ...
Advantages of Hiking and Camping in the Winter
For those of you living far north or south of the equator , you know just how bitter cold the winters can get . This cold and other challenges you may face during the winter deter a lot of people from being outside for anything but run between their car and a building . So let 's take a look at some of the top reasons to head outside when the mercury drops low .
1 . No bugs- leave that DEET and mosquito netting at home . You can finally walk in peace without swatting at buzzing black dots , and go to bed at night without itchy welts
2 . Comfort- if it 's hot out , you can only take off so many clothes before it becomes illegal . But there are no laws defining the amount of layers you can put on
3 . Solitude- if this is what you 're after , there is no better time to find it then the winter . Like I said above , most people do n't care to go for a tromp through the woods when it 's cold enough for the white stuff to stick around
4 . Higher visibility- the trees have lost their leaves , so if your favorite hiking spot happens to be overgrown with green in the summer , you will he is able to see better and further in the winter . You may even discover some new things you had n't noticed before
5 . New activities- there are so many things you can do in the winter that just are n't possible in the summer . Throw a pair of snowshoes on , hit the ski slopes , or outfit your bike with some new snow tires and go explore
6 . More access- if you 're really into exploring , keep in mind lakes and streams will be frozen . That means some of them will be crossable , opening new routes and more places to explore . Watch for animal tracks to- they are easier to spot and follow in the snow , and may lead you to something cool
7 . Sleeping weather- if you 're into the overnight camping , the cold air makes for very comfortable and refreshing nights . Provided you have a warm sleeping bag , of course
8 . Under the stars- its much easier to get a true “ under the stars ” experience in the winter . The ground is n't wet , and any precipitation coming down will be snow . If you have a proper sleeping bag , the snow will stay frozen on top until you shake it off in the morning . just be sure to protect yourself from the bitter winds
9 . Hot coca- c'mon guys , who does n't like sitting down to a cup of hot chocolate after an evening of being outdoors
-The Urban Outdoorsman
Follow-on Twitter
Advertisements
THE W-League will take baby steps towards professionalism this season , with a new pay deal confirming that all players are recompensed for the first time . Australia 's national women 's soccer league has been criticised for using amateur players without paying them .
In an era of growing prominence and respect for women 's sport , it was an untenable position and will end in the 2016/17 competition , which starts in a fortnight .
Amateur players will now receive an allowance in line with male National Youth League ( NYL ) and state competitions - between $ 60 and $ 150 a week . Professional Footballers Australia ( PFA ) chief John Didulica said the move was n't going to turn national league players into professionals overnight , but it was something .
“ Symbolically it 's important to recognise the sacrifices W-League players make , so the small step forward of having a safety net on par with NYL players is a move in the right direction , ” he said .
Melbourne City players celebrate scoring against Sydney FC in last season 's W-League grand final . Source : News Corp Australia
“ The big challenge for the sport is to build a cohesive and expanded professional pathway that will enable international success and the W-League to be the jewel in the crown of women 's sport. ” League bosses and PFA will attempt to do just that in the coming weeks , when they begin broad-ranging talks on growing and strengthening the competition . Improved pay is seen as crucial to continuing the success of the national team , the Matildas , by ensuring a strong talent pool of players available for selection .
Cricket and netball have vastly improved wages to their female athletes in recent months , with the forthcoming AFL women 's league bringing more competition for elite talent .
W-League clubs have been heavily encouraged by head office to spend more of their salary allowance - set at a minimum of $ 35,000 and a maximum of $ 150,000 - on players .
By comparison , A-League clubs are obliged to spend at least $ 2.34 million on their squads - 67 times more than their female counterparts . Melbourne City and Canberra United are the only two W-League clubs which hit or near the maximum spend .
Two-time champions Brisbane Roar drew ire for offering their players improved deals for this season - then flirted with a 40 per cent reduction - only to honour their wage rises .
The league kicks off on November 5 when Brisbane Roar host Sydney FC .
Review : Stars , 'There Is No Love In Fluorescent Light '
Note : NPR 's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released . However , you can still listen with the Spotify or Apple Music playlist at the bottom of the page .
Since 2000 , Stars ' music has cycled through many styles and sounds , from orchestral pop to hyperactive dance-floor numbers . But a clear vision has always remained at its core : The Montreal band writes about love that 's been compromised or curdled or otherwise scuffed-up in the living of lives . An undercurrent of political outrage seeps to the fore every now and then , but the meat of Stars ' music lies in the thorny interpersonal entanglements of lovers who strive — to forget , to remember , to engage and disengage .
The title of Stars ' new album , There Is No Love in Fluorescent Light , references the idea — embraced in the deliriously catchy `` Fluorescent Light '' — that connections wilt when they 're not taken outside and fed a bit of adventure . It forms a useful mission statement , especially when set against songs in which Amy Millan and Torquil Campbell take turns giving voice to unmet expectations ( `` Privilege '' ) , paranoia ( `` Losing You '' ) , reclusion ( `` Alone '' ) , a need to flee the past ( `` California , I Love That Name '' ) , and so on .
It 's meaningful that all that darkness and conflict is packaged with a title that celebrates risk and resiliency . Stars ' members have spent the past 17 years ruminating on the many and varied ways our hearts can get kicked around , but their songs still beg us to head back outside for more .
The two authors heavily tipped to take this year 's most coveted and dreaded literary prize have failed to make the shortlist . Neither JK Rowling , for her first adult novel , nor EL James for her Fifty Shades trilogy , will be adding the bad sex trophy to their mantelpieces .
Jonathan Beckman , senior editor at the Literary Review , which organises the annual award , said nominations had poured in for Rowling 's The Casual Vacancy . However , after ardent discussions about the book , the judges concluded she failed to meet the criteria . Despite `` a couple of queasy moments '' , as Beckman termed it , her writing is not nearly bad enough .
The bad sex prize was established `` to draw attention to the crude and often perfunctory use of redundant passages of sexual description in the modern novel – and to discourage it '' .
`` The passionate debate in the Literary Review offices never stops , '' Beckman said . `` There was much discussion this year about whether certain books , which superficially appeared eligible , actually contained writing about sex that was bad enough for them to be shortlisted . ''
The other notable absentee is James ' Fifty Shades trilogy , the books which brought mummy-porn out of the e-readers and on to the best-seller shelves in every high street bookshop .
Beckman said the trilogy did not qualify `` because the prize 's rubric explicitly excludes pornographic and erotic literature '' . He added : `` I do n't think she needs any more publicity , does she ? ''
The full shortlist is : Tom Wolfe , nominated for the second time for Back to Blood , The Yips by Nicola Barker , The Adventuress by Nicholas Coleridge , Infrared by Nancy Huston , Rare Earth by Paul Mason , Noughties by Ben Masters , The Quiddity of Will Self by Sam Mills – a particularly worthy nomination , since Self 's own fiction has been shortlisted on three occasions– and The Divine Comedy by Craig Raine . Coleridge and Raine are also repeat offenders .
The winner will be announced at a lavish ceremony in London next month – and it is considered a badge of courage for the authors to attend to receive it in person .
Extracts from the shortlisted novels
• The Quiddity of Wilf Self , by Sam Mills Down , down , on to the eschatological bed . Pages chafed me ; my blood wept onto them . My cheek nestled against the scratch of paper . My cock was barely a ghost , but I did not suffer panic .
• Noughties , by Ben Masters We got up from the chair and she led me to her elfin grot , getting amonst the pillows and cool sheets . We trawled each other 's bodies for every inch of history .
• Back to Blood , by Tom Wolfe Now his big generative jockey was inside her pelvic saddle , riding , riding , riding , and she was eagerly swallowing it swallowing it with the saddle 's own lips and maw — all this without a word .
• Rare Earth by Paul Mason He began thrusting wildly in the general direction of her chrysanthemum , but missing — his paunchy frame shuddering with the efford of remaining rigid and upside down .
• The Yips by Nicola Barker She smells of almonds , like a plump Bakewell pudding ; and he is the spoon , the whipped cream , the helpless dollop of warm custard .
• Infrared by Nancy Huston This is when I take my picture , from deep inside the loving . The Canon is part of my body . I myself am the ultrasensitive film — capturing invisible reality , capturing heat .
• The Divine Comedy by Craig Raine And he came . Like a wubbering springboard . His ejaculate jumped the length of her arm . Eight diminishing gouts . The first too high for her to lick . Right on the shoulder .
• The Adventuress : The Irresistible Rise of Miss Cath Fox by Nicholas Coleridge In seconds the duke had lowered his trousers and boxers and positioned himself across a leather steamer trunk , emblazoned with the royal arms of Hohenzollern Castle . 'Give me no quarter , ' he commanded . 'Lay it on with all your might . '
When center fielder Lorenzo Cain and the rest of the Kansas City Royals arrive at Minute Maid Park for the Astros ' home opener on April 11 , 2016 , Tal 's Hill will be on hand to greet them .
The Astros said Thursday they have suspended their planned $ 15 million renovation of center field and the seating areas and concourses behind center field , which was scheduled to be in place for next season .
All those plans remain in play for 2017 and beyond , said Reid Ryan , the Astros ' president for business operations . But as the Astros closed their season with a surprise playoff push , it became clear that work could not be completed in time for the 2016 opener .
“ We 're under nobody 's time frame but our own , and we felt it as better to put this off a year rather than try to push a position that might put us on risk of opening day , ” Ryan said .
He added , “ I do n't think the vision has changed , just the time frame . ”
The Astros announced in June they would remove Tal 's Hill , the 30-degree center field incline named for former club president Tal Smith that includes a flagpole in the field of play , and move the center field fence from 436 feet , the deepest in Major League Baseball , to 409 feet .
By scrapping the hill and moving in the fence , the Astros planned an elaborate redesign that included a 92-foot-tall observation tower/elevator , a field-level club section , mezzanine seats and a redesigned concourse with bars , concessions and stores .
The Astros played their last regular-season home game Sept. 27 , but the team 's advance into the American League Division Series , with home games last Sunday and Monday , cut deeply into the construction schedule .
Club officials also announced plans last week to host an international cricket match at the ballpark on Nov. 11 .
“ We knew we were going to have to start work probably while the baseball season was still going on , ” Ryan said . “ Getting into the bidding process and fully vetting everything , taking something from a piece of paper … it was just more detail than we thought we could get done . ”
Should the Astros continue as playoff contenders next year , Ryan said the ballclub will be better prepared to cope with schedule changes . One suggestion , he said , is to work during the 2016 season on projects that are not “ field facing ” while games continue .
One possibility , he said , is that renovations could be completed in two off seasons rather than one .
“ Our plans are to put in what we designed and rolled out , but the first thing we have to do is to be able to have a scope and a plan that we can deliver , ” Ryan said . “ If we ca n't deliver it , then it does n't matter what our model looks like . ”
While the big project has been put on hold , Ryan said the Astros will work during the fall and winter on renovations to suites and to upper deck levels . Also on the drawing board are more points of sale , additional restrooms and a team hall of fame .
Parking also remains an issue surrounding the ballpark as development continues on the east side of downtown Houston . A new parking garage around the George R. Brown Convention Center will help , but a future freeway rerouting project will complicate mattes further .
“ We 're going to figure out how people access this facility and what is happening around the ballprk , ” Ryan said . “ Just about the time we think our patterns will change traffic-wise with this gate and that gate , something else pops up . ”
As for Tal 's Hill , that will pop up , too , for Cain and the Royals , who ousted the Astros from the playoffs and will be first on the 2016 home schedule .
“ I fell on it before , ” Cain said Monday , laughing . “ I heard they 're going to remove it and whatnot . We 'll see what happens next year . ”
Click through the gallery above to see renderings of the Astros ' center-field plans .
Cleon Hodge was walking toward the Porter Square T station on his way home from work last month , glancing down at a text message conversation a few minutes after 6 p.m. , when he banged shoulders with another pedestrian .
“ You got ta say ‘ Excuse me ' if you 're going to try some cute [ stuff ] like that , ” Hodge , 21 , recalled telling the middle-aged man he 'd collided with .
But the man was an on-duty plain-clothed police officer , Cambridge Detective Sergeant Thomas Ahern , and soon he was clutching Hodge by the sweatshirt while a small crowd gathered and a woman recorded the encounter .
Advertisement
Each man believed the other had initiated the contact — a fact of life in a crowded city , the type of encounter that typically ends in little more than mutual annoyance . But now Cambridge police are seeking assault and other charges against Hodge and a woman who tried to intervene , and pursuing a lesser charge against a second woman who recorded the incident with her cellphone .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
The Oct. 13 incident and its aftermath , captured in four video clips by two bystanders , should raise serious questions about both Ahern 's handling of the situation and the resulting possibility of criminal charges , according to two civil right lawyers familiar with police abuse cases who reviewed the footage . Both were incredulous : How , they wondered , could what both men described as a minor collision between pedestrians on a crowded city street possibly be construed as assault and battery ?
“ How many times have any one of us been bumped into by someone who is not paying attention ? ” asked Rahsaan Hall , director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts Racial Justice Program , who reviewed the videos and Ahern 's account of the incident .
“ This is the type of behavior and abuse of authority that erodes the public 's confidence in the police . ”
Cambridge police spokesman Jeremy Warnick said the department and Ahern were prevented from discussing the incident because of the potential charges pending before a clerk magistrate . Ahern , who joined the force in 1993 , has had five complaints lodged against him over the course of his career , Warnick said — all of which were dismissed after investigation . He has receieved numerous awards , including a 2013 Unit Ribbon Award for leading a Special Response Team during the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings .
Barry Chin/Globe Staff Police are seeking to charge Cleon Hodge ( above ) with assault and battery .
Advertisement
Hodge — who had charges from a February run-in with Boston police recently dismissed — received a summons for assault and battery and disorderly conduct for the October incident . Both women could face charges of interfering with a police officer , and one for the more serious charge of assault and battery on a police officer . The latter carries a potential sentence of 2½ years behind bars .
Donald Gosselin , a retired 30-year veteran of the Boston Police Department who consults with police forces in Latin America on police modernization and community policing , said the assault charge against Hodge would appear to be difficult to prosecute .
“ I do n't see an assault and battery — you have to prove intent , ” Gosselin explained . However , he added that if Hodge yelled at Ahern after they bumped into each other and created a scene , then a disorderly conduct charge would potentially apply .
The charge against the woman who allegedly touched Ahern 's arm , Gosselin said , hinges in part on when and whether the woman knew Ahern was a police officer . Such cases can be complicated when officers are working in plain clothes .
But the video , in which the woman appears to reach out with her left hand and contact the officers arm , “ is conclusive evidence that the police officer was the victim of assault and battery , ” Gosselin said .
Advertisement
Hodge and the two women appeared at a clerk magistrate hearing last week . Because two of the three defendants did not have lawyers , the matter was continued until December , according to Bill Merrigan , a lawyer who briefly represented the woman who Ahern alleges assaulted him by repeatedly touching his arm during the incident .
Last week , Merrigan said , he withdrew from the case , referred the woman — a family friend — to a criminal defense lawyer , and filed a complaint over Ahern 's handling of the situation with the attorney general 's office . The names of those involved were not released because charges have not been issued yet . Only Hodge and Ahern are clearly identifiable in the videos .
The videos do not capture what touched off the confrontation , and Hodge 's and Ahern 's accounts differ .
In a police report written two hours after the encounter , Ahern alleged Hodge made eye contact with him before bumping him in the chest with his shoulder and angrily demanding an apology .
“ I walked up to him in an attempt to de-escalate the situation and identified myself as a police officer by displaying the badge which I carry on my belt , ” Ahern wrote . Hodge , he wrote , replied with expletives that he did n't care and continued to demand an apology .
“ At this point I could see that his both hands were clenched into fists which I interpreted as a pre-assault cue , ” Ahern wrote . “ I grabbed him by his shirt and told him to settle down and give me his ID . ”
Hodge , in an interview , acknowledged demanding an apology from the man who he said banged into him deliberately . But he denied being physically aggressive .
“ Once I saw his badge , my hands go straight in the air . By my ears , straight up , ” Hodge said .
The first video recording opens with Ahern gripping Hodge 's sweatshirt and Hodge 's hands in the air . Ahern reaches toward Hodge 's waist with his free hand , asking “ What do you get in your pockets ? ” as Hodge backs away and moves his hips to avoid being searched . “ You started this , ” Ahern tells Hodge , who calmly tells Ahern that he was supposed to say “ Excuse me . ”
“ Get away from me , you 're going to be arrested in two seconds , ” Ahern shouts , apparently at the woman recording the confrontation , and then slaps at the phone , knocking it out of her hand . “ I 'm police , ” Ahern says after she retrieves her phone , “ Go away . ”
In the second recording , which appears to pick up soon after , Ahern is confronted by a second woman who demands to see his badge . He shows it to the woman while maintaining his grip on Hodge , whose hands are still raised , the pair now backed into a doorway .
Hodge hands his phone , which he 'd been holding aloft , to the woman and asks her to call the police . Ahern jerks Hodge around and shoves him into a brick wall , lunging with his free hand toward Hodge 's waist .
The woman asks whether Ahern has a warrant to search Hodge — though typically only probable cause is necessary to conduct such a search , not a warrant — and then reaches toward Ahern 's arm with her left hand . Physical contact is not clearly visible in the video because the woman 's body obscures her hand , but Ahern immediately says “ Do n't touch me . ”
Though the camera stays trained on Ahern and Hodge , a growing number of onlookers can be heard shouting to both men .
Hodge repeatedly asks Ahern to let go of him , as Ahern pulls him back into the doorway and pushes him against the wall and door .
“ When you bumped by me , I said excuse me , ” Hodge says .
“ I did n't bump into you , ” Ahern says .
“ Yes you did . Do n't lie , ” Hodge answers . “ Come on now . Be for real . ”
“ You 're being detained , ” Ahern says , before being interrupted by another man who urges Hodge not to argue with the police .
The third recording shows Ahern still holding Hodge 's sweatshirt as Hodge asks why he 's being detained . Ahern declines to answer .
After another brief exchange , more police officers arrive and search Hodge 's pockets , at which point Ahern releases his grip . Eventually , Hodge is allowed to leave .
In his report , which broadly matches the video but differs in the sequence of some events , Ahern described feeling concern about the growing crowd .
“ At this time I would estimate the crowd at about twenty people , most of who were outwardly hostile toward me , ” Ahern wrote . Hodge and the two women were not arrested at the scene , he wrote , “ so as to de-escalate the scene , ” where a small crowd had begun chanting “ Let him go . ”
Later that night , Ahern wrote in his report , police received a call from Hodge 's mother , who alleged that Ahern had appeared intoxicated — something two onlookers can be heard saying during the videos .
At one point in one video , Hodge says he can smell alcohol on Ahern 's breath and accuses him of being drunk .
Ahern responds , apparently dismissively : “ Oh , I 'm drunk . OK. Yeah , you 're right . You must be right . You 're right . Yep . Yep . ”
At the police station , Ahern wrote , he took a breathalyzer test — video recorded and witnessed by another officer — that showed he had not consumed alcohol .
Ahern issued summonses to Hodge and the two women by mail .
Howard Friedman , a Boston civil rights lawyer who specializes in police abuse cases , reviewed the videos and praised Hodge for remaining calm .
“ He was well-behaved considering this guy was grabbing him , ” Friedman said .
He said allowing Ahern to seek charges was a mistake .
“ It seems clear to me that [ Hodge ] thought it was an accident , ” Friedman said . “ It 's the kind of incidental stuff that happens to us because we live in cities . That 's not assault and battery . That can happen as you walk down the sidewalk . ”
Jeanette Reynoso , Hodge 's mother , said the racial climate in the country has made her fearful for her son 's life .
Hodge this year had a charge of assault and battery against a police officer after he allegedly shoved a Boston officer who ordered him to stop skateboarding near a construction zone . The charge was dismissed after he wrote a letter of apology and agreed to eight hours of community service . He works at a Cambridge call center that offers fund-raising services for nonprofits and progressive political organizations .
“ I 've trained my son , ” Reynoso said . “ I 've told him , do n't resist arrest . We 'll deal with it appropriately once the matter is resolved . ”
She said the videos , in which Hodge clearly attempts to keep his hands raised , reflected that training .
“ There 's been a lot of innocent lives that are lost going in your pockets , ” Reynoso said .
Ahern , not Hodge , was responsible for the chaotic scene , said Hall , the ACLU official .
“ He unreasonably escalates a situation that could have easily been avoided , ” Hall said , and the crowd that gathers is plainly aware of the ongoing national conversation about how minorities — particularly young black men — are policed .
“ It 's really unfortunate because this officer 's conduct is inconsistent with the legacy of Chief [ Robert ] Haas , who recently retired , ” Hall said , referring to Cambridge 's reputation as an enlightened , progressive police force . “ It 's a waste of taxpayers resources to pursue these matters in court . ”
Nestor Ramos can be reached at nestor.ramos @ globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @ NestorARamos
SPRINGFIELD - Dakin Humane Society will be reducing adoption fees for select adult cats 6 months or older to $ 5 on Saturday , Oct. 3 , at their Springfield and Leverett adoption centers from 12:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m .
The cats selected are those who have been waiting for adoption for several weeks , according to a Dakin press release .
According to Executive Director Leslie Harris , `` As our busiest summer season winds to a close , we still have a large number of cats looking for their next families . We 're holding this adoption event to give these terrific adult cats some attention and opportunities to find new homes . ''
Other animals available at Dakin include dogs , kittens , guinea pigs , rabbits , hamsters , ferrets , rats and mice . A full listing of adoptable animals is available at www.dakinhumane.org .
Photo Credit : Flash 90
A “ spillover ” of four Syrian rockets from the Syrian civil war hit the Israeli side of the Golan Heights early Saturday morning , triggering rocket alerts on the Golan Heights . Five rockets were launched in total . One landed near an Israeli community .
IDF forces then returned fire at 3 Syrian artillery batteries in the Quneitra countryside , causing material damage . The IDF announced Israel wo n't accept any breaches of its sovereignty .
Advertisement
The Syrian army 's Command told official news agency SANA that the Israeli “ aggression ” followed mortar shells that had been shot by terrorists – upon the instructions of “ the Israeli entity , ” on an area of empty fields “ to give the Israeli enemy a pretext to carry out its aggression . ”
The Syrian command warned against “ dangerous repercussions of such hostile acts , affirming that the Israeli occupation bears full responsibility for the outcomes of that aggression , regardless of the flimsy pretexts which have become divulged and well-known for all . ”
The IDF suspects that the Syrian army launched the attack deliberately .
Google served up a bevy of announcements , technologies , and goodies for developers , but it also highlighted a much larger strategy where the search giant still organizes the world 's information , but also begins creating systems that 'll add context , delight you , and potentially provide more insights .
Here 's a look at the key takeaways from Google I/O this week .
Artificial intelligence and machine learning is Google 's competitive advantage and will be embedded everywhere . Google CEO Sundar Pichai talked AI non-stop during his Google I/O keynote and he 's rearchitecting the company to be `` AI-first . '' The extent of Google 's AI reach is everywhere from Google Photos to Google Assistant to Google Cloud Platform to damn near every other product or service the search giant has . Google 's AI efforts will even tap into human resources as it pivots to target job searches .
Another notable AI project is AutoML , a research project under the Google.ai effort . The general idea is that machine learning systems will create more machine learning systems . Pichai said early results for AutoML were promising .
Edison analyst Richard Windsor said of AutoML :
This is a hugely important development as it marks a step forward in the quest to enable the machines to build their own AI models . Building models today is still a massively time and processor intensive task which is mostly done manually and is very expensive . If machines can build and train their own models , a whole new range of possibilities is opened-up in terms of speed of development as well as the scope tasks that AI can be asked to perform . Automated model building is one of the major challenges of AI and if Google is starting to make progress here , it represents a further distancing of Google from its competitors .
Read also : Google bets on AI-first as computer vision , voice recognition , machine learning improve | Google 's strides in computer vision leads to Google Lens feature | CNET : 5 reasons to use Google Photos on your iPhone | TechRepublic : How to get Google Assistant on your iPhone
Android is simplifying . Android has received a broad rewrite , but the latest effort -- Android O -- is cleaner and simplifies notification , cutting and pasting , app functions via Instant Apps and is going to bring in a lot of contextual information via AI . Will Android O be the most revolutionary release for the smartphone ? Probably not . But that 's OK if it simplifies tasks overall . The other thread here is that Android is simplifying its frameworks for developers too . These developers will appreciate more efficiency since they 'll be tapped for other Android flavors like Android Things .
Read also : Google releases Android O in beta , rolls out Android Go for entry-level devices | Google 's Instant App , mobile web improvements give tech decision makers a lot to ponder | Jaded by Java ? Android now supports Kotlin programming language |CNET : Google is doing deep surgery on Android | Android O : Should iPhone be worried ? Nah
Google Assistant may push Apple 's Siri out of the way . Let 's face it -- Siri is n't the smartest assistant on the block . Google Assistant is smarter and getting more so via AI and machine learning . By bringing Google Assistant to the iPhone the company is ensuring it will have a big role on iOS beyond Google Maps and core services .
Read also : Google Assistant is coming to the iPhone | Google Assistant integrates with GE 's connected appliances | TechRepublic : Google Assistant : The smart person 's guide
Infrastructure matters . Google unveiled the next generation of its custom-built Tensor Processing Unit ( TPU ) , a chip designed for machine learning . The first generation of TPUs , revealed at last year 's I/O , were designed to run already-trained machine learning models . Pichai said that an AI-first approach means new infrastructure approaches are needed . This infrastructure is likely to be consumed largely through the Google Cloud Platform , which is aimed at enterprises .
Read also : Google unveils next-gen TPUs to both train and run machine learning models | Understanding the pros and cons of five different cloud types | Cloud v. Data Center : Key trends for IT decision-makers
Android Things may be the most interesting flavor of Android going forward . Android Things is being embedded into more devices via partners such as NXP , which is being acquired by Qualcomm . Android Things plays into Google 's Cloud IoT Core platform and is going to be included in multiple edge systems . While Android Things will gain more traction in the months to come , it may be one of the more notable Android siblings .
Read also : NXP launches Google Android Things modules as voice AI proliferates in smart home | Qualcomm , Google to team up on Android Things , eye Internet of Things apps
Google targets the HR market . Pichai said Google will aim its search at connecting people with jobs . The company will also use machine learning and AI in its approach and has partnered with a host of players in the job search game . Ultimately , Google is likely to power more enterprise job search like it has with FedEx and Johnson & Johnson . What 's unclear is whether Google will expand into a broader human resources suite to go along with its Google Cloud Platform and G Suite .
Read also : Google to add jobs to search , dabbles as HR gatekeeper
Massa still does not know if he will be at Ferrari next season
Felipe Massa intends to finish the season with Ferrari without worrying if he has a future with the Italian team .
Ferrari are leaning towards sticking with the Brazilian , 31 , for 2013 but Force India drivers Nico Hulkenberg and Paul Di Resta are still options .
`` Of course my future is important , but right now it 's the results that are the most important thing , '' said Massa ahead of the Japanese Grand Prix .
`` The best plan is to race without worrying about the future . ''
Ferrari have narrowed their choice for Fernando Alonso 's team-mate next year down to three drivers .
If the team decide to change Felipe , whoever [ comes in ] has to be better than Felipe Fernando Alonso
But Massa has reignited his chances of keeping the seat with some strong performances in recent races .
In the last month , Massa has finished fifth in Belgium , fourth in Italy and produced a strong comeback drive in Singapore to finish eighth after a first-lap puncture put him to the back of the field .
He is currently 10th in the overall driver standings .
`` I know what I can do , what I can give to the team and what are my talents , '' said Massa . `` The team also knows this , because I 've been here with them for rather longer than a day or even a year !
`` I have to concentrate on each race as it comes . ''
Ferrari wants to wait until at least mid-October after the Korean Grand Prix before deciding .
Both German Hulkenberg and Scot Di Resta have produced impressive performances this season .
In mid-summer , Ferrari were planning to drop Massa , who has been racing for the Scuderia since 2006 .
Media playback is not supported on this device Di Resta delighted with fourth
But BBC Sport understands that Ferrari team members want to keep Massa - as does Alonso , who made his views clear with a comment at the Singapore Grand Prix .
Alonso said : `` We need to have a driver that respects Ferrari and the tradition of this team . We work for the team and the red cars . This is the first priority .
`` And second I have been working with Felipe three years now and [ we have ] a good relationship . If the team decide to change Felipe , whoever [ comes in ] has to be better than Felipe .
`` Of the names that have been written , I do n't know if they have been written with the head or the heart . I do n't know if you can compare what Felipe did in F1 with what they did . ''
That last remark is a reference to the fact that Massa has won 11 grands prix and narrowly missed out on the world title in 2008 , whereas none of the drivers who have been linked with replacing him have yet won a race .
But Ferrari 's bosses want to wait a little longer before confirming Massa to be sure he can hold on to his current form .
Editor 's Note : The story below chronicles the adventure of Alice on her trip from Phnom Penh to Mondulkiri . All images and content are from the contributor .
Currently living in Phnom Penh , we decided with some friends to leave the capital city during Water Festival and go on discovering North East of Cambodia and especially Mondolkiri .
We booked a bus through BookMeBus to go there . The journey was great , the landscape was really beautiful and very different to all I 've seen in Cambodia so far , with all those hills and this luxuriant vegetation . Our first impression when we got there , was this really peaceful mood prevailing in this small village surrounded by nature and animals . This is so pleasant after the spirited Phnom Penh !
We were hosted and guided by two native from a Mondolkiri village during the entire week-end , which is a great way to discover this region . We stayed in a traditional house for the first night , talking and eating with locals .
The second day we left early morning to go for two days trekking in the jungle ! That was an amazing experience . We swam in waterfalls , saw crazy animals , slept in hammock ( in the middle of the forest ) , fished and eat from the river , saw elephants … Coming back in the village after this incredible 2 days trek , people invited us to a weeding in the village ! That was so great !
Mondolkiri is far from being my best trip since I am in Cambodia , not only for the amazing landscape but also because it was a real interesting exchange and sharing moment with the locals . It is a place not to be missed during your trip in Cambodia !
I would recommend going there just after the rainy season , when the landscape is entirely green and rain is not anymore an obstacle to go on discovering . You should stay there at least three days , which is I think the minimum if you want to have time to appreciate this so special atmosphere . Moreover , if you want to see the elephants , I would recommend you to choose a Cambodian NGO , in order contributing to local initiatives .
I did enjoy this trip a lot because we always were with locals therefore I can only warmly recommend you to avoid guesthouses there !
Enjoy your trip in Mondolkiri !
Going to Mondulkiri ?
Alice
A top county official held a news conference Thursday night to set the record straight on an issue of paramount importance to Los Angeles : beach football .
Pigskin chucking , Frisbee hurling and all manner of ball play are OK on Los Angeles beaches , as long as people play safely , said county Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky .
An exasperated Yaroslavsky said he was forced to call the news conference after a media misfire earlier this week prompted a flood of calls and emails to his office , with one complaint from as far away as London .
`` Nobody is going to get fined a thousand dollars for throwing a football . Nobody 's going to get arrested , '' Yaroslavsky said sternly—while holding a Trojan red USC football .
In Los Angeles , beaches are serious business . They attract 50 to 70 million visitors every year and provide a major source of tourist revenue . And a city that 's in the midst of trying to attract an NFL team would hardly want to appear unfriendly to the game .
More On This ...
County supervisors had revised an ordinance Tuesday that quietly banned ball play on the beach for the past 40 years . The ban had threatened a $ 1,000 fine on violators—but beach officials say a citation for a rule violation has never been written .
It was revised to allow year-round ball play on beaches with one caveat : during the busy summer months , beachgoers must ask a lifeguard for permission before starting a beach ball game .
Santos Kreimann , director
of the Department of Beaches and Harbors , said disobedient players face a $ 100 fine if they start tossing beach balls against a lifeguard 's wishes .
`` It 's not appropriate sometimes for someone to be playing in the middle of people enjoying the ocean , '' said Kreimann .
Cigarettes have been banned on the sand to keep beaches free of butts . Butts of another kind also are not allowed as nude sunbathing is not permitted .
By Karl D - Sun Apr 24 , 2:53 pm
“ Grand Theft Auto turns our children into gangsters ”
“ Mass Effect sells sex to kids ”
“ Modern Warfare 2 lets us experience life as a terrorist ”
These are just a few examples of how videogames are portrayed in society , the media loves to place the blame on gaming whenever our kids are doing something stupid . However we think it 's fair to say we 've found the most insane/hilarious accusation of all .
Ice Van Winkle of Christwire.org was apparently shocked to find his children had experienced a game full of glory holes , homosexual robots , orange lubricant gel and even going as far as to accuse Valve of being associated with pro-child molestation group NAMBLA .
“ As soon as I heard the name “ Portal 2 ” , my suspicions grew and I immediately found myself wondering which body parts the game might be referring to . I rushed to the computer that I keep locked away from my impressionable children , and what I found was truly disturbing . Just 10 minutes of Bing research produced so much evidence that this game was a homosexual recruitment tool that I have now forbidden it . ”
Mr. Winkle goes on to describe the game mechanics , explaining how the character uses mechanical penis guns to traverse through environments which he believes to be gay bath houses .
The full article can be found here and we must stress a WARNING : there is an image used in this article which is unsuitable for children or the work environment .
Let the world know : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
An Afghan-American speaks You ca n't bomb us back into the Stone Age . We 're already there . But you can start a new world war , and that 's exactly what Osama bin Laden wants .
I 've been hearing a lot of talk about `` bombing Afghanistan back to the Stone Age . '' Ronn Owens , on San Francisco 's KGO Talk Radio , conceded today that this would mean killing innocent people , people who had nothing to do with this atrocity , but `` we 're at war , we have to accept collateral damage . What else can we do ? '' Minutes later I heard some TV pundit discussing whether we `` have the belly to do what must be done . ''
And I thought about the issues being raised especially hard because I am from Afghanistan , and even though I 've lived in the United States for 35 years I 've never lost track of what 's going on there . So I want to tell anyone who will listen how it all looks from where I 'm standing .
Advertisement :
I speak as one who hates the Taliban and Osama bin Laden . There is no doubt in my mind that these people were responsible for the atrocity in New York . I agree that something must be done about those monsters .
But the Taliban and bin Laden are not Afghanistan . They 're not even the government of Afghanistan . The Taliban are a cult of ignorant psychotics who took over Afghanistan in 1997 . Bin Laden is a political criminal with a plan . When you think Taliban , think Nazis . When you think bin Laden , think Hitler . And when you think `` the people of Afghanistan '' think `` the Jews in the concentration camps . '' It 's not only that the Afghan people had nothing to do with this atrocity . They were the first victims of the perpetrators . They would exult if someone would come in there , take out the Taliban and clear out the rats ' nest of international thugs holed up in their country .
Some say , why do n't the Afghans rise up and overthrow the Taliban ? The answer is , they 're starved , exhausted , hurt , incapacitated , suffering . A few years ago , the United Nations estimated that there are 500,000 disabled orphans in Afghanistan -- a country with no economy , no food . There are millions of widows . And the Taliban has been burying these widows alive in mass graves . The soil is littered with land mines , the farms were all destroyed by the Soviets . These are a few of the reasons why the Afghan people have not overthrown the Taliban .
We come now to the question of bombing Afghanistan back to the Stone Age . Trouble is , that 's been done . The Soviets took care of it already . Make the Afghans suffer ? They 're already suffering . Level their houses ? Done . Turn their schools into piles of rubble ? Done . Eradicate their hospitals ? Done . Destroy their infrastructure ? Cut them off from medicine and healthcare ? Too late . Someone already did all that . New bombs would only stir the rubble of earlier bombs . Would they at least get the Taliban ? Not likely . In today 's Afghanistan , only the Taliban eat , only they have the means to move around . They 'd slip away and hide . Maybe the bombs would get some of those disabled orphans ; they do n't move too fast , they do n't even have wheelchairs . But flying over Kabul and dropping bombs would n't really be a strike against the criminals who did this horrific thing . Actually it would only be making common cause with the Taliban -- by raping once again the people they 've been raping all this time .
So what else is there ? What can be done , then ? Let me now speak with true fear and trembling . The only way to get Bin Laden is to go in there with ground troops . When people speak of `` having the belly to do what needs to be done '' they 're thinking in terms of having the belly to kill as many as needed . Having the belly to overcome any moral qualms about killing innocent people . Let 's pull our heads out of the sand . What 's actually on the table is Americans dying . And not just because some Americans would die fighting their way through Afghanistan to Bin Laden 's hideout . It 's much bigger than that , folks . Because to get any troops to Afghanistan , we 'd have to go through Pakistan . Would they let us ? Not likely . The conquest of Pakistan would have to be first . Will other Muslim nations just stand by ? You see where I 'm going . We 're flirting with a world war between Islam and the West .
And guess what : That 's bin Laden 's program . That 's exactly what he wants . That 's why he did this . Read his speeches and statements . It 's all right there . He really believes Islam would beat the West . It might seem ridiculous , but he figures if he can polarize the world into Islam and the West , he 's got a billion soldiers . If the West wreaks a holocaust in those lands , that 's a billion people with nothing left to lose ; that 's even better from Bin Laden 's point of view . He 's probably wrong -- in the end the West would win , whatever that would mean -- but the war would last for years and millions would die , not just theirs but ours .
Advertisement :
Who has the belly for that ? Bin Laden does . Anyone else ?
It was right there on the damn highway .
I only drove past it three times .
It must be Our American getting in my head . Usually , I keep my head on a swivel … looking left , right , left , right the entire time I 'm out exploring .
He thinks it 's unsafe driving .
I ca n't imagine being on an adventure without it . I swerve occasionally but , luckily , I 'm usually on a desolate back road .
No traffic . And when I explored in Alberta , there were no ditches . Just fields . Bonus !
Anyhow , the first big stop on Our Great Escape yesterday was the Pflug mansion in Wauconda , Wash . It 's well photographed , so I knew it was set in a field … the crumbling home nestled in a valley of rolling hills .
A friend even sent me the geographic coordinates .
Latitude : 48°43'30.48″N
Longtitude : 119° 1'29.57″W
I found it on Google . I circled it on my map book .
Somehow , I marked it in a field south of route 20 , buried in a field near Mt . Anne Road . And since I did n't have cell service , I had no way to double-check .
I drove past Wauconda , over the pass and found a sign dedicated to Old Wauconda .
Like so many ghost towns in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia , Wauconda was borne of the Gold Rush . The town built up around four gold mines , starting in the late 1890s .
And by 1904 , the gold was all but gone . The residents moved west to the current townsite , which appears to be home to a few ranch operations and the few who want nothing of urbanization .
According to GhostTowns.com , Wauconda was a great place to pick up some hooch .
During the Prohibition Era of the 1920s and 1930s , an already developed industry of mountain stills became popular around Wauconda , and continued right into the 80s and 90s . Wauconda , amongst residents of north central Washington is known for its exceptional moonshine . It is not clear why this industry never did have someone take it and legalize it , but I have asked some of those that their families made it , and they seemed to get some sort of enjoyment of making it illegally , just for the fun of it !
Law enforcement personnel and government workers are reviled in Wauconda , no matter whether they 're county sheriffs or FBI .
That 's good to know .
And for heaven 's sake , do n't miss this story on GhostTowns.com :
At the Independence Day celebration , held at Okanogan , WA , in 1922 , a local Wauconda , WA cowboy , named Virgil Vance , strapped a horse saddle onto the top of a fuselage of an old two-seater biplane behind the rear pilot position , and rode that airplane into the air on that saddle , without seat belt , parachute , or any other safety apparatus holding him onto that saddle . The airplane did two loops and twists above the crowds before landing again . Mr. Vance said later that he had never ever held onto a piece of leather so tight as he did on that ride . He never attempted another feat like that again , but went on to die of old age in 1981 , fathering two daughters and one son .
Yeehaw ! In the spirit of Wauconda cowboys and free spirits , I was up for some off-roading .
I doubled back along Highway 20 . Figuring I had to turn south , I looked for the right spot … private road , private road , Mount Anne Road … OK , Mount Anne Road , less trouble .
Mount Anne Road loses its pavement ( no problem ) and heads up into the Okanogan National Forest . The road winds and heads through some pretty woody areas .
I keep my eyes open for valleys and fields but no luck . I drive through a tiny community ( three houses ; please do n't drive any faster than 10 miles an hour ‘ cuz you might hit a horse or a kid … or kick up too much dust ) .
I come across the old Keeler cabin , built around 1900 .
I give up . I keep going up into more forested areas , not coming across any valleys or mansion ruins . I head back to the highway and I still ca n't find the Pflug Mansion , a symbol of Gold Rush opulence in the middle of nowhere .
I hang a right south on one of the private roads , knowing I could get in some serious shit if I crossed someone having a bad day . And my propensity for going down side roads that could have deep ditches of snow or private crossings is another of My American 's pet peeves .
When I start to get followed by a herd of horses , I know I 'm in the wrong spot again . A nifty little three-point turn around tree stumps and I 'm heading back to the highway .
Again .
And just as I 'm about to end the trek back down this private road and turn onto Route 20 bound for the ghost town of Bodie , there it is .
Right on the highway . A sign dedicated to the Pflug Mansion . And behind that sign , the house ruins in the distance .
The PG version : Oh for THE LOVE OF GOD .
I dare not write the R-rated version of what came out of my mouth .
I had to switch to my crappy 200mm kit lens to get the right shot , but there it is .
The Pflug Mansion .
John Pflug , a German immigrant , started building a mansion in the style of his home country in 1908 , hauling all the materials from a sawmill about 10 miles away . He never finished the house and his family lived in a section of the house while the construction continued .
The Pflugs abandoned the home in 1921 . John Pflug died in Spokane in 1956 ; his wife Anne passed two weeks later in Wilbur , Idaho .
I can only imagine what that mansion would have looked like had Pflug completed his project .
I just wish he had built it a bit closer to the road .
Of course , if he had n't , Shep and I would n't have had the adventure we did .
I could just go back to keeping my head on a swivel . Or Shep could be a better co-pilot .
I have to talk to him about that , maybe bribe him with cookies .
Stay tuned for more on Bodie and north central Washington State .
Check out the entire photo album on our Facebook page .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Son of Nigeria 's hero doctor , who spotted Ebola patient , speaks of pride
Nigeria has been declared officially free of Ebola after six weeks with no new cases , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) says .
WHO representative Rui Gama Vaz , speaking in the capital Abuja , said it was a `` spectacular success story '' .
Nigeria won praise for its swift response after a Liberian diplomat brought the disease there in July .
The outbreak has killed more than 4,500 people in West Africa , mostly in Liberia , Guinea , and Sierra Leone .
An estimated 70 % of those infected have died in those countries .
The WHO officially declared Senegal Ebola-free on Friday .
Meanwhile , European Union foreign ministers are meeting in Luxembourg to discuss how to strengthen their response to the threat posed by Ebola .
Speaking on the sidelines , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said he expected the meeting to appoint a co-ordinator to galvanise the EU 's response to the epidemic .
`` My colleagues are unanimous in saying that this idea of a European co-ordinator for the fight against Ebola is a good idea . The name will be chosen in the coming days . I think it 's a very important step . ''
European countries have committed more than 500m euros ( £400m ; $ 600m ) but the UK is pressing to double that amount .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Will Ross in Nigeria spoke to a doctor about how to treat the early stages
The money is being sought to help reinforce over-stretched healthcare systems in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea and to mitigate the damage Ebola is doing to their economies .
Earlier , the Spanish government said a nurse who became the first person to contract Ebola outside West Africa had tested negative for the virus .
How not to catch Ebola :
Avoid direct contact with sick patients as the virus is spread through contaminated body fluids
Wear goggles to protect eyes
Clothing and clinical waste should be incinerated and any medical equipment that needs to be kept should be decontaminated
People who recover from Ebola should abstain from sex or use condoms for three months
Ebola basics
How Ebola attacks
What virus has hit - in maps
Uncertainty over figures
The result suggests Teresa Romero , 44 , is no longer infected although a second test is required before she can be declared free of Ebola .
Ms Romero contracted the virus when treating two infected patients in a Madrid hospital .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Javier Limon , Teresa Romero 's husband : `` I am very happy ''
In another development , US health officials said 43 people being closely monitored after coming into contact with Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan had been given the all-clear .
They were subject to twice-daily monitoring during the 21-day incubation period .
However , others who cared for Mr Duncan remain at risk including two nurses he infected and their close contacts . Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said 120 people were still being monitored , with their waiting period due to end on 7 November .
Nigeria praised
The WHO can declare an Ebola outbreak over if two incubation periods of 21 days pass with no new cases . The last reported case in Nigeria - Africa 's most populous country - was discovered on 5 September .
`` The virus is gone for now . The outbreak in Nigeria has been defeated , '' WHO Nigerian representative Rui Gama Vaz said on Monday .
`` This is a spectacular success story that shows to the world that Ebola can be contained but we must be clear that we have only won a battle , the war will only end when West Africa is also declared free of Ebola . ''
The outbreak there began when Patrick Sawyer , an American-Liberian citizen , was diagnosed with the illness in July .
Nigeria declared a national public health emergency and Mr Sawyer later died of the disease , followed by seven Nigerians .
These included Dr Ameyo Stella Adadevoh , who diagnosed Mr Sawyer and is credited with helping to contain the outbreak at its source .
Dr Adadevoh 's son , Bankole Cardoso , told the BBC that because Mr Sawyer had been so quickly diagnosed , Nigeria was able to trace all those who could possibly have contracted the disease from him .
`` That was probably the difference between us and our West African neighbours , '' he said .
John Vertefeuille , from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , said that Nigeria had taken the right steps to contain the outbreak .
`` Nigeria acted quickly and early and on a large scale , '' he told AFP news agency .
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , who chairs the African Union Commission , told the BBC that countries affected by Ebola would have to deal with the consequences for years to come .
`` A lot of things are almost at a standstill . They are not going to be producing as much food as they would have produced , they are diverting some of the money for education to other things to stamp out the epidemic , '' she said .
Ebola virus disease ( EVD )
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How Ebola survivors ' blood is saving lives
Symptoms include high fever , bleeding and central nervous system damage
Spread by body fluids , such as blood and saliva
Fatality rate can reach 90 % - but current outbreak has mortality rate of about 70 %
Incubation period is two to 21 days
There is no proven vaccine or cure
Supportive care such as rehydrating patients who have diarrhoea and vomiting can help recovery
Fruit bats , a delicacy for some West Africans , are considered to be virus 's natural host
Ebola virus : Busting the myths
Following a number of collisions between its drivers this year , Force India changed its rules of engagement – with Sergio Perez and Esteban Ocon not allowed to fight each other anymore .
The pair were again forced to hold position in the Japanese Grand Prix , Ocon finishing sixth and Perez just behind in seventh .
Despite both men being eager to get unleashed again , and following the instructions handed out at Suzuka , Force India says it stands by its decision to keep team orders in place for now .
When asked by Motorsport.com about what it will take for the drivers to be allowed to race each other , Force India COO Otmar Szafnauer said : `` After fourth is secure , we will sit down with everybody and see if they can actually race again . ''
Szafnauer said that it is possible that the current use of team orders could come back into play at the start of 2018 too , if Perez and Ocon have not convinced the outfit about their ability to fight cleanly .
However , he hoped that there could come a time soon when the team returned to the open situation it had with previous driver pairings .
`` The team always comes first , '' said Szafnauer `` If they can prove to us after this year that they can sensibly race together , then I am sure we will consider that .
`` [ Nico ] Hulkenberg and Checo [ Perez ] sensibly raced together and they did n't crash into each other . If we had that scenario again , then there is no reason to always have team orders . ''
Szafnauer suggested that the way the drivers accepted team orders in Japan suggests they have well understood the mistakes they have made in the past .
`` They are both smart guys and hopefully the lessons will be learned very quickly and I think they have , '' he said .
`` Our philosophy here is always to maximise the team potential , and we have to do what it takes to maximise the team potential .
`` Usually , letting them race and go as fast as they can maximise the team potential . But when they start crashing into each other a lot , then it does n't maximise the team potential , so we have to do something different in order to maximise the team potential .
`` That is exactly what we have done . When we are happy to let them race , and we believe letting them race is better than holding them back , then that is when we will do it . But we are not there yet . ''
As the opposition parties continue to stall the Parliament showing no sign of ending the logjam , more than 15,000 people including country 's top industrialists have launched a signature campaign urging Members of the Parliament to allow the Parliament to function , debate and legislate .
The petition called , “ Parliament to function – urge all political parties to have a collaborative and consultative process in the Parliament ” , has been launched on Change.org , in a first-of-its-kind initiative .
Since its launch on Saturday , more than 16,000 people including leading industry stalwarts have signed the petition .
CII president Sumit Mazumder , Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan , Bajaj Auto Chairman Rahul Bajaj , Biocon 's Kiran Majumdar-Shaw , Hero MotoCorp Boss Pawan Munjal , GVK 's GV Sanjaya Reddy , GE India head Banmali Agrawala , Adi Godrej , Ajay S Shriram , Atul Punj , Vikram Kirloskar are among top industrialists who have signed the petition .
The list includes several prominent citizens from various walks of lives , such as IIT Madras ' Ashok Jhunjhunwala , IIM Ahmedabad 's Piyush Kumar Sinha , Dr. Naresh Trehan , Dr. Ashok Seth and some diplomats .
`` Parliamentary protest are not unknown . Parliamentary stalemates can never be permanent . Parliamentary paralysis can lead to weakening of India 's democracy . There is a spread of political power between the opposition and the Government in Indian Parliament . Both have an important role to play . Both have responsibility to discuss and resolve political issues . Political consensus represents the best practice in Indian democracy , '' said the petition
Terming recent events as `` disheartening '' , the petition says that MPs have the potential of eroding popular faith in Parliament . The petition said , `` Perpetual disruption can never be the rule . Street demonstrations against the Chair of the Lower House are of unprecedented scale . Important laws like the Constitution amendments in Goods and Services Tax which improves India 's growth rate is held up . GST has taken a long time in coming and has taken years of consensus building , and CII has time and again reiterated that this could significantly contribute to India 's and States ' growth . ''
Urging all political parties to have a collaborative and consultative process in the Parliament and allow the Parliament to function , the petition further said , `` India has to grow in order to alleviate poverty and create jobs . Parliament did not get an opportunity to discuss important issues , like floods , security issues , other economic priorities , etc . It is only a debate which brings out the facts to enable people to form a fair and objective opinion on important matters . ''
Government 's attempts to push through the GST Bill in Rajya Sabha were on Tuesday stalled by the Congress disrupting the House , inviting angry reaction from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley who targeted Sonia and Rahul Gandhi saying they were not able to digest the 2014 Lok Sabha election defeat .
The BJP , which has 48 members in the House , has the support of about 120 MPs , and will have to work on a number of small parties to muster about 165 members to make up for the mandatory two-third support for a Constitution amendment Bill .
The roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) is touted as one of the major economic reforms measures and is planned to take effect from April 1 , 2016 .
The UFC 's July visit to Southern California has a new fight on the docket .
Igor Araujo ( 25-7 MMA , 2-1 UFC ) is set to take on Sean Strickland ( 15-1 MMA , 2-1 UFC ) in a welterweight bout at UFC Fight Night 71 . Promotion officials announced the new pairing today .
UFC Fight Night 71 takes place July 15 at Valley View Casino Center in San Diego . While full broadcast plans have not been announced , the main card is likely to air on FOX Sports 1 .
Araujo will be looking to rebound from his first UFC loss , a knockout setback against George Sullivan this past September that snapped his six-fight winning streak . That streak included wins in his first two UFC bouts over Ildemar Alcantara and Danny Mitchell , both by unanimous decision . The Brazilian trains at Jackson-Winkeljohn MMA in Albuquerque , N.M. , and has 17 submissions in his 25 career victories .
The California-born Strickland , who trains up the road near Los Angeles , also will be looking to bounce back after a decision loss to Santiago Ponzinibbio at UFC Fight Night 61 in February . That fight was his first at welterweight , and also the first loss of his pro career . The former King of the Cage middleweight champion started his UFC tenure with a submission win over Robert “ Bubba ” McDaniel at UFC 171 and followed that up with a split-decision win over Luke Barnatt this past May in Germany .
With the addition , UFC Fight Night 71 now includes :
Tony Ferguson vs. Josh Thomson
Igor Araujo vs. Sean Strickland
For more on UFC Fight Night 71 , check out the UFC Rumors section of the site .
The opinions expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of Gamer Headlines as a whole . Gamer Headlines is a free press site made up of many authors from all around the world with different opinions and beliefs .
Gamergate . It 's been a while since I 've talked about this , huh ? In my coverage in the past , there 's been some things I 'm glad I said , and others that I regret not saying , partially because the fine folks behind the movement did a more than brilliant job boosting the signal themselves . Looking at you , Fine Young Capitalists .
Another one is not giving enough of a spotlight to the abuse being sent the other way , towards the supporters and celebrities of Gamergate . This has been under particular scrutiny lately , as Gawker professional has been in the spotlight for openly advocating bullying and nerd shaming in order to shut the movement down . This has caused Mercedes-Benz to pull out all advertising from the network , and many GG celebs such including the recently declared cancer free John Bain ( aka Totalbiscuit ) to set up fundraisers for anti-bullying organisations .
Well if that 's not an invitation to write my wrongs , I do n't know what is . So , here 's my rough guide to some of the most major cases of abuse against gamergate . Watch out for very foul language ahead folks , if nasty words affect you in any shape or form now is the time to turn tail and run .
First of all is a special shoutout to gamergateharassment.tumblr.com , a blog dedicating itself to rooting out harassment against gamers . Like Sam Biddle , a lot of this is just good old nasty nerd shaming . High School never ends , right ? Below is only a small sampling of the abuse by the blog , with plenty more where that came from . Oh , and a special shoutout to George Reese , who is the face of Dell Computing 's Cloud division . Real professional he is .
Had enough yet ? Well settle the bile in your stomach because it 's gon na get worse . Onto the celebrities ! Starting off is Boogie2988 , the soft spoken Youtuber that 's been calling for both sides to have more level heads and talk to each other for a while now . His reward ? Addressing his recent ban from Neogaf for his neutral views , someone took the time to comment on the video and threaten the life of his wife , leaving him to mourn :
Next up is the legend himself , Totalbiscuit . Originally neutral , Totalbiscuit has been turned to the side of campaigning gamers by the abuse he 's received . Even while he 's in surgery to remove cancerous tumors from his body , people still harass him . Unfortunately for them , nobody ever told them not to mess with a cynical critic off his balls on morphine :
Here is someone not related to videogames , but has become relevant because anonymous threats and schemes were turned into very real actions that harmed someone 's life . I 'm talking of course about Danielle Gieger , an equal rights activist with a disdain for the aggressive social justice movement . Responding to criticism bout as well as a cat responds to a bath , people went to her Amazon page and reported her books for plagiarism . Poof , livelihood gone . So when you think of people claiming that boycotts are tantamount to censorship , remember that this happened :
Alright SJWs , come after my accounts , but dont come after my books . I was reported to Amazon for plagiarism & now they 're holding my royalties — Danielle Gieger ( @ DanielleGieger ) October 8 , 2014
Now agree with his views or not , Milo Yiannopoulos is n't a lazy journalist . He 's famous for pulling the whistle on GameJournoPros , and confirming the worst fears of top writers from different publications colluding together to spin stories one way or another . It should n't be a surprise then that he ended up as public enemy No.1 for many folks , one of which took it upon themselves to hunt down Milo 's home address and sent him syringes full of mystery liquids . ‘ Crazy ' is putting it mildly :
No idea what 's in this syringe but evidently someone wants me to find out ! Arrived yesterday . Crazy . # GamerGate pic.twitter.com/jYkczEqvho — Milo Yiannopoulos ( @ Nero ) September 21 , 2014
Hold on folks , we 're getting near the end . You have to wonder in these situations , perhaps this is a lone nutcase ? Maybe there is n't a concerted effort to harm people like there may or not be in the other camp ? Well that would be fine and dandy if there was n't some sort of online resource , where you can find details of industry figures who you may disagree with , as well as their close family and friends . Oh , but of course there is :
And finally , let us leave ourselves on a note of utter hypocrisy . We all know Brianna Wu , right ? Featured on TV with MSNBC , Brianna has been a victim of death threats herself , supposedly from Gamergate though mounting evidence suggests she could have far more enemies than that from what appear to be series of Twitter spats . But nothing quite beats insulting one of your peers , who suffers from Autism , a ‘ gross fucking aspie ' . Revel in the nasty hypocrisy , ladies and gentlemen . Revel in it :
Remember for all your news regarding Gamergate , whether you 're a supporter , detractor , or curious onlooker , stick to GamerHeadlines .
And for all that is holy , do n't say mean things to people because you disagree with them . But that should go without saying . Right ? Right ?
PARIS — Saharan militants affiliated with Al Qaeda executed a French hostage in retaliation for a failed rescue operation last week , President Nicolas Sarkozy of France confirmed on Monday . He vowed to retaliate .
A group that calls itself Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb announced on Sunday that it had killed the hostage , Michel Germaneau , 78 , an aid worker who was kidnapped three months ago in Niger .
The group said the rescue attempt , a French-Mauritanian operation that had left at least six Qaeda fighters dead , would mean that “ one of the gates of hell ” would be opened upon France . Mr. Sarkozy said the operation had been France 's “ obligation . ”
Mr. Sarkozy said , “ This crime committed against Michel Germaneau will not go unpunished . ”
A retired engineer , Mr. Germaneau had been working for a humanitarian association when he was abducted in late April . His captors demanded freedom for Qaeda prisoners in France and elsewhere in exchange for his release . On July 11 , the group threatened to kill him if its conditions were not met within 15 days .
Photo
French officials , however , said the group had never offered more than vague demands and refused all efforts to negotiate .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Germaneau 's death was “ not preceded by the slightest beginnings of a dialogue with French or local authorities , ” Mr. Sarkozy said . Al Qaeda 's ultimatum , he said , was “ in fact no more than the announcement of a scheduled killing . ”
NEW DELHI : AAP released a fresh list of spokespersons on Tuesday . The obvious absentees were senior members Yogendra Yadav and Prashant Bhushan , both of whom were recently expelled from the national council and other committees after an ugly showdown . Other than 14 spokespersons from Delhi , the list has six new entrants from other states , in line with the party 's more immediate plans for national expansion.Punjab , which is the next state after Delhi that AAP wants to foray into , has found two representatives in the list , MP Bhagwant Mann and lawyer H S Phoolka . Actor Gul Panag is expected to be added to the party 's list of television panelists.Odisha is being represented by Nishikant Mohapatra while Prithvi Reddy from Karnataka is the spokesperson from south . Akshay Hunka from Madhya Pradesh and Preeti Sharma Menon from Mumbai will be the representatives from central and west India.Other than parliamentary affairs committee members Sanjay Singh , Kumar Vishwas , Pankaj Gupta and Iliyas Azmi , the list has four Delhi MLAs . These include Saurabh Bharadwaj , Alka Lamba , Kapil Mishra and Adarsh Shastri . Deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia and transport minister Gopal Rai will no longer be official spokespersons as the party believes they they need to focus on governance in Delhi.Interestingly , missing from the list is Atishi Marlena . `` Despite the mess in the party recently , she has not been in the picture at all and away on vacation . For the time being , she has not been included in the list of spokespersons , '' said a source.The others in the list include Ashutosh , Ashish Khetan , Dilip Pandey , Rahul Mehra , Richa Pandey Mishra and Raghav Chadha .
The Del Mar Fairgrounds belong to the State of California , but what happens there has a major impact on neighboring communities in San Diego .
A plan to have more local control over the Del Mar Fairgrounds is before San Diego County Supervisors this week .
Back in 2010 , the tiny City of Del Mar offered to buy the Fairgrounds from the state for $ 120 million . That deal fell through but residents of Del Mar , Solana Beach and north San Diego would still like more say in future developments there .
The County has been in discussion with the Fair Board and come up with a plan for a Joint Powers Authority .
Supervisor Dave Roberts , who represents that district , said the Fairgrounds generate jobs and economic activity , but also noise and traffic .
“ Currently , the nine members on the Fair Board are appointed by the Governor in Sacramento , '' Roberts said . “ So there has n't always been that connection with the local impact . I think adding five seats appointed by the County Board of Supervisors will help . ”
Dave Roberts said some of his constituents would like to see members from neighboring cities , such as Del Mar and Solana Beach , appointed to the new Joint Powers Authority .
However , that 's not in the plan before the Supervisors on Tuesday at 9 am . The proposal by Supervisors Greg Cox and Ron Roberts would allow each of the five supervisors to nominate one member to the Joint Powers Authority , even though the Fairgrounds is not in the district they represent .
The partnership would leave most of the day-to-day operation of the Fairgrounds as they are now . For matters not related to personnel , the Joint Powers Authority would operate according to county policy .
To view PDF documents , Download Acrobat Reader .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The ocean 's culinary delights look pristine on our tables : peeled , processed and sterile . Now Western consumers are getting a taste of the human drudgery in the dregs of the supply chain . Ad Policy
News reports have surfaced of enslavement in the fisheries of Thailand . Men have reportedly been forced to work at boats for as many as twenty hours a day ; disciplined with beatings , sometimes murders ; often physically held captive on boats and at ports ; and further preyed upon by usurious debts . The industry employs an estimated 650,000 , with roughly 270,000 migrants on Thai fishing boats . Many have been trafficked from two poorer , less stable neighbors , Myanmar and Cambodia . Despite widespread reports of abuse and forced labor , regulatory bodies are weak and riddled with corruption , and we may never know how many have been subjected to this ferocious exploitation in order to keep our freezers stocked .
In a study by the UK-based Environmental Justice Foundation ( EJF ) , which documented extraordinary brutality on the fishing vessels , a trafficking survivor described the mechanics of modern-day captivity at sea :
“ We had no choice . There was nowhere to flee ; we were surrounded by the sea . After we arrived back to the shore , we were locked inside the room guarded by their men ; there were too many of them . So the workers had to take one trip after another , without having a choice . ”
The processing of human beings begins on shore with debt bondage , as EJF explains , “ Many migrant fishers are sold to boat owners for what is known as ka hua , the price paid which the worker must pay off before receiving any wages . This can leave many fishers working for months or even years without pay . ”
Their status as a commodity in a complex global trade leaves them variously disenfranchised : they 're simultaneously trapped in primitive conditions , yet their labor is governed by a fast-moving , technology-driven market run by “ first world ” monopolies .
Thailand 's $ 7.3 billion fishing-export industry is major international market , yielding hundreds of thousands of tonnes of seafood each year . But it 's also rife with illegal and environmentally destructive fishing practices , which have severely depleted fish stocks and undermined the oceanic ecosystem as well as the fishing economy . The whole regional industry embodies the kind of neoliberal profiteering embedded in the global seafood industry ( one study estimates that 20 to 32 percent of wild-caught seafood imports to the United States is illegally traded ) .
Migrant workers from Myanmar work on a fishing boat before sailing out of the port of Mahachai . ( Reuters/Damir Sagolj )
A large portion of Thailand 's catch is considered “ trash fish ” which also enters the supply chain after being processed into fishmeal and then indirectly fed to other fish stocks . The Guardian recently traced this fishmeal to the prawns sold in “ leading supermarkets around the world , including the top four global retailers : Walmart , Carrefour , Costco and Tesco. ” The main purveyor of fishmeal from slave-staffed boats , Thailand-based Charoen Pokphand ( CP ) Foods , has also directly sourced ready-to-eat prawn to UK outlets .
Meanwhile , investigators with the US State Department and various watchdog groups have criticized the Thai government 's deeply inadequate enforcement ; prosecutions for labor trafficking on fish boats are extremely rare , with just a handful of formal investigations in 2010 and 2011 . Even the workers who are “ rescued ” must endure a gauntlet of legal bureaucracy and in many cases , indefinite detention , which can drag on for weeks or months and often fails to protect the impoverished and isolated workers from their former captors .
Following the reports of labor abuses , the industry issued boilerplate expressions of concern . Several multinationals vowed to work harder to follow ethical sourcing guidelines and improve supply-chain monitoring .
At the same time , Thai officials continue to crack down on the migrants , rather than their captors , targeting undocumented Burmese and Cambodians and spurring an exodus back across the porous border .
So far , these political responses sidestep , or potentially impede , the prospect of workers themselves—that is , those most impacted by these mass human rights violations—to change the industry . Deeming them “ slaves ” helps convey the gravity of the exploitation , but it also has the effect of dehumanizing or compartmentalizing the issue , rather than locating the structural inequalities and gradients of exploitation throughout the industry .
However , there are worker-led structures in place that can wage a meaningful challenge against both the criminal trafficking underground and the legal plunder of the ocean economy . In fact , there is a long tradition of radical maritime unionism . In the early twentieth century , dock and ship workers were at the helm of militant internationalist labor campaigns , organizing at key trade chokepoints across global ports . But in Thailand today , less than 5 percent of the workforce is unionized , and many , particularly undocumented migrants , lack real collective bargaining rights . In the fisheries , EJF Executive Director Steve Trent tells The Nation via e-mail , “ the prospect of meaningful workplace representation is even more remote… . Workers on piers and fishing boats complain that grievances have to be channeled through gangmasters—the same individuals often responsible for their abuse and exploitation in the first place—who are typically bi-lingual and free to mediate between the management and workers according to their own interests . ”
Though lax regulation and huge consumer demand help Western retailers to prosper while suppressing labor costs , conversely , empowering workers would not only help remedy the gravest abuses but also ensure the industry 's sustainability in the long term .
Migrant workers from Myanmar clean a fishing net as they sail out of the port of Mahacha . ( Reuters/Damir Sagolj )
Trent says policymakers need to understand “ the clear link between illegal fishing , declining fish stocks and human rights abuses. ” Environmental stewardship can provide a more sustainable economic balance in the ecosystem . Better management of catch rates would mean less pressure for long , arduous and high-risk forays into foreign waters . So by restoring some ecological balance , the ocean economy becomes more sustainable , less risky and less prone to labor exploitation .
Liz Blackshaw , leader of the ITF-IUF ( International Transport Workers ' Federation–International Union of Food Workers ) Catcher to Counter program ) , says that so far efforts to regulate the fishing industry have n't linked sustainability measures with corporate accountability . “ If you look at the policy framework in this industry , the majority of it is in place to safeguard the catch not the catchers , ” she explains via e-mail . Effective international labor accords or trade regulations would trace the product and the labor to corporate actors .
In ITF-IUF campaigns in the Asia Pacific region , Blackshaw says , “ the challenge is to find a way to organize that incorporates different facets ” of a fractured contract-based production system . For example , one approach might be to start with organizing cannery workers , using their demands to anchor a baseline for working conditions , and then “ work backwards along the supply chain to the fishing fleet. ” A pilot project based on this model has made some inroads in Papua New Guinea 's embattled maritime sector , where the union says that incremental organizing around wages and infrastructure have helped advance labor reforms , including measures to raise the minimum wage .
In addition to strengthening international monitoring of the industry , workers can organize at the grassroots on multiple fronts—consolidating consumer support for human rights , environmentalists ' focus on sustainability , and cross-sector labor organizing .
In Blackshaw 's view , “ we are now at a point where we could start calling for consumer boycotts , revocation of fishing licenses for breaches of fundamental rights ; demanding safety inspections for trade purposes , etc . We can not organize this industry vessel by vessel ; plant by plant , we have a sophisticated and systematic model for organizing which is already introducing a labour narrative into what has historically been a sustainability-only debate . ”
Until the seafood business starts valuing workers lives as much as it does the size of the catch , the precarious labor system on Thailand 's waters is destined to sink under its own weight .
1st Autonomous Electric Vehicle In Production Hits The Road !
May 16th , 2016 by Kyle Field
Introducing the NAVYA ARMA Autonomous Shuttle Bus
Innovative vehicle company NAVYA has developed the first autonomous electric vehicle in the world that people can actually buy and use . The ARMA is purpose built to serve as a shuttle bus or taxi and is already being used out in the field with real customers and real passengers .
The ARMA accomplishes this with a combination of GPS , LIDAR , and cameras — pretty standard stuff in the autonomous vehicle world ; though , what ARMA has accomplished is quite a feat . As the ARMA drives its route , it records the entire journey and , as it does so , it defines everything along the route — car , pedestrian , curb , etc , in order to drive the route with the highest level of accuracy and safety .
ARMA On the Job
The featured implementation of the ARMA is at the EDF Nuclear Plant of Civaux , where it replaced an antiquated diesel bus . Upgrading to an autonomous electric shuttle bus has turned the tour from a smelly , bumpy , noisy ride into a smooth , quiet journey that feels like it is something pulled forward from the future , or as one passenger said , it is “ like being on a magic carpet . ”
The halo effect is also important , as passengers touring the EDF Plant walk away from the autonomous shuttle with an improved perception of the plant itself because of the futuristic autonomous electric shuttle bus . As compared to the diesel bus it replaced , the new bus features no vibration ( it 's so smooooooth ! ) and very little noise .
Finally , in addition to providing a better rider experience , the NAVYA ARMA is delivering cost savings vs the previous diesel-powered bus — from reduced maintenance , lower fuel costs , and even the money saved from not having a driver . The ARMA can carry up to 15 passengers at a time and is already transporting over 1,100 people per year over the 220 hectare / 540 acre nuclear plant .
Take a look at the ARMA zooming around the power plant in the video below .
All images and video courtesy NAVYA
Expulsion From the Garden of Eden , by Massacio . Courtesy of Wikimedia Commons
This article originally appeared in New Scientist .
Entomologist E. O. Wilson is a professor emeritus at Harvard University and the founder of the E. O. Wilson Biodiversity Foundation . The extinctions we cause will kill us too , says the sociobiology pioneer—the best thing would be to eliminate religions , though not human spiritual yearning .
Your new book , The Meaning of Human Existence , addresses a huge question . What inspired you to tackle it ?
I think it 's time to be audacious . The central questions of religion and philosophy are three in number : Where do we come from , what are we , and where are we going ? Usually these are just the beginnings of long discussions , but that 's no longer the case . We now have a pretty good picture of how humanity arose in Africa , what intermediate forms existed , the rate at which these forms evolved , and the circumstances in which they evolved .
So I can say , right now , that of those three great questions , we have most of the answer for where we come from . And in this book I take up the question : What are we ? We 're starting to close in on that one . We need to know where we came from and what we are to have the self-understanding to sensibly plan where we 're going . Right now , we do n't have any idea where we 're going .
Would you say there is a lot of denial about where humanity is heading ?
Well , there 's immense disagreement . One of my favorite quotations is from the late French author Jean Bruller , who wrote under the pseudonym Vercors . He said that all of man 's problems derive from the fact that we do not know what we are , and can not agree on what to become .
So will you examine humanity 's future next ?
I 'm writing a trilogy . The first was The Social Conquest of Earth , which dealt with where we come from . The Meaning of Human Existence deals with what we are . And the final part , The End of the Anthropocene , will look at where we are going .
The major theme of that upcoming book will be that we are destroying Earth in a way that people have n't appreciated enough , and that we are eroding away the biosphere through species extinction , like the death of a thousand cuts . I want to examine the new ideology of the anthropocene—namely those who believe that the fight for biodiversity is pretty much lost and we should just go on humanizing Earth until it is peopled from pole to pole ; a planet by , of , and for humanity . It sounds good , but it 's suicidal .
Why is biodiversity loss suicidal for humans ?
The biosphere is an extremely complex system , and razor thin : If you look at it from the side , from orbit , you ca n't even see it with unaided vision . That 's where we live , and that 's what produced us , plastered on the surface of our planet . We were not just created separately in some manner and then lowered into the biosphere . Everything about us—our minds , our bodies—is conditioned to exist in those exact conditions created by our biosphere .
The beautiful equilibrium of the living world is a result of all the species , plants , animals , and microorganisms around us . As it is eroded away , the living world is almost certainly going to reach a tipping point where its equilibrium is going to decay and unravel . And when that happens , the whole thing collapses—and we collapse with it .
Why does our species seem to ignore scientific warnings about Earth 's future ?
I think primarily it 's our tribal structure . All the ideologies and religions have their own answers for the big questions , but these are usually bound as a dogma to some kind of tribe . Religions in particular feature supernatural elements that other tribes—other faiths— can not accept . In the United States , for example , if you 're going to succeed in politics , it 's a prerequisite to declare you have a faith , even if some of these faiths are rather bizarre . And what they 're saying is “ I have a tribe. ” And every tribe , no matter how generous , benign , loving , and charitable , nonetheless looks down on all other tribes . What 's dragging us down is religious faith .
Is atheism the answer ?
In fact , I 'm not an atheist—I 'm a scientist . Atheism is the belief that there is no god , and you declare there is no god : “ Come , my fellow atheists , let us march together and conquer those idiots who think there is a god—all these other tribes . We 're going to prevail . ”
I would even say I 'm agnostic because I 'm a scientist . Being an agnostic means saying , dogmatically , that we will never be able to know , so give it up . The important thing is that it appears that humans , as a species , share a religious impulse . You can call it theological , you can call it spiritual , but humans everywhere have a strong tendency to wonder about whether they 're being looked over by a god or not . Practically every person ponders whether they 're going to have another life . These are the things that unite humanity .
If humans have a built-in spiritual yearning , can we do anything about it ?
This transcendent searching has been hijacked by the tribal religions . So I would say that for the sake of human progress , the best thing we could possibly do would be to diminish , to the point of eliminating , religious faiths . But certainly not eliminating the natural yearnings of our species or the asking of these great questions .
You pioneered sociobiology and discovered pheromone-based communication . But is there a scientific conundrum that you wish you had been the one to crack ?
I would like to have discovered the structure of DNA , but a couple of Brits and an American beat me to it . Everybody would like to make a discovery like that . But the question I most want answered now is whether or not there 's life on other planets . I 've just got to know !
From all these big questions to the smallest creatures … I can not interview the world 's best-known ant expert without asking : Do you have a favorite ?
I do . It 's an ant called Thaumatomyrmex . In all my travels , I 've only seen three . They 're very rare . It has teeth on jaws that look like a pitchfork . The teeth are extremely long , and when it closes the jaws , they overlap . In at least one species , the teeth actually meet behind the head . So what does this monster eat ? What does it use those teeth for ? I just had to know , so I sent an appeal out to younger experts in the field , particularly in South America , where these ants are found .
Eventually they discovered the answer : It feeds on polyxenid millipedes . These millipedes have soft bodies , but they 're bristling all over like a porcupine . So the ant drives a spike right through the bristles and nails it . And what we had n't noticed is that the ant also has thick little brushes [ on some of its limbs ] , and members of the colony use these to scrub the bristles off—like cleaning a chicken—before dividing it up . That 's my favorite .
CALGARY – The lead architect of Alberta 's climate change plan says that despite some opposition , the initiative is helping shift the debate on the province 's biggest resource .
“ I think you 've seen a very different framing of the oilsands nationally and internationally , ” said Andrew Leach , who led Alberta 's climate change advisory panel .
It 's all part of a changing dialogue globally on greenhouse gas policy , he said in a recent interview , pointing to the Paris climate accord and a Canada-U.S. agreement on methane reductions .
“ It 's moved a long way just over the past year , and I think our work is part of that , and I think a lot of other people have played a role as well , but I think the conversation has moved a long way , ” said Leach .
Nonetheless , Leach says , Alberta 's action on climate change is n't going to suddenly open up export routes for oilsands crude .
“ What I do n't think anyone should have expected was that the carbon pricing question was the only thing affecting oilsands development , ” said Leach . “ The spill risk view , whether accurate or not , is still a perceived risk to people and it 's not going to change with carbon pricing in Alberta . ”
He says the 100 megatonne cap on oilsands emissions set by the province 's NDP government , while not part of his recommendations , sends the right signal .
“ It creates the tension in the system to say , look , if we want to grow barrels , we need to improve technology , and that 's the signal the world markets are sending anyway . For Alberta oilsands to grow , it has to lower its input costs and lower its environmental footprint , ” said Leach .
Since completing the report , Leach no longer has an official role on the provincial climate change file , but he 's been busy giving talks and sending out many thousands of tweets in defence of the plan .
He says he 's been frustrated by the critics who do n't consider the implications of alternative options , while the biggest misconceptions in the plan come from the electricity side because there are so many moving parts .
In recent weeks , there have been numerous reports about how Alberta 's climate change plan is making coal-fired power plants unprofitable and also that the plan will lead to skyrocketing electricity rates .
Leach says that he expects the plan to add about $ 12 to $ 13 in costs per megawatt hour for coal plants .
“ If you think that power prices are going to triple , then you 're not going to exit the market to avoid 12-dollar costs , ” said Leach . “ You ca n't have high prices for one argument and low prices for the purposes of another . ”
Leach says he 'll be looking to next week 's provincial budget to see details on the climate change plan , especially how the NDP government plans to manage the proceeds of the carbon pricing .
“ The structure of the consumer credit is a really important one that they 're going to need to define , how they 're going to cut against the regressive elements of a carbon price , ” said Leach .
———
Follow @ ibickis on Twitter
Image caption McCourt had a previous conviction for causing death by reckless driving
The Crown Office is to appeal against the `` unduly lenient '' sentence imposed on a man who killed two cyclists in separate incidents .
Gary McCourt was banned from driving for five years after being found guilty of causing the death of Audrey Fyfe , 75 , in Edinburgh in August 2011 .
He had been jailed for causing another cyclist 's death in 1985 .
The Crown said it was lodging an appeal against the most recent sentence , which cycle campaigners branded `` scandalous '' .
A statement from the Crown Office said : `` In cases of a serious nature , Crown Counsel will often consider whether the sentence imposed is within the range available to the sheriff in the exercise of his or her discretion .
`` Following careful consideration of the facts and circumstances of the case against Gary McCourt by Crown Counsel , we can confirm that the Crown will be lodging an appeal against the sentence on the grounds that it was unduly lenient .
`` The family of Mrs Fyfe have been kept advised of this decision and we will continue to update them as to any significant developments in the appeal process . ''
'Beyond comprehension '
Mrs Fyfe 's widower had lodged a complaint against McCourt 's sentence , which the family had described as `` beyond comprehension '' .
Her daughter , Linda Hamilton , welcomed news of the appeal .
She said : `` We are delighted this will be now reviewed and thank you to all of the people that emailed the Lord Advocate to support us . ''
Image caption Audrey Fyfe was killed while on her bike in August 2011
In April , a jury at Edinburgh Sheriff Court found McCourt guilty of causing Mrs Fyfe 's death by careless driving .
The trial had heard that the 49-year-old told police he `` clipped '' Mrs Fyfe 's back wheel at a junction .
The cyclist died two days after the collision , which took place between Portobello Road and Craigentinny Avenue on 11 August , 2011 .
In May , McCourt was banned from driving for five years and ordered to carry out 300 hours of community service by Sheriff James Scott .
Following his conviction , it emerged that McCourt had been jailed for two years in 1986 after being found guilty of causing another cyclist 's death by reckless driving .
Edinburgh man George Dalgity , 22 , was killed as he cycled along the city 's Regent Road , on 18 October 1985 .
Cycling charity , CTC , which had been campaigning for the sentence to be reviewed , said more than 6,000 people had written to the Lord Advocate in support of the appeal .
Secretary of CTC Scotland , Donald Urquhart , said : `` It is essential that the courts provide an appropriate degree of protection to all vulnerable road users and that that is reflected in the sentences handed down when careless and dangerous driving has been proved . ''
On this Thursday , Sept. 1 , 2011 , photo , Wal-Mart employees Jon Christians and Lori Harris take job applications and answers questions during a job fair at the University of Illinois Springfield campus in Springfield , Ill. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world 's largest retailer and nation 's largest private employer , said Tuesday , Jan. 15 , 2013 , it is making a pledge to boost its sourcing from domestic suppliers and hire more than 100,000 veterans . The plans were to be announced as part of an address by Bill Simon , president and CEO of Wal-Mart 's U.S. business , at an annual retail industry convention in New York . ( AP Photo/Seth Perlman )
Retail giant Walmart will open a small store on the campus of Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Ga. later this year .
Georgia Tech will be the second college to host a miniature Walmart , joining the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville store which opened in January .
The Walmarts on campus will have pharmacy services , basic groceries , general merchandise , check cashing and bill paying services . The UA location replaces a university-run pharmacy , Advertising Age reports .
According to the Dow Jones Newswires , the Georgia Tech location will be between 2,500 and 5,000 square feet , drastically smaller than the average 185,000 square feet at Super Walmart stores . The UA spot is 10,000 square feet .
The Georgia Tech store will be the smallest Walmart in the country , NBC News noted . ( By the way , Walmart president and CEO Mike Duke is a Georgia Tech alum . )
AdAge reports Walmart may be using these smaller versions as a way to get around zoning restrictions which have kept them out of major urban areas , such as New York City .
Walmart has also been the subject of protest recently for their stores selling assault weapons and ammunition .
Donald Trump thrives on turbulence and hard-fought battles and , as he has often said , he prizes his readiness to return every blow with one even harder than the one landed on him . This is the strategic context within which he has understood—and used—the law and the legal process . He has been the hyperactive litigant , quick to threaten and file lawsuits and convinced that he can use litigation and the law as another way to declare himself a winner . After all , he is the president who once proudly declared that he was “ like a PhD in litigation . ”
Now Trump seems poised to carry this same mode of operation into the defense of his presidency against what may be multiple investigations . He has hired as his lawyer for this very public challenge the same man who has supported him in his business representations—a lawyer whose professional web site notes approvingly his reputation of being the “ toughest of the tough guys . ”
Maybe because of the Watergate analogy , or the more recent experience with the Kenneth Starr investigation of President Clinton , we presume that a president under these circumstances would sensibly “ lawyer up. ” And Trump , like his predecessors , certainly has the right to defend himself . Yet in other , very material respects , this case is unlike the others . Trump 's defense—not to mention , the type of defense that Donald Trump most typically mounts—will present serious conflicts with his duties as President .
The focus of Watergate was a burglary and a cover-up ; for President Clinton , it was a personal relationship that he sought to conceal through false statements under oath and other , related allegations of obstruction of a legal proceeding . In neither case could it be suggested that in answering these charges , the presidents who faced these scandals had to choose between the requirements of their defense and the fulfillment of their basic and ongoing constitutional responsibilities as Chief Executives . Of course , both Nixon and Clinton could ( and did ) suffer in doing their jobs from the debilitating effects of an investigation . Both also had to manage along with their regular duties concurrent congressional inquiries on the same subject , culminating in a formal impeachment process . But this adverse effect on the discharge of their presidential responsibilities was largely indirect .
So when President Clinton said as the Lewinsky matter unfolded that he intended to stay focused on the public 's business , it was a plausible claim . Well known for a capacity for “ compartmentalization , ” Clinton could persuade the public that he could govern in its interest while dealing with his personal legal problems : that he could keep those problems from interfering with the conduct of his official duties .
Nixon 's case is more complicated : he brought his personal defense into the heart of government , attempting unsuccessfully to misuse the intelligence services in derailing the Watergate investigation . These public misdeeds were largely ancillary to his private , self-protective purposes . Nixon never needed to block or rig the outcome of a governmental process organized to address an independently significant challenge in the country 's national security or domestic affairs—one that required urgent attention irrespective of their effects on the president 's legal affairs .
Not so in Donald Trump 's case . The investigation now underway is by no means only about President Trump and his aides—the legal implications of what they did or intended . It is a counter-intelligence examination of Russian designs and programs to interfere in the United States political process . The issues under review extend beyond intentional wrongdoing to include possible Russian efforts to enlist the unwitting assistance of Americans inside or outside the Trump political inner circle . As President , Trump bears the ultimate responsibility for assuring a full , unfettered , and brisk ( albeit thorough ) exploration of a possible national security threat of extraordinary dimensions . Instead , having announced that it is a “ made-up story , ” and having fired the F.B.I Director who was taking it seriously , he has hired a lawyer— ” the toughest of the tough guys ” —to help defend himself against it .
Most narrowly , the President and his legal team will prepare to defend against any allegations of obstruction arising out of his own interventions . We should not begrudge or criticize Trump for arranging for this defense . But more broadly , and with profound implications for the investigation , a lawyered-up president will now dig in against its core objective , which is to say the very one the President has derided as “ made up ” —the legitimacy of the investigation into Russian collusion or compromising relationships with the president 's campaign , associates , family members and others . Mr. Trump 's main points against any charge of obstruction will include the denial that there has been a legitimate investigation to obstruct . He will continue to insist that the Comey , now the Mueller , inquiry is nothing more than a fairy tale “ made up ” by his political enemies . He and his lawyers will want to show that he lacked the motive for a cover-up and had no nefarious purpose in demanding the FBI 's Director 's loyalty and then dismissing him , or in enlisting the intelligence community 's help in ending the investigation . His legal defense and his discrediting of the Russia line of questioning are tightly connected .
So while as President , Mr. Trump is charged with getting to the bottom of the question of Russian activity or at least not getting in the way , Donald Trump as individual has a different , conflicting interest . This interest seem certain to drive him to limit his personal exposure , by limiting or carefully shaping his official support and cooperation , in the Russia matter .
This strategic imperative will ripple throughout the investigation . His lawyers will be in touch with lawyers for other witnesses , who have their own strategic choices to make in responding to the Special Counsel 's and Congress ' requests for interviews and for subpoenas . In this sort of investigation , wagons will circle . Counsel to various individuals swept up in this matter will normally enter into formal or informal “ joint defense ” arrangements . They will share information for their mutual benefit , including on the question of whether they will invoke the Fifth Amendment or testify , and on the content of any testimony they give .
This is not obstruction of justice . It is more or less standard white-collar criminal defense , and we can assume that the President and his legal team will conduct it in the no-holds-barred fashion in which Mr. Trump has taken pride .
The President sees the Russia investigations as a challenge to his election and his authority . It is a danger to family members , such as his son-in-law , who is now reported to be the White House senior aide of “ interest ” in the inquiry . It has damaged , and continues to embroil , a close associate and friend like Flynn , for whom the Mr. Trump has exhibited great personal concern . And it could , on facts not known or established , eventually threaten his personal legal interests .
However , to do what his urgent official duties require , Mr. Trump would have to forego resorting to much of the stock and trade of the hard-nosed legal defense . He would have to largely give up the staunch , scorched-earth defense of his political and legal interests , and of those of friends and family members . This is not how he typically operates , and not what we have seen in his behavior so far .
Now the President may and surely will reply that , in pronouncing the Russia controversy to be bogus , he is delivering a judgment in the national interest that , as Commander-in-Chief , he can not avoid making . A political motivated , contrived scandal serves only to cripple his presidency . It also interferes with major shifts in foreign policy he deems urgent , such as rebuilding a damaged relationship with Russia to allow for collaboration on matters of common interest . So , yes , he might say : he will do what he can to fight off this investigation as a metastasizing attack on his presidency .
The defect in this line of argument is that it ignores his Department of Justice 's conclusion that an independent review of the Russia matter is warranted and required , and a determination along similar lines by a Congress controlled by his own party . The executive and legislative branches are mostly united in the view that the question of Russian interference with U.S. political and governmental processes is not , in fact , bogus , even if much about this Russian activity—including its nature and seriousness—remains to be known . Moreover , the President 's insistence to the contrary is fatally infected with self-interest . It is hard to credit him with making an independent executive judgment , and whatever conclusion he has reached is not grounded in a thorough exploration of the facts that now falls to Congress and the Special Counsel to conduct .
It seems highly unlikely that the President sees or accepts this conflict of constitutional duty and private interests . But there may come a point when it can not be denied or ignored .
Perhaps the president , in theory anyway , would have the option of temporarily stepping down under the procedures of the 25th Amendment . He would not do so because he is ill or , in a medical sense incapacitated . He would make a concededly unanticipated use of the Amendment because he has this vitally important duty that he can not perform while pursuing his personal defense—in the terms of the Amendment , he is “ unable ” in these circumstances to “ discharge the … duties of his office . ”
But this choice on his part is unlikely in the extreme . This exceptional conflict will persist , with profound consequences for the course of this investigation and the future of his presidency .
By Jeffrey A. Roberts
CFOIC Executive Director
When Gov . John Hickenlooper signed Senate Bill 17-040 on Thursday , he ratified a long-overdue update to the Colorado Open Records Act , which had n't been modernized in more than 20 years .
The new CORA provision clarifies the public 's right to obtain digital public records in useful file formats that allow for searching or sorting . By making it easier to analyze government records , it will help Coloradans better understand how government works , how tax dollars are spent and how policies are made and implemented .
A separate CORA bill signed by Hickenlooper last month changes the open-records law in a subtler way . House Bill 17-1177 establishes what its primary sponsor called a “ cooling-off period ” when CORA disputes reach a point where litigation is being considered .
Here are some things to know about both measures , which go into effect Aug. 9 :
No more printouts
If public records are kept in “ sortable ” formats , you 'll be entitled to copies in sortable formats . So if you ask for records kept in a spreadsheet , you should be able to get them in a comma-separated-values ( CSV ) file , or in some other file format that can be easily imported into a spreadsheet or a database manager . No more printouts from spreadsheets unless that 's what you want .
Likewise , if public records are kept in “ searchable ” formats – emails , for instance – you 'll be entitled to copies in searchable formats . You might get a searchable PDF instead of an image-only PDF or a printout .
Some jurisdictions , like the city of Aurora , will have to reexamine their CORA policies and practices . Aurora 's current policy says : “ The City will choose the format in which to provide the public documents , and will provide the responsive information in a reasonably accessible form which does not alter the content of the information . The standard practice is to provide hard copies . ”
Duty to redact
Altering a public record to remove information that ca n't be disclosed under CORA will not constitute the creation of a new record . This language is intended to ensure that public records are n't withheld from a CORA requester because a data set also contains some confidential fields that must be deleted .
Not feasible
If it 's not “ technologically or practically feasible ” to delete confidential information from records or to provide records in searchable or sortable formats , the records will have to be provided in an “ alternate ” format or the custodian can issue a denial .
If a denial is challenged in court , existing CORA provisions will apply regarding the recovery of court costs and attorney fees . But if records are provided in an alternate format , and a court later finds they should have been provided in the requested format , attorney fees may be awarded only if the records custodian 's action was “ arbitrary and capricious . ”
The bill requires a records custodian to make “ reasonable inquiries ” before deciding that a request is not technologically or practically feasible . Presumably , he or she will have to run it by the government entity 's IT department or consultant . The custodian also will be required to declare in writing why the records ca n't be provided in the requested format .
Fees
The final version of SB 17-040 does n't specify how many jurisdictions may charge requesters for “ sortable ” or “ searchable ” records . Because CORA 's existing fee provisions wo n't change , we 'll have to see how governments apply charges for different types of requests .
Merely copying a spreadsheet or saving a file as a searchable PDF should fall under CORA 's “ research and retrieval ” provision , which allows records custodians to charge up to $ 30 per hour after the first hour . Requester groups hope the research-and-retrieval provision also covers simple tasks such as deleting confidential fields and exporting the remaining fields as a CSV file .
For more-complicated requests that require “ a manipulation of data , ” CORA allows records custodians to charge “ a reasonable fee ” not to exceed the actual cost of manipulating the data and generating the record .
No more misdemeanor
A long-standing misdemeanor for anyone who “ willfully and knowingly ” violates the open-records law will be gone from CORA . Lawyers with many years of experience handling open-records matters in Colorado ca n't recall anyone ever being prosecuted for this crime , which carried a penalty of up to 90 days in jail and a $ 100 fine .
No effect on police records
SB 17-040 only changes how CORA records are provided . Another statute , the Colorado Criminal Justice Records Act , governs the public inspection of records maintained by police departments , sheriff 's offices and other criminal justice agencies .
Cooling-off period
If you 're denied public records under CORA , you 'll have to wait 14 days – instead of three business days – to challenge the denial in court . During that time , the records custodian must speak with you in person or by phone “ to determine if the dispute may be resolved ” without litigation .
The required meeting may involve “ any method of dispute resolution , ” including the use of a professional mediator . But both parties must agree and share the cost .
If you have “ an expedited need ” for records , and explain why in writing , CORA 's three-day notice of intent to sue will still apply .
Follow the Colorado Freedom of Information Coalition on Twitter @ CoFOIC . Like CFOIC 's Facebook page .
Do you appreciate the information and resources provided by CFOIC ? Please consider making a tax-deductible donation .
Subscribe to CFOIC 's blog via email
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email
Print
Watch it Live in Australia , New Zealand , Canada , Russia , Japan , China , Hong Kong , Singapore , Across ASEAN , South America and Other Countries on CricketGateway.com
www.CricketGateway.com is the Official Digital Live Streaming Partner * of the VIVO Indian Premier League 2016
Watch IPL T20 Cricket 2016 Live in Full HD on www.CricketGateway.com or on the CricketGateway App on a Subscription Basis
Followon Interactive , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Global Sports Commerce , a pioneer in digitizing global sports content , including live scores , commentary , live video streaming , video on demand and more , is proud to be the Official Digital Live Streaming Partner * of the VIVO Indian Premier League 2016 .
“ Cricket is beyond just a sport for some ; it 's a way of life . And we want passionate cricket fans in countries with limited access to the game to watch it live on CricketGateway.com , ” said Mr. M S Muralidharan , Managing Director , Followon Interactive .
IPL T20 Cricket fans in 133 countries , including Australia , New Zealand , Canada , Malaysia , Hong Kong , Thailand , Indonesia , Japan , China , Korea , Vietnam , Philippines , Fiji , New Papua Guinea , Russia , Nepal , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka and Afghanistan , and in the South American region , who may otherwise have limited options to view the VIVO IPL 2016 , are invited to visit CricketGateway.com or download the app , and view all matches live , in full HD .
CricketGateway.com holds digital/mobile/video rights for VIVO IPL 2016 in 155 countries , outside of India , UK , USA , MENA and EU .
THE CRICKET GATEWAY APP
The Cricket Gateway 2016 App gives you full tournament coverage of all the action from MCL , PSL and Indian Premier League 2015 Including Live scores , Official Live Stream of the games , Match Highlights , Ball by Ball updates , Notification & Exclusive Videos .
MORE INFORMATION
About Followon Interactive
Followon is a sports fan empowerment and engagement solution , integrating multiple interactive consumer touch points such as smartphones , video screens , electronic scoreboards , in-stadia sponsorship signage , ticketing and more , into one seamless technology . Followon provides enriching match day experiences and more for spectators , increases brand engagement for sponsors , and creates incremental value for sports bodies .
About Global Sports Commerce
Global Sports Commerce Pte Ltd is a family of outfits spanningacross Auckland , Sydney , Singapore , Chennai , Dubai , Budapest , London , Baar/ Zurich , Johannesburg providing 360-degree solutions , sponsorship and services , and partners with iconic sports leagues such as ICC , IPL , AFL , CA , BBL , NZC , English Premier League , Bundesliga Football Clubs , RFU , WRU , SRU , IAAF , FINA , FIFA to deliver next-generation technology , bringing in unexplored commerce for the sports ecosystem .
Government workers and their union say that without whistleblowers and `` leakers '' the public would not learn about attempts by the head of the EPA , Scott Pruitt , for example , to actually destroy environmental protections . Pruitt , pictured here with President Trump , has made moves that harm the environment , moves that only became public because of `` leakers '' in his department . | Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
WASHINGTON—Without whistleblowing feds , there would have been no exposure of Richard Nixon 's crimes in Watergate .
Without a whistleblowing agent in its Minneapolis office , the FBI 's failure to “ connect the dots ” before the Sept. 11 , 2001 al-Qaeda terrorist attacks would have stayed secret .
And without several whistleblowers , whom their union defended against management retaliation , the Veterans Affairs Department 's managers would still be covering up their long wait times for patients .
Those items are among the evidence that David Cox , president of the largest union of federal workers presents as he once again is going to bat for whistleblowing feds .
Cox defended the whistleblowers in a mid-August blog just as both the GOP Trump administration and the GOP-run Congress head in the other direction – threatening whistleblowers rather than protecting them .
President Donald Trump routinely denounces ” leakers , ” and Trump Attorney General Jeff Sessions threatens their prosecution , Cox says . That 's on top of prior prosecutions by the Democratic Obama administration .
And Congress passed a Veterans Affairs Department law making protecting the whistle-blowers , a key function of the union , harder , robbing senior workers of due process rights .
“ As those three examples illustrate , federal workers serve as a vital watchdog against waste , fraud , abuse , and mismanagement occurring in our government agencies , ” Cox said .
“ Every civil servant takes an oath to support and defend the Constitution – and that includes ensuring our taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and to the benefit of the people .
“ That 's why the current war on whistleblowers waged by President Trump and others in his administration is not only disgraceful , but downright dangerous to our democracy . ”
It 's also dangerous to the planet , Cox says , as he focuses in on whistleblowers who defend the scientific consensus that human activity contributes to global warming .
“ We have a right to know Trump administration officials ordered U.S. Department of Agriculture employees to stop using terms like ‘ climate change ' and ‘ greenhouse gases ' — since it could be a deliberate attempt to discredit scientific evidence humans are contributing to our warming planet , ” Cox said .
“ But without USDA staff sharing those conversations with the press , we might still be in the dark . ”
And citizens have a right to know why Trump 's Interior Secretary involuntarily reassigned a career scientist who spoke publicly about the danger of climate change to the Alaskan native communities he served . The scientist was dumped into an accounting office .
“ And it 's in the public interest to know ” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt “ is pushing to undo dozens of environmental regulations , largely without the input of the agency 's scientists and other career employees . Yet we would n't know the scope of this regulatory rollback if EPA employees did n't come forward , ” Cox said .
“ Federal employees have a right – and even an obligation – to speak out on issues that affect taxpayers and citizens . And by the same token , journalists are just doing their job when they reach out to federal workers for information on the activities of political appointees , ” Cox said . The only exceptions , he admitted , would be in obvious cases of classified information or jeopardy to national security .
“ A free and open press is one of the fundamental tenets of our democracy . So is having a non-political civil service that 's beholden to taxpayers , not their political bosses .
“ Whistleblowers are n't the problem . But the White House 's preoccupation with them certainly is , ” Cox concluded .
Maybe you 've heard about Sports Illustrated 's exciting new Lance Armstrong feature . At bottom , it 's a story about a corrupt man who gets away with cheating because the people who 'd ordinarily police it have decided to look the other way .
Which is to say , it 's a story about Jeff Novitzky , federal drug warrior .
Before we get to that , let 's remember that the history of the sport we 're talking about here is more or less the history of doping . From the end of the 19th century to the present day , competitive cyclists have injected , swallowed , or otherwise consumed for the purposes of performance enhancement wine , brandy , whiskey , Champagne , horse ointment , strychnine , cocaine , cocaine metabolites , cannabis , nitroglycerin , chloroform , aspirin , amphetamines , solucamphre , ronicol , nicotinyl alcohol tartrate , peripheral vasodilators , palfium , fencamfamine , coramine , cortisone , pemoline , tetracosactide , ritalin , probenecid , celestone , amineptine , HGH , HCG , EPO , bromantan , bronchodilators , clenbuterol , ephedrine , norbolethone , probenecid , norandrosterone , noretiocholanolone , Aranesp , heptaminol , nicethamide , phentermine , clostebol , carphedone , stanozolol , prednisolone , prednisone , triamcinolone acetonide , metelonone , benzoylecgonine , methylecgonine , triamcinolone acetonide , salbutamol , salmeterol , finasteride , dehydroepiandrosterone , methylhexanamine , methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta , and powdered boar testicles . To name a few .
Advertisement
Abusing any of these substances is probably very bad for you . So is pedaling a bike really fast up a very big mountain , day after day ( an activity , incidentally , that is every bit as unnatural as anything on WADA 's naughty list ) . As long as the sport requires its athletes to push themselves to the outer limits of their aerobic capability , those athletes will respond by exploring the outer limits of modern pharmacology . We know that 15 of the last 23 Tour de France winners , counting Armstrong , have `` doped '' in one way or another . So when Sports Illustrated asks , `` Was the miracle a mirage ? '' it 's indulging in a lot of sham naivete about the essential nature of Armstrong 's sport ( and about sports in general ) . Is there anyone over the age of 10 who truly believes that a multi-cycle chemo patient with one nut is steaming all over the Alps without some sort of `` unnatural '' help ?
Jeff Novitzky 's Scalps
Five sports figures whose lives have been touched by the federal agent ( click images )
Advertisement
All this would be just another harmless tic of a sports media that exists in a perpetual state of violated innocence if the SI story were n't also propping up the work of Jeff Novitzky . If you 're unfamiliar with Novitzky , he is the former IRS agent who did n't exactly cover himself in glory the last time around but who is nevertheless heading up the FDA 's investigation into Armstrong . He has behaved far more atrociously than any cyclist poking himself with a needle , and he has done it with the implicit and explicit encouragement of a media that should be bird-dogging his every move . In another life , Novitzky would 've been digging through Dalton Trumbo 's garbage . In this one , he has walked all over the best parts of the Bill of Rights in a flagrantly illegal raid of a drug testing facility and then very likely leaked the famous names harvested in that raid to certain eager reporters , which is also flagrantly illegal . This is n't just about cheating in sports . There are real stakes . Thanks to Novitzky , and thanks to the Ninth Circuit cannibalizing itself , and thanks in no small part to the worst instincts of the Obama Administration , we 're now well on our way to an Information Age precedent governing plain-view searches that pretends there 's no difference between a dime bag on the kitchen table and the easily sorted cells of a spreadsheet . Madison wept .
You can reasonably argue that Armstrong 's cheating is an important story , especially given the fierceness of his denials and all that Nike-sponsored self-martyrdom over the years . I can understand the logic , even if I do n't agree . But why are n't Novitzky 's crimes — which , you know , actually matter in real life — just as big of a deal ? Why are sportswriters not only ignoring his cheating but essentially consecrating it under large headlines ? If it was n't obvious already , the War on PEDs is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the War on Drugs , and this one is likewise being covered by a captive media writing the same kind of stories featuring the same kind of Joe Fridays and the same kind of selective righteousness . Novitzky is running an old con on a grand scale , and Sports Illustrated and The New York Times and many , many others have willingly become the publicity arm of an operation that 's more deeply crooked than Barry Bonds or Lance Armstrong ever were .
The Critic-Proofing Of Lance Armstrong The ad you see here is the new Lance Armstrong spot for Nike , which would be merely standard-issue , … Read more Read
Advertisement
The Case Against Lance Armstrong [ Sports Illustrated ]
Top image by Jim Cooke
The FES Watch , an e-paper timepiece developed by a Sony subsidiary , first broke cover a year ago on Japanese crowdfunding site Makuake . Since then it 's expanded to Sony 's own crowdfunding portal First Flight , and this month it 'll finally see a release — albeit a limited one — in Japanese stores .
The MoMA Design Store on Omotesando will carry the FES Watch from this Saturday , while Isetan in Shinjuku — the boutique department store that Apple used for the Apple Watch launch — will sell it from December 1st . In choosing these two locations , Fashion Entertainments , the Sony subsidiary producing the FES Watch , is clearly taking a design- and style-first approach to the release of its first product ; Tokyo 's countless electronics stores are being left out for now .
The FES watch — which really is just a watch , not a smartwatch — will be sold through the Japanese MoMA online store , too , and it 's also still available through First Flight with shipping set for Saturday . Sony is n't revealing anything about a wider release except to say that it plans to bring the FES Watch to other stores in time . The watch sells for a tax-inclusive price of ¥29,700 , or about $ 242 .
iStock
Do you ever get the feeling that the people you follow on social media are more popular and active than you are ?
Unfortunately , this is probably not your imagination . Due to a strange social phenomenon , chances are that you 're right . Those you follow-on Twitter likely have a larger following than you do , as research recently published in the journal PLOS ONE shows .
The finding is evidence of a fascinating , broader phenomenon that sociologists call “ the friendship paradox. ” The basic idea is that people are likely to have fewer friends than their friends do , on average .
Strange as that may seem , the principle is well-established , and it has wide ranging effects . It 's the reason why the people you see in the gym seem to be more in shape than you are and why your sexual partners seem to be more experienced than you are . It 's why people experience both national parks and college classes as more crowded than they actually are on average .
[ A quick puzzle to tell whether you know what people are thinking ]
How can this be true ? Let 's look at the original example , the idea that your friends are likely , on average , to have more friends than you do .
It sounds strange , but the principle actually has an intuitive explanation . People who have more friends are more likely to be among your friends than people who have fewer friends .
The problem is that , by surveying your friends , you 've created what statisticians called a “ biased sample. ” People with few friends are less likely to be among your friends than they are among the general population . To put it another way , the odds of being friends with someone who has more friends are greater than the odds of being friends with someone who has fewer friends . You can see how this might work out mathematically in the diagram below .
Ana Swanson , Wonkblog
Often , everyone but the most popular people have fewer friends than their friends do .
This is the same reason why the people you see at the gym are likely to be more in shape than you are – the reason you see them so much and that they 're more in shape than you is because they spend a lot of time at the gym . It 's why academics who co-author a paper are likely to notice that their co-authors have authored more publications than them -- people who author a lot of papers are more likely to write a paper with you . It 's why your sexual partners may have had more sexual partners than you – people who are sexually active are more likely to be in the dating pool .
This principle is also why people tend to experience beaches and parks as more crowded than they actually are – you 're more likely to be at a beach or a park at a time when other people are there , too . And it 's also why college students tend to experience the mean size of their classes as being slightly larger than the mean size at the school overall .
The new research on social media networks shows that this general idea holds for the number of Twitter followers than people have , as well as their influence . The research examines two datasets , one of which contains over 470 million tweets by over 18 million users , and another with over 200 million tweets from 5.8 million users .
The paper attributes these trends to the hierarchical nature of connections through social media . It 's not just that there are a few connections who tend to be very popular , and thus raise the average – it 's a more widespread and systematic phenomenon . People tend to follow those who have more activity and influence than they do .
You might think this tendency drops as you approach the top of the pyramid , toward those Twitter users with the most activity and influence . Yet even the users with the most followers still tend to follow other people who , on average , have more followers than them . Even those who rank in the top 0.05 percent of Twitter users in terms of their popularity or activity experience this phenomenon , the paper says . For most people , a majority of their connections will be more active than they are .
You might also like :
The real reason some people end up with partners who are way more attractive
When to stop dating and settle down , according to math
Your reaction to this confusing headline reveals more about you than you know
Why Black Weirdos Are Real and a Postracial Society Is Not THEESatisfaction Provide a New Socially Meaningful Way of Thinking About Race in Our Times
Clockwise from upper left : musician Cat Harris-White , musician Erik Blood , filmmaker Terence Nance , and jewelry artist Asia Catherine Clarke .
The idea that we live in a postracial society became popular when America elected its first black president , and it died on the day George Zimmerman was acquitted of killing Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black youth . Before this acquittal , many thought that Barack Obama was clear evidence that the old and massive institution of racism had finally been demolished . How was it possible for a racist society to place a black man in the highest political office in the world ? Clearly , skin color no longer mattered . What counted instead was the content of a person 's character . Martin Luther King Jr. 's dream had reached the promised land . America patted itself on the back and began looking for other examples to reinforce this perception of postraciality : There was the popularity of the first lady ; there was Lady Gaga , a huge white pop star managed by a black man , Troy Carter , a venture capitalist , who , like Paul Allen , invested in Silicon Valley start-ups ; and there was Django Unchained , a box-office hit about a rebellious black slave who is granted the amazing power to kill white slave owners , a film directed by the father of the postracial aesthetic , Quentin Tarantino .
The feeling at the core of the postracial moment was that the slate had been cleaned , history no longer exerted the painful influence that it once did , and those ugly little incidents that occasionally appear in the papers—like when the white officer arrested Henry Louis Gates , a prominent black scholar , for trying to enter his own house—were nothing more than glitches or bugs in the new cultural software . There was also the feeling that black Americans were no longer confined to their socially assigned categories ( professional basketball or football , rap or R & B music , comedy TV shows or movies ) . In the postracial moment , a black man or woman could lead an indie rock band or be a skateboarder , or ice skater , or golfer , or CEO of a major corporation . The opposite was also seen as true for white men and women—they could be rappers and R & B singers , live in the hood , and freely participate in the invention and elaboration of black English expressions . Then Zimmerman killed Martin for no other reason than he looked like trouble , and trouble looked like it had always looked in this society : a young black man wearing a hoodie . This incident , and the ensuing acquittal of the killer , exposed once and for all the actual status of postraciality : It is a myth .
`` The aftermath of the Zimmerman trial shattered any lingering notion—especially for younger generations who missed out on the civil rights era—that we are living in a postracial America where racial divisions have become a nonfactor in society , '' wrote Jordan Fabian on Fusion.net . `` Almost every step of the trial was tinged with some of America 's oldest and deepest racial taboos . There 's evidence that many parents , especially white ones , try to avoid conversations about sensitive racial matters with their kids to raise awareness of these issues . But others decided that this was as good a time as any to have that talk . ''
But here is the thing : As a culture , black Americans have not been static ; they have undergone big and important changes , such as a notable increase in the adoption and remixing of a variety of regional and international cultural practices . And some of these practices have even been traditionally coded as being specific to white American culture . In this regard , I 'm reminded of a story that our paper 's hiphop critic , Larry Mizell Jr. , once told/posted about how his deep admiration for the very white punk band Black Flag surprised a white woman who worked at the Queen Anne Trader Joe 's . What was surprising was precisely her surprise . What planet did she live on ? That 's how white Queen Anne must be—the people there are so culturally isolated that they are still trying to wrap their heads around the idea that a black person just might prefer Kurt Cobain to MC Hammer . True , there was a time when black punk bands like Bad Brains were complete freaks of nature . But in our time , such bands are just cool . So we have a situation where blackness is culturally more open than ever , and yet the prison of racism operates night and day . Postracial thinking can only provide some explanation for the former but none for the latter . What is the solution to this state of things ? I offer Black Weirdo .
Cat and Stas
Black Weirdo began as the name of the parties and events produced by the hiphop duo THEESatisfaction—Stasia `` Stas '' Irons and Catherine `` Cat '' Harris-White—in Seattle and Brooklyn . `` It was a gathering where we played music that we liked or had DJs that we liked , '' explains Cat over the phone . `` That 's pretty much how it started , in our apartments . But then our apartments got too small , and so we moved these parties to larger venues . Our first big one happened in Brooklyn in the summer of 2012 . It sold out . A 400-capacity space in Brooklyn completely sold out . And ever since then [ be it in Seattle or Brooklyn ] , they have sold out . ''
During the first half of this year , Black Weirdo also became a series , `` Black Weirdo of the Week , '' on the blog run by Stas and Cat . And it is in this series that we find a more meaningful framework for thinking about our moment than postraciality . The series profiles artists who are seen as exemplifying Black Weirdness . Some of the artists are musicians ( John E Daise ) , or art historians ( Kimberly Drew ) , or filmmakers ( Terence Nance ) . Some are famous ; some are not . Some live in Seattle , some live in other parts of the US , some live in other countries . What unifies them is that Stas and Cat admire what they do and how they express themselves . `` What the blog is about is giving people we like an opportunity to be themselves ... We are not Donald Trump . We are not billionaires or millionaires or some other number . We ca n't imagine doing things that way , '' says Cat , who with Stas makes a very unique form of hiphop that combines low-tech ( or unadorned ) singing and rapping with beats that are to catchy soul tunes what punk is to catchy rock . `` This is how we do our own thing ... Now , first of all , we do n't care for a limited definition of blackness . Ours is very broad . There are a lot of blacks doing very different things . There is a lot of variety . And all of this creativity is not new . It 's been around for a long time . ''
One of the questions that Stas and Cat ask their Black Weirdos is : `` Why do you consider yourself a Black Weirdo ? '' One answer , Terence Nance 's , is : `` I come from and operate within the vast and infinite Universe that is Blackness , and a wise and beautiful goddess I used to date once told me that the first word in the definition of 'Weird ' in the OED is 'Magical , ' and Art-Making is nothing if not Magic . '' Anyone who has watched Nance 's movie An Oversimplification of Her Beauty or his video/short film for Cody Chesnutt 's `` 'Til I Met Thee '' knows that he is all about the vastness of blackness . Anything can go into it and anything can come out of it . For him , and all other Weirdos of this kind , being black also means being unlimited .
So Black Weirdo captures the black openness that so surprised the white Queen Anne woman . But , and this is very important ( and precisely where it departs with the notion of postracialism ) , it also does not forget the racism of the past or miss the racism of today . `` There is no postracial society , '' Cat states with no hesitation or ambiguity . `` It might exist somewhere , but this society is not it . I 'm still categorized by the amount of melanin in my skin . Because of that , there still has to be a racial existence . ''
Erik Blood
Erik Blood , a local producer who has worked with the Moondoggies , Shabazz Palaces , and THEESatisfaction , and also released his own albums , thinks of the phrase `` postracial '' as the `` desire for white liberals to somehow overcome history , the negative portions of it , and particularly the treatment of African Americans and Africans . But what 's funny to me is Obama gets elected and it has a huge historical implication , it 's an important event . But when something wonderful happens for the black community , it does not erase history . '' Blood 's own albums , by the way , have almost nothing in common with his hiphop work for Shabazz Palaces and others , and a lot in common with the gorgeous late-rock of My Bloody Valentine and early 1990s post-punk . ( I rate his most recent album , Touch Screens , an indie rock masterpiece . ) Blood is `` Black Weirdo of the Week 5 . '' Our talk happens in a crowded cafe , Pettirosso . `` It 's funny that the postracial thing often means we are free to make racist jokes . It 's an odd sentiment . But even if it were true , even if we were all equal , it 's strange that for these people , equality means putting other people down . ''
Erik Blood 's Black Weirdness is in some ways a resolution to a racially complicated ( or racially rich ) upbringing in Tacoma . He grew up a light-skinned black kid who was seen as odd by white kids and seen as not-black by black kids . At first , he embraced his blackness , wore African medallions , and read Elijah Muhammad . But he never found a home in Afrocentrism . `` When you are an adolescent seeking a place in the greater society , and also throw in the fact that you are gay , you might end up in the place I 'm in now , which is something like a ghost . I float around like a ghost . ''
Asia Catherine Clarke
`` Hells-no we do not live in a postracial society . I feel that anyone suggest so either has the privilege not to notice or be affected by it , or is using things like ... interracial marriage or Barack Obama as an excuse to put tape over the mouths of people fighting for true equality and justice . There are unjust power structures and institutions with deep roots for generations back in our society to be removed before a true postracial society is possible . '' This is the Toronto-based jewelry artist Asia Catherine Clarke speaking . We are communicating on Facebook Messenger . She is `` Black Weirdo of the Week 2 . '' She holds a BA in environmental studies . Her enterprise , called Wild Moon Jewelry , makes and distributes necklaces , earrings , rings that not so much recall the past but a kind futuristic communalism , a future where the simplicities of village life in the past are reunited with the complexities of our urban present . At the time of our exchange , she is visiting Dominica . To my question `` What does Black Weirdo mean to you ? '' Asia provides an answer that captures the Black Weirdo sense of being socially , historically , biologically black and yet not being confined by it as an artist .
`` I first look at what it means to me to be black . The best way I can describe what I feel on a spiritual level is that I am proud to be born with skin that absorbs the sun 's powerful rays , that it complements my surroundings , and that it allows me to belong in such beautiful communities all around the world through diasporas . And when I look at other black people , especially in the dark , I feel that there is magic before me . Our shared pain of racial violence is not the only thing that being black means to me , but I feel it important to note because I do feel emotionally affected by racism and the examples of racially motivated contempt and disrespect to black bodies . I would say I am a Weirdo because I am . I make jewelry my own way , talk my own way , express myself without inhibition , I trust my intuition , and I take risks . ''
A Black Constellation
What Black Weirdo finally exposes is that the whole postracial thing was not really about black people . It was about white people , and particularly those on the liberal side of the political spectrum . Postracialism represented their feelings for the kind of society they wanted to live in but did not exist . The danger of this well-meaning feeling is that , in content , it became for white liberals what the dismantling of affirmative action was to whites on the right : a denial of the persistence of racism in this society . Black Weirdos , on the other hand , are about black people and the black experience , and they celebrate their differences . They are a differentiated unity , a black constellation . Like Orion in the sky , they occupy the same cultural place , but they 're different stars .
'The Familiar Vol . 2 ' Is Better , Stronger ... Weirder
The Familiar Into the Forest by Mark Z. Danielewski Paperback , 829 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
I ... do n't know what to say about this .
Ten minutes ago , I finished Mark Z. Danielewski 's The Familiar , Volume Two : Into The Forest and my brain is n't quite right yet . Not quite entirely back in my skull from wherever it is brains go when they get into the serious weird stuff and the heavy stuff and stories that exist right on the raw edge of being more than stories . More than books , but also less .
Six months ago , I reviewed the first book in this series ( by the guy who rocked the fusty book world with House Of Leaves , that darling of typesetters and font-nerds everywhere ) and said it was almost ( but not quite ) that mythical book that would kill the book . The missing link between graphic novels and actual novels , between plain old boring words on a page and something much , much stranger .
That book was 900 pages , about a girl going out with her father to get a dog . And then not getting a dog , but getting a cat instead ( which was not just a cat and , somehow , more than a cat , too ) . There were also drug dealers and mystics , conspiracy theories and cavemen . But really , it was a story about a girl ( Xanther ) getting a cat . It was a 900-page-long Chapter 1 for a series promising 27 volumes .
Now we have Volume 2 ( Chapter 2 , really ) and it is somehow , remarkably , amazingly , almost impossibly better . More confident and self-assured . More consistent in its chaos — its flurry of parentheticals , its screwball layout with words scattered and made into shapes , its glossy insertions of counter-textual material ( pictures and illustrations , un-mated parentheses used as raindrops spattering the page ) . It is the story of Xanther and her cat-thing again . This ancient kitten , rescued from a storm drain during an apocalyptic downpour , brought now into her home where it is forever dying of ... something . Of hunger , I guess , even as Xanther makes the feeding of it her entire life ; the focus of her universe .
And the thing that 's better is maybe my brain ( less shocked , more willing to bend to Danielewski 's will ) . Now I kinda recognize that every character in The Familiar has a signifying color and their own font and a certain way their type is set . Diving back into the visual language is easier the second time around , absolutely .
But maybe it 's also Danielewski who has gotten better . Cleaner . The Familiar has nine storylines occurring simultaneously — nine narrators and nine distinct voices and nine different styles — but connections between them have begun to develop . The massive , clotted , recursive use of nested parentheses and brackets ( which drove me a little bonkers last time ) is now a thing mostly for Astair , Xanther 's mother , to perfectly illustrate her distraction , the multiple trains of thought tearing through her , her worries over her family , her husband , her daughter , herself .
The cat ( or whatever ) is hungry . Always . Xanther is hungry . Always . When she leaves it ( for school , a trip to the beach , to sleep ) , it withers , and Xanther herself gets sick — feels like she is going to burst into flames — only to recover the minute she has the cat back in her hands again . They are feeding on each other somehow . Bad things are happening .
That 's the plot . Boom , done . Except not really , because Danielewski is deliberately using this stone-simple through-line of a girl , a cat , a family , as a clothesline from which he can hang ten thousand freak-outs . And where , in Volume 1 , they sometimes seemed indulgent and disconnected and , occasionally , at worst , like LOOK AT ME BEING SO GODDAMN CLEVER literary showboating , that has burned away now .
Danielewski is deliberately using this stone-simple through-line of a girl , a cat , a family , as a clothesline from which he can hang ten thousand freak-outs .
Mostly .
Blood and death and bullying and videogames and hunger — starving , aching hunger . That 's Volume 2 . The Singapore street hustlers , car chases , magical orbs and end-of-the-world visions crawling up out of the margins ? That 's just spice . Something extra . Within the trio of Xanther , Astair and Anwar ( her father ) , the domestic story is beautifully rendered and painfully sad . And always , it drips with menace . With the sense that not only is something not right here , but maybe nothing is right . In the shells of stories that surround them , there were pages I could n't read . Passages I glossed through in a kind of fugue state — incapable of taking in any more strangeness . But Xanther 's story held it together . I have never worried so much for a character as I did for her in the final pages and , honest to God , I 'm not even entirely sure what happened . Or to whom . Or how . But maybe Volume 3 will make it clear .
Only six more months to wait . That ought to be just about enough time to recover , I figure , before The Familiar crawls into my lap and blows my mind all over again .
Jason Sheehan is an ex-chef , a former restaurant critic and the current food editor of Philadelphia magazine . But when no one is looking , he spends his time writing books about spaceships , aliens , giant robots and ray guns . Tales From the Radiation Age is his latest book .
One of the highlights of Donald Trump 's highly anticipated appearance on `` Saturday Night Live '' was seeing Larry David heckle the real estate mogul during the opening monologue .
`` You 're a racist ! '' David yelled , as Trump stood onstage with two of his `` SNL '' doppelgängers . `` Trump 's a racist ! ''
When Trump asked David -- who was on set to reprise his Bernie Sanders impression -- why he was heckling , he responded , `` I heard if I yelled that , they 'd give me $ 5,000 . '' He was right .
`` They '' referred to DeportRacism.com , a PAC that earlier in the week offered a cash reward to anyone who called Trump a racist on live television . David 's bit was scripted , though the identity of the heckler was clearly a pleasant surprise to the cheering studio audience .
And now , DeportRacism.com is making good on its pledge . In a press release , DeportRacism.com 's campaign director announced that the group would reward David for `` standing up '' to Trump 's incendiary rhetoric :
`` There 's nothing funny about calling Mexican immigrants rapists , murderers and drug dealers , '' the statement reads . `` You could never get away with saying that about African-Americans , so why is it OK to say it about Latinos ? Trump 's attacks on the rights of U.S.-born American citizens calling them ‘ anchor babies ' and threatening to tear up the U.S. constitution to strip them of their rights is un-American and offensive . We need to deport racism , not people . ”
Trump shrugged off the heckling , and used it as an opportunity to remind the audience of his mogul status : `` As a businessman , '' he said of David 's motivation for interrupting , `` I can fully respect that . ''
Minimum wage earners would have to work 23 hours a day to afford a home in north London
The amount per-hour needed to afford to live in north west London postcodes Archant
To afford to rent a one bedroom home in some parts of north London you would have to be working more than 23 hours a day , according to figures collated by totallymoney.com
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The amount per-hour needed to afford to live in north London postcodes The amount per-hour needed to afford to live in north London postcodes
The stats reveal that in the NW1 postcode ( Camden ) and NW8 ( St Johns Wood ) , you would have to be earning £22.94 and £24.01 per hour respectively in a 37.5 hour working week to afford to live in the areas .
On the cheaper end of the scale is the NW7 postcode ( Mill Hill ) in zone 4 , where you would have to earn at least £11.69 an hour .
This news comes two weeks after chancellor George Osborne announced in the budget that he would be raising the current minimum wage to £9 per hour from its current £6.50 by 2020 to offer a compulsory “ national living wage ” .
The first raise is taking place this October , where those on minimum wages will see a rise of 3 per cent if they are aged 18 and over and two per cent if they are aged 16 to 17 .
This will put the minimum wage at £6.70 for those aged 21 and over , £5.30 for 18 to 20 year-olds and £3.87 for 16 and 17 year olds .
The living wage itself will be introduced from April 2016 at a rate of £7.20 an hour for people over the age of 25 .
However , as the totallymoney.com figures show , even with the projected rise , most people on minimum wage will still be vastly priced out of north London .
At present , the only place in the whole of the capital where you could afford a one-bedroom rental on minimum wage is Abbey Woods ( SE2 ) , in Zone 4 .
Even the current London Living Wage , at £9.15 per hour , would only get you a bed in one more postcode , N18 ( Enfield ) in Zone 6 .
Daniel Wilson Craw , from affordable rental campaign group Generation Rent said that the figures show that London is becoming “ off-limits ” to anyone on a low income .
“ After the budget young people and larger families will no longer have housing benefit to fall back on , ” he said .
“ The Chancellor 's cuts to landlord subsidies should create incentives to improve rental properties – at the moment landlords do n't have to prove they make repairs in order to get a 10 per cent tax break . But ultimately there is a shortage of housing in north London : instead of taking away benefits , the government should be investing in building genuinely affordable homes . ”
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Citigroup Inc ( C.N ) will close its trading desks on the Chicago Board of Trade 's grain and financial floors at the end of September and will move most of its floor staff to Citi 's office in Chicago , a source familiar with the situation told Reuters on Friday .
A man walks past a Citibank branch in lower Manhattan , New York October 16 , 2012 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Citi 's move away from the storied CBOT floor is the latest in an ongoing exodus , prompted by the shift of the vast majority of trading volume in grains and other products to electronic trading platforms .
For years , Citi was a fixture in trading pits that established Chicago as the center of the world 's futures trade more than a century ago .
Citi has a sales staff of about 20 in Chicago who handle trading in interest rate products , equities and commodities . Most will keep their jobs except for those whose jobs that are tied to floor activity , such as floor runners , according to the source .
Citigroup spokesman Scott Helfman offered the following statement but would not comment further :
“ Citi is committed to the futures business and we will continue to be an active market participant in the sector . ”
The shift away from open-outcry trading has accelerated since June 2102 , when the CME Group ( CME.O ) , parent of the CBOT , changed the way grain futures are settled at the end of the trading day . Under the new rules , settlement prices , which had long been established solely in the open-outcry pits , became based on a blend of electronic and pit-traded values .
The change diminished the need for pit traders , some of whom have sued the exchange to reverse the new rules .
Meanwhile , the desks surrounding the CBOT grain pits continue to empty out . Last month , only about 3 percent of all CBOT corn futures , the exchange 's biggest agricultural product , were traded in the pits , exchange data showed .
“ Take a look at the volumes . What necessity is there to be on the floor ? ” , said one longtime trader from a different firm .
IDEAS Michael Copps is a former commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission , and currently serves as the special adviser to the Media & Democracy Reform Initiative at Common Cause .
Comcast and Time Warner Cable executives planned to visit the Department of Justice today to try to salvage their companies ' stalled merger . DOJ staff reportedly fear this tie-up would diminish competition . The Federal Communications Commission must also pass judgment on whether the deal serves the public interest . I believe the merger fails both the anti-trust and the public-interest metrics . Further , no set of conditions can ameliorate the harms that would result from allowing the nation 's largest cable company to swallow up its next-largest rival . At stake is more than just who controls the cable programming market ; this is about who controls broadband , and how we connect and communicate in the 21st century .
First , some history : Four years ago , Comcast acquired NBCUniversal . As a commissioner at the FCC , I cast the lone vote against that combination . I said I found its marriage of broadcast and broadband , medium and message , content and carriage was “ simply too much , too big , too powerful , too lacking in benefits for American consumers and citizens. ” Nevertheless , the commission approved the merger with “ conditions ” designed to offset its defects .
Even as the ink was drying on the conditions , Comcast systematically set about ignoring , skirting , or undermining them . It set about assigning Bloomberg Television to the stratosphere of its channel lineup , thereby breaking promises to locate competing channels in the same “ news neighborhood ” so viewers could easily surf back and forth . Comcast-owned CNBC , of course , got a prime spot in the listings . When challenged , Comcast unleashed its army of attorneys to bicker over the meaning of “ news ” and “ neighborhood . ”
There 's more . Comcast committed to offering standalone broadband in its service territory at affordable rates . But because it prefers to sell more profitable service bundles , the company buried the standalone broadband product in its marketing . That stunt earned Comcast an $ 800,000 fine , a welcome gesture but a pittance for such a massive firm . A merged Mega Comcast could flaunt any rule it disliked .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
At other times , Comcast complied with the letter of the law if not its spirit . Consider Internet Essentials , its low-cost , low-speed program for needy households . It sounds great , but in practice , Comcast has done a better job advertising the program to regulators than to actual users . Thanks to complex qualification requirements and Comcast 's half-hearted ad campaign , Internet Essentials only reaches a fraction of eligible households – a paltry 11 % in California . Comcast even admitted that the program was about winning approval of the NBCU merger – not delivering quality , affordable service .
These and other examples should give regulators serious pause . They suggest Comcast is not negotiating in good faith . Rather than a set of conditions to abide , it sees loopholes to litigate .
Comcast 's recent behavior in California , where the state 's Public Utility Commission is reviewing the merger plan , eliminates any doubt . Earlier this year , the commission tentatively approved the deal with a bevy of conditions . Yet again , Comcast dismissed even the most reasonable requests . The firm deemed the requirement that it verifiably extend Internet Essentials to 45 % of eligible California households within two years “ simply unattainable . ”
Comcast and Time Warner Cable are accustomed to getting their way . For years , their political action units have distributed mammoth campaign checks to make friends in high places and write their own rules , shutting out competition and consumer protection in the process . Friendly policymakers come in handy when you 're looking to book the next deal or cover for abysmal service . It 's no surprise that last year a University of Michigan consumer study rated Comcast and Time Warner Cable the two most unpopular ISPs in America .
The tide may be turning . Most of the roughly 800,000 citizens who have contacted the FCC are opposed to the merger – and the agency has never approved a merger over this much opposition . Comcast 's customers understand that nothing in this merger would improve shoddy cable broadband service . If anything , the merger would make matters much worse . Mega Comcast would wield more than enough market power to restrain rivals and jack up prices . Perhaps worst of all , the deal would foreclose countless innovations . Would-be creators and competitors may look at Comcast 's dominance , reckon that competing with an 800-pound gorilla is hopeless , and cancel plans to bring a new broadband choice , an interesting cable channel , or an exciting app to market .
This merger has monopoly written all over it , and regulators can not trust Comcast to abide by conditions . With so much at stake , including who controls our small-d democratic discourse , the FCC and DOJ must say no .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Michael Finkelstein smokes a marijuana cigarette while watching election results on Tuesday , Nov. 2 , 2010 , in Oakland , Calif. Finkelstein joined about 100 supporters of legalizing marijuana outside the headquarters of the Yes on 19 campaigns as early election returns showed the initiative failing . ( AP Photo/Noah Berger )
A year after Colorado voters approved the legal recreational use of marijuana by adults , state voters approved a 15 percent excise tax and 10 percent sales tax on all recreational marijuana sales in the state , Tuesday night .
Talk about high taxes .
Proposition AA creates a 15 percent excise tax on wholesale marijuana sales -- the revenue from which will fund public school construction -- and a 10 percent special sales tax on retail sales to fund marijuana regulation in the state .
The taxes are expected to generate roughly $ 70 million in additional revenue for the state in 2014 .
`` This was the last piece of this marijuana policy marathon , the last leg , '' Rep. Dan Pabon told The Huffington Post about the tax measures . `` It 's part and parcel to all the work we did in the regulatory piece , because if you do n't have means to enforce this , the laws will be rendered meaningless and this is the last critical piece to the work the legislature did . ''
In a call back to his 2012 quote , `` Do n't break out the Cheetos or the Goldfish yet '' before the Department of Justice had announced that they would allow Colorado 's pot laws to take effect , Gov . John Hickenlooper posted this good-humored tweet late Tuesday night :
Marijuana , Cheetos & Goldfish all legal in CO. Now we 'll have the $ $ to regulate , enforce & educate . # copolitics — John Hickenlooper ( @ hickforco ) November 6 , 2013
There were some in opposition to the tax measures who even handed out free marijuana joints in protest , but it was widely believed that the tax measures would pass . An April survey from Public Policy Polling about the tax measures showed 77 percent of Colorado voters supported both the excise and sales tax proposals . Only 18 percent of those surveyed were opposed to increased taxes on legal pot sales .
There was also strong support for the tax measures from Colorado politicians from both parties including Democratic Gov . Hickenlooper and Republican Attorney General John Suthers .
“ Despite my strongly-held personal belief that the ‘ legalization ' of marijuana on a state level is very bad public policy , the state must do the best job possible of implementing Amendment 64 and regulating the new recreational marijuana industry , '' Suthers said in August .
Hickenlooper , who was once one of the most high-profile opponents of marijuana legalization in the state , urged Colorado voters to approve the tax measures earlier this year . `` We need to make sure we have the resources to have a good regulatory framework to manage this , '' Hickenlooper said to The Denver Post .
In a fresh blow to the fundamental integrity of the internet , a hacker last week obtained legitimate web certificates that would have allowed him to impersonate some of the top sites on the internet , including the login pages used by Google , Microsoft and Yahoo e-mail customers .
The hacker , whose March 15 attack was traced to an IP address in Iran , compromised a partner account at the respected certificate authority Comodo Group , which he used to request eight SSL certificates for six domains : mail.google.com , www.google.com , login.yahoo.com , login.skype.com , addons.mozilla.org and login.live.com .
The certificates would have allowed the attacker to craft fake pages that would have been accepted by browsers as the legitimate websites . The certificates would have been most useful as part of an attack that redirected traffic intended for Skype , Google and Yahoo to a machine under the attacker 's control . Such an attack can range from small-scale Wi-Fi spoofing at a coffee shop all the way to global hijacking of internet routes .
At a minimum , the attacker would then be able to steal login credentials from anyone who entered a username and password into the fake page , or perform a `` man in the middle '' attack to eavesdrop on the user 's session .
Comodo CEO Melih Abdulhayoglu calls the breach the certificate authority 's version of the Sept. 11 terror attacks .
`` Our own planes are being used against us in the C.A . [ certificate authority ] world , '' Abdulhayoglu told Threat Level in an interview . `` We have to up the bar and react to these new threat models . This untrusted DNS infrastructure can not be what drives the internet going forward . If DNS was trusted , none of this would have been an issue . ''
Comodo says the attacker was well prepared , and appeared to have a list of targets at the ready when he logged into the company 's system and began requesting certificates .
In addition to the bogus certificates , the attacker created a ninth certificate for a domain of his own under the name `` Global Trustee , '' according to Abdulhayoglu .
Abdulhayoglu says the attack has all the markings of a state-sponsored intrusion rather than a criminal attack .
`` We deal with [ cybercriminals ] all day long , '' he said . But `` there are zero footprints of cybercriminals here . ''
`` If you look at all these domains , every single one of them are communications-related , '' he continued . `` My personal opinion is that someone is trying to read people 's e-mail communications . [ But ] the only way for this attack to work [ on a large scale ] is if you have access to the DNS infrastructure . The certificates on their own are no use , unless they have access to the DNS infrastructure itself , which a state would . ''
Though he acknowledges that the attack could have originated anywhere , and been routed through Iranian servers as a proxy , he says Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's regime is the obvious suspect .
Out of the nine fraudulent certificates the hacker requested , only one – for Yahoo – was found to be active . Abdulhayoglu said Comodo tracked it , because the attackers had tried to test the certificate using a second Iranian IP address .
All of the fraudulent certificates have since been revoked , and Mozilla , Google and Microsoft have issued updates to their Firefox , Chrome and Internet Explorer browsers to block any websites from using the fraudulent certificates .
Comodo came clean about the breach this week , after security researcher Jacob Appelbaum noticed the updates to Chrome and Firefox and began poking around . Mozilla persuaded Appelbaum to withhold public disclosure of the information until the situation with the certificates could be resolved , which he agreed to do .
Abdulhayoglu told Threat Level that his company first learned of the breach from the partner that was compromised .
The attacker had compromised the username and password of a registration authority , or R.A. , in southern Europe that had been a Comodo Trusted Partner for five or six years , he said . Registration authorities are entities that are authorized to issue certificates after conducting a due-diligence check to determine that the person or entity seeking the certificate is legitimate .
`` We have certain checks and balances that alerted the R.A. [ about the breach ] , which brought it to our attention , '' he said . `` Within hours we were alerted to it , and within hours we revoked everything . ''
It 's not the first time that the integrity of web certificates has come into question .
Security researcher Moxie Marlinspike showed in 2009 how a vulnerability in the way that web certificates are issued by authorities and authenticated by web browsers would allow an attacker to impersonate any trusted website with a legitimately issued certificate .
* Photo : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad gestures as he talks at a 2006 news conference . ( Misha Japaridze/AP )
*
__ See also : __
Because we all know banks never make mistakes ...
-- -
Source - Huff Po
For the past 30 days , Kendra and Todd Parker have been trying to figure out what to tell their four children , fearing that they , like millions of other Americans facing foreclosure , could be tossed out of their home .
But unlike the vast majority of homeowners in their predicament , Kendra Parker says she can prove she and her husband have not missed a single mortgage payment .
The Parkers ' mortgage began like any other that might have emerged from the housing boom : the neighborhood bank that originally issued their mortgage sold the loan , and it eventually landed in the hands of one of the nation 's largest mortgage companies . In industry parlance , the loan was `` securitized , '' or sliced into parts and combined with hundreds , possibly thousands of other mortgages , then sold piecemeal to investors . The complex reality of the modern mortgage system was supposed to have very little effect on the Parkers -- they would simply mail their monthly payment to a mortgage servicer , which would handle the payment on behalf of the investors holding the mortgage securities .
But , along the way , that machinery broke down . No one , the Parkers say , told them their loan had been sold . With no word from the new servicer , New Jersey-based PHH Mortgage , the Parkers sent their first payment to the original bank , which mailed the check to PHH , according to documents the Parkers provided to The Huffington Post . But that check went missing . The Parkers say that despite the fact that they made every other payment , that missing check led to foreclosure proceedings , and a wrecked Kendra Parker 's credit rating .
Soon , the mortgage company informed the Parkers that they were three months past due and owed over $ 3,000 .
In the past three months , Kendra Parker and her husband , Todd , said they have spent countless hours on the phone trying to straighten things out . When that went nowhere , they sent registered letters to everyone from the CEO of PHH to their state attorney general 's office . They finally secured the help of a lawyer who oversees foreclosures on behalf of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . But more than a month after they were informed of the foreclosure proceedings , nothing has changed .
Once the Parkers ' first payment was missing for 90 days , their account was considered delinquent , and the mortgage company automatically stopped accepting their payments . This is how even homeowners who appear to have made every single payment find themselves threatened with foreclosure .
The Parkers signed the deed on June 30 of 2010 , and were told to expect a statement . The first payment was due on Aug. 1 , but the day came and went without that statement . When Kendra finally got in touch with the original lender , Metropolitan National Bank , she was told that her mortgage had been sold , and she should hold that first check until she got the first statement from her new mortgage servicer . On Aug. 27 , Kendra got a letter from PHH Mortgage explaining that PHH would now be servicing their mortgage .
PHH Mortgage of Mount Laurel , N.J. , is ranked eighth among America 's top 10 mortgage servicers by volume of loans serviced , according to a list compiled by Mortgage Servicing News . Bank of America and Wells Fargo top that list .
In an interview with Housing Wire last year , PHH President Luke Hayden said despite being relatively small , the company could compete by being efficient . `` There are opportunities for lenders who are willing to rethink traditional approaches to originating , servicing and investing mortgage products , '' he told Housing Wire . `` We are currently embarked on a yearlong initiative to drive efficiency and take more than $ 100 million out of our cost structure on a run-rate basis . ''
The letter Kendra Parker got from PHH Mortgage on Aug. 27 , which was reviewed by The Huffington Post , listed two addresses , under which the letter instructs Parker , `` Please do not send your mortgage payments to this address . '' By September , she said , there was still no word on where they should send their payment . The Parkers got in touch with their original bank , and were advised to send the first payment as originally intended . Metropolitan National Bank , they were told , would forward the payment to the PHH , they said .
The Parkers sent a check for $ 1,111.86 to Metropolitan National Bank on Sept. 8 . Documents from Metropolitan National Bank provided by Kendra Parker show the bank sent the check by registered mail via UPS to a `` Mortgage Servicing Center '' in Chicago and that it arrived on Sept. 9 . Someone in the firm 's mailroom would have had to have signed for it . It appears that that check went missing , and that payment was never applied .
`` It looks like one payment got misplaced and that started the domino effect , '' said lawyer Greg Nelson , who works for law firm Michaelson , Connor & Boul . The law firm examines all foreclosures stemming from loans by lenders approved by the Federal Housing Administration . When an FHA approved loan is foreclosed on , the firm can help some homeowners to stay in their homes . After hearing the story , and seeing the proof Kendra had to offer , he too forwarded the details to PHH .
When the Parkers made their second payment , on Sept. 17 , it was applied as their first payment , and from that point , they were considered in arrears . The clock started ticking .
Continue reading ...
-- -
Banks are 'foreclosure fraud factories ' ...
Video - Alan Grayson on fraudulent foreclosure practices by banks .
THURSDAY , June 16 ( HealthDay News ) -- The quit-smoking drug Chantix may lead to a small but increased risk of heart problems in people with cardiovascular disease , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Thursday .
In a study of 700 smokers with cardiovascular disease who were undergoing treatment with Chantix or a placebo , researchers saw a small but `` statistically significant '' greater risk of chest pain , non-fatal heart attacks and other cardiovascular problems in patients taking the quit-smoking drug , the FDA said .
Details of the new findings will be shared with doctors and will be included in the drug 's medication guide to patients , the agency said .
In July 2009 , the FDA mandated that Chantix ( varenicline tartrate ) and a second smoking-cessation drug , Zyban , carry a `` black-box '' warning about the potential risks of psychiatric problems , including depression and suicidal thoughts .
In its announcement Thursday , the FDA noted that smoking is a major contributor to cardiovascular disease , the number one killer of Americans . So doctors and their patients should weigh the `` known benefits of Chantix against its potential risks when deciding to use the drug in smokers with cardiovascular disease , '' the agency said in a statement on its website .
Patients taking Chantix , which received FDA approval in 2006 , should contact their health-care professional if they experience new or worsening symptoms of cardiovascular disease .
The FDA said it will continue to evaluate the risks and benefits associated with Chantix and is requiring the manufacturer -- Pfizer Inc. -- to conduct an analysis of all previous randomized , placebo-controlled trials of the drug . The agency said it will release those findings to the public when they become available .
In a statement , Pfizer pointed out that smoking is a key risk factor for heart disease , and quitting the habit brings heart benefits that are `` immediate and substantial , '' the Wall Street Journal reported . Pfizer agreed that patients should talk to their doctors to `` determine what medications are right for them . ''
More information
For more on how to quit smoking , visit the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
The Mets are in talks with Fernando Rodney 's representatives , a source told ESPNNewYork.com.In the wake of the Mets losing out on Grant Balfour , Sandy Alderson has been in dialogue with free-agent closer Fernando Rodney 's representatives , a source familiar with the team 's interest told ESPNNewYork.com .
# 56 RP
Tampa Bay Rays
2013 STATS
GM 68
W5
L4
BB36
K82
ERA 3.38
Rodney , 36 , went 5-4 with a 3.38 ERA and recorded 37 saves last season with the Tampa Bay Rays .
Mets officials have insisted they have payroll flexibility if a free agent is available at a valued price . The team currently has about $ 87 million committed to players in 2014 .
The talks between Rodney 's representatives and club officials are believed to be about the closer 's role . That should not suggest there has been any setback with Bobby Parnell . But the interest in back-end relievers demonstrates there is at least some uncertainty as Parnell returns from surgery to repair a herniated disk in his neck -- an injury that prompted him to miss the final two months of last season .
A source familiar with the Mets ' bid for Balfour told ESPNNewYork.com on Thursday that the club had the same offer to Balfour as the two-year , $ 12 million deal he accepted from the Rays .
With LaTroy Hawkins departing as a free agent for the Colorado Rockies , the Mets ' late-inning relief staff currently is light on certainty . Parnell performed well last year , converting 22 of 26 saves , but is returning from neck surgery . Vic Black right now is the alternative if Parnell had a setback .
“ They wanted to hold me , to keep watch over me – a prisoner in all but name . But I will NOT be held accountable for the sins of my father . My destiny will be my own. ” - Wrathion , the Black Prince
The Contract
Patch 4.3 will offer the most deadly and experienced rogues the opportunity to finally play a central role in the fate of the world the rogue 's way : by manipulating key events from the shadows . Players will travel across continents to accomplish crucial missions of reconnaissance , burglary , infiltration and , of course , assassination . Those familiar with the events that unfolded in the Badlands since the Cataclysm struck may recall the story of Rheastrasza , the ambitious red dragon who acquired a black dragon egg and magically purified it , cleansing it of the Black Dragonflight 's corruption . While those events may lead to a more hopeful destiny for Azeroth , it will take cleverness , stealth , skill , and the help of a few friends to unravel the web of intrigue that will reveal what became of the egg… and determine the fate of Deathwing himself .
Wetwork
Rogues willing to do whatever is necessary to ignite a brighter future must first delve into the Dragon 's Soul raid dungeon to begin the quest line . Those who prove their prowess within will be set on a collision course with Ravenholdt Manor and the enigmatic Black Prince , Wrathion . This shadowy figure could be the key to victory for the mortal races , but what is his true agenda ? Before the truth behind these mysteries are revealed , enterprising assassins will need to fight tense raid battles against Deathwing 's most powerful minions , and embark alone on perilous missions to seal the fate of the Black Dragonflight . The quest culminates in the earth-scorching execution of Deathwing himself and a shocking revelation about the true nature of the mission .
What 's in it for me ?
Rogues who succeed will receive a paired set of daggers that will become increasingly lethal as their bearer progresses along the legendary quest . At the height of their strength , they will be imbued with the vile essence of the Old Gods , as well as the maddened fury of the Black Dragonflight -- bestowing great power upon their bearer . These powers include a stacking increase to Agility which builds until dark wings unfurl from the rogue 's back , removing the combo point cost and increasing damage of finishing moves for a short time . In addition , the wings which can be spread on command ( with no combat benefit ) to slow a rapid descent , allowing the rogue to slowly fall to the ground… or enact a little death from above ! When it comes to dealing death , the Fangs of the Father promise legendary killing power to rogues of any specialization .
An incredible adventure and legendary rewards await . The future of all life on Azeroth hangs in the balance . Better get moving .
All We know that Saabcarries the legacy of aviation , and one of the projects related to that is Saab 9000drive-by-wire from 1992 .
1992 . SAAB is experineting with a drive-by-wire system similar to fly-by-wire aircraft control systems .
The test car SAAB 9000 , even has side-mounted joystick instead of a steering wheel . The stick sends electrical signals to a control box ona a hidraulic cylinder that moves the steering linkage.The two-litre Saab 9000 Turbo used to test the active steering has automatic
gears and anti-lock brakes and a conventional accelerator .
Since no steering column is needed , reason SAAB , why clutter up instrumental panel with steering wheel , a prime safety hazard during a crash ?
The system is fail-safed with reserve hydraulic preasure and electrical power . Saab 's research tide into Europe 's PROMETHEUS smart highway program .
Eventual production model should have two joysticks one for each arm so the driver can swap the arm in control . Project remained at the level of research .
another intervention gone wrong : decreasing women 's civic participation
…this paper investigates two potential explanations for the gender gap in participation : asymmetric costs to participation and deficits of civic information…I examine whether increasing civic information and skills can close the gender gap in civic participation . I find it can not – and the particular intervention I study even exacerbates the problem . Experimental evidence reveals that a randomly assigned civic education intervention in Mali increased civic participation among men while causing a decrease among women . Focus groups and interviews suggest that , in a place where women are traditionally unwelcome actors in the public sphere , the intervention heightened the salience of women 's participation thus increasing social costs to participation . As evidence of a more general phenomenon , I show that socio-economic determinants of gender discrimination within Mali help explain cross-country variation in the gender gap in civic participation on the African continent .
That is from the introduction of a working paper , Why women participate less in civic activity : Evidence from Mali , by Jessica Gottlieb to be discussed at next week 's MGAPE ( Midwest Group in African Political Economy ) meeting , hosted by Indiana University care of Jen Brass , one of MGAPE 's founding members .
I hope to be updating from the meeting next Friday . The other papers on the docket are :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Related haba na haba posts :
Introduction of MGAPE before its inaugural Spring 2011 meeting
Discussion of the “ Small Change ” paper presentedat the Fall 2011 MGAPE meeting at Northwestern
BOZEMAN , MT — A doctor prescribed Montana Democratic Sen. John Walsh medication for symptoms of Post-traumatic Stress Disorder after he returned from an Army deployment in Iraq , but he was not formally diagnosed with PTSD , the senator confirmed to Yahoo News following revelations this week that he had plagiarized a paper to receive his masters degree at the Army War College in 2007 .
The New York Times revealed Wednesday that Walsh had plagiarized major portions of a research paper he wrote while he 's earning degree , a charge Walsh initially responded to by saying that he was suffering from PTSD at the time . But in an interview with Yahoo News here Friday , Walsh said that PTSD “ in no way ” contributed to him breaking the Army War College 's honor code .
“ I met with VA doctors , came back , went to the VA hospital here for a process period , ” Walsh said when pressed on whether he had been formally diagnosed with PTSD . “ When I came back , I had private insurance , I went to my personal physician in Helena , Montana and talked about what I was dealing with . He prescribed medication for me . …He said there were symptoms of PTSD . ”
A Walsh aide told Yahoo News that the doctor prescribed Paxil , an antidepressant commonly used to treat PTSD .
According to the Times report , Walsh 's paper , “ The Case for Democracy as a Long Term National Strategy , ” borrowed heavily from a 1998 paper published by the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs and a 2003 paper published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
As the Times report showed , Walsh 's plagiarism was far more egregious than just a few forgotten citations . In some cases , Walsh copied long section from the sources word-for-word without attribution . When asked if he had plagiarized other papers during his time at the Army War College , Walsh called the paper in question “ an isolated incident . ”
“ I do n't believe that they would ” find other instances of plagiarism , Walsh told Yahoo News . On Friday , the Army War College announced that an analysis of the paper following the Times report had determined “ reasonable cause to refer the case to the US Army War College Academic Review Board . ”
Walsh is facing a tough race against Republican challenger Montana Rep. Steve Daines . Walsh 's campaign on Thursday released a defensive memo calling the plagiarized paper “ an unintentional mistake ” and announcing that Walsh would not step down from the race .
Other Democrats rose to his defense this week , saying that academics were n't Walsh 's strong suit . “ Look , Walsh is a soldier , he 's not an academic , ” Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester told the Los Angeles Times . “ And I just think if a person bores down below the surface , it 's not near as big a deal as it appears right now . ”
A page from Walsh 's 2007 Army War College yearbook obtained by Yahoo News — the only photographic evidence available to this point of his time there — shows him smiling and playing golf with friends under the caption , “ H20 , Beer , H20 Break ” and “ You think they will miss us at seminar ? ”
Walsh retired from the National Guard in 2012 and was sworn in as Montana 's Lt . Governor the next year . He was appointed to the Senate earlier this year when Montana Democratic Sen. Max Baucus stepped down to become the U.S . Ambassador to China .
Residents in the small town of Semmes , Alabama were surprised when one of the acts in the annual Christmas parade was a group of black drag queens known as “ The Prancing Elite . ”
The captain of the troupe , Kentrell Collins , said he believed the offer had been made in good faith , and that the representative for the Friends of Semmes to whom he spoke knew who she was hiring .
“ I said we 're all over 21 and we 're guys . She was so excited . She was like I did n't know they had any groups like that in Mobile , ” Collins told Fox 10 News .
The reaction of local residents to the troupe 's performance was overwhelmingly negative .
“ I was outraged and appalled . I never expect anything like this at the Semmes Christmas parade , ” Claudia Davis told Fox 10 News . “ If they were gon na put this kind of activity in the parade , they should have notified the people of Semmes so that we had a choice whether we wanted out children to attend and see something like that . ”
The members of “ The Prancing Elite ” sympathized with those who were offended .
“ We do want to apologize if we offended anybody who did not know who we were before today , but still at the end of the day , we only just came to dance and we did get invited , ” troupe leader Collins said .
Since news of the incident at the parade hit social media last night , the group has booked events for New Year 's Eve and Mardi Gras .
Meanwhile , according to Claudia Davis the Friends of Semmes have been removed as organizers of the Christmas parade . The city council will organize the event next year .
Watch the Fox 10 News report on the controversy below :
A 41-year-old man has been executed in Yemen after he was convicted of raping and killing a three-year-old girl .
Muhammad al-Maghrabi was shot to death with an AK-style rifle in the capital of Sanaa on Monday .
Pictures show Maghrabi laying on the floor with his hands bound behind his back before a soldier standing over him opens fire .
Muhammad al-Maghrabi , 41 , was shot dead in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Monday
Maghrabi was killed after being convicted of raping and murdering a three-year-old girl
He was brought to the main square in Sanaa in an armoured van before soldiers laid him on the floor to carry out the sentence
As a crowd of thousands watched , one soldier fired shots through Maghrabi 's back , killing him
The execution was watched by a crowd of thousands who gathered in the city 's main square .
Maghrabi was brought there by prison van before being laid down on a rug where he was fatally shot through the back .
Television cameras broadcast the sentence across the country while viewers filmed it on their phones .
Sharia law is the source of all legislation in Yemen , according to a US State Department report .
Under the law murder is punishable by the death sentence , thought the family of the victim do have the power to lessen the punishment .
While beheading is common , sharia does not specify how the death sentence should be carried out .
Onlookers filmed the execution on their phones while a television crew gathered around to get the best angle ( rear left )
Thousands of people including those carrying cameras on selfie sticks gathered to watch the execution in Sanaa on Monday
Maghrabi steps out of the prison van and into the square where he was then shot dead
We hear a lot of Republican and Democrat talking points about healthcare . As Libertarians , it 's important that people understand that we have our own voice and our own solutions for the rising costs of healthcare . If you like this story , please forward it to your friends and family by clicking the Forward button below .
So , what is the difference between gas stations and hospitals ? More after the jump…
1 . Prices – The most obvious difference is price . Gas Stations have big signs advertising their prices so that you as a consumer can decide how much you are willing to pay without even slowing down along the highway . There are federal regulations that prohibit hospitals from advertising and competing based on prices .
2 . Upfront Estimates – When you need a mechanic to replace your head gasket , he will give you an upfront estimate of the price . He will often give you a list of less expensive alternatives if they are available . When you ask a surgeon to replace your heart , there are federal regulations and AMA rules that prevent the distribution of price estimates .
3 . Competition – If someone wants to build a Gas Station across the street from a competing Gas Station , It 's quite alright . If someone wants to build a hospital , they have to prove to the Federal Trade Commission that the hospital wo n't lower prices in the community or cause undue competition .
4 . Monopoly – In the early 20th century , the federal government broke up a monopoly on oil and gasoline distribution . [ Not quite . The government actually paved the way for the current near-oligopoly through legislation and regulation . See comments below and Thomas DiLorenzo for more information . ] In the mid-20th century , they created a monopoly on hospitals and doctors because the American Medical Association said there were too many doctors , too much competition , and doctor 's could n't earn enough money .
5 . Do It Yourself – When you go to the Gas Station , you can pay someone to fix your car and fill up your tank , or you can buy what you need to do it yourself . At a hospital or pharmacy , you ca n't make any decisions on what medications you can take , dosage levels , or treatments . You must have the `` official '' opinion of a state regulated doctor .
6 . Choice – When shopping for mechanics , you can decide to hire your handy neighbor , or find someone with all the latest training and certifications . When shopping for doctors , your only choice is regulated by the state .
7 . Purchasing Power – When you buy gasoline , you are paying for the gasoline you actually purchase ( and a little extra for the small amount of theft ) . When you buy healthcare , your price includes a large government imposed subsidy for those who ca n't afford it , thus making healthcare less affordable to more and more people each year .
So if you wanted to make healthcare cheaper what would you do ? Impose more rules or less ? Allow competition or create a more restrictive monopoly ?
Thanks to Robert Butler of the Libertarian Party of Texas for sending me this article .
Mindy Kaling On Refusing To Be An Outsider And Sexism On Set
Enlarge this image toggle caption Isabella Vosmikova/FOX Isabella Vosmikova/FOX
Mindy Kaling is part of a small group of female comedians , writers and actresses who have created and now run their own TV shows . Kaling also stars in her show , The Mindy Project , as Mindy Lahiri , whom she describes as `` delusionally confident '' and `` unapologetically selfish . ''
And how do others describe Kaling ? The word `` pioneer '' comes up a lot .
`` I often forget that ... being Indian , an Indian-American woman who is not , sort of , pencil thin — that that is very new to broadcast television , '' Kaling tells NPR 's Rachel Martin .
Kaling and Martin discuss the challenges of being seen as a pioneer and the sexism Kaling has encountered on the job .
Interview Highlights
On her Mindy Project character
People , you know , had trouble with the character . She 's not immediately likeable . She does and says a lot of things that you do n't see in , forget female characters , any characters . Like , she says things like , `` I 'm going to hell because I do n't really care about the environment and I love to gossip . '' She thinks Rick Santorum is handsome . Like , she has lots of all-over-the-map opinions and feelings that the writers dream up , but it makes her really original and fun . ...
I do n't think anyone wants to grow up to be Mindy Lahiri , the same way no one wants to grow up to be Michael Scott [ Steve Carell 's character on The Office ] . But that 's OK. ... My dream of course , as a writer and a person who 's an entertainer , is : Grow up to be Mindy Kaling , do n't grow up to be Mindy Lahiri .
On being a role model
I embrace it . I think I 've always wanted to be a role model , and I think ... everyone should try to live their life like they 'd like to be a role model . I think it 's like the thing keeping me out of jail . ... It 's good for me mentally , selfishly , and it 's also nice to try to do that for , especially , younger women . I mean , it 's scary as hell . ... I worry about it , but I think it 's a good thing to try to do .
Of course , everyone wants to be mythologized in a great way . I 'd rather be like Odysseus than someone who was handed everything . And I , besides my parents and a handful of people , I do n't know anyone that worked harder . ... I work so hard and so many hours , and I 've done that for years and years and years . You know , I write a little bit about what it 's like to be a female boss in my book and the things I 've noticed about that , but by and large , it 's just a tough job in general .
On the sexism she 's encountered on the job
Years from now , when I have time to sit and reflect on the different situations that I face every day , I 'll be able to speak more succinctly about the challenges as a woman . Yeah , there 's obviously instances where I perceive sexism in my job . ... I think that the sort of sexism that I see has been one that 's a little bit like a gentler form of sexism , but still a little bit debilitating , which is that when , as a producer and a writer , whether it was at The Office or [ at The Mindy Project ] , if I make a decision , it 'll still seem like it 's up for debate . And I notice that a little bit at The Office , with , like , an actor : If I decided there 'd be a certain way in the script , it would still seem open-ended , whereas ... if I was a man I would not have seen that . [ At The Mindy Project , ] I feel that ... less and less as I 've sort of matured into the role more . The one thing I sort of , because of that , have felt [ is ] that when I made a decision I sort of would have to leave the room so that it was final and there was like no discussion would come after that .
On being referred to as a pioneer
I know why people are interested and I know why people want me to speak about it . But I sort of refuse to be an outsider , even though I know that I very much look like one to a lot of people , and I refuse to view myself in such terms .
On the challenge of talking about her otherness while also doing her job
I was on Twitter recently and a critic , who 's been very critical of me and of the show , was talking about a round table that three South Asian women had done where they kind of criticized and dissected the show , and said , `` Why does n't Mindy respond to this ? '' ...
I 'm an actor and a writer and a showrunner and I edit my show . ... I have a job that three people usually have , and I have it in one person . And the idea that the critic thought that I had this excess of time for which I could go to , like , panels or write essays was just so laughable to me .
And I think as women , you know , if you are considered a pioneer in these things , you can get really distracted by these other things — you know , people 's demands of you reflecting on your otherness . And for this white critic to say , `` I do n't understand why she does n't do that '' — and you 're like , `` It 's because I 'm running a show on a major network and I want the show to continue '' — and to sort of guilt me . ... I 'm an A student . I 'm addicted to feedback , and I want to please people . That 's sort of how I 've gotten to where I am . And I think that it 's insidious to be spending more of your time reflecting and talking about panels , and talking more and more in smart ways about your otherness , rather than doing the hard work of your job .
At 104 , Manohar Aich finally surrendered to time . On Sunday afternoon , the first Indian to win the Mr Universe title breathed his last at his Dum Dum residence , near Baguihati on the northern fringes of Kolkata . “ He was on a liquid diet for the last 10-15 days . He succumbed to age-related complications , ” said Manoj , Aich 's son . Aich is survived by his two sons and two daughters .
Advertising
Aich , who turned 104 on March 17 , became Mr Universe in 1952 , long before Bollywood actors started wooing fans with their sculpted frames . That was also the year when the late Jyoti Basu made his first appearance in the West Bengal Assembly .
From a coconut vendor at Sealdah station to world acclaim , it had been a long journey for the little big man . A journey with a dramatic beginning — in a military prison .
Recounting the story , when The Indian Express met him on the eve of his 100th birthday , Aich had said : “ It was 1942 and the Quit India movement had gathered considerable momentum . I had been working as a physical instructor in the Royal Indian Air Force , when I protested against the British oppression at the camp . I slapped a British officer , who made an offensive remark against the Indians during the interrogation .
[ related-post ]
A court-martial and jail time ensued but it turned out to be a blessing in disguise . The jailor had been very kind and allowed me to train . In fact , he encouraged it . Then , I was shifted to the Alipore Presidency Jail but release followed as India won her freedom . I decided to settle in Kolkata . ”
Jogeshwar Paul 's akhara became his next destination , where he would drop in everyday before going to Sealdah station to work as a coconut vendor . As the 1951 Mr Universe contest approached , Aich started to do private bodybuilding shows to raise money for his passage to England .
“ I had a failed attempt in 1951 but decided to stay back in London , for I was determined to win it next term . Thankfully , I got a job in the British Rail which helped me live my dream . I returned home only after winning the 1952 competition , ” Aich had said .
That was the beginning of the legend . Aich , at 4ft 11in , towered over the rest to earn the sobriquet ‘ Pocket Hercules ' . He went on to win the Asian Body Building Championships . “ He ( Aich ) was an inspiration to everyone , young and old . Death is inevitable but Manohar Aich will be remembered by all , across every sporting discipline , ” legendary footballer Chuni Goswami told The Indian Express .
“ Our body is a temple that we must worship . Exercise is the only way to stay healthy , ” Aich always maintained . This was the reason why the boy from Comilla , now in Bangladesh , became passionate about bodybuilding . Four years ago , on that sunny March afternoon , he took pride in flexing his wrinkled and rippling muscles but lamented that he could no longer hit the gym . He had suffered a stroke a year before which restricted his movement .
Aich briefly flirted with politics as well , when BJP came calling during the 1997 general elections . He lost that contest . Four years later , he lost his wife Jyotika , whose silent contributions behind the scenes had been immense .
Advertising
Today , Aich 's legacy lives through his students , eight-time national bodybuilding champion Satya Paul and former Mr Universe Premchand Dogra , and hundreds of others who flock to Bishnu Manohar Aich 's Fitness Centre & Multigym to follow in the footsteps of their idol .
By the end of the 1890s , Tesla had come to the conclusion that it might be possible to transmit electrical power without wires at high altitudes . There the air was thinner , and therefore more conductive .
A friend and patent lawyer , Leonard E. Curtis , on being advised of Tesla 's work , offered to find land and provide power for the research from the El Paso Power Company of Colorado Springs . The next supporter to come forward was Colonel John Jacob Astor . With $ 30,000 from Astor , the inventor prepared at once to move to Colorado and begin building a new experimental station near Pikes Peak . Joining Tesla were several assistants who were not fully informed of the inventor 's plans .
Arriving at Colorado Springs in May 1899 , Tesla went to inspect the acreage . It was some miles out in the prairie . He told reporters that he intended to send a radio signal from Pikes Peak to Paris , but furnished no details .
In the midst of Colorado 's own incredible electrical displays , Tesla would sit taking measurements . He soon found the earth to be `` literally alive with electrical vibrations . '' Tesla came to think that when lightning struck the ground it set up powerful waves that moved from one side of the earth to the other . If the earth was indeed a great conductor , Tesla hypothesized that he could transmit unlimited amounts of power to any place on earth with virtually no loss . But to test this theory , he would have to become the first man to create electrical effects on the scale of lightning .
The laboratory that rose from the prairie floor was both wired and weird , a contraption with a roof that rolled back to prevent it from catching fire , and a wooden tower that soared up eighty feet . Above it was a 142-foot metal mast supporting a large copper ball . Inside the strange wooden structure , technicians began to assemble an enormous Tesla coil , specially designed to send powerful electrical impulses into the earth .
On the evening of the experiment , each piece of equipment was first carefully checked . Then Tesla alerted his mechanic , Czito , to open the switch for only one second . The secondary coil began to sparkle and crack and an eerie blue corona formed in the air around it . Satisfied with the result , Tesla ordered Czito to close the switch until told to cease . Huge arcs of blue electricity snaked up and down the center coil . Bolts of man-made lightning more than a hundred feet in length shot out from the mast atop the station . Tesla 's experiment burned out the dynamo at the El Paso Electric Company and the entire city lost power . The power station manager was livid , and insisted that Tesla pay for and repair the damage .
For nine months Tesla conducted experiments at Colorado Springs . Though he kept a day-to-day diary that was rich in detail , the results of his experiments are not clear . One question has never been definitively answered : Did Tesla actually transmit wireless power at Pikes Peak ?
There are some reports that he did transmit a signal several miles powerful enough to illuminate vacuum tubes planted in the ground . But this can be attributed to conductive properties in the ground at Colorado Springs .
Another approach pursued by Tesla was to transmit extra-low-frequency signals through the space between the surface of the earth and the ionosphere . Tesla calculated that the resonant frequency of this area was approximately 8-hertz . It was not until the 1950s that this idea was taken seriously and researchers were surprised to discover that the resonant frequency of this space was indeed in the range of 8-hertz .
A third approach for wireless power transmission was to transmit electrical power to the area 80-kilometers above the earth known as the ionosphere . Tesla speculated that his region of the atmosphere would be highly conductive and again his suspicions were correct . What he needed was the technical means to send electrical power to such a high altitude .
One night in his laboratory , Tesla noticed a repeating signal being picked-up by his transmitter . To his own amazement , he believed that he was receiving a signal from outer space . Tesla was widely ridiculed when he announced this discovery , but it is possible that he was the first man to detect radio waves from space .
A great deal of mystery still surrounds Tesla 's work at Colorado Springs . It is not clear from his notes or his comments exactly how he intended to transmit wireless power . But it is clear that he returned back to New York City fully convinced that he could accomplish it .
We all know that lots of guys out there are not working their legs , and that 's why we have so many gym memes making fun of them . So if guys are not doing squats , imagine just how many women are doing this complex and quite difficult exercise . But this has to change because there are many benefits that squats may bring you !
[ contentblock id=1 img=adsense.png ]
Reason # 1 : A Sexy Posterior
They say that an image makes 1000 words , so here is the first reason why all women should squat :
Reason # 2 : A Strong & Toned Body
Squats do n't work just your quads and glutes , but they also involve your hamstrings , your calves , your lower back and even your abs . They increase your testosterone level ( in small quantities , of course ) meaning that you will tone and develop your entire body . They will also improve your cardiovascular system preventing you from having a stroke , becoming obese or having other common health problems of our days .
Reason # 3 : You Will Burn More Fat
[ contentblock id=5 img=adsense.png ]
Just by simply performing this complex exercise with weights you will burn a good amount of calories , much more compared to other legs exercises such as the “ legs extensions ” . As we said earlier , squats help you develop overall muscle mass ( do n't thing of a huge female bodybuilder but rather a fit & sexy girl ) and muscles by definition burn more calories , even while at rest .
Reason # 4 : You Will Prevent Injuries
Squats not only strengthen your muscles , but also your joints and ligaments . They improve the balance and flexibility of your ankles , your knees , hips and back , thus reducing the risk of injuries .
Reason # 5 : Better Physical Shape and Performance
The squat is a functional exercise that will help you deal with the daily life challenges more easily . Besides this , it also improves physical shape and overall performance , helping you run faster and jump higher ( in case you ever come across these challenges ) .
So there you go…five great reasons that we hope will convince you to include squats in all of your legs workouts !
Author Bio :
Craig Wilson is a Fitness enthusiast , Author and owner of Body-Buildin.com . You can visit his website for more interesting articles on various Fitness topics or you can Follow Him on Google Plus for useful tips and motivation .
On the fifth anniversary of the first Tea Party rallies , the movement 's record appears mixed . It swept the GOP to a majority in the U.S. House , where it has blocked President Barack Obama 's most radical ambitions . It helped the GOP win several governorships , launching reforms that broke the unions ' political stranglehold . At the same time , weak Tea Party candidates cost the GOP the Senate , and aggressive legislative tactics cost it support .
The debate for and against the Tea Party obscures the movement 's larger achievement , which is that it reinvigorated a sense of opposition in American politics . Opposition is a natural force in all political systems , to some extent , as Alexis de Tocqueville observed in Democracy in America . Yet it does not have the same formal role in the American system as it does elsewhere , and it has been especially weak–both left and right–in recent years .
The great paradox of the Tea Party is that despite the fact that it currently enjoys the approval of only a minority of Americans , the principles for which it stands are shared by a broad majority . The Tea Party stands for greater freedom and less government , and its flaws all arise from the fact that it has pursued those goals with a far too idealistic expectation that the political system could be restored to those values given enough energy and effort .
It is worth recalling that while the Tea Party was born during the early months of Obama 's presidency , it was conceived during the presidency of George W. Bush–especially during the Wall Street bailouts of the fall of 2008 . More broadly , the Tea Party reflected a frustration with government shared by Americans across the political spectrum , a sense that Washington played by its own rules and did not heed the voices of the people .
It was the unique radicalism of the Obama presidency , not his race , that spurred that frustration into action . Obama arose to national prominence by assuming the persona of a unifying personality , but governed in a confrontational style . He ignored the minority party as he introduced massive spending bills and sweeping changes to the role of the federal government in the economy , from the health sector to the energy sector .
The media cast the Tea Party as racist , and that appears to be how Obama understood it as well , as if the new conservative opposition was a reincarnation of the racist Democrats that faced off against Harold Washington , Chicago 's first black mayor , in the 1980s . While the new conservative media , spearheaded by Andrew Breitbart , pushed back against that claim , Obama increasingly lost touch with the reality of the country that elected him .
There is no doubt that the Tea Party class of 2010 failed to live up to its own expectations . It did not balance the federal budget . It did not repeal Obamacare . And crucially , it did not carry its political momentum into the 2012 presidential campaign . One of the most decisive moments in the Tea Party 's history was the failure of the GOP to incorporate it into congressional leadership , which set the state for today 's base-vs.-establishment fight .
And yet the Tea Party 's achievements outweigh its failures . It prevented massive new spending , and bailouts of profligate state governments . It introduced a national debate on entitlement reform , which politicians had been afraid to touch . It also applied the restraint of oversight to a runaway federal bureaucracy . On the state level , it triggered labor reforms that swept the nation and proved fiscal reform was still possible , given political will .
Within the Republican Party itself , the Tea Party brought a new cohort of black , female , and Latino candidates to the fore–leaders who otherwise might not have made it past the party 's gatekeepers . While defending social conservatism , the Tea Party re-oriented the GOP away from the culture war and back towards the defense of individual liberty against the state . It rekindled a cultural interest in the Constitution not seen in decades .
The most significant criticism of the Tea Party is that it has produced some rather weak candidates , whose flaws proved damaging to Republicans across the nation . Two points are worth bearing in mind , however . One is that some of those flawed candidates won anyway . The other is that the establishment 's candidates proved no better–and in many cases , worse–than the neophytes and eccentrics that won GOP primaries with Tea Party support .
Indeed , the success of the Tea Party is astonishing when considered against the massive obstacles it has had to overcome , in addition to resistance from the Republican establishment . The Obama administration launched a campaign of repression against the movement , using the Internal Revenue Service and other means . And the media did all it could to discredit the Tea Party , even blaming it for mass shootings . The movement prevailed .
The truth is that the Republican Party needs the Tea Party movement , both for ideological coherence and grass roots support . And America needs the Tea Party , as well . Without it , the U.S. would be further down the road to insolvency , and our democracy would have long since bowed to Obama 's executive , statist ambitions . The Tea Party has restored loyal opposition to our politics . With the right leadership , it will restore America 's promise .
Chinese money flowing into the Australian residential property market is set to increase despite attempts by the country 's leadership to restrict capital outflows – a trend that will see Australia 's record-high property valuations supported for some time .
Australia , meanwhile , can implement higher taxes on foreign buyers without impacting demand , according to Credit Suisse researchers .
Foreign buyers , almost all from China , are purchasing 25 per cent of new homes NSW , 17 per cent in Victoria and 8 per cent in Queensland , a report released by the investment bank on Wednesday shows .
“ These flows are not without risk , ” Credit Suisse strategist Hasan Tevfik said .
“ However , we think the tailwind of Chinese wealth creation will mean more , not less , foreign buying of Aussie housing . ”
Australia 's three largest states all impose taxes on foreign purchases of residential property , at a proportion of the sale price , and Western Australia and South Australia have proposed similar taxes . Meanwhile , in December 2016 , Chinese authorities introduced stronger capital controls to slow the leaking of Chinese money into other free markets .
Neither Australian taxes , nor Chinese controls , however , seem to be diminishing Chinese demand for Australian property , according to Credit Suisse .
“ Our tax receipt data help measure how effective these [ Chinese ] controls have been — and it seems they have n't . Chinese demand for Aussie property continues at a strong rate despite the government 's efforts , ” Mr Tevfik said .
And Australian tax collectors have the ability to squeeze foreign buyers with even further without hurting demand .
“ A number of cities known to be popular with Chinese buyers have introduced or raised taxes on foreigners purchasing property , ” Mr Tevfik said , noting Hong Kong 's foreign buyer tax is now equivalent to 37 per cent of the purchase price , and Vancouver 's 15 per cent hike introduced last year .
“ NSW has doubled taxes on foreign buyers as of July 1 to 8 per cent of the purchase price . This is in addition to a 1 per cent federal fee on international buyers and then stamp duty of around 4 per cent for a property costing $ 1 million .
“ The foreign buyer is underwater 13 per cent before taking possession of her asset . Will the most recent increase in tax be enough for her to reconsider and cause house prices in Sydney to decline ? International experience so far suggests not . ”
The researchers conclude that , while risks remain , Chinese wealth creation will continue to thrive and remain a key driver of the Australian property market .
“ We agree property in our major cities is expensive , but we also understand much of the housing market is supported by foreign buying , ” Mr Tevfik said .
“ Chinese wealth creation suggests we should expect more . ”
Credit Suisse says a moderation of housing activity should be expected but strong foreign support will help protect against a collapse .
Reloaded ( stylised as RELOADED and RLD ) is a warez group founded in June 2004 from the ex-members of DEViANCE . [ 1 ] They released and cracked Spore 4 days before its release date [ 2 ] and a beta version of The Sims 3 15 days before its release date . On February 29 , 2008 , Reloaded released a cracked version of Assassin 's Creed , a month before its release on March 28 . However , this release was later nuked for not being the final retail version as well as having crashing issues . The retail version was released by them more than a month later .
Timeline [ edit ]
On May 26 , 2006 , Reloaded released the StarForce protected game Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell : Chaos Theory . This cracked release became available 424 days after its official release date . [ 3 ]
On February 27 , 2010 , Reloaded released Battlefield : Bad Company 2 three days before release date , but players reported problems with the game controls . [ 4 ]
Many keygens made by Reloaded generate keys ending in RLD .
Reloaded decided to release an old internal tool to the public when the Macrovision turned into Rovi Corporation and discontinued the development of SafeDisc and SafeCast DRMs . It can be used to bypass checks like CD/DVD validation , trial , online-activation ( for beta games ) , execution-count and of silent CD/DVD checks . [ 5 ]
Ubisoft used a cracked exe from Reloaded for the PC game Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Vegas 2 after a new patch broke legally downloaded versions of the game . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
On March 5 , 2012 , Reloaded released a cracked version of Mass Effect 3 the day before its official release . [ 8 ] An incomplete uncracked version was already available on February 14 . On October 29 , 2013 , RELOADED released a cracked Version of Battlefield 4 on the day of its release . On May 26 , 2014 , RELOADED released a cracked version of Ubisoft 's much-anticipated open-world hacking game , Watch Dogs , the day before its official release on May 27 . The group released a cracked version of Far Cry 4 days before its release date that was on 18 November 2014 because they acquired the game on 11 November due to a leak by the German Amazon.com . [ 9 ]
Has jazz become America 's least-popular genre ?
According to Nielsen ‘ s 2014 Year-End Report , jazz is continuing to fall out of favor with American listeners and has tied with classical music as the least-consumed music in the U.S. , after children 's music .
Both jazz and classical represent just 1.4 % of total U.S. music consumption a piece . However , Classical album sales were higher for 2014 , which puts Jazz at the bottom of the barrel .
This continues an alarming trend that has seen more and more listeners move away from jazz every year .
Album sales have long been a key measure of the popularity of individual genres , and year after year jazz album sales continue to fall .
In 2011 , a total of 11 million jazz albums ( CD , cassette , vinyl , & digital ) were sold , according to BusinessWeek . This represents 2.8 % of all music sold in that year . However , just a year later , in 2012 , that percentage fell to 2.2 % . It rose slightly to 2.3 % in 2013 before falling once again to just 2 % in 2014 .
That 2 % represents just 5.2 million albums sold by all jazz artists in 2014 . In comparison , the best-selling artist of 2014 , Taylor Swift , sold 3.7 million copies of her latest album ‘ 1989 ' in the last 2 months of 2014 alone .
Almost 30 % of all music consumed in the U.S. was classified as Rock , making it the most popular genre in the U.S. for 2014 ; followed closely by Hip-Hop/R & B ( 17.2 % ) , Pop ( 14.9 % ) , and Country ( 11.2 % ) .
Some have tried to explain away Jazz 's continuing decline in the rankings by citing the fact that popular crossover albums , like Robert Glasper ‘ s Black Radio and Black Radio 2 , are rarely classified as jazz . But the fact remains that new listeners are not engaging with jazz music as they once did and long-time jazz listeners often exhibit behaviors that result in them ignoring new releases , even by established artists .
Another dangerous trend emerges when you separate the digital album sales numbers :
As illustrated above , Jazz was the only genre to have its digital album sales decline , year-on-year , between 2011 and 2012 . And more recently , even though the use of on-demand streaming services like Spotify grew by 54.5 % between 2013 and 2014 ; jazz music represented just 0.3 % of all music streamed during the same period .
This is indicative of an aging listenership that is slow to adapt to new technologies . As more and more traditional record stores go out of business , it 's becoming harder for these veteran stalwarts of the genre to access new releases , while the few digital natives that actively listen to jazz are clearly finding it difficult to carry the numbers .
* A few notes on my methodology : There are an innumerable number of genres in existence ; and Nielsen selects a varying number of “ top genres ” to include in their year-end reports . This year , the company selected a total of eleven genres for analysis on page 2 of their report , which is linked above . When I refer to the popularity of an individual genre , that popularity is relative only to the other “ top genres. ” The “ Children ” genre is included in those “ top genres ; ” however , it is excluded from this analysis as it is transient and regularly omitted from Nielsen 's public reporting . “ Consumption ” in this article refers only to album/single sales and online streams .
Meet Jessica Pearce , the woman buying houses for Melbourne 's homeless
Updated
A woman has been so moved by the sight of Melbourne 's homeless people that she has started buying houses for them .
Jessica Pearce was staying at a hotel in Flinders Street with her partner over the Christmas period when they came face to face with city 's homeless problem .
`` I guess we felt shocked and I suppose a bit guilty — we did n't realise how bad the housing situation in Melbourne was , '' she told ABC Radio Melbourne 's Rafael Epstein .
`` The streets were lined with people sleeping on mattresses or on the ground .
`` I guess it just touched me and I thought that maybe there was something that we could do . ''
' I wanted him to have stable accommodation '
The couple spent two nights wandering the streets handing out $ 20 and $ 50 notes to those sleeping rough and talking with them about their circumstances .
One of those people was a man who was sleeping on the steps of St Paul 's Cathedral .
`` He had a two- and a three-year-old who were staying with his ex-partner and he was n't going to have access to them because he did n't have somewhere to live , '' Ms Pearce said .
Ms Pearce and her partner invited him back to their hotel for two nights , before putting him up at a motel for a month .
`` I wanted him to have stable accommodation for the children . ''
Four for the price of one
Ms Pearce had recently finished paying off her own mortgage and was looking to buy an investment property in inner Melbourne .
But after her experience she decided to buy houses in cheaper areas , and two weeks ago purchased four houses `` all about three or four days apart from each other '' .
The properties Lara : Short-term accommodation for people with children who are on a waitlist for housing
: Short-term accommodation for people with children who are on a waitlist for housing Corio : Accommodation for homeless young people studying or in an apprenticeship
: Accommodation for homeless young people studying or in an apprenticeship Morwell : Short-term crisis accommodation for up to three months
: Short-term crisis accommodation for up to three months Moe : Apartment providing permanent accommodation for up to three young people
`` The price that I would have paid for one house in town was the same as buying four in cheaper areas , '' she said .
The properties in Corio , Lara , Morwell and Moe will provide either short-term crisis accommodation or a stable , long-term residence .
The house in Lara , for example , will be provided for up to three months to people with children who are on a waiting list for long-term accommodation .
`` It 's quite a lovely house , it 's very much like you would imagine a grandmother 's house to be , '' Ms Pearce said .
She said she had spoken to youth housing providers and government organisations about how to best administer the properties , which are still awaiting settlement .
`` It 's very much a work in progress . ''
Homeless as a teenager
Just why Ms Pearce has taken such a generous step might be explained by her own history .
Three days before she turned 16 her mother and stepfather asked her to leave home .
`` I 'd already been working at Hungry Jack 's so I just took on some extra hours .
`` It 's funny , at the time I did n't think much of it , I kind of took it in my stride . ''
She confided in her maths teacher , with whom she had a good relationship , and he set her up in stable accommodation .
`` He was connected with a house in Elwood that provided accommodation for young people who wanted to stay in school , which is probably a lot of the reason that I had the idea of providing a house like that myself now . ''
Ms Pearce now has a successful business and her four children `` have not really wanted for anything '' .
`` I 've probably got it better than most people , '' she said .
Topics : homelessness , charities , people , human-interest , melbourne-3000 , morwell-3840 , moe-3825 , lara-3212 , corio-3214
First posted
Bill Moyers ( Jemal Countess/Getty Images for Time )
Two progressive critics of the mainstream media have joined in on a quadrennial tradition : Working the refs ahead of the presidential debates , out of concern that loose questions or low expectations will benefit the Republican nominee .
In a Huffington Post column titled `` There 's No Debate '' ( elsewhere on the site , it 's titled `` Scrap the Televised Debates '' ) , journalist Bill Moyers argues that the format and moderators of the upcoming debates — the first is Sept. 26 -- `` threaten an effect on democracy more like Leopold and Loeb than Lincoln and Douglas . '' Citing an NBC `` Commander-in-Chief Forum , '' where Hillary Clinton faced questions on her email server while Donald Trump was allowed to wax about leadership , Moyers frets that moderators Lester Holt , Anderson Cooper and Chris Wallace will avoid fact-checking Trump if he misleads .
`` Why are we so complacent about the hijacking of our political process — that it has descended to this level where the two parties and the media giants pick as the only surrogates of the American people the minions of an oligarchic media riddled with cronyism and conflicts of interest ? '' Moyers asks .
Over at Media Matters , Eric Boehlert — author of a book that accused the mainstream media as acting as `` lapdogs '' for former president George W. Bush — collects coverage of Trump and Clinton to demonstrate that the Republican nominee is graded on a scale .
`` What 's doubly concerning is that Trump already appears to be actively trying to intimidate the debate moderators in hopes they 'll go easy on him , '' Boehlert writes . `` ( According to network news executives , moderators Lester Holt from NBC and Fox 's Chris Wallace were chosen to “ appease ” Trump . ) If Trump bullies the moderators and the press uses a weaker standard to grade him , then the debates are no longer fair campaign fights because a media-sanctioned ‘ victory ' for Clinton will be that much harder to obtain . ''
There are two antecedents for this worry : the 1980 campaign and the 2000 campaign . The first looms in political science about presidential debates , as the only showdown between Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan led to the largest surge for a candidate in debating history — an average of seven points toward Reagan . ( After protracted negotiations and games of chicken , the debate was held just one week before the election . ) This year , conservatives have harked back to 1980 as a case where the Democratic candidate worked to define the Republican as reckless and unpresidential , and the Republican brushed that aside with one good performance .
`` I think if he walks through this and looks presidential he 's got a great chance to win , '' Reagan 's son Michael told Newsmax last week .
`` The first debate represents Donald Trump 's best shot at passing the commander-in-chief test , '' said Fox News 's Howard Kurtz . `` … Trump has the chance here to pull a Reagan . ''
In the public imagination , the 1980 debate is remembered for two moments : Reagan asking voters whether they felt `` better off than you were four years ago , '' and Reagan responding to a Carter Medicare attack by saying `` there you go again . '' ( It 's usually forgotten that Carter was making an accurate point that Reagan opposed the creation of Medicare . ) But the larger problem was that Reagan , demonized in an era where campaign coverage was limited to nightly news , radio , and print reporters , came off as balanced and in full command of the facts . Pushed repeatedly on the more radical statements he 'd given during the campaign , Reagan portrayed himself as moderate , for example when responding to an attack on his climate record :
As Governor of California , I took charge of passing the strictest air pollution laws in the United States — the strictest air quality law that has even been adopted in the United States . And we created an OSHA — an Occupational Safety and Health Agency — for the protection of employees before the Federal Government had one in place . And to this day , not one of its decisions or rulings has ever been challenged . So , I think some of those charges are missing the point . I am suggesting that there are literally thousands of unnecessary regulations that invade every facet of business , and indeed , very much of our personal lives , that are unnecessary ; that Government can do without ; that have added $ 130 billion to the cost of production in this country ; and that are contributing their part to inflation . And I would like to see us a little more free , as we once were .
It 's unclear whether Trump , a first-time candidate who has never debated a Democrat , would be able to soften his stances on positions that jar the electorate . The more immediate worry for progressives is a repeat of the 2000 debate — and its aftermath . In snap polls , Al Gore was seen to have prevailed over Bush in the first debate . But Bush 's campaign shifted the narrative of the debate by focusing on several minor Gore exaggerations , such as saying he had `` accompanied James Lee Witt , '' then the director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , after fires in Texas . In fact , he had not accompanied Witt , and the gaffe led to stories with titles like `` Al Gore Prone to Exaggeration . ''
Clinton , who according to polls is seen as even less trustworthy than Gore , may be even more vulnerable to quick spin about a bungled fact — something that has happened repeatedly when reporters ' questions turned to the complicated scandal over her email server . New York Times columnist Paul Krugman captured some of the mounting worries in a column about 2000 's worst coverage .
`` Throughout the campaign most media coverage gave the impression that Mr. Bush was a bluff , straightforward guy , while portraying Al Gore — whose policy proposals added up , and whose critiques of the Bush plan were completely accurate — as slippery and dishonest , '' Krugman wrote . `` Mr. Gore 's mendacity was supposedly demonstrated by trivial anecdotes , none significant , some of them simply false . ''
Writing is hard . I struggle . Being a mom is hard . It 's worth the hard work . Being a wife is hard . I was n't good at it . Being a governor is hard . I 've seen few really good at it . Campaigning is hard . As good as you can strategize and frame your message ; sometimes you still do n't get elected .
Just how competent is Sarah Palin ? She has n't been able to juggle everything to date…and now a new “ ball ” is up in the air .
Harper Collins just signed the Governor of Alaska to a book deal . In a time tight budgets and economic chaos , they managed to find a great sum to trade for the memoirs of a girl from Wasilla , Alaska . The book is due next spring . It was reported she was getting an $ 11 million advance . She denied the amount . It flies in the face of having a legal defense fund .
That 's fantastic ! Great ! Get a laptop and a bottle of Adderall…you 'll be fine . If you get stuck…well , make it up . It 's worked so far .
The governor said about her new book , “ There have been so many things written and said through mainstream media that have not been accurate , and it will be nice through an unfiltered forum to get to speak truthfully about who we are and what we stand for and what Alaska is all about. ” Who is “ WE ? ” How in the ham and cheese can Sarah Palin know what “ Alaska is all about ? ” No one can sum this place up ; that 's what I love about it . We are too mavericky to have one voice define us .
Palin added , “ The idea is to focus on the content of the book and what 's coming in terms of me being able to tell my story unrestrained and unfiltered. ” Well , that 's precious ! The idea of being governor , traveling around , and making promises for votes , is to FOCUS on the State you were elected to represent .
“ It will be nice to put my journalism degree to work on this and get to tell my story , Alaska 's story . There have been so many unauthorized books and publications that have spoken to somebody else 's opinion of who I am , what my family represents and what Alaska is all about. ” AGAIN , SARAH , what 41.6 % of Alaskans , according to last weeks poll numbers , think Alaska represents , is NOT YOU . Tell your family story , your story , but not ours .
For all the reasons it took her three weeks to sign a bill to support the emergency funding for the Alaska Territorial Guard , Sarah sure found her pen today .
But there is a problem .
Remember all the ethics Palin was touting during her un-holy national tour on the Strait Jacket Express ? They include specific statutes :
S 39.52.170 . Outside Employment Restricted .
( a ) A public employee may not render services to benefit a personal or financial interest or engage in or accept employment outside the agency which the employee serves , if the outside employment or service is incompatible or in conflict with the proper discharge of official duties .
( c ) The head of a principal executive department of the state may not accept employment for compensation outside the agency that the executive head serves .
Rest easy , I 'm not going to file an ethics complaint over this . The system has been wildly abused , including the one Sarah filed on herself . Ethics are not something you can legislate ; either you have them or you do n't .
Alaska has a citizen legislature . They are expected to have employment outside of the 90 day session . The governor and her cabinet are considered full time employees . I 'm not an attorney , but , after reading the details of the statutes , they seem specific and unambiguous ; the governor ca n't be paid for other employment .
Sarah Palin is living the dream . People want to read about it . Some Alaskans are living a nightmare , and she needs to do her job .
Since the governor 's return to Alaska , not much has progressed . Our legislature could n't even pass the bestiality bill dubbed “ Ididadog. ” Groundhog Day is now Marmot Day . We have a new state dog . Our minimum wage wo n't be the lowest in the nation . Sarah 's pet projects crashed in committee . Her AG and cabinet appointments were rejected by the Republican majority legislature . Some of that I 'm good with , I do n't want the uterus police in my business or a bigot as Attorney General .
Palin has n't been able to perform her duties as governor without a book deal . What ever she writes , Rush Limbaugh will consider it a pop-up book . Now that she has a contract , it wo n't take an ethics board to figure out Alaskans lose again .
Any guesses for a title ?
Advertisements
Riley County police arrested a 30-year-old man Sunday in connection with multiple cases , including one in which a Junction City man reported being forced at gunpoint to drive to a location where his property was then stolen .
Police received a 911 call just after 4 p.m. Sunday from a 69-year-old Junction City man , according to a news release . The man reported he was confronted by a man with a gun in the 3100 block of Anderson Avenue and then forced to drive to the 4100 block of Marlatt Avenue .
The perpetrator then took the victim 's bank card , cellphone and $ 150 before leaving in the victim 's black 2014 Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck .
The victim was able to walk to a nearby home and contact authorities , police said .
Police later arrested Jerred Dean Snyder in connection with aggravated robbery , kidnapping , aggravated battery , aggravated assault and criminal use of a financial card . He was being held on $ 100,000 bond in connection with the incident .
Police said before 4 p.m. — right before the kidnapping and theft — they were contacted by a 61-year-old Manhattan woman who reported that Snyder , a former roommate , may have taken some of her personal property from her home .
Officers determined more than $ 2,000 worth of technology and other items had been stolen . As a result , Snyder also was arrested in connection with that theft , criminal damage to property and making false information . Police said Snyder claimed the property was his own on a pawn slip .
Police said Snyder also was arrested in connection with an incident Thursday in which a 32-year-old Manhattan man reported his firearm was missing from his home . Investigators found the gun had been pawned under false pretenses .
Just need the printable incubation chart – right now ? Here you go ! ; )
It 's a little early in the season , I will admit . But a couple of weeks ago , I could n't wait any longer . I got out the incubators , and set my first batch of eggs to incubate ! I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE hatching out chicks . It is unquestionably one of my favorite things about homestead life .
Izzy was excited to see the incubators come out as well . She saw me carrying the bright yellow Brinsea Octagon up from storage in the basement , and yelled “ EGGS ! Babies ! ! ” Yes , little one , it might be the middle of winter , but in this house – it 's hatching time .
Being a year older than last hatching season has definitely brought a new level of involvement and interest from my little farm girl . She was already a pro last year , when it came to turning eggs , handling them carefully , and holding and singing lullabies to baby chicks . This year , she 's even more deeply interested in the process . What makes one egg go in the incubator , and the other into our breakfast ? How often do we get to turn the eggs ? When will we get to candle them ?
MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
So I made up a printable chart for her to follow along . And I figured that , honestly , I kind of wish I had a chick hatching chart for ME when I first started incubating eggs . I thought I would share it here , in case anyone else could use a little step-by-step incubating check sheet . For using this with young children ( or even just the young at heart ) , this lends itself well to being a sticker chart . We put a sticker in the box every time we complete a task .
This time around , I used stickers I happened to have on hand . Next time , I think I 'm just going to have to splurge on some extra-cute baby chick stickers , like these or these !
If you 're wondering about how we fit the various tasks of incubation into a toddler 's day , this is generally how it goes :
Turning the eggs is one of the very first things we do in the morning . Blinky-eyed , and sporting some awesome baby bedhead , she can hardly get to the incubator fast enough to say “ good morning , ” and give the eggs their first turn . Before naptime , we turn them again . We also check that the temperature is correct , and that there 's enough water in the reservoir so the humidity will stay stable . ( TWO stickers on our chick hatching chart ! ) Then last thing before bed , we turn the eggs one more time , give the incubator a little pat , and say “ good night ! ”
Days 8 and 15 are special . THAT 'S when we get to candle the eggs ! If you need a quick tutorial on how to do this , check out this one from the Chicken Chick . Want to watch me candle chicken eggs on every single day of development , starting with Day3 ? You can find my candling videos here ! Depending on the age of your kids , candling night might be a special evening that they get to stay up a little later . Candling is best done in a very dark room , so I do all of my candling at night . Thankfully , it still gets dark pretty early right now , so it 's not too hard to make time for it before a comfortable bed time .
We still have several days left before this first batch hatches . These are pure Icelandic landrace chicks , and they 're always such a variety of colors , I never know what I 'm going to get . I can hardly wait – both for the joy of watching them hatch , and also the joy of watching Izzy watch them hatch !
I wish you very much the best of luck , as you hatch out your new little fluffballs . If you ever have questions about incubating , send them my way ! I 'm an absolute hatchaholic , and LOVE chatting about hatching . And if you have any cute pictures to share of your new little chick babies , PLEASE post some of that fluffy goodness in the comments ! There will never be enough adorable chick pictures in the world !
Peace , love , and fluffballs…
~ A
Pin for later :
Save
Save
Save
Save
The Eurocrisis has infused yet more alienation into the already detached relations between the EU and Turkey , formally still involved in accession talks . Many Turks look at the trouble-stricken and enfeebled Union with an overt sense of Schadenfreude . And they relish at their own robust growth , which has kept apace irrespective of the stalled accession negotiations . Turkey feels empowered : no longer on the European periphery , but at the centre of its own world spanning from North Africa and the Middle East all the way to the Balkans , the Caucasus and Central Asia . The Arab Awakening seemingly vindicates this vision , though turmoil in Syria has exposed the limits of Ankara 's influence . But crises present opportunities too . It is precisely from the depths of the Union 's ongoing drama that a “ post-hubris ” Turkey could rise from its ashes if and as it is brought organically into the conversation on the future shape of the European integration experiment .
Paper produced within the framework of the project Turkey , Europe and the World . Publ . in IAI Research Paper 9 .
PUP . Brian Rankin/THE VARSITY
“ I think the official story is that it 's the urinal , ” drummer Zack Mykula tells me . “ We 'll say it 's the urinal. ” Like the Joker from The Dark Knight , PUP believes in a choose-your-own origin story . Today , it seems , Toronto 's punk rock quartet found their name in graffiti above a urinal at Sneaky Dee 's .
What 's less debatable , however , is the acclaim PUP has enjoyed since breaking out in 2013 . While recording , releasing , and touring their self-titled debut record , what began as a group of friends jamming evolved into a well-oiled , Juno-nominated punk rock machine . After two long years on the road , the group is gearing up to release their hotly anticipated sophomore LP , The Dream is Over , later this year .
In the band 's basement jam space , we talk songwriting , broadening genres , and the video games that inspired the music video for their latest single , “ DVP . ”
“ The snotty little brothers ”
Striking a balance between pop hooks and unabashedly heavy guitars and drums , PUP have found themselves welcomed by two very different music audiences .
“ There 's now a tradition kind of introduced by Alexisonfire where heavier music is becoming a little more accepted . So I ca n't say we 're blazing any trails or whatever , ” Mykula explains . “ But yeah , just by virtue of what we listen to and how we write , it just happened that we write pop music that 's heavy . ”
“ It 's been interesting though , ” adds lead vocalist and guitarist Stefan Babcock . “ Because of that sound we 've been able to open for such a wide variety of bands. ” Babcock recounts a 2013 tour opening for Vancouver based group The Zolas and Toronto 's Hollerado , both lighter-sounding acts , that was followed immediately by a series of shows with the hardcore band , Cancer Bats .
“ The demographic is just the exact opposite , and somehow we found a way to fit in with both of those tours , ” Babcock says . “ On the Hollerado/Zolas tour we were like the crazy heavy badass punks , and then we went on this Cancer Bats tour and we were like the snotty little brothers , you know ? ”
The most recent single of their upcoming record is an example of the group 's blend of hardcore and melodic sound . Falsetto “ oohs ” rest atop relentless drumming in “ DVP , ” while Babcock shouts , “ She says that I drink too much , I fucked up and she hates my guts . ”
The music video , dreamt up and directed by filmmaker Jeremy Schaulin-Rioux , blends the band 's feverish sound with the fast-paced , flashy video games the guys grew up playing in the mid-nineties .
“ We listen to Tony Hawk soundtracks ”
Noting other Canadian acts , like Bossie and BADBADNOTGOOD , that often channel the sounds of old 8-bit video games , I ask the band if the games ever inspired their music . “ It definitely had an impact on me , ” Mykula says . “ We were in a band that covered some Mega Man songs , ” bassist Nestor Chumak chimes in . I profess my love of Mega Man 2 's soundtrack , but am quickly reminded by Mykula that Mega Man 7 and X are simply where it 's at . “ Mega Man X , the composition is insane , and then Super Metroid , the composition is insane . ”
PUP has clearly earned gaming chops . “ I think the thing about a lot of that music too is Nintendo had the kind of big budget to hire someone who was a composer , ” guitarist Steve Sladkowski suggests . “ All of that music is really a lot more complex than I think people would realize just given the medium and the format. ” The band also points to the Tony Hawk Pro Skater games as seminal crash courses on punk music in their youth . “ That 's what we do when we decide to do a new cover . We listen to Tony Hawk soundtracks . ”
PUP 's LP was released via Royal Mountain Records , a label founded by members of Hollerado that now feature talent like Alvvays and PKEW PKEW PKEW , among others . Babcock describes the ever-growing label as a DIY kind of label . “ It 's really like a group of friends who just kind of help each other , and it 's kind of cool to be a part of that . ”
Although some artists write tracks for their sophomore records while touring , PUP 's style of songwriting simply does n't allow for that luxury .
“ Because of the nature of how we write as a band , which is really the four of us in a room putting the songs together , you ca n't do that on the road . It 's literally impossible , ” Babcock says. ” The majority of the songs we wrote for the record we did kind of in short spurts whenever we were home . We 'd be home for a month and spend five days a week writing , ” adds Sladkowski . “ It was a very tough job in a lot of ways , which was cool because that 's kind of what we all wanted in a way , for this to really be the full time thing . ”
“ There was kind of this fear at the beginning of , ‘ if we 're on the road this much , how are we ever going to complete a record ? ' ” Babcock explains . “ But the thing that I found pretty cool is that you 're on the road and you 're just kind of playing shows every night and not really doing much else and not writing , but there 's this whole kind of creative buildup that happens in your subsconscious… and when you have a moment to come home and sit back and regroup , all of that creativity that 's been building up just kind of vomits out of you really fast . ”
“ The kind of band we are and the kind of band we want to be ”
While staying true to the sort of sounds that initially attracted their fans , The Dream is Over wo n't be a cut and paste of the 2013 LP . “ It 's generally heavier than the last record . We just kind of have a much clearer understanding of the kind of band we are and the kind of band we want to be , whereas the previous record we were kind of figuring out what our sound was going to be . ”
PUP 's self-titled debut album sought to channel the sound and sensation of their live show ; feedback and all , the record conveys the rawness of a distortion-heavy rock show . With album two , they hope to take that even further .
“ I think we accomplished what we were going for , ” Babcock says . “ The question is just whether people are going to connect with it or not . ”
Tags : PUP , rock , Toronto
Before the young women in the Japanese trio Babymetal were inducted into the weirdest and most terrifyingly adorable hard-rock band in the world , they hardly knew what heavy metal was .
`` When we first started out , we had no idea what metal music was all about , '' says lead singer Suzuka Nakamoto , who goes by Su-Metal , in a translated email interview . `` But now we listen to everything from cute songs to all sorts of metal music . I am sure there are some people who say that we are not metal , but we want to create a new genre that will appeal to people of all ages , both boys and girls . ''
A click-bait combination of theater , thunder-bringing hard rock and ( sometimes uncomfortable ) pubescent bubble gum kitsch , Babymetal , with songs mostly in Japanese , is one of the world 's leading ambassadors of idol pop , a personality-driven , prepackaged offshoot of Japanese pop that prizes cuteness and youth . Its best-selling , self-titled debut will be reissued for American audiences in June by Sony Entertainment , to which Babymetal is now signed . The group has opened for Lady Gaga , played some of the world 's biggest hard-rock festivals and sold out shows in London , Los Angeles and New York ( Babymetal plays House of Blues here Thursday ) .
The Babymetal live shows are becoming legendary : The girls , who range in age from 15 to 17 ( and are styled to look even younger , in pigtails and tutus ) , sing , scream and dance while older , costume-clad male musicians play instruments behind them . Traditional Western notions of authenticity do n't apply to idol pop , says Patrick St. Michel , a Tokyo-based pop culture journalist who has written extensively about the genre .
`` The music is secondary with a lot of idol pop . It 's all about the experience , the story that they sell you , '' St. Michel says . `` You 're sort of in this together with the group , like , 'We 're going to rise together . We need your help to do this . ' They 'll sell a single for the equivalent of $ 10 , and fans are supposed to buy multiple copies to get tickets to go to handshake events and to get ballots to vote in idol elections . ''
Metal idol groups were not something that historically existed until Babymetal producer Key Kobayashi , aka Kobametal , sensed an opening . `` In the past , the metal scene has a lot of different bands , and it was rich with all sorts of different types of metal , '' he says ( like the girls , he was interviewed by email ) . `` But I noticed that lately there are a lot of bands that are very alike musically , that it feels almost like the scene is in a rut . The name Babymetal means the birth of a new type of metal which is a fusion of metal sounds with J-pop sounds which are unique to Japan . Babymetal is doing something that other metal bands are not , and is striving to be the only one . ''
Watch the official music video for `` Gim me Chocolate '' from Japenese trio Babymetal . Watch the official music video for `` Gim me Chocolate '' from Japenese trio Babymetal . SEE MORE VIDEOS
Idol artists are meant to be polarizing — factionalism encourages high-dollar loyalty — but Babymetal needed to win over both idol music fans , many of whom are middle-aged men , and skeptical metalheads , who tend to be younger .
After some early pushback from purists , and some well-timed praise from Slash and Metallica 's Kirk Hammett , worldwide resistance has crumbled .
It helps that Kobametal appears to have exhaustively studied metal and can defang its symbols and creation myths for Babymetal 's audiences . The girls use fox horns instead of devil horns , though this was n't to dilute the gesture 's potentially off-putting Satanic implications ; they merely got confused .
`` When we were first figuring out some dance moves for our song , our choreographer showed us a picture of the devil horns sign , '' says Yui Mizuno , also known as Yuimetal . `` But as we were not so familiar with metal back then , we thought it looked like a fox sign . When our choreographer saw us holding up the fox sign instead , she decided to just include the fox sign into our performance . ''
Being an idol pop star of any kind has its hazards :
Last year , members of the pioneering group AKB48 were attacked during a meet-and-greet by a man wielding a saw . Some idol groups replace members as they age out , but fans are likely too attached to the young women of Babymetal to tolerate replacements .
The bigger dangers for the schoolgirls in Babymetal : the passage of time , and the erosion of the novelty factor . Idol pop in general `` has an expiration date , and eventually it will stop , '' St. Michel says . `` J-pop music does n't get any attention abroad , so Babymetal has managed something impressive . It all plays into this image of , 'Oh , Japan 's so crazy . Look at this . ' There 's always that element lurking beneath it . ''
When : 6:30 P.M. Thursday
Where : House of Blues ,
329 N. Dearborn St .
Tickets : Sold out ; 312-923-2000 or livenation.com
Stewart is a freelance writer .
onthetown @ tribpub.com
Twitter @ chitribent
Science fiction props , artifacts , and ephemera are very easy to find on auction sites although they can often be expensive to obtain . And one of the great sources of cool stuff is Star Trek . So today I have a set of behind-the-scenes photographs taken on the set of Star Trek in 1966 .
Most of these pictures feature Leonard Nimoy as Mr. Spock , although we also get appearances from Capt . Kirk and Mr. Sulu . Based on some of the props seen in these shots , I 'm guessing at least some of them were taken during the filming of “ The Galileo Seven , ” which aired in January 1967 . Look for the pictures of Spock with the giant spear and Yeoman Mears ( Phyllis Douglas ) fending off one of the ape-like creatures of Taurus II .
II . Interventionism
For about a hundred years the Communists and interventionists of all shades have been indefatigable in predicting the impending final collapse of capitalism . While their prophecies have not come true , the world today has to face the agony of the much glorified policies of the Welfare State .
The Welfare State
The guiding principles of the Welfare State were best laid down by Ferdinand Lassalle ( 1825-1864 ) , both the friend and rival of Marx . Lassalle ridiculed the liberal doctrines . They assigned to the state , he remarked sneeringly , only the functions of a night watchman . In his eyes the state ( with a capital S ) was God and Santa Claus at the same time . The state had inexhaustible funds at its disposal , which could freely be used to make all citizens prosperous and happy . The state should nationalize big business , underwrite projects for the realization of which private capital was not available , redistribute national income , and provide for everyone security from the cradle to the grave .
For Bismarck and his professorial henchmen , deadly foes of `` Anglo-Saxon '' freedom as they were , this welfare state program was the consummation of the historical mission of Germany 's ruling Hohenzollern dynasty as well as of the social gospel of a new Christianity . This Sozialpolitik provided a common ground for the cooperation of churchmen and atheists , of royalists and republicans , of nationalists and internationalists . Capitalism had multiplied population figures and raised the average standard of living to an unprecedented height . Yet all these groups were united in the fight against capitalism 's alleged inhumanities .
The new German policy was soon enthusiastically praised by British Fabianism , and later adopted by all European nations and by the United States .
The Welfare State school communicated to mankind the tidings that the philosophers ' stone had finally been found . Self-styled `` new economics '' dismissed as palpable nonsense what `` orthodox '' economics had said about the alleged nature-given limitation of useful goods and resources and the consequent necessity of saving and progressive capital accumulation . There is , they shouted , abundance ; poverty is merely the outcome of bad policies favoring the selfish interests of the few at the expense of the many .
Let the Rich Pay
If the interventionist says the state should do this or that ( and pay for it ) he is fully aware of the fact that the state does not own any funds but those which it collects as taxes from citizens . His idea is to let the government tax away the greater part of the income and capital of the wealthy citizens and spend this revenue for the benefit of the majority of the people . The riches of the nabobs are considered inexhaustible , and so , consequently , are the funds of the government . There is no need to be stingy in matters of public expenditure . What may appear as waste in the affairs of individual citizens , when we consider the nation 's budget , is a means of creating jobs and promoting welfare .
Under the impact of such doctrines the system of progressive tax rates was carried to extremes . But then finally the myth of the inexhaustibleness of the wealth of the rich had to evaporate . The politicians were perplexed when they discovered that they had reached the limit . Several years ago , Mr. Hugh Gaitskell [ 1906-1963 ] , head of the British Treasury in the socialist cabinet of Mr. Clement Attlee [ 1883-1967 ] , had to admit `` that there is not enough money to take away from England 's rich to raise the standard of living any further . '' The same is true for all other nations . In this country even if all taxable income of those earning more than $ 25,000 were confiscated , the additional income to the government would amount to much less than $ 1,000,000,000 , a trifle when compared with a [ 1953 ] budget of roughly $ 78,000,000,000 and a threatened deficit of $ 10,000,000,000 . The house of cards built by the `` new economics '' is crashing .
Politics seemed to be a very simple thing in these last decades . The main task of a politician was to induce the government to spend more and more . Subsidies , public works , new offices with hosts of employees , and many other costly things secured popularity and votes . Let `` them , '' that is , the rich , pay . But now their funds are spent . Henceforth the funds of the beneficiaries themselves will have to be tapped if more handouts are to be made to them .
The statist philosophy considers the entrepreneur a useless idler who skims the cream from industry without performing any corresponding economic service . The nationalization of business it is said merely abolishes the unjustified privileges of parasitic drones . A salaried public servant does the jobs previously assigned to the businessman much more efficiently and much more cheaply . The expropriation of private ownership is especially urgent in the field of public utilities .
Guided by these principles , the governments of the various European countries long ago nationalized the railroads , the telephone and the telegraph , and many other branches of business . The result was catastrophic : scandalously poor service , high rates , yearly increasing deficits that have to be covered out of budgetary allowances .
Derailment of State Railroads
The financial embarrassment of the main European countries is predominantly caused by the bankruptcy of the nationalized public utilities . The deficit of these enterprises is incurable . A further rise in their rates would bring about a drop in total net proceeds . The traffic could not bear it . Daily experience proves clearly to everybody but the most bigoted fanatics of socialism that governmental management is inefficient and wasteful . But it is impossible to sell these enterprises back to private capital because the threat of a new expropriation by a later government would deter potential buyers .
In a capitalist country the railroads and the telegraph and telephone companies pay considerable taxes . In the countries of the mixed economy , the yearly losses of these public enterprises are a heavy drain upon the nation 's purse . They are not taxpayers , but tax-eaters .
Under the conditions of today , the nationalized public utilities of Europe are not merely feasting on taxes paid by the citizens of their own country ; they are also living at the expense of the American taxpayer . A considerable part of the foreign-aid billions is swallowed by the deficits of Europe 's nationalization experiments . If the United States had nationalized the American railroads , and had not only to forgo the taxes that the companies pay , but , in addition , to cover every year a deficit of several billions , it would not have been in a position to indemnify the European countries for the foolishness of their own socialization policies . So what is postponing the obvious collapse of the Welfare State in Europe is merely the fact that the United States has been slow and `` backward '' in adopting the principles of the Welfare State 's `` new economics '' : it has not nationalized railroads , telephone , and telegraph .
Yet Americans who want to study the effects of public ownership of transit systems are not forced to visit Europe . Some of the nation 's largest cities ? among them Detroit , Baltimore , Boston , San Francisco ? provide them with ample material . The most instructive case , however , is that of the New York City subways .
New York City subways are only a local transit system . In many technological and financial respects , however , they surpass by far the national railroad systems of many countries . As everybody knows , their operation results every year in a tremendous deficit . The financial management accumulates operating deficits , planning to fund them by the issuance of serial bonds . Only a municipality of the bigness , wealth , and prestige of New York could venture on such a policy . With a private corporation financial analysts would apply a rather ugly word to its procedures : bankruptcy . No sane investor would buy bonds of a private corporation run on such a basis .
Incorrigible socialists are , of course , not at all alarmed . `` Why should a subway pay ? '' they are asking . `` The schools , the hospitals , the police do not pay ; there is no reason why it should be different with a transit system . '' This `` why '' is really remarkable . As if the problem were to find an answer to a why , and not to a wherefrom .
There is always this socialist prepossession with the idea that the `` rich '' can be endlessly soaked . The sad fact , however , is that there is not enough left to fill the bottomless barrels of the public treasury . Precisely because the schools , the hospitals , and the police are very expensive , the city can not bear the subway deficit . If it wants to levy a special tax to subsidize the subway , it will have to tax the same people who are supposed to profit from the preservation of the low fare .
The other alternative is to raise the fare from the present [ 1953 ] level of ten cents to fifteen cents . It will certainly be done . And it will certainly prove insufficient . After a while a rise to twenty cents will follow ? with the same unfavorable result . There is no remedy for the inefficiency of public management . Moreover there is a limit to the height at which raised rates will increase revenue . Beyond this point further rises are self-defeating . This is the dilemma facing every public enterprise .
Subways at a Dead End
How little the management of the New York City subways is touched by the spirit of business was proved a short time ago when it triumphantly announced economies made by cutting down services . While all private enterprises in the country compete with one another in improving and expanding services , the municipality of New York is proud of cutting them down !
When economists clearly demonstrated the reasons why socialism can not work , the statists and interventionists arrogantly proclaimed their contempt for mere theory . `` Let the facts speak for themselves ; not economics books , only experience counts . '' Now the facts have spoken .
It is just an historical accident that transportation systems were nationalized while bakeries and automobile factories remained in the hands of private capital . If it had been the other way round , the socialists would perorate : `` It is obvious that bakeries and automobile plants can not pay like railroads . They are public utilities supplying the masses with vital necessities . They must show deficits , and the taxes paid by the extremely profitable railroads must provide the government with the funds required for making good these deficits . ''
It is paradoxical indeed that Washington is eager to spend the taxpayers ' money for the benefit of European deficit railroads and does not bother about the transit deficits of large American cities . Marshall Plan aid seems to differ from charity , at least in this respect ? it does not begin at home .
History has been rather kind to the American voter . It has provided him with object lessons in socialism . If he looks behind the Iron Curtain , he can learn useful things about the one-party system of the classless and profitless `` peoples ' democracies . '' If he studies European budgets , he will be informed about the `` blessings '' of nationalization . Even if he stays at home , he can extend his views by carefully reading what the newspapers report about the financial breakdown of New York City , the world 's largest and richest urban agglomeration , the intellectual capital of Western civilization , the home of the United Nations . There is plenty of experience that can induce a man to analyze scrupulously what the progressive propaganda has taught him , and to think twice before again casting his vote for the apostles of socialization and advocates of public spending .
Reprinted from The Freeman , May 4 , 1953 .
Clement Grenier : Expects to be on his way out of Lyon this summer
The 22-year-old has been linked with the Gunners for some time , while Liverpool and Juventus are also said to be closely monitoring his situation in France .
Lyon is reluctant to part with the services of a key performer in their present and future , but would struggle to turn down a sizeable approach .
Grenier , who has been called up to the senior France squad for the first time , has revealed that he expects to be on his way to pastures new .
He has stopped short of revealing the identity of his next club , but admits a switch to the Premier League would appeal .
`` I have more or less made a decision about which club I want to join , '' said Grenier .
`` I have made the choice for sporting reasons above all . Arsenal ? It could well be them .
`` There would be competition for places , but you get that at all big clubs and it does not stop me making my decision .
`` I am still young , but I have always set myself targets and I do everything possible to exceed them . ''
If everything with the 2014 NFL Draft order stays where it is right now , the overwhelming opinion is that the team sitting at number one , the Houston Texans , will take a quarterback with that pick . On Saturday at the NFL Scouting Combine , they 'll meet with undoubtedly the most famous prospect of them all as the team will sit down with former Texas A & M quarterback , Johnny Manziel .
Texans are scheduled to meet with Johnny Manziel on Saturday . — John McClain ( @ McClain_on_NFL ) February 21 , 2014
Manziel is just one of a few prospects that people see as having a clear-cut shot at being drafted first overall , and the Texans are indeed in need of a franchise quarterback , as we saw last season .
The only question surrounding the Texans choosing Manziel is whether or not his style of play is a good fit with new head coach , Bill O'Brien . O'Brien is renowned as sort of quarterback guru , however he mainly deals with traditional pro-style passers which we know that Manziel isn't–yet .
Could a dynamite interview sway Houston even further in the direction of the former Heisman winner ?
A Delhi child with cerebral palsy inspired the development of the first commercial exoskeleton for children with disabilities by two young Indo-Canadian engineers .
Manmeet Maggu and Rahul Udasi , both 26 , who first met as students of mechatronics engineering at the University of Waterloo in Ontario , have set up the fledgling start-up , Trexo Robotics , to roll out the exoskeleton .
Maggu , born in Chandigarh , was influenced by the film Iron Man , and robotics was “ a natural pull ” . Initially , he looked at building an upper body exoskeleton as a side project during his years as an undergraduate .
However , his project turned personal after his Delhi-based brother Upinder 's son Praneit was diagnosed with cerebral palsy , a disease that greatly impairs motor function .
“ I found out my nephew has cerebral palsy and he might never be able to walk . That really pushed us to consider our purpose as mechatronics engineers . And it became the motivation for us to build something for my nephew , ” Maggu told Hindustan Times .
Maggu and Udasi bonded and roomed together and subsequently moved to Toronto , where Maggu completed an MBA at the University of Toronto 's Rotman School of Management while Udasi finished a Master 's in Robotics .
Now , with an office located in Mississauga , a suburb of Toronto , they will formally release the device this quarter .
The two decided to build the exoskeleton around a walker that the child used in India after spending last summer at Upinder 's house in Delhi .
Rahul Udasi ( left ) and Manmeet Maggu , founders of Trexo Robotics . ( Chris Sorensen/University of Toronto )
“ Last year we watched my nephew taking his first steps using our device . It was an incredibly proud moment . It was proof of concept that showed us this can work , ” Maggu said .
“ Our current version is the final version that children will be able to use , while there are some features we want to add in the future , ” Udasi said .
The exoskeleton and the metal and plastic-based casings for the legs are powered by batteries and help ease the process of walking for a child .
“ It 's a robotic device that can provide the child with rehabilitation and mobility , ” Maggu said .
Often disabled children get tired easily and develop an awkward gait . ReX is intended to address that .
“ Their body has never been taught the correct gait and they naturally fall into the lowest energy gait cycle . So , if one leg is weaker , you 're putting a lot more force on the other leg . When the exoskeleton is attached onto the walker , firstly it 's going to move your legs in the correct gait pattern . Secondly , you can adjust the parameters , so if one leg is weaker than the other , you can adjust the settings accordingly so that both of them are being exercised at the same time . Thirdly , it can actually help you walk longer periods . So , our vision is this can actually be a wheelchair replacement , ” Maggu said .
The device will also allow such children to enjoy walking outdoors , which is problematic with walkers . At this time , they have prototypes of the device at clinics in the region , and have parents bring their children to their office to try them out .
Watch| Footage of the exoskeleton and interview with engineer Manmeet Maggu
A lot of the fabrication is being done in India , with Maggu 's brother involved in that process . Part of the effort is to make the device “ cool ” for the child , from the Iron Man vibe to “ gamifying ” it and having an interactive interface with a tablet which can also play the kid 's favourite cartoon to keep them “ engaged ” , Maggu said .
These are , in a sense , the first steps for the young company .
“ We envision that our technology can be used to build a pathway for all those with disabilities , not just children but adults as well . We envision a future where exoskeletons can be used to augment any sort of human effort . That 's not restricted just to disability but even to increasing the ability of the individual as well , ” Maggu said .
But for now , the focus is on getting the device in the market . And just as importantly , getting it to its prime inspiration as Maggu said , “ I 'm going to take it to Delhi for Praneit . ”
First Published : Jul 02 , 2017 07:18 IST
We 've been watching the rapid ascent of Delaware 's Scorched with increasing excitement ever since we premiered a full stream of their self-titled demo in May 2015 , which was then about to be released by Unspeakable Axe . And just this past July our Norwegian friend Gorger praised their split with Putrisect ( Final State of Existence ) in his own distinctive voice . We also made mention of the excellent four-way split they joined along with Gatecreeper , Homewrecker , and Outer Heaven .
But now the band have reached new heights with their first full-length album , Echoes of Dismemberment , which it 's our pleasure to premiere for you in advance of its November 25 release by Unspeakable Axe .
When I heard the first publicly released song from the album ( “ Rot In Confinement ” ) after it premiered at DECIBEL , I ventured the opinion that Scorched were “ about to blow up ” . Now having heard the full album , I still feel that way — in spades .
You 'll get a vivid sense of the band 's subject matter , and of the blood-soaked morbidity of their music , from the song titles alone . To borrow one of them , what you have here been dealings of a gruesome kind . To borrow from the other titles , flesh awaits our ghoulish attention , rotting in confinement with a vile lingering stench , and Scorched take us to the chamber where the torture will be prolonged , the walls echoing with dismemberment , the autopsy left incomplete , with the growing excitement that comes from craving human remnants… and in the end , we 'll all be scorched .
Allegedly inspired by such films as the widely banned and graphically brutal Cannibal Holocaust and the ridiculously vile I Spit On Your Grave , Scorched have made their own gore-soaked audio horror . No , they are not the first death metal band to embrace this kind of nightmarish death metal degeneracy — they join a long and venerable legacy within the genre , anchored by such heavyweights as Grave and Autopsy— but they 've done it with precocious mastery .
Scorched construct their scenes of slaughter by deploying massive , distorted , bone-grinding riffs and deranged , whammy-tortured solos , along with bone-cracking drumwork , grisly tremolo leads , and demented , flickering fretboard frenzies , augmented by utterly gruesome gurgles , growls , roars , and skin-splitting howls . And they enhance the supernatural cast of the album by segmenting the songs with interludes and song intros made of menacing keyboard instrumentals and wordless choral voices .
The songs are also tremendously dynamic , moving fluidly among immense lumbering stomps , monstrous loping canters , pile-driving hammer blows , bursts of grinding , thrashing mayhem , gruesome lurching staggers , pavement-splitting chugs , and full-on rumbling tank attacks . You 're never left in one pace or rhythm for very long , and that 's part of what makes the album so galvanizing .
The songs are also hellishly infectious . In fact , the odds are high that “ Rot In Confinement ” will wind up on our year-end list of the year 's most infectious songs .
So , prepare to eat your fill of decaying flesh… and smile broadly while you do it . To pre-order the album , go HERE .
Scorched on Facebook :
https : //www.facebook.com/scorchedde
Unspeakable Axe :
http : //unspeakableaxerecords.com
http : //www.facebook.com/unspeakableaxerecords
THE PENTAGON — Armed Russian fighters have sortied from carrier Admiral Kuznetsov for flights over Syria ahead of an anticipated combined arms strike on rebels opposed to Bashar al-Assad near Aleppo , a U.S. defense official told USNI News on Tuesday .
While the fighters have not dropped ordnance in scouting out the approaches to Aleppo , signs point to the combination of Sukhoi Su-33s and Mikoyan MiG-29Ks as part of a larger force set to move on Aleppo as soon as this week , the official confirmed .
In a statement , the Pentagon chided Russian statement in the press telegraphing the impending assault on Aleppo but did not provide additional details .
“ We are aware of reports that the Russian Federation is preparing to escalate their military campaign in Syria . The United States , time and again , has worked to try and de-escalate the violence in Syria and provide humanitarian aid to civilians suffering under siege , ” read the statement on reports of impending Russian strikes provided to USNI News on Wednesday .
“ Yet instead of joining us constructively to reach those goals , Russia has continued to back the Bashar al-Assad regime 's war against the Syrian people . The comments from the Russian Ministry of Defense suggest they are more interested in the world seeing Russia 's naval capabilities in action than the world seeing Russia live up to its word . An escalation would make it harder to resolve the brutal civil war in Syria and raise more doubts about Russia 's commitment to a political solution . ”
Operating south of Cyprus , Kuznetsov is part of a surface action group — made up of the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov , cruiser Peter the Great and two Udaloy-class guided missile destroyers plus auxiliaries — the Russians moved into striking range of positions near Aleppo this week , officials told USNI News .
In addition to the quartet , the Russian Navy sortied the new frigate Admiral Grigorovich from the Black Sea in the region . Grigorovich is armed with Russian Kalibir NK long-range land attack cruise missiles – first used operationally last year in strikes in Syria from Russian patrol ships in the Caspian Sea .
Russia have operated strike fighters from bases in Syria for more than the last year and also established a healthy air defense network over their installations .
Relative to existing forces , the addition of the Russian ships bring little to the fight within the borders of Syria , the capabilities of the action group and coastal defense anti-ship missiles Russian forces have in the country could severely complicate operations of U.S. ships and aircraft operating in the Eastern Mediterranean , USNI News understands .
by
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan , where they recently mounted a major military operation in Helmand province in the south and where throughout the rest of the country they are increasingly active , is emphatic evidence that NATO 's prolonged military mission there has been a dismal failure . This failure is not however a measure of the failure to impose a liberal democracy in the country but in the lives destroyed in the attempt .
As is the case all across the UK in 2015 , homeless people are a regular fixture on the high street close to where I live ; to the point where you ca n't walk for five minutes in either direction without coming across one sitting on the pavement begging for change .
One of the regulars – let 's call him David – is an ex-soldier . Until recently I would come across him sitting on the pavement outside the same mini-supermarket each early evening rush hour , trying to make enough money to pay for a night at a hostel . In front of him he would have a piece of cardboard with his army service number written across it , hoping it would garner a more positive response .
David 's story is an all too common one . In his early twenties , with a young wife and two kids to support , he was made redundant from his job after serving his apprenticeship as a vehicle mechanic . Unable to find work he decided to join the army . He signed up for the minimum term of four years and in that time served four six-month tours of duty in Afghanistan . The experience left him damaged and unable to cope emotionally and psychologically with normal life once he came out . His marriage collapsed and for want of support from the state and not enough help from the various hard-pressed charities that are set up to help ex-servicemen like him , he ended up on the street .
Recently he disappeared and I stopped seeing him . I subsequently learned that he was in prison after selling heroin – heroin that likely originated in Afghanistan – to a young girl who died from it .
This spiral of despair and tale of wasted young life describes the reality of Britain 's military interventions over recent years . In Afghanistan , as with Iraq , young men such as David were thrown into a country they had no business being in to fulfil a military operation that was ill conceived , planned , and organised , lacking resources , equipment , and anywhere near enough manpower .
Where Britain is concerned we are talking war on the cheap , which in the case of Afghanistan was unleashed by Tony Blair after 9/11 to help US president George W. Bush vent revenge for this terrorist atrocity on one of the poorest countries in the world . The results , fourteen years later , are all too predictable .
Make no mistake , the Taliban are destined to be part of Afghanistan 's future . They are Afghans who inarguably enjoy wide support among the majority Pashtun population in the south of the country and are considered by the communities in which they operate to be fighting for the country 's liberation and independence . Conseqeuntly , the most grievous indictment of British and US policy is not the resurgence of the Taliban ; it is instead the recent emergence of ISIS in eastern Afghanistan . It comes as more proof that instead of making the situation better , the presence of British and American troops in the Arab and Muslim world has only made it worse .
At its peak the number of British troops and service personnel in Afghanistan reached 9,500 , the bulk of which were deployed to Helmand . The number killed stands at 456 while over 7000 have been injured or maimed . As for Afghan deaths , according to a study published by the Watson Institute at Brown University in the US , 26,000 Afghan civilians were killed between 2001 and January 2015 . As for the number injured or maimed , there are no reliable figures available but you can draw your own conclusions .
The only victors to emerge from this military and foreign policy debacle have been corruption and the heroin trade . In October the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime published its 2015 Afghanistan Opium Survey . It reveals that 66 % of the country 's opium cultivation takes place in the south – i.e . Helmand . While overall there has been a decrease in overall poppy-cultivation compared to 2014 , the number of poppy-free provinces in the country also decreased . In other words , Afghanistan and heroin are now two sides of the same coin .
Apologists for the US/British/NATO role in Afghanistan point to the achievement in leaving a country behind in which far more people have access to basic medical care and education than they did under the Taliban . While this may well be true the cost in wasted lives and corruption surely undermines it . This is without referencing the inescapable fact that the Taliban are stronger now , today , than they have been since 2001 , prior to the invasion and occupation . Here Leo Tolstoy 's dictum that ‘ The two most powerful warriors are patience and time ' receives ironclad validation .
Returning to the plight of David , a young man facing a bleak future of perennial despair , those who sent him and thousands like him over to Afghanistan to kill and be killed no doubt enjoyed their usual sumptuous Christmas this year . In a just society they would be the ones in prison and the Davids of this world would be where they rightly belong at Christmas – at home with their families looking forward to the future .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Dana Papaj , 53 , is in critical condition after being struck in a hit and run accident in Grand Island Tuesday . She is pictured her with her dog , Molly , who she was walking with when she was hit .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Dana Papaj , 53 , is in critical condition after being struck in a hit and run accident in Grand Island Tuesday . She is pictured her with her dog , Molly , who she was walking with when she was hit .
GRAND ISLAND , N.Y. ( WIVB ) - New York State Police have located the vehicle that struck a Grand Island woman and drove off . The woman is in critical condition as of Wednesday night .
Dana Papaj , 53 , was walking her dog on the west shoulder of the road between Whitehaven Road and Riverwoods Drive when the truck hit her from behind .
State Police say she 's at ECMC with extensive head injuries .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Papaj is seen here with newborn grandson Mikey , who was born just five days before the accident .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Papaj is seen here with newborn grandson Mikey , who was born just five days before the accident .
This image was captured by a neighbor 's security camera , which police say played a crucial role in their investigation .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO- A photo of the vehicle believed to be involved in a Grand Island hit and run Tuesday evening .
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved CONTRIBUTED PHOTO- A photo of the vehicle believed to be involved in a Grand Island hit and run Tuesday evening .
Catching the incident on camera will help speed up this case . State Police say the call originally came in to the County 9-1-1 center .
Now , the hunt is on for who is responsible for this accident . A driver has not been identified . New York State Police Trooper James O'Callaghan said , `` We live in Buffalo , so right after the winter , you know when you hit even a pothole . It 's unfortunate they just kept going . You hit somebody walking a dog on the side of the road , I think it 's up to you as an operator of a vehicle to absolutely turn yourself in . ''
Those who may have information about the accident are being asked to call State Police at ( 585 ) 344-6200 .
Paul LePage , voter registration slacker .
AUGUSTA , Maine—Members of the coalition hoping to restore same-day voter registration in Maine released information early Tuesday detailing legislators who voted to eliminate same-day registration but registered to vote on or near Election Day themselves. [ ... ] The names of legislators released includes three state senators—including Senate President Kevin Raye of Perry , a co-sponsor of the bill that eliminated same-day registration — and seven members of the House of Representatives . Same-day voter registration was eliminated with the passage of LD 1376 in June . Both votes in the House and Senate fell sharply along party lines . Since the bill 's passage , Protect Maine Votes has gathered the necessary signatures to force a statewide people 's veto. [ ... ] In addition to numerous members of the House and Senate whose registration would not have been allowed under current law , Gov . Paul LePage , who signed the bill eliminating same-day registration , registered to vote in Waterville on the day before Election Day in 1982 . Several members of LePage 's senior staff also registered on or near Election Day , including his press secretary and legislative policy coordinator .
Out of Maine comes a prototypical Republican being Republicans story
How much more Republican can you get ? They used the law to their advantage , but killed it for everyone else . Protect Maine Votes compiled and released this information , because , as communications director David Farmer says , `` One of the primary arguments made for the repeal of same-day registration is that people who register late do n't care , are lazy or are ill-informed . '' By pointing out the number of state leaders who used the law themselves , they hope to poke a big hole in that argument .
The organization has gathered enough signatures to put an initiative to restore same-day registration on this November 's statewide ballot , if the legislature does n't overturn it in this special session .
1 of 15 View Captions
Courtesy photo After his LDS mission , Evan McMullin spent a summer working as a deckhand on a fishing vessel to make enough money Courtesy photo After his LDS mission , Evan McMullin spent a summer working as a deckhand on a fishing vessel to make enough money Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to The Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin speaks at a rally in Draper , Friday , Oct 21 , 2016 ( Alex Gallivan/Special to the
TV Report via Naver1 . [ +10,259 , -1,281 ] What did iKON even do this year to warrant them not only coming out to this ceremony but even receiving an award ? And why were they given such a long stage time ? ( when Bolbbalgan Sachungi were n't given a stage at all ) . And it 's weird that Black Pink somehow beat IOI to win the rookie award while Akdong Musician was in the top 10 which does n't make sense ( where were the Wonder Girls and B2ST ? ) YG , please throw your pride elsewhere .. 2 . [ +9,129 , -1,087 ] MMA was definitely biased towards YG . I thought they 'd at least give the rookie award to both Black Pink and IOI ; weird that iKON won an award , weird that AkMu was in the top 10 when the Wonder Girls should 've taken their place3 . [ +6,385 , -501 ] JYP was totally ignored . Twice deserved a couple more awards and the Wonder Girls ' 'Why So Lonely ' was n't super daebak but it did really well , did n't it ? 4 . [ +3,500 , -337 ] Congratulations to everyone who won ! 5 . [ +2,623 , -289 ] Congratulations to everyone who won ! 6 . [ +1,379 , -93 ] The Wonder Girls did so well digitally ㅋㅋ but they were n't in the top 10 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ7 . [ +1,221 , -94 ] I do n't understand why the Wonder Girls were n't in the top 10 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ they did so well digitally , this is hopeless . JYP actually did the best all year long ; 8 . [ +1,600 , -257 ] What is up with YG ? What did they even do this year to deserve all those awards ? 1 . [ +424 , -164 ] I do n't get how BTS won the album daesang when they were lacking in album sales ㅋㅋ should n't it have gone to EXO ? I do n't even get why EXO won the artist award when half of the group ca n't even sing , what makes them artists at all ? Urban Zakapa is more deserving of that award than EXO2 . [ +420 , -94 ] Black Pink winning rookie ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ everyone knows it should go to IOI ㅋ but of course that disgusting Hyun Suk is pulling strings from the back .. 3 . [ +50 , -9 ] If you do n't think BTS deserves the album award then EXO does n't deserve their artist award either since Girlfriend and Zico had the higher score so why is n't anyone bringing that up ? 4 . [ +47 , -18 ] EXO winning the artist award ? ? ㅋㅋ A bunch of lip syncers are now called artists ? ! You have autotune and lip sync doing all the work but of course all their ch * nk fans will vote their way to being called artists~ tsk tsk5 . [ +30 , -8 ] These ceremonies are nothing more than all the big agencies rubbing their d * cks together
Gar ho Sake to Ab Koi Shamma Jalaiye Is Daur-e-Siyasat ka Andhera Mitaiye
Friends and Comrades , from Democratic Students Union ( DSU ) , we convey our revolutionary greetings to all of you for your fearless solidarity in the last few days against the attack on the students of our campus and the institutional autonomy of the university by the State after the 9th February programme organised by some students of JNU . The students of this campus have come out unitedly against the arrest of JNUSU president and malicious witch hunting of the organisers of the programme and other students of JNU based on false charges . We condemn the consorted conspiracy viciously led by ABVP , JNU administration , the police and a section of media on all the activists in the strongest possible words .
This is a time of rising fascism , when repressive state apparatus , right wing hooligans from RSS to ABVP , the university administration and the media are trying to criminalise student politics , crush democratic voices of dissent and attack progressive individuals who support people 's democratic movements and aspirations within and outside the country . And anyone who disagrees with the propaganda of right wing forces and their idea of one nation are branded as “ anti-nationals ” . Anyone who speaks against the anti-people policies of the Indian State , neo-liberal policies , corporate loot and plunder of indigenous resources and the atrocities perpetrated by the State on the most downtrodden sections of society are labelled as Maoists and “ biggest internal security threats ” . Anyone who raised her/ his voice against the incarceration and institutional murders and rapes of Dalits , Adivasis , Muslims and other oppressed sections are tagged as terrorists and “ desh ke gaddar ” . Anyone who questions the racial discrimination and violence meted out to the people of North East or speak in solidarity with the democratic political aspirations for right to self-determination of the people of these States and Kashmir are targeted by the cannibal “ collective conscience ” propagated by the ruling classes .
We must not forget that the crackdown which we are facing in JNU is in no way separate from the repression and incarceration faced by the oppressed people of this country on an everyday basis . Neither should we forget that we can not escape this psychological warfare and reign of terror by restraining ourselves from speaking the truth out aloud . Today , we must stand united with the ongoing struggles in all campuses from IIT Madras to FTII , HCU to JNU . Our united struggle for right to dissent can not be isolated from the struggle for justice for Rohith and against institutional murder of Dalits , Brahmanism in Education and targeting of minority students .
We may have political differences with each other , but in the face of fascism , if we start condemning fellow student activists in the fear of repression , then we are readily conceding to the states ' attempt to break our unity . Now , a draconian and colonial law is being invoked by the Brahmanical Indian State to charge students with sedition for sloganeering . We may not agree with all sorts of slogans , but we must not forget the historical injustice perpetrated on the people of Kashmir and their democratic aspirations by the Indian State for more than sixty years . The charge of sedition levelled against our fellow students is nothing but a sham that puts the entire judiciary under trial .
Today , Brahmanical Hindutva Fascism in the garb of jingoistic nationalism is amassing the rural and urban unemployed youth in large numbers while simultaneously expediting the imperialist loot and plunder of people 's resources aided by the State and big corporates , bolstering its anti-people policies and pulling up the farce of “ Make in India ” . This State is trying to divert the attention of the people from its economic crisis by violently propagating Hindutva Nationalism . This nationalism is nothing but a conceited face of fascism . By enforcing unquestioning obedience to the Sangh 's notion of Hindi-Hindu-Hindustan , the Indian State is trying to create wedges between dalits , adivasis , muslims , women and other oppressed minorities because this state is fearful of our unity .
DSU strongly demands the immediate and unconditional revocation of the academic debarment of student activists and organisers of the 9th February programme . We appeal to the student community to raise the demand of scrapping the ongoing enquiry . We must remember that even before the enquiry started students were suspended from academic activities . Let us not be in the false hope of a “ fair and just ” trial because this enquiry is intrinsically linked with the ridiculous charges of sedition against some of the students . The JNU Vice Chancellor must ensure that students are not individually hounded by the administration and police . The VC must take a stand against the police intervention in the democratic space of our campus and repeal all charges against each and every student . We demand the resignation of JNU Registrar , Bupinder Zutschi , who has been acting according to the diktats of the Sangh by providing the police with personal details of students . At the same time , the JNU administration is complicit in the vicious profiling and witch hunting of the organisers in the media and by police .
We condemn the media trial of Umar Khalid , now in police custody along with Anirban Bhattacharya , which took no time to brand him as a “ terrorist mastermind ” because he comes from a minority community . Moreover , how can we expect justice from this judiciary , when Kanhaiya Kumar , the JNUSU president along with teachers and journalists were attacked at the supposed altar of justice , the court ? The assailants of Hindu Rashtra are in a frenzy to turn our universities into factories and students into unthinking machines while the judiciary has become a mute spectator to the tragi-comedy of “ Indian democracy ” unfolding on the streets and in media . Amidst all of this , lies conveniently buried the sedition case slapped against Prof. SAR Geelani from Delhi University who was arrested by the Delhi Police for merely organising a meeting against the killing of Afzal Guru on 10th February .
DSU condemns the attack by right wing forces on JNUSU president , Kanhaiya Kumar , JNU teachers and journalists in the Patiala House Court where ironically lawyers who are supposed to uphold judiciary abused and physically harassed them . Instead of protecting the unarmed students and teachers , the police acted as the hired goons of the State . We condemn the intervention of Delhi police and demand that police forces are immediately removed from university campus . We appeal to the progressive sections inside and outside campus to stand in solidarity and demand the release of Kanhaiya Kumar , Anirban Bhattacharya and Umar Khalid who are in police custody under false charges and all the students and activists persecuted by mob hysteria based on the rumours and lies spread by ABVP . We demand the immediate and unconditional release of Prof. SAR Geelani . We condemn the witch hunting of Muslim and Kashmiri students inside an outside the campus . We also reject the profiling of DSU in the Parliament and media based on the false claims of ABVP lumpens . This is a time for us to stand united against fascism and fight together for justice , our right to dissent and finally to build a truly democratic society .
Let us resolve to fight together for an equal world free from all oppression !
Scrap Enquiry ! Revoke charges of sedition against Students !
Release Kanhaiya Kumar , Umar Khalid and Anirban Bhattacharya immediately and unconditionally !
Release Prof SAR Geelani immediately and unconditionally !
Stop selective witch hunt of students !
Exclusive : A dopey Donegal dope-dealer 's huge haul was worthless because he did not how to properly grow cannabis plants , it has emerged .
Gardai raided a premise in Kilmacrennan on Tuesday after a major surveillance operation .
Drug officers seized more than 140 cannabis plants in two different sheds which were thought to be worth more than €100,000 .
The officers swooped at an address in the townland of Leitir on Tuesday afternoon .
The sheds contained plants as well as various growing equipment including electric lamps and other equipment .
The plants , some of which were up to 15 ft tall , were thought to be worth an average of €800 each .
But when the plants were examined it was realised the plants were worthless .
A Garda source revealed “ The vast majority of the plants were male plants and are worthless on their own .
“ We ca n't understand why someone went to so much trouble when here was no worth in the end product .
“ The Garda operation was successful but the price of the haul is worth nothing at all really . ”
A man was questioned after being detained by Gardai .
A file on the matter has been compiled and it to be sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions for consideration
It is understood the suspect could still be charged with cultivation of the plants .
Donald Trump calls the esteemed , conspicuously White , Senator from Massachusetts , Elizabeth Warren , “ goofy ” and “ Pocahontas ” , ( I prefer the term of art “ Fauxcahontas ” ) , for her Deformative Action system-gaming mischief of claiming American Indian blood to land a plum job at Harvard . So she 's just another corrupt White leftoid leveraging anti-White virtue signaling for her pecuniary benefit .
She 's in the news again for staging a social media-ready , attention whoring “ sit-in ” in Congress to protest lack of Congressional action on stripping the 2nd Amendment of all meaning . She 's a gun control nut ( aka “ take all means of power from law-abiding White men ” nut ) , among other nuttiness , and looking at photos of her and reading her Twats , the “ goofy ” label is apt .
However , I would go farther than Trump . Rabbit Warren is no mere goofball . She 's a sociopath . A malevolent modern era witch burner . A fucking crazy-eyed SJW psycho carrying a viral load of civilizational death . Evidence :
lol the losers in the center look like they should be picking gnats off each other https : //t.co/nwXucWtjRH — Bumbling American ( @ BumblingUSA ) June 22 , 2016
Those soulless , fanatic eyes . Let 's zoom in for a closer inspection .
Unmistakable . We 've seen those eyes thousands of times . It 's the Charles Manson-esque look of every high-strung , SJW zealot who was ever triggered into a fire and brimstone sermon about the evils of White privilege .
Here 's the deal on these degenerate equalist freaks : once you understand that their religion is race creationism — and that any attacks on their religious belief using incontrovertible evidence to the contrary will be met with the same ear-plugging , gum-flapping storm of rage and denial and psychological projection that one will often see manifest when the strict adherents of any traditional religion are attacked — then you 'll know why sanctimoniously preaching about “ gun control ” is a big part of their liturgy .
The gun control ( ( ( debate ) ) ) is a classic case of negative transference . American Whites have a gun violence rate about on par with White Europe . The Rabbit Warrens know deep in their schoolmarmy , sooty hearts that black and Muslim migrants are disproportionate vectors of gun violence ( either drive-by or mass-shooting ) , but they ca n't abide that percolating reality . It clashes with their entire worldview . To own up to a racial reality would be to disavow their most cherished beliefs . It would be like an Evangelical renouncing Jesus or a Jew accepting Jesus . Sheer heresy .
And they ca n't have that . So they transfer their cognitively demanding bad feelings about black and Muslim violence onto Whites , and most ludicrously onto lawful White men in particular , to help ease the pain of self-doubting waywardness from their religion . “ Bad White man ! Bad guns that White men love so much ! Ahh , I 'm a good Race Creationist again . I 'll still go to gated community heaven , where all signals are virtuous and all self-righteousness at the expense of BadWhites rewarded with a Godly smirk of knowingness . ”
Trump , of course , is the hungry wolf who found the rabbit warren , and is busy tearing apart rabbit flesh as tufts of bloody fur fly in every direction . That 's why Elizabeth Warren looks like she escaped the funny farm recently . Trump knows , like we DGAFians of the shiv-right know , that there 's no reasoning with religious fanatics . There 's only mockery , derision , ostracism , and if things get bad enough , cleansing cruelty .
Andrew Robb , Australia 's minister for trade and investment , speaks during a Reuters interview at a hotel in Manila May 21 , 2015 . Robb said on Thursday , Australia is hopeful that talks to conclude a 12-nation Pacific trade pact will be finished next month , despite delays to `` fast-track '' U.S. legislation for Washington to seal the deal . REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
By Rosemarie Francisco
BORACAY , Philippines ( Reuters ) - The United States is optimistic a deal to set up a free trade zone across the Pacific will be concluded soon , with sensitive issues likely to be ironed out when its Congress resumes sessions , the top U.S. trade official said on Sunday .
`` We are very much in the end-game , '' U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman told reporters after a two-day trade ministers ' meeting on the Philippine island of Boracay .
`` Our negotiators are working as we speak , and working through issues , we hope to conclude it soon , '' Froman said . `` We want to make sure we conclude it consistent with the principles we 've laid out . ''
The 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , which will cover about 40 percent of the world 's economies , took a major step forward on Friday when the U.S. Senate agreed to give President Barack Obama powers to speed up U.S. approval of trade deals .
The TPP , which will include economies from Japan to Chile , is part of Obama 's so-called pivot to Asia , a strategy to counter China 's rising economic and diplomatic influence .
After the U.S. Senate vote , the battle shifts to the U.S. House of Representatives where opposition is deeper to `` fast-track '' legislation granting the president powers to negotiate trade deals that Congress can approve or reject but not amend .
A divisive issue in the U.S. Congress centred on a proposed amendment involving sanctions on currency manipulation by trading partners . The Senate rejected that amendment , which opponents said would violate international trade rules and sink the pact .
`` There are many issues that are likely to be discussed . Currency manipulation is an issue that is very important and ... we take very seriously , '' Froman said on debates in the House of Representatives , adding the United States was working on mechanisms to address the issue via the G-7 , G-20 and the International Monetary Fund .
Froman declined to give a timeline on when the TPP talks would be concluded . But Australia said on Wednesday the negotiations could be wrapped up as early as June .
The U.S. Congress resumes sessions on June 1 after a 10-day Memorial Day holiday recess .
Japan is one of the TPP countries which prefer to wait for the United States to pass to fast-track legislation before concluding negotiations .
Chief negotiators from the 12 TPP countries are holding meetings in Guam that will run through to May 28 to try and bridge gaps for a deal on what would be the biggest trade pact since the North American Free Trade Agreement freed up trade between the United States , Canada and Mexico .
( Reporting by Rosemarie Francisco )
A man was shot and killed outside a popular Atlanta bar after he got into an argument with a Latino man , jokingly telling him he would be deported by President-Elect Donald Trump .
Mitchell Mormon Jr. , 32 , was on a date with Shaunita Walker and as the two were leaving the bar , she told WSBTV she realized she had left her phone inside . When Walker went back into the bar to retrieve it , she said a man tried to talk to her and said something disrespectful to her .
“ And Mitchell was like , ‘ What did he say to you ? ' ” Walker told WSBTV .
That is when Mormon and the Hispanic man started arguing back and forth , with Mormon jokingly telling the man he would be deported under Trump eventually .
Walker said the Hispanic man then went around the corner , grabbed a gun and came back and shot Mormon and Walker .
Walker said she tried to console Mormon , who eventually died on the scene .
“ I 'm just telling him to breathe , ” Walker said . “ It 's going to be okay . Just breathe . ”
“ Please , if anybody knows anything , please , this was so senseless . This was so horrible , ” Walker told WSBTV .
Walker said the Hispanic man had been trying to cause a scene from the very beginning when he tried to talk to her . The woman is now recovering from her gunshot wound .
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @ JxhnBinder .
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday continued his campaign against state governor PB Acharya , and shot off a letter to the President , requesting him to immediately replace him because of “ making no distinction between his constitutional functioning as Governor of a state and his political and ideological instincts . ”
Advertising
Acharya had also converted the Guwahati Raj Bhavan into an annexe of the BJP office , he alleged .
Gogoi , in his letter to the President also said that the continuance of PB Acharya as an in-charge governor of Assam would cause immense difficulty in the functioning of parliamentary democracy system and create fissures in the secular ethos of the state .
“ We had welcomed Shri Padmanabha Balakrishna Acharya to our state as we presumed that being a high Constitutional functionary , he would conduct himself fairly , cautiously and circumspectly . However , I am pained to say that ever since assuming office , His Excellency , the Governor of Assam , through his actions , has steadily lowered the prestige of the institution of the Governor , ” Gogoi said .
Advertising
Listing several instances in which governor Acharya had allegedly “ steadily lowered the prestige of the institution of the Governor , ” chief minister Gogoi said Acharya had made a shocking public statement that “ Hindustan is for Hindus ” on November 21 .
“ His statement has created uproar across the nation with almost all sections of society condemning his utterance and the ideology behind it , ” Gogoi said . “ Such remarks reflect the unacceptably divisive and communal mindset of an incumbent holding a high Constitutional post and such an utterance is in flagrant violation of the secular tenants of the Constitution , ” he added .
Citing another instance , Gogoi said that governor Acharya had a few months ago unilaterally altered a panel of six names belonging to the unrepresented communities as nominated members submitted by the Bodoland Territorial Areas and recommended by the Council of Ministers and replaced four of the names with nominees of his own choice . “ Aggrieved by this act of His Excellency , the Governor of Assam , the BTC filed a Writ Petition in the Hon'ble Gauhati High Court and the latter kept the notification issued by the State Government in abeyance , ” he said .
Gogoi also referred to governor Acharya appointing at least four persons to the Court of Dibrugarh University , “ who hardly have any academic distinction other than being office bearers of the RSS or its sister organizations . ”
Gogoi alleged that the governor ignored deserving persons from Assam with brilliant educational background and sound social reputation and instead nominated people from other states by virtue of their affiliation with the RSS .
On September 21 on the other hand , the governor was seen advising a delegation of BJP leaders on the BJP 's political strategy “ like a senior BJP executive rather than acting like a Constitutional functionary , ” Gogoi in his letter to the President said .
“ While His Excellency , the Governor of Assam may certainly interact with a delegation of a political party , it is shocking that the high office of Governor has been converted to an annexe of the BJP office , ” Gogoi said .
Advertising
“ These incidents have been a big disappointment to me . Throughout my tenure as chief minister of Assam during the past 14 years , I have had the privilege of interacting with outstandingly wise individuals who have enhanced the respect and prestige of the institution of Governor and have functioned not only as the Constitutional head of our state , but also a mentor to the state government . However , I am pained to say that ever since assuming office , His Excellency , the governor of Assam , Padmanabha Balakrishna Acharya , through his actions , has steadily lowered the prestige of the institution of the Governor , ” Gogoi letter said .
Yathiraju By
BENGALURU : The Anti-Corruption Bureau of the Central Bureau of Investigation has unearthed a scam in the South Western Railway in which Rs.39.60 lakh has been allegedly misappropriated .
Officials allegedly prepared forged bills for educational allowance , tuition fees and hostel subsidy in the names of various innocent employees working at the Permanent Way , Hindupur , Bengaluru division of South Western Railway .
The main accused in the scam is M Nagaraj ( 52 ) , superintendent/bill clerk , Office of Senior Section Engineer , Permanent Way , SWR . Investigation revealed that other railway officials and private individuals had colluded with Nagaraj .
Even though none of the employees applied for education allowances , tuition fee and hostel subsidy , the amount was sanctioned in their names . Subsequently , Nagaraj would collect the sanctioned amount in cash from the respective employees by stating that the amount had been credited to their account and that he would remit the same back to the Railways account . Nagaraj got the allowances sanctioned fraudulently in 2015 , said CBI sources .
The ACB carried out a search at Nagaraj 's house on March 5 and seized numerous records . During the search , his family members said he had gone to Dharmasthala and that he was informed about the search .
His wife was told to ask him to appear before the investigating officer . However , he has not done so , a CBI official said .
Anticipatory Bail
Nagaraj approached the CBI court for anticipatory bail . Principal Special Judge Bheemanagouda K Naik allowed his application on March 26 . CBI stated that the investigation is at an initial stage and interrogation of Nagaraj is essential to ascertain the modus operandi and to ascertain if other employees and individuals are also involved in the crime .
If you missed out on getting tickets to the sold-out Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in Indio , you 're in luck because festival producers Goldenvoice are bringing headliners to you .
Dubbed Localchella because it 's a local , more intimate version of the mega fest , the multi-day series of concerts brings acts like Tame Impala , Interpol , Kimbra and more to small venues from Los Angeles to Pioneertown between Coachella weekends ( April 10-12 and April 17-19 ) .
Venues include The El Rey Theatre , The Fonda Theatre , Pomona 's Fox Theater , Pappy & Harriets and more .
Here is the complete rundown ( with the exception of a couple of venues who do n't have onsale dates or prices just yet ) :
The Roxy Theatre
• April 9 : Benjamin Booker , $ 22 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 10 : Yelle , $ 22 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 13 : Desaparecidos with Touche Amore and Joyce Manor , $ 25 ( on sale noon Feb. 12 )
• April 14 : M0 , $ 20 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 16 : The Cribs , $ 20 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 17 : Panda Bear , $ 25 ( on sale noon Feb. 5 )
• April 18 : Charles Bradley , $ 28 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 ) .
The Roxy Theatre is at 9009 W. Sunset Blvd. , West Hollywood . For more information , contact 877-435-9849 or www.ticketfly.com
The El Rey Theatre
• April 9 : Kimbra , $ 25 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 14 : Swans with Angel Olsen , $ 30 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 15 : Madeon , $ 32 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 12 )
The El Rey Theatre is at 5515 Wilshire Blvd. , Los Angeles . For more information , contact 888-929-7849 or www.axs.com
The Fonda Theatre
• April 13 : Royal Blood , $ 22.50 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 14 : Glass Animals , $ 25 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 5 )
• April 15 : Clean Bandit , $ 25 ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 16 : Toro Y Moi with The Mattson 2 , $ 30 ( on sale noon Feb. 5 )
The Fonda Theatre is at 6126 Hollywood Blvd. , Hollywood . For more information , contact 888-929-7849 or www.axs.com
Club Nokia
• April 14 : Stromae , $ 37.50- $ 47.50 ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 26 )
• April 15 : Chet Faker with XXYYXX , $ 21.50- $ 31.50 ( noon Jan. 29 )
• April 16 : Azealia Banks , $ 25- $ 30 ( on sale noon Feb. 5 )
Club Nokia is at 800 W. Olympic Blvd. , Suite A335 . For more information , contact 888-929-7849 or www.axs.com
Ace Hotel
• April 14 : FKA Twigs , $ 41.50 ( on sale noon Feb. 5 )
The Theatre at Ace Hotel is at 929 S. Broadway , Downtown Los Angeles . For more information , contact 213-623-3233 or www.acehotel.com
Shrine Expo Hall
• April 15 : Brand New with Built to Spill and Desaparecidos , $ 50.50 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 16 : Interpol with Perfume Genius , $ 53.05 ( on sale at noon Jan. 29 )
The Shrine Expo Hall is at 665 W. Jefferson Blvd. , Los Angeles . For more information , contact 866-448-7849 or www.ticketmaster.com
Belasco Theater
• April 15 : Action Bronson , TBA .
The Belasco Theater is at 1050 S. Hill St. , Los Angeles . For more information , contact the theater at 213-746-1606 or belascous.com
The Mayan
• April 16 : Milky Chance , TBA
The Mayan is at 1038 S. Hill St. , Los Angeles . For more information , go to www.clubmayan.com
Fox Theater
• April 8 : Tame Impala , $ 32.50 ( on sale noon Feb. 12 )
• April 14 : Ride with Eagulls , $ 35- $ 37 ( on sale noon Feb. 5 )
• April 15 : Ratatat , $ 25 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
• April 16 : Belle & Sebastian with Mac DeMarco , $ 35 ( on sale noon Jan. 29 )
The Fox Theater is at 301 S. Garey Ave. , Pomona . For more information , contact 888-929-7849 or www.axs.com
The Glass House
• April 7 : Jenny Lewis , $ 30 ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 8 : Drive Like Jehu , $ 27.50- $ 32 ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 9 : ODESZA , $ 25 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 5 )
• April 13 : Father John Misty with King Tuff , $ 26 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 12 )
• April 15 : Glass Animals , $ 22 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 5 )
• April 16 : Sylvan Esso , $ 25 ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 17 : Cashmere Cat , $ 20 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 5 )
• April 18 : Vance Joy , $ 25- $ 28 ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 12 )
The Glass House is at 200 W. Second St. , Pomona . For more information , contact 877-435-9849 , www.ticketfly.com or www.theglasshouse.us
Pappy & Harriets
• April 9 : Caribou , $ 25 for outdoor show ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 14 : Jenny Lewis , $ 25 for indoor show ( on sale 10 a.m. Jan. 29 )
• April 15 : The War On Drugs , $ 25 for outdoor show ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 5 )
• April 16 : Jamie xx and Jon Hopkins , $ 30- $ 45 for outdoor show ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 12 )
• April 16 : Hivern Discs , John Talabot and Pional + Marc Piñol , $ 20 for indoor show ( on sale 10 a.m. Feb. 12 )
Pappy & Harriets is at 53688 Pioneertown Road , Pioneertown . For more information , contact 877-435-9849 , www.ticketfly.com or pappyandharriets.com
The Rays have designated reliever Jumbo Diaz for assignment , reports Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times ( Twitter links ) . To take Diaz 's place , they 've selected the contract of right-hander Andrew Kittredge from Triple-A .
In booting Diaz from their 25- and 40-man rosters , the Rays are moving on from a pitcher they 've relied on somewhat heavily this year . The same went for Danny Farquhar , whom the Rays designated in late June and outrighted earlier this month after he racked up 35 innings from their bullpen .
Diaz tossed 30 innings before his designation , though he struggled mightily over that span . The 33-year-old flamethrower has registered a bloated ERA ( 5.70 ) and a minuscule ground-ball rate ( 30.7 percent ) , and his 4.51 FIP is n't particularly appealing . The righty 's strikeout and walk rates are n't horrible ( 8.4 K/9 , 4.5 BB/9 ) , though , and he ranks third among relievers in infield fly rate ( 22.5 percent ) . Diaz also carries a cheap salary and comes with three years of arbitration eligibility , so he could be a waiver target for another club . That 's how Diaz joined the Rays , who claimed him from Cincinnati back in March .
Regardless of where Diaz goes next , his designation seems to further increase the odds of the Rays acquiring bullpen help before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline . There have been multiple reports this month connecting the team to relievers , including the Giants ' Hunter Strickland . For now , they 'll turn to the 27-year-old Kittredge , a 45th-round pick of the Mariners in 2008 who has n't yet pitched in the majors . The Rays acquired Kittredge from the Mariners over the winter , and he has since posted a 1.90 ERA , 9.35 K/9 , 2.08 BB/9 and a 52.2 percent grounder rate through 52 innings and 30 appearances ( two starts ) with Durham .
Fox News ' Shepard Smith fired back at colleague Sean Hannity Tuesday after Hannity accused Smith of being biased against President Trump .
`` Sometimes facts are displeasing , '' Smith told Mediaite . `` Journalists report them without fear or favor . ''
Earlier , Hannity used Smith as an example of the diversity of views broadcast by the network through its straight news and opinion programs .
`` Shep is a friend , I like him , but he 's so anti-Trump , '' Hannity said during a segment of his eponymous radio show on Monday . `` I mean , he went off on a rant last week . That 's fine . ''
Hannity was referring to an exchange between Smith and `` Fox News Sunday '' host Chris Wallace last week in which Smith said the White House 's `` deception '' regarding Donald Trump Jr. 's meeting with a Russian lawyer claiming to have incriminating information about Hillary Clinton was `` mind-boggling . ''
But Hannity insisted he had `` no problem '' with Smith `` vehemently '' disagreeing with him .
`` The media was praising Shep and he 's not the biggest fan of Trump , fine ! We do n't talk politics when we hang out , when I see him we have the best time and we just have this mutual respect , '' Hannity added on his radio show Monday .
Three cops allegedly told a teen to eat a gram of pot or they would throw him in jail .
Two Arizona cops who have been accused of forcing a teenager to eat a gram of marijuana may now lose their law-enforcement certifications in the state . Last September , three Phoenix cops pulled 19-year-old Edgar Castro over for speeding , and discovered marijuana in Castro 's car . The teen claimed that he was a legal medical marijuana user , but did not have his card on him .
Officer Jason McFadden allegedly told Castro that he would either have to eat the gram of pot or go to jail . After officer Richard Pina allegedly backed up McFadden 's threat , Castro ate the weed . The third officer on the scene , Michael Carnicle , heard the conversation take place but did not intervene . Records report that Carnicle and McFadden both turned off their body cameras before making the threat , and that Pina 's camera was not on at all .
The cops resigned after the story of the event went public , but the officers maintained their law enforcement certifications , which would allow them to join other police departments in the state . Carnicle voluntarily relinquished his certification last November , and the other two cops may now lose theirs , thanks to disciplinary proceedings recently initiated by the Arizona Peace Officer Standards and Training Board .
The AZPOST board has alleged that Pina and McFadden violated two rules : “ committing malfeasance , misfeasance or nonfeasance in the office ” and “ engaging in any conduct … that tends to disrupt , diminish or otherwise jeopardize public trust in the law-enforcement profession. ” If the board finds the cops guilty of these violations , their peace officer certifications may be suspended or revoked entirely .
A criminal investigation was also initiated against the cops involved in the case , but the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office declined to prosecute the cops earlier this year .
If you did n't see it , former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice from the Bush Administration went on Fox News to promote her new book : “ Democracy : Stories from the Long Road to Freedom . ”
After what happened in Charlottesville , the topic is especially timely , which is why Fox and Friends host Brian Kilmeade immediately asked her an important question : “ I want to talk about where your book starts , and that 's our Constitution . As an African-American woman , do you see yourself in this Constitution ? Do you think that , when we look at nine of our first twelve presidents as slave owners , should we start taking their statues down and say , we 're embarrassed by you ? ”
Without hesitation , Rice fired back : “ In a word , No. ” She continued , “ I am a firm believer in ‘ keep your history before you . ' So I do n't actually want to rename things that were named after slave owners . I want us to have to look at those names , and realize what they did , and be able to tell our kids what they did and for them to have a sense of their own history . ”
Then , she added , “ When you start wiping out your history ; sanitizing your history to make you feel better ? It 's a bad thing . ”
Rice noted the history in America where her ancestors were considered to be “ three-fifths of a man ” and a personal story about the horrible racism her father experienced in Birmingham , Alabama , in the Jim Crow South in 1952 .
Then , she dropped the history lesson that liberals could learn from : “ George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , and other slave owners were people of their times . What we should celebrate is that from the Jeffersons and the Washingtons as slave owners . Look at where we are now . ”
This is a powerful and moving message from Rice , who is clearly not a fan of tearing down monuments . Liberals ca n't be happy about this :
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com Bernie Declines to Guarantee America Wo n't Become a Socialist Country If He 's Elected President
Well said , Condoleezza Rice ! And thank you for standing up for America .
Do you agree with Rice 's message on Fox and Friends ? Please share her extraordinary message with your friends on Facebook and Twitter .
Aaron Rodgers gets two weeks of rest before the Packers play their next game . It sounds like he 'll need it .
During his weekly spot on ESPN Radio , Rodgers said that he 's feeling `` a little better '' after two days of treatment on his injured calf . The MVP favorite injured his calf in Week 16 , then aggravated the injury in a different area during Sunday 's win over the Lions .
Rodgers feared the worst when he crashed to the Lambeau Field turf late in the second quarter on Sunday .
`` My initial thought was I popped my Achilles , '' Rodgers said , via ESPN 's Rob Demovsky .
Rodgers believes the two-week break will put him in a better spot health-wise than when he entered the Lions matchup on just one week of recovery time . He declined to estimate if he can get back near 100 percent by the time the Packers next take the field .
`` Ca n't say either way what percentage it will be , '' he said , `` but I hope it 's going to be feeling better than it was last weekend . ''
Rodgers was also asked about Lions defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh , who initially was suspended for Detroit 's playoff game against the Cowboys for stepping on Rodgers ' injured leg at the conclusion of a play on Sunday . Suh 's suspension was later reduced to a $ 70,000 fine .
`` If you step on somebody , the first reaction seems to be apologizing or looking back and I 'm not sure that 's what happened , '' he said .
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps every Week 17 game and debates the MVP race between Aaron Rodgers and J.J. Watt . Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW .
Arabic/English ( top ) and Hebrew/English ( bottom ) billboards with a message from American Atheists that are slated to be erected in heavily Jewish and heavily Muslim neighborhoods this week .
For American Atheists , Tuesday was meant to be a big day for getting out their godless message — with the unveiling of a billboard in a heavily Jewish neighborhood in New York City . But plans to erect the sign in the Williamsburg area of Brooklyn were altered at the last minute when the owner of site refused access to the installers .
Follow Kari Huus on Twitter and Facebook .
Written in Hebrew and English , the sign was to have read : `` You know it 's a myth … and you have a choice . '' It is an advertisement for the upcoming `` Reason Rally '' in Washington , D.C. , billed as the biggest atheist gathering in U.S. history , and for the American Atheists ' convention immediately afterward .
It was also intended to urge non-believers to overcome their fears and `` come out '' in their heavily religious communities .
`` We believe that ( these ) communities are teeming with atheists due to the emails we regularly receive , '' said American Atheists President Dave Silverman , a nonprofit that seeks civil rights for non-believers and absolute separation of church and state . `` We have received a dozen emails from Hasidic Atheist Jews since we announced the billboards . … They feel totally alone . We want to tell them they are not alone . ''
Silverman was at the site with the advertising company to erect the giant sign atop a residential building .
But landlord Kenny Stier refused to allow workers from the advertising company Clear Channel into the building , said Silverman . He told The Brooklyn Paper that he believes powerful rabbis in the largely ultra-Orthodox Hasidic Jewish area persuaded Stier to block the billboard .
`` It has been very disconcerting to see that the traditional victims of religious bigotry have become the purveyors of religious bigotry , '' said Silverman , who was raised in the Jewish faith .
Stier could not immediately be reach for comment , but The Brooklyn Paper quoted him as saying , `` I do n't want to get involved in this . ''
Williamsburg Rabbi David Niederman told the paper the sign is `` a disgrace . ... The name of god is very holy to us and to the whole world . ''
Atheists bill big names for 'coming out ' party in the capital
The atheist organization has already selected a new site along the Brooklyn-Queens expressway not far away , and will try again on Thursday to erect it there .
On Wednesday , American Atheists were slated to post another billboard to near the Islamic center of the heavily Muslim community in Paterson , N.J. — identical except written in Arabic and English . They have not received any blowback in that community , Silverman said .
`` We 're not particularly disturbed about it , ” said Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the Council on American Islamic Relations . `` We believe it 's their First Amendment right to put them up . … Obviously they placed them to be provocative , but that 's also their right . ''
More content from msnbc.com and NBC News
Follow Kari Huus on Facebook
A Regina lawyer says proposed impaired driving laws introduced by the federal government last week are a terrible `` step backwards '' for the rights of all Canadians .
Bob Hrycan says it is not lost on him that it was the current Prime Minister 's father , Pierre Trudeau , who made sure the country had a Charter of Rights .
`` He implemented the Charter as a means to protect citizens from the overreach of government , '' Hrycan said . `` What Justin Trudeau is doing is essentially advancing government overreach . I think that 's unfair . ''
Regina lawyer Bob Hrycan says the proposed federal legislation governing impaired driving would significantly erode the rights of Canadians . ( Mike Zartler/CBC )
Right now , Hrycan says drivers are protected from unfair searches — including complying with a breathalyzer — unless a police officer has a reasonable suspicion that the driver has been drinking .
The new law would remove that requirement for officers .
`` Not only can they pull you over for any reason , they can demand breath samples from you for no reason , '' Hrycan said .
`` So that 's a significant erosion of rights . ''
Saliva testing for drugs
When it comes to testing for drug use , police must still have a `` reasonable suspicion '' that a driver has been using drugs before requiring a saliva test .
However , Hrycan said the threshold of two nanograms of THC ( the main psychoactive compound in cannabis ) could be in a person 's body for weeks after they were actually impaired .
`` That means that if you occasionally smoke a joint you can be pulled over , detained and subject to screening within 10 days after smoking that joint , '' Hrycan said . `` That 's fundamentally unfair . ''
Hrycan says there is no doubt the new laws will face a constitutional challenge , but until those cases work their way to the Supreme Court he says the federal government has created more confusion about impaired driving in Canada .
`` We 're not going to have more certainty , '' Hrycan said . `` We 're actually going to have more uncertainty . And that 's regretable . ''
DEAN O'GORMAN : Sir Peter Jackson says he is thrilled to have him in film .
The gods are smiling on a Kiwi actor . Film director Sir Peter Jackson has announced that The Almighty Johnsons actor Dean O'Gorman will star in The Hobbit as Fili the dwarf .
Jackson said on his Facebook page that O'Gorman was `` a terrific Kiwi actor , who I am thrilled to be working with '' .
O'Gorman , 34 , will replace British actor Rob Kazinsky , who left the production last month for personal reasons . O'Gorman is one of the stars of TV3 's The Almighty Johnsons , a story of Norse gods living in modern New Zealand .
He has appeared in Shortland Street , Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Jackson said the shooting schedule would not conflict with The Almighty Johnsons ' second series next year .
He also announced that Lee Pace would be playing the Elven King Thrandruil .
Hugo Weaving will reprise his role as Elrond the elf for the two-part Hobbit movie now being shot in Wellington . The Hobbit spokeswoman Melissa Booth confirmed that Weaving would feature in Jackson 's 3-D prequel to The Lord of the Rings trilogy .
The confirmation came after reports circulated that Weaving was spotted in Wellington last week .
`` One of my more reputable spies ... has reported seeing Hugo Weaving here in Wellington ... shopping at Commonsense Organics , the fruit and vege market in Wakefield St , '' The Noldor Blog reported . `` Of course he shops organics . He 's the lord of the elves , for goodness sake . ''
Weaving , who played Agent Smith in The Matrix , featured largely in the first Rings film , The Fellowship of the Ring .
His character Elrond is the father of Arwen , played in Rings by Liv Tyler .
In June 2009 , when Jackson was to be executive producer of The Hobbit , then-director Guillermo del Toro said Weaving would be part of the movie .
Other stars returning for The Hobbit include Sir Ian Holm as the older Bilbo Baggins , Sir Ian McKellen as Gandalf , Andy Serkis as Gollum , and Orlando Bloom as Legolas .
Elijah Wood is reprising his role as Frodo Baggins , even though the character did not appear in J R R Tolkien 's book of The Hobbit , which is set 60 years before the trilogy .
Good news ! Khan Academy Kids , our educational app for children ages two to six , is now available for Android devices . You can find our apps at Google Play and the Amazon Appstore .
With thousands of personalized , interactive activities—like counting with Baby Shark from Super Simple Songs—books , and educational videos , we think Khan Academy Kids is an app that parents will love and kids will love to use ! Khan Academy Kids takes a holistic approach to learning by tackling early literacy , language , and math while also encouraging creativity and social-emotional skills . We 've been getting terrific feedback from parents and critics alike . Common Sense Media gave us a 5-star review , we received the Parents ' Choice Gold Award from Parents ' Choice Foundation , and we won an Editor 's Choice Award from Children 's Technology Review . And , yes , the app is 100 % free—no ads , no paywall , and no strings . Find the Khan Academy Kids app in Google Play , Amazon Appstore , and iOS .
It 's been quite a year at Khan Academy ! From the launch of our Khan Kids app for little learners and LearnStorm growing to cover three countries—the United States , Brazil , and Mexico—to the introduction of our new mastery learning features , we have made important strides toward providing a free , world-class education to everyone , everywhere . We could n't have done it without you . Thank you .
Your support enables millions of people from all around the world to access the educational resources they need to reach their full potential , but there are many more learners we need to reach . - 265 million children around the world lack access to school . - 617 million lack basic math and literacy skills . * - In the US , 60 % of eighth grade students are not proficient in math.† - Fewer than half of low-income four-year-olds are enrolled in a high quality preschool.‡ We know that Khan Academy can transform classrooms and lives . When students use Khan Academy for at least 30 minutes a week they are two times more likely than their non-Khan Academy-using peers to meet grade-level standards in math.§ Data shows that using Khan Academy 's free Official SAT Prep for 20 hours is associated with an average score gain of 115 points . A great education is life changing , and—since we 're a nonprofit—your donations make all the difference . With your support , we 're able to hire teachers , engineers , and designers , cover rent , and pay for tech that brings Khan Academy to learners worldwide . And , we get to keep Khan Academy free . There 's still more work for us to do , and with your help we 'll get there . If you have n't donated yet , please consider giving a little or a lot by visiting khanacademy.org/donate today . From all of us—thank you ! * UNESCO Institute for Statistics ( UIS ) and the Global Education Monitoring ( GEM ) 2016 report †U.S . Department of Education , National Center for Education Statistics , National Assessment of Educational Progress 2017 ‡ “ New Report Shows Greater Need for Access to High-Quality Preschool for America 's Children ” , U.S. Department of Education
We just wrapped up our third annual Language Advocate convention , where we were joined by 30 Language Advocates representing 20 languages—and a whopping 14 different alphabets !
Khan Academy staff and Language Advocates exchanged best practices on everything from marketing and fundraising to effectively partnering with schools using Khan Academy in the classroom . Language Advocates also shared translation tips and tools with each other and presented to the entire Khan Academy staff about their efforts to make Khan Academy available around the world . Last but certainly not least , each Language Advocate brought a tasty treat from their home country so everyone could share in a delicious , international buffet . Language Advocates work hard to make sure Khan Academy content is n't just translated into different languages but made applicable to each country 's local context . For example , an English math problem about a game of baseball may turn into a problem about a game of soccer in Portuguese or cricket in Hindi . A major focus of the convention was the 2019 goal of creating fully localized curricula for many countries . Just as students and teachers in the United States can currently find AP courses on Khan Academy , students and teachers in other countries will be able to find courses that are aligned to their own national curricula . Finally , Language Advocates met with Sal to discuss the future of Khan Academy , which led to both a great conversation and a fun livestream of the team . Here 's to continuing to work together to making a free , world-class education available to everyone , everywhere , in every language !
This week we are thrilled to welcome 30 members of our Language Advocate team to Khan Academy headquarters in California ! Language Advocates lead our effort to translate Khan Academy into dozens of different languages . They 're the key to making sure we can achieve the anywhere part of our mission to provide a free , world class education to anyone , anywhere .
Representatives of 20 languages * are here with us this week from all around the world . Together we 'll be exchanging best practices for translating and adapting Khan Academy content , strategizing about how to promote Khan Academy in other countries , and making plans for the upcoming year . Stay tuned for a recap after the week is done ! * Armenian հայերեն , Bangla বাংলা , Bulgarian български , Burmese မြန်မာ , Chinese ( simplified ) 简体中文 , Czech čeština , French Français , Georgian ქართული , Greek Ελληνικά , Hindi हिंदी , Japanese 日本語 , Kannada ಕನ್ನಡ , Pashto پښتو , Portuguese ( Brazilian ) Português brasileiro , Portuguese ( European ) Português europeu , Spanish español , Swedish Svenska , Tamil தமிழ் , Thai ไทย , Turkish Türkçe ( Note : Languages without a link are still in the early stages of preparing their sites , so keep an eye on the international blog to see when they become available ! )
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Thanks to Jeb Bush 's tongue-tied responses to repeated questions about his brother 's regrettable record as president , we finally had the “ Should we invade Iraq ? ” debate we needed in 2002 . And while “ reality ” did slightly better this time , the debate demonstrated yet again the power of far-right ideologues to pervert simple and obvious truths about the world in order to evade responsibility for the catastrophes their policies unleashed . Ad Policy
Recall what we were told at the time : “ There 's no debate in the world as to whether they have those weapons… . We all know that . A trained ape knows that , ” Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld insisted . “ This is going to be a two-month war , not an eight-year war , ” the genial über-hawk William Kristol promised . Vice President Dick Cheney assured us that “ we will , in fact , be greeted as liberators. ” One could supply hundreds more such promises , but let these three stand in for the fact that none of the war 's perpetrators and few of its publicists have ever been called to account for the destruction created by their lethal combination of arrogance , ignorance , and incompetence . Nor have they come forward to apologize . Instead , we get excuses , evasions , and more lies .
Now examine the results : nearly $ 2 trillion spent , hundreds of thousands of people killed , and millions displaced from their homes . Iraq lies in ruins ; Iran 's regional power has grown ; and America stands before the world as not only an imperialist nation but also a lawless one . And then there 's the birth of ISIS , a direct result of America 's failed strategy to turn Iraq into a vassal state .
Officials in the Bush administration , cheered on by their apologists , manipulated intelligence , tortured those they captured to support their lies , and slandered and mocked those who sought to warn the country away from a predictable catastrophe . ( Speaking personally , Bill O'Reilly ran my photo as a mug shot for the crime of mocking Cheney 's stupid “ liberators ” statement , while David Brooks introduced me at a left/right Washington seminar , only half-jokingly , as someone who had just seen his entire worldview implode . )
True , Republicans lost the 2008 election , but this had more to do with Bush 's mismanagement of the economy than with Iraq . To this date , our discussions about foreign policy continue as if no one could possibly have known at the time that the Iraq War would turn out to be a disaster . The same faces appear on the same shows calling for the bombing of the same countries . Kristol , who has proven himself to be the wrongest pundit in history , has been rewarded with job offers from ABC News , Time , The Washington Post , The New York Times , Fox News , The Washington Post ( again ) and ABC News ( again ) —to say nothing of his own weekly-magazine/think-tank empire . ( He recently proposed , I kid you not , Dick Cheney for president . )
Part of the responsibility for this sorry situation lies with the Obama administration , which made the strategic decision to paper over all Bush-era political conflict regardless of Republican responsibility or recalcitrance , and therefore explicitly forbade any talk of punishment for war crimes . And despite Senator Patrick Leahy 's efforts to demand legal ( if not moral ) accountability , members of the media proved more than eager to move on as well , especially those within the so-called liberal media . Indeed , just as “ liberal hawks ” demonstrated their “ seriousness ” by flacking for Bush 's warmongering in the run-up to the Iraq invasion , they assured their credibility within the Beltway in 2009 by agreeing to “ get over it . ”
The blogosphere celebrated when Obama called on a reporter for the Huffington Post at an early press conference ; Time even said that the president was “ making history ” by doing so . But recall that brave , historic question : “ Are you willing to rule out , right here and now , any prosecution of Bush administration officials ? ” Typically , Obama said he was “ more interested in looking forward than I am in looking backwards , ” adding that he wanted “ to pull everybody together , ” before he issued a blanket endorsement of “ the members of the intelligence community who have done things the right way and have been working hard to protect America . ”
The issue raised here is n't merely the injustice of it all . Rather , having failed to hold those responsible to account , we ensure that we 'll repeat the same errors in another context . The CIA has already demonstrated its intention to do this with its Nixon-style hacking of computers used by members of the Senate Intelligence Committee , who were investigating the agency 's illegal torture program . This is following the lies that then–CIA director Michael Hayden told the committee regarding the agency 's wiretapping of US citizens . Like all of the high-level perpetrators of Iraq-related war crimes ( but not the brave whistleblowers who revealed them ) , Hayden walked away scot-free .
Meanwhile , aided not only by Fox News but also by their colonization of much of cable news , talk radio , and even the august Sunday-morning lineup , these same Sabbath gasbags continue to agitate for war after war , while simultaneously insisting that whatever ( eventually ) went wrong in Iraq was somehow Obama 's fault . One day , they clamor for an attack on Assad in Syria ; the next , they demand that we attack Assad 's opponents . And virtually every day , we 're instructed to attack Iran , by yesterday if not sooner . Neocon apparatchik Joshua Muravchik made the case for war with Iran on The Washington Post 's op-ed page on March 13 , and Bush 's UN ambassador , John Bolton , made the same argument in The New York Times 13 days later .
Just imagine if the rule proposed by ( I think ) John Kenneth Galbraith—that economists ' present predictions should only be printed alongside their past predictions—were applied to prowar pundits and politicians . They might not be in jail , but at least they 'd be out of work… Except , of course , on Fox .
Whale hello there !
A group of tourists is lucky enough to capture the moment a herd of whales launched into a feeding frenzy in Juneau , Alaska .
As the whales compete for food in the water , a flock of opportune seagulls can be seen flying above them , waiting to pounce for scraps .
Scroll down for video
A group of whales taking time to feed was captured in incredible video footage
A female tourist watching the whales turned to face the camera - with a big grin on her face
A delighted tourist watching the whales turns to face the camera with a big grin on her face .
'Oh my God , it 's so cool , ' she says .
The whales breache in the water during the feeding session . The mammals also spouted in the footage , which was filmed in August .
'They can swallow like 10,000 gallons , I think , and then they just , like , spit out all the water , ' an off-camera voice says .
At one point , a whale close to the tourists ' boat spouted noisily in the water .
The woman commented : 'Holy s * * * ! '
Juneau Whale Watch , which offers whale watching tours , says on its website : 'So when is the best time to see whales in Juneau ? Southeast Alaska is renowned for numerous sightings of humpback whales .
'And sometimes orcas ( killer whales ) as well . Humpback whales are usually seen during the months of May right through to the back end of September . '
According to NOAA , humpback whales weigh '25-40 tons ( 50,000-80,000 pounds ; 22,000-36,000 kg ) , ' and are as long as 'up to 60 feet ( 18 m ) , with females larger than males ' .
A whale 's fin can be seen out of the water , as gulls fly overhead
The whales breached in the water during the feeding session
The CW 's renew/cancel standings for week 24 of the 2015-16 season has a show holding steady in its safe spot .
The CW scripted average through March 6 : 0.65
Show Status 18-49 rating Renew/Cancel Index Crazy Ex-Girlfriend 😦 😦 0.31 0.48 Reign ( F ) 😐 😐 😐 0.31 0.48 Jane the Virgin 😐 😐 😐 0.37 0.57 The Vampire Diaries ( F ) 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 0.51 0.78 iZombie 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 0.55 0.85 The 100 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 0.57 0.88 Legends of Tomorrow 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 0.96 1.48 The Originals ( F ) 😀 😀 😀 😀 😀 0.41 0.63 Supernatural 😀 😀 😀 😀 😀 0.74 1.14 Arrow 😀 😀 😀 😀 😀 1.02 1.57 The Flash 😀 😀 😀 😀 😀 1.42 2.18
“ The 100 ” has put up fairly consistent ratings throughout its run on The CW , averaging a 0.6 in adults 18-49 for Season 1 and a 0.52 last season . This season stands at a 0.57 .
In other words , the show is probably doing what it needs to do to earn a fourth year on the network .
Traditional TV math does n't favor “ The 100 , ” as it will only have 45 episodes by the end of this season . The CW is less bound by those sorts of things , however , and the Bear 's gut says that if the series can stay above water after the daylight savings drop , it will be OK .
Note : All of The CW 's shows are produced by network owners CBS and Warner Bros. , so the ( O ) designation ( see below ) is immaterial .
Key :
DSW Dead Show Walking : All but officially canceled yet still airing 😥 sure bet to be canceled by May 2016 😦 😦 likely to be canceled by May 2016 😐 😐 😐 tossup between renewal and cancellation by May 2016 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 likely to be renewed by May 2016 😀 😀 😀 😀 😀 sure bet to be renewed by May 2016
–
The Renewal/Cancel Index is the ratio of a scripted show 's new episode adults 18-49 ratings to the new episode ratings of the other scripted shows on its network . It 's calculated by dividing a show 's new episode live+same-day adults 18-49 average rating by the live+same-day new episode average of all the new scripted show episodes on the show 's own network . Why live+same-day ratings ? Because they correlate very closely with the rarely disclosed C3 ratings ( viewing of commercials within three days of air ) , which are the basis for most ad deals .
Shows that have ended their seasons have their R/C Index number frozen at the point of their final episode .
( F ) -Fridays : Shows airing on Fridays tend to be renewed with significantly lower than average Indexes .
( O ) – Owned : All other things equal , shows owned by studios affiliated with their networks have a better shot at renewal than those from outside producers .
The land must not be sold permanently ,
for the land is mine and you are but aliens and my tenants .
Leviticus 25:23
A late June ruling of the Supreme Court of Canada is causing shock waves among those who espouse an out-dated vision of how the Canadian economy should produce wealth . According to the highest court in the land , that traditional economic dog will no longer hunt .
Since the European “ discovery ” of the Americas , Canadian economic historians described the preferred model of development as “ the staples theory. ” Starting with Harold Innis , these theorists saw Canadian exports to Europe of raw materials ( “ staples ” not being heavily processed here , such as cod from the Atlantic , wheat from the Prairies , and fur , lumber , and minerals from across the land ) as what shaped , and continue to shape , Canadian economies and institutions . But whether yesterday or today , the drive to cut , mine , and extract for export has run into conflict from Aboriginal peoples upon whose lands these resources are found .
The Supreme Court ruling confirmed the judicial recognition to aboriginal title of the Tsilhquot'in Nation over thousands of square kilometers of territory in British Columbia 's interior . The decision has huge implications .
First Nations across the country should now feel encouraged in their struggle to realize self-governance strategies and use the natural resources present in their territories to develop their communities . As the Chief of the Tsilhquot'in Nation , Roger William , stated , “ This case is about us regaining our independence. ” Other First Nations will find new arguments in this ruling for negotiating better arrangements with major resource development projects in their territories .
It pushes provincial and federal governments to obtain consent from title-holders and to consult and even accommodate First Nations in cases where ownership is asserted , but yet to be established . This is a burning issue in BC , where most First Nations have not signed treaties . In Canada 's most westerly province the treaty process is slower than the erosion of the Rockies – only two treaties have been implemented since 1993 . Thus , the treaty-making process could ( and should ) be pushed by governments into a much higher gear .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper made an impressive apology to Aboriginal peoples for the sordid history of native residential Schools in June 2008 . The Truth and Reconciliation Commission , later established by the federal government to play a role in repairing that damaged relationship , has carried out impressive meetings across the land – yet so much more needs to be done before true reconciliation becomes a reality . Although the federal government intervened in the court case to argue for a limited definition of aboriginal title , it is now time to change course . The Supreme Court ruling could play a role in this reconciliation process if true negotiations now lead to more collaborative development plans for future projects – allowing Aboriginal people more ability to be architects of their own development and beneficiaries of their own lands and resources .
For private industry , the stakes are financially massive . Whereas the Business Council of British Columbia intervened to argue that an expansive definition of Aboriginal title could devastate the economy , they should now embrace the new rules of the game which could lead to more needed certainty than ever before . It has to be accepted that some projects will be rejected . Others may be slowed down . But approvals after true consultation , negotiation , and accommodation with Aboriginal people may proceed as win-win opportunities for all stakeholders .
For those interested in Canada 's commitments to develop more “ green ” economic strategies in future , the implications of this ruling are also precedent-setting . Environmentalists are already concerned that the federal government is not doing nearly enough to meet our stated commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . They will be watching if proposed new coal mines ( such as the project Aboriginals oppose at the sacred headwaters of the Skeena , Nass , and Stikine Rivers in BC ) or pipelines ( such as the Northern Gateway project approved by the federal government to carry bitumen from Alberta to ports on the Pacific coast for export to Asia ) will proceed .
Allowing Aboriginal people to preserve traditional survival lifestyles on their lands could definitely influence Canadian energy futures . The International Energy Agency has concluded that meeting the G8 commitment to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius means that we must leave 2/3 of the earth 's known reserves of fossil fuels underground . Although the Canadian government has in no way recognized this fact , President Barack Obama has . In a June 9th interview reprinted in the New York Times , he stated , “ We 're not going to be able to burn it all. ” Aboriginal decisions to reject massive fossil fuel extraction schemes on their lands , or allowing developments only with strict conditions on environmental safety and emissions , would be doing humanity a great and eternal favour .
As long ago as 1998 , CPJ produced a workbook of reflections entitled Wîciwetowin : Walking Together on the Path of Justice . It focussed on the idea that our broken relationships with Aboriginal peoples could only be reconciled and repaired if we embark on a journey towards justice alongside our Aboriginal neighbours . For Christians , the biblical story in Genesis 9 speaks of God 's covenant never to destroy the earth again with a flood . The Supreme Court decision allows us to imagine treaties as a form of covenant with Aboriginal people , but even goes further . We have an additional responsibility to people who have not signed treaties – a responsibility to respect Aboriginal title as the right to consultation , negotiation , and accommodation of economic activity in the lands they 've occupied since the Creator bequeathed them .
There 's a good rule of thumb when considering the King streetcar for shorter trips : if it 's not in sight , just start walking . You 'll probably get there faster .
Portions of the city 's busiest surface route barely top walking speed during rush hour . Hemmed in by other vehicles , delayed by drivers turning left , the King car is frustratingly slow .
It 's a situation that flies in the face of the promise of `` rapid transit '' – especially since walking is n't an option for everyone – and it 's one that could finally change .
Story continues below advertisement
`` There is no city in the world that would move transit this way , '' said Chris Upfold , deputy CEO and chief customer officer of the TTC . `` King Street does n't work for anybody right now . ''
City staff are ready to propose a major shake-up of the central section of King Street , with a year-long pilot project to test how much transit could be improved if the bulk of the other vehicles were moved to nearby streets . If approved by council in July , this would be in place by October .
Transit passengers are already the overwhelming majority among those using King . About 65,000 people ride the 504 streetcar daily , compared with about 20,000 private vehicles on the road . The plan is to reflect this by remaking King to give priority to people on transit .
After months of fine tuning , the formal proposal is to be unveiled Wednesday . The Globe and Mail got an exclusive early look that helps explain the concept , and why city staff think it 's so important .
`` This is the fastest-growing area of the entire country , '' chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat said . `` The 504 King carries more people than entire transit systems in many mid-size cities . ''
To let the streetcar do that better , the plan is based around the idea that King should no longer be a thoroughfare for private vehicles . Although streetcars will continue to run end-to-end , other vehicles will be forced to turn right at most intersections . What this means is that drivers will still be able to access destinations along King , but must enter the road at the block they are heading to and then leave again at the end of that block .
This will mean fewer vehicles to block the streetcars . It will also free up parts of the curb lane to be remade into public space . But it will require a culture shift that could take time . To help prompt this , staff are planning an education campaign to inform residents about the new system . And there will be police enforcement to ensure people do n't simply continue to drive the length of King .
Story continues below advertisement
This shift is expected to cut the number of non-transit vehicles on the road by at least half . Where will they go ? Barbara Gray , general manager of the city 's transportation services department , said that there is capacity on parallel routes such as Richmond Street and Adelaide Street to absorb vehicles that had been using King .
Movement on those other roads can be facilitated by fiddling with the traffic-signal timing , a process that is expected to continue throughout the pilot .
The presence of those parallel routes explains the relatively modest scope of the pilot project . Making the changes to King only between Bathurst Street and Jarvis Street – barely 2.5 kilometres – means that people catching the streetcar at , for example , Liberty Village will continue to make the first part of their trip in mixed traffic . But restricting the pilot to that area also means that drivers have lots of options other than King .
However , that does n't necessarily mean this proposal will sail through council when it debates the project this summer .
A TTC streetcar heading westbound on King St. West approaches University Ave. on May 11 , 2017 . FRED LUM/THE GLOBE AND MAIL
Previous attempts to change downtown streets have raised the ire of suburban councillors , who argue that these are not just local roads but are important to traffic from around the city .
There can also be expected to be opposition from some businesses in the area .
Story continues below advertisement
Mirvish Productions , which has two theatres in the area , is concerned that the perception it will be more difficult to drive in the area could dissuade the 50 per cent of their patrons who come from outside the city .
`` The more obstacles are thrown at potential audience members , the less likely you are to get them , '' said Mirvish spokesman John Karastamatis , who would prefer that the traffic restrictions be relaxed outside of rush hour .
The removal of street parking along King , although only a small percentage of the parking available in the immediate area , will also ruffle feathers . However , the project has the backing of the local councillors and comes with a strong recommendation from city staff . It is also only a pilot project , which could be removed in a year if it does n't work .
Success will depend on how much the changes improve life for transit riders . This could include faster streetcar speeds , better reliability of service or , because of those two factors , increased ridership .
`` I personally think we are going to see big improvements in all three , '' the TTC 's Mr. Upfold said . `` The vast majority of trips on a corridor like King are going to be made by transit and we should do what we can to make them better , to make them a competitive choice . ''
King Street plan
A line of TTC streetcars westbound on King St. West , are pictured approaching University Ave. on May 11 , 2017 . Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail
Right-turn loops
The core of the plan is to reduce the number of vehicles on King Street , while preserving local access . Vehicles will be forced to turn right at almost all intersections . This means that destinations along the street can be reached , while preventing through traffic .
Streetcar stops
Streetcars , which currently stop on the near side of the intersection , will now drive through the cross-street before stopping . They will stop beside a mural painted on the road , which will help delineate this space as being for the transit passengers . At each end of this zone will be a physical barrier , perhaps a bike rack or a planter , as a safety feature .
Commercial access
The plan removes any street parking from King , but allows other access where businesses need it . This will vary from block to block and could be a delivery zone for a retailer , a cab stand or access to off-street parking . These spots will be reached by vehicles that enter King at the appropriate block , share the centre lane with the streetcar on the way to their destination and leave King at the end of the block .
Public space
Another main feature of the remake is the increase in public space . Extending the pedestrian zone out into what is now the curb lane will help the large numbers of people who walk along King . As with the commercial-access zones , these spaces will vary from block to block . But they will allow for new places to sit and will relieve the sidewalk crush .
Cycling
The plan does not include formal cycling infrastructure . But its proponents say that cyclists will be helped in several ways . By removing many vehicles from the road , they say , King will be a safer spot for people on two wheels . And cyclists will rarely be riding beside a stationary vehicle , reducing the risk of being doored . But vehicles exiting King will have to turn across the path of cyclists , a potential friction spot .
