Surveillance cameras caught suspected scrap metal thieves at work Wednesday at a Mukilteo machine shop . ( Terrene Inc . )
You must sign in or register to continue reading content .
MUKILTEO — A Mukilteo engineering firm is asking for help identifying suspects in a recent theft .
Early Wednesday morning , someone broke into Terrene , Inc. , along Russell Road and stole about 200 feet of copper wire , company President Colin Chadwick said .
The wire fed power into multiple pieces of machinery . The shop specializes in laser cutting . Damage was estimated to be at least $ 6,000 .
Mukilteo police are investigating , officer Myron Travis said .
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 1-425-263-8100 .
Surveillance cameras caught suspected scrap metal thieves at work Wednesday at a Mukilteo machine shop . ( Terrene Inc . )
Surveillance cameras caught suspected scrap metal thieves at work Wednesday at a Mukilteo machine shop . ( Terrene Inc . )
Surveillance cameras caught suspected scrap metal thieves at work Wednesday at a Mukilteo machine shop . ( Terrene Inc . )
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
McKay Coppins :
“ [ Romney ] has said Obama 's a nice fellow , he 's just in over his head , ” the adviser said . “ But I think the governor himself believes this latest round of attacks that have impugned his integrity and accused him of being a felon go so far beyond that pale that he 's really disappointed . He believes it 's time to vet the president . He really has n't been vetted ; McCain did n't do it. ” Indeed , facing what the candidate and his aides believe to be a series of surprisingly ruthless , unfounded , and unfair attacks from the Obama campaign on Romney 's finances and business record , the Republican 's campaign is now prepared to go eye for an eye in an intense , no-holds-barred act of political reprisal , said two Romney advisers who spoke on condition of anonymity . In the next chapter of Boston 's pushback — which began last week when they began labeling Obama a “ liar ” — very little will be off-limits , from the president 's youthful drug habit , to his ties to disgraced Chicago politicians .
We can probably dispense with the notion that Obama has never been “ vetted. ” It 's been a favorite among the conspiracy-minded right ever since 2008 , but it mostly just consists of fantasies about Jeremiah Wright , missing college transcripts , anti-colonialism , secret socialist ties , etc . etc . Romney 's team knows perfectly well that it 's largely the province of nutcases .
Still , the “ vetting ” pretense gives them cover to say lots of nasty things about Obama in hopes that eventually some of it will stick . I sort of doubt that it will , since Obama 's been in office for four years and most people outside of the hardcore right already have a pretty settled view of him as a cautious , sober-minded , mainstream Democrat . But I guess you never know .
It 's dangerous , though . If Coppins is right , Romney is under the peculiar impression that Obama 's attacks on his business background are wildly ruthless and out of bounds . This is odd since Romney has been attacked for his business background repeatedly in the past . If it seems more intense this time , it 's only because this kind of thing is always more intense in a presidential race .
Obama is unquestionably running a tough campaign , but if Romney is losing his cool over questions about his taxes and his stewardship of Bain Capital , he 's just showing he 's not ready for the big leagues . Wild countercharges about Obama 's teenage drug use will only confirm that . It 's obvious that Obama is hoping to get under Romney 's skin and provoke him into doing something stupid , and right now it looks like Romney may be about to take the bait .
With the imminent release of the first of Peter Jackson 's three-part adaptation of “ The Hobbit , ” I revisited J. R. R. Tolkien 's 1937 novel , which I had not opened since I was a teen-ager . Re-reading “ The Hobbit ” turned out to be something of a revelation . Formerly , I 'd seen it as nothing more than an appetizer for the big feast of “ The Lord of the Rings. ” Now , I realized , it was a perfectly balanced meal of its own—one that left you feeling sated rather than gorged . A good case can be made that “ The Hobbit ” is a better and more satisfying read than its gargantuan successor . Herewith , some arguments in the little book 's favor :
1 . Only one hobbit .
There 's a reason Tolkien begins both novels by getting his hobbit protagonists out of the Shire . Hobbits , though possessed of many admirable traits , can be kind of a drag , especially in large numbers . One is plenty . Four is too many . After twelve hundred pages of “ The Lord of the Rings , ” I 'd had just about enough of the hobbits ' endless pining for home and their tiresome whingeing about not having a second breakfast . Particularly grating is Sam Gamgee , the loyal , kind-hearted servant who accompanies Frodo all the way to Mt . Doom—and insists on calling him “ Mr . Frodo ” the entire time . Mindlessly devoted and masochistically self-denying , he is held up as the truest expression of hobbithood . No thanks . I find Bilbo , the hero of the earlier book , a far more engaging character . While he does yearn for the comforts of the Shire during his journey to the Lonely Mountain , he is no straight arrow . He 's an opportunist , willing to fudge the rules when it suits him . He outwits Gollum with a not-quite-kosher riddle . He steals the Arkenstone from Smaug 's hoard and uses it as a bargaining chip ; and he hides the magic ring from his companions as long as he can . Next time I re-read “ The Lord of the Rings , ” I am sure to ask myself , What would Bilbo do ?
2 . Lots of dwarves .
I propose a rule : the ratio of dwarves to hobbits is directly proportional to the quality of the tale . Wagner and Walt Disney understood this . Pompous and irritable , industrious yet bumbling , dwarves are much more enjoyable to read about than hobbits . Though motivated always by gold , they are makers as well as takers . Skilled blacksmiths , miners , and engineers , they are responsible for many of the wonders of Middle Earth . Moria is to a hobbit hole as the Pyramids are to a thatched-roof cottage . There is just one dwarf in “ The Lord of the Rings ” : Gimli . He is the son of Gloin , one of Bilbo 's companions in “ The Hobbit. ” ( Gloin does make a brief appearance at the Council of Elrond , but that hardly counts . ) Having one dwarf in your epic fantasy novel is like having one acrobat in a circus . You need a troupe ! Poor Gimli is charged not only with protecting the ringbearer , but also with providing much of the comic relief in the trilogy . By contrast , “ The Hobbit ” features a dozen dwarves and is the richer for it . Who ca n't sympathize with a group of grumpy , bearded refugees who have been evicted from their homeland by a greedy despot ? The fact that they squabble , refuse to listen to directions , and end up starting a war only makes them more fun to read about .
3 . Just enough Gollum .
Like the hobbits , Gollum gets to be pretty annoying by the final pages of “ The Lord of the Rings. ” You close the book and never want to see the word “ precious ” again . A glance at the chronology at the end of “ The Return of the King ” reveals that , by the time Bilbo takes the ring from him in “ The Hobbit , ” Gollum has been living on his slimy little island in the Misty Mountains for some five hundred years . The ring , obtained by murder , has made him crazy and crazy people—as anyone who lives in New York City can attest—wear you out after a while . In the “ Hobbit , ” we must endure Gollum 's third-person self-babble for a single chapter , but in “ The Lord of the Rings , ” he accompanies Frodo and Sam through hundreds and hundreds of pages . “ This creature is in some way bound up with my errand , ” Frodo tells Faramir in “ The Two Towers. ” It 's the understatement of all time . Frodo could have done everyone a big favor by letting Faramir 's men kill Gollum at the Forbidden Pool . Come to think of it , Bilbo probably should have offed him in the first book .
4 . A dragon .
No image is more central to the literature of fantasy than the dragon sitting on a pile of gold . For all the magnificent creatures in the “ Rings ” trilogy , there is no beast as grand and imposing as Smaug , the ornery winged lizard who has dispossessed the dwarves of their home and their treasure hoard . Tolkien , who had a way with names , never came up with a better one . His stroke of genius , though , was making Smaug a character , not a monster . Smaug combines the haughty condescension of a one-per-center and the killer instinct of an apex predator . He 's Gordon Gekko with a flamethrower . Smaug uses guile as well as fire in dealing with his enemies and it is ultimately a very human character flaw—arrogance—that undoes him .
5 . No Tom Bombadil .
Wisely cut by Jackson from the “ Rings ” movies , Bombadil is the Johnny Appleseed of Middle Earth—an idealized , rustic man who is also one of Tolkien 's most irritating characters . Identified as “ the Master of wood , water , and hill , ” he lives with a woman named Goldberry in an enchanted house in the forest and provides assistance and shelter to the Hobbits early in their journey . Bombadil combines many of Tolkien 's worst traits as a writer : an over-idealization of the natural world ; the effusive love of song and verse ; and the complete lack of a libido . ( You ca n't really imagine Bombadil ever getting it on with Goldberry . ) Bombadil first announces himself to the Hobbits as if walking onstage in a Gilbert and Sullivan opera :
Hey dol ! Merry dol ! Ring a dong dillo !
Ring a dong ! Fal lal the willow !
Tom Bom , jolly Tom , Tom Bombadillo !
He is also , as you can see , an over-user of the exclamation point—always a suspect trait . By contrast , “ The Hobbit ” features Beorn , a more complex character who serves many of the same functions as Bombadil . Beorn gives Bilbo and the dwarves shelter on their journey and shares Bombadil 's deep connection to the natural world . Yet he is believably drawn as both short-tempered and somewhat sinister . “ He can be appalling when he is angry , ” Gandalf warns the dwarves . Beorn may be a vegetarian , but he is also “ a skin-changer , ” who becomes a menacing black bear when not in human form . You ca n't help thinking he could kick Tom Bombadil 's ass .
6 . Do n't mention the war .
“ The Hobbit ” 's plot could n't be simpler : Over the mountains and through the woods to Smaug 's house we go . Kill the dragon , get the gold . It is the very essence of an adventure story . Toward the end of novel , things do get a little political , as Bilbo and the dwarves find themselves at the center of a war between the Lake Men , the Wood Elves , the Goblins , and the Wargs , but the source of all this hostility is easy to understand : treasure . Compare this to the “ Rings ” trilogy , which has been freighted with all kinds of real-world allegories . Sauron is Hitler . Saruman is Mussolini . The Fellowship is the Allies . The One Ring is the Atomic Bomb . The ghastly battles of Minas Tirith and Helm 's Deep are drawn from Tolkien 's own service in the trenches . The Hobbit , written before the Second World War , belongs to a more appealingly innocent world .
7 . No love interests .
As noted with Tom Bombadil and Goldberry above , sex and romance are not Tolkien 's forte . “ The Lord of the Rings ” features a number of not-quite-convincing affairs of the heart : Aragorn and Arwen ; Eowyn and Aragorn ; Sam Gamgee and Rosie Cotton , etc . “ The Hobbit ” dispenses with all of that . In fact , “ The Hobbit ” dispenses with women altogether . Bilbo , Gandalf , Beorn , and the dwarves are unencumbered by the need to woo and win damsels . This may be a failing in real-world terms , but it plays to Tolkien 's strengths as a storyteller : mystery , suspense , and action . Not for nothing did Tolkien relegate the full story of Aragorn and Arwen 's romance to an appendix at the end of “ The Return of the King . ”
8 . Nine hundred fewer pages to read .
My first reading of “ The Lord of the Rings ” took place during a cross-country car trip when I was fifteen . It 's the perfect book for youthful summer vacations—or a stay in solitary confinement . These days , with children , career , and much else to worry about , a twelve-hundred-page novel ( especially one containing Tom Bombadil ) is too much to contemplate . But , three hundred pages , I can do . I breezed through “ The Hobbit ” in a week , reading it mostly after my kids went to sleep . There is only one story line to follow . You do n't have to learn scads of history or remember lots of names . And the excitement never really stops . All of which means you still have plenty of time to read ( or re-read ) “ The Hobbit ” before the movie opens on December 14 . You 'll be glad you did .
Illustration by Istvan Banyai .
I was reading my shero Brené Brown 's new book Daring Greatly : How The Courage To Be Vulnerable Transforms The Way We Live , Love , Parent , and Lead when I reached page 51 and my heart stopped in an “ OMG , how did she read my mind , and how did she know exactly how to give language to something that 's been hurting for years ? ” sorta way .
In this chapter , Brené is talking about trust in , and how we build and lose trust . She compares it to a jar of marbles . Over time , when someone demonstrates trustworthiness , we add marbles to the jar . If they betray our trust , we pull marbles out . The safety of the relationship depends on how many marbles are in the jar over time .
This is the part of Brené 's book that took my breath away :
When we think about betrayal in terms of the marble jar metaphor , most of us think of someone we trust doing something so terrible that it forces us to grab the jar and dump out every single marble . What 's the worst betrayal of trust ? He sleeps with my best friends . She lies about where the money went . He/she chooses someone over me . Someone uses my vulnerability against me ( an act of emotional treason that causes most of us to slam the entire jar to the ground rather than just dumping out the marbles . ) All terrible betrayals , definitely , but there is a particular sort of betrayal that is more insidious and equally corrosive to trust .
In fact , this betrayal usually happens long before the other ones . I 'm talking about the betrayal of disengagement . Of not caring . Of letting the connection go . Of not being willing to devote time and effort to the relationship . The word betrayal evokes experiences of cheating , , breaking a , failing to defend us to someone else who 's gossiping about us , and not choosing us over other people . These behaviors are certainly betrayals , but they 're not the only form of betrayal . If I had to choose the form of betrayal that emerged most frequently from my research and that was the most dangerous in terms of corroding the trust connection , I would would say disengagement .
When the people we love or with whom we have a deep connection stop caring , stop paying , stop investing and fighting for the relationship , trust begins to slip away and hurt starts seeping in . Disengagement triggers and our greatest fears - the fears of being abandoned , unworthy , and unlovable . What can make this covert betrayal so much more dangerous than something like a lie or an affair is that we ca n't point to the source of our pain - there 's no event , no obvious evidence of brokenness . It can feel crazy-making .
The Ragged Way People Fall Out Of Love
After reading this , I had to give myself a hug ( and reach out to my BFF so she could hug me too . ) Trying not to venture into self-pity land , I realized that almost every single ex-relationship in my life ended with just this sort of betrayal . When my to my first husband was falling apart , I begged him to go to marriage counseling with me , and he refused , claiming that it would just cost money and steal precious time ( we were both medical residents ) to confirm what we already knew - that we were n't compatible and that we needed to get divorced .
Marriage # 2
When my second marriage was falling apart , my husband did agree to go to marriage counseling with me . Then one day , I was in the therapist 's office , looking at the clock . He was ten minutes late , and then twenty . I called his cell and the call went straight to voicemail . I called his work and they said he had left hours earlier . I called home , but there was no answer . That night , he did n't come home and did n't tell me where he had gone .
When I saw him the next day and asked where he 'd been and why he had n't come to , he just shrugged his shoulders . When I pushed him to communicate , he just shut down .
I kept going to therapy without him , and he grew increasingly distant . I wrote him letters . I left him rambling messages on his phone , trying to share my feelings . I tried talking to him . But most days I barely saw him , and when I did , I no longer felt safe saying what I really wanted to say , which was that I felt desperately hurt that he did n't seem to care enough about our relationship to fight for it .
Then the day came when we were scheduled to go on a two week vacation to Big Sur , a vacation we had planned six months in advance , intended to celebrate our anniversary . Taking two weeks off as a full time doctor was a big deal , and I had been very excited about the trip , especially in light of how bad things had gotten in our marriage . In my , Big Sur would heal us , the time together would knit us back together , we 'd have great , and we 'd live happily ever after .
But the week before our trip , he announced that he was going to climb Mount Whitney instead of coming to Big Sur with me . When I started crying , he told me to “ stop being so manipulative , ” which only left me crying more .
My therapist finally told me that my marriage was over , even if we were still living together , that it takes two people fighting for a marriage in order to save it , and that clearly , my husband had disengaged , even though he had n't asked for .
It was painfully true . I went to Big Sur by myself , and the week after returning home , I filed for divorce .
A Jar Full of Marbles
I 'm now happily married to husband # 3 , who I 've been with for ten years and who is one of the kindest , gentlest , most emotionally available men I 've ever met . There are so many marbles in the jar in my relationship with Matt that we find ourselves becoming increasingly brave in how vulnerable we 're willing to be . It 's been profoundly healing on many levels . What I appreciate most about him is that , if we disagree ( which we do ) , he 's willing to go there , to communicate , to get pissed , to speak his truth , to open his heart , to express hurt - whatever . Never once , in ten years , has he shut down on me . ( If anything , I 've been the one more inclined to do so from time to time . )
With a jar overflowing with marbles , I feel safe to share anything with Matt , and that safety has allowed me to take huge risks , both personally and professionally , knowing that his love for me is not conditional .
Have You Been Betrayed ?
I suspect I 'm not alone in feeling betrayed in this slow , insidious way . Have you lost a relationship because someone just quit fighting for the relationship ? Are you still in a relationship with someone who seems like they 've stopped caring , stopped investing , stopped paying attention ? Do you feel hurt because you still love someone and you 're no longer getting evidence that they love you back ? Is your jar of marbles running on empty ?
Then I strongly encourage you to go out and buy three copies ( one for you and one for your two best friends ) of Brené Brown 's startlingly insightful new book Daring Greatly , which launches today . As someone on a quest to push the envelope of vulnerability , not just in my personal relationships , but publicly , here on the internet , I keep finding myself nodding as I read this book .
It 's chock full of nuggets like these :
Shame is the ability to say “ This hurts . This is disappointing , maybe even devastating . But success and recognition and approval are not the values that drive me . My value is courage and I was just courageous . You can move on , shame . ”
Vulnerability is about sharing our feelings and our experiences with people who have earned the right to hear them… We do n't just lead with “ Hi , my name is Brené , and here 's my darkest struggle. ” That 's not vulnerability . That may be desperation or woundedness or even attention-seeking , but it 's not vulnerability . Why ? Because sharing appropriately , with boundaries , means sharing with people with whom we 've developed relationships that can bear the weight of our story . The result of this mutually respectful vulnerability is increased connection , trust , and engagement .
Gulp .
The Gateway to Intimacy
I 've been noodling these very issues for years now , but especially since reading Brené 's latest book . I keep asking myself why I am as vulnerable as I am . And why I withhold what I do . What motivates me to share or withhold ?
Last week , I revealed something super vulnerable to a dear friend during a long talk into the early hours of the morning . The next day , I woke up with what Brené calls a “ vulnerability hangover. ” I kicked myself for over-sharing , doubted myself for having gone too far , worried that my friend would judge me or reject me .
But that has an overflowing marble jar and , of course , that did n't happen . My friend was incredibly supportive and sent me love texts all day , knowing how vulnerable I felt after what I had shared . Not only did I not get rejected ; if anything , it drew us closer .
Every single one of us is hardwired to connect , and vulnerability is the gateway to the intimacy we crave . But it takes serious guts to push the limits of your vulnerability , to dig deeper and deeper into the core of who you are and not only love and accept those imperfect parts of yourself , but to expose them to someone else , hoping , trusting , praying that they will be held sacred .
Are you brave enough to be vulnerable ?
Trusting you ,
Lissa
Lissa Rankin , MD : Creator of the and wellness communities LissaRankin.com and OwningPink.com , author of Mind Over Medicine : Scientific Proof You Can Heal Yourself ( Hay House , 2013 ) , TEDx speaker , and Health Care Evolutionary . Join her newsletter list for free guidance on healing yourself , and check her out on Twitter and Facebook .
What had you achieved by your second birthday ? Rocket League is something of a child prodigy as it celebrates its second birthday it has already mastered walking , talking , and running too .
The Psyonix title has come a long way in a short time and the past six months have seen its esports scene pick up the pace in a big way too . This summer it will have its own televised $ 100,000 NBC tournament , it 's set to be part of this August 's X-Games which sees airtime on ESPN , the RLCS hit greater heights with its third season and it 's one of three titles that form the Gfinity Elite Series which kicks off this weekend .
Moreover , the Collegiate Rocket League Summer Series is just a few days away , while Season 4 of the Rocket League Championship Series is n't far off either .
We 're also seeing more and more grassroots tournaments emerge such as those from the Pro Rivalry League and the forthcoming Rocket League World Cup .
To celebrate its birthday , here are some stats to better recognise how far it has come…
Psyonix is n't finished there either . As for what 's coming next , well there 's plenty . Rocket League is moving to new pastures ; Nintendo Switch will soon see its version released , a new upgrade patch for Xbox One X is currently in development , and China can expect a free-to-play Rocket League before the game 's next birthday .
Esports Insider says : We love Rocket League and no-one should be surprised at the title 's growth . The game has a developer that is passionate and listens to its community of fans which is why it keeps getting bigger and better . Who knows which stats we 'll be able to show for its third birthday !
New Jersey State Senator Barbara Buono delivered her concession speech shortly after her campaign rival Governor Chris Christie was declared the winner of the gubernatorial election . In her speech , Buono took multiple shots at the “ Democratic political bosses ” in New Jersey for their “ betrayal ” of her campaign .
Buono said her campaign “ took on the bosses in the political machine that have defined New Jersey politics for far too long , ” and specifically went after Democratic leaders for sabotaging her campaign .
“ The Democrat political bosses––some elected , some not , made a deal with this governor , despite him representing everything they 're supposed to be against . They did n't to it to help the state . They did it out of a desire to help themselves politically and financially . ”
A few minutes later , Buono praised her staffers , saying they “ withstood the onslaught of betrayal from our own political party . ”
Watch the video below , via News 12 New Jersey :
[ photo via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
About
For my first Kickstarter , I wanted to have something made that all the fans could enjoy . More than just your average run of the mill collectable . Thus , the Coins of Harmony were born !
Magic
In lieu of another awesome pony coin Kickstarter by Akili Amethyst , I decided I wanted to a set of coins made my self . I do n't really have any art powers , so I decided to keep it simple , a nice clean vector portrait , banner with the element , and cutie mark on the flip side of the coin .
Loyalty
Coins will be 1.75 inches in diameter , same size as a silver dollar , with an antique silver finish . 3.5mm thick , 3D raised portrait with the element name and cutie marks colored with enamel paint .
Laughter
Upon meeting my goal , I will be ordering a batch of at least 150 of each coin , though there is no upward limit to the amount of coins I will order . Enough coins will be ordered to fulfill all rewards plus extras to keep on hand to those who might miss out , or just want more .
Kindness
This will be my first purchase from the coin making company , and I know that the coin making process takes some time . New orders take approx . 4-6 weeks from the time of deposit to coins in hand . Then after that comes the process of shipping out rewards , so I 'm looking at April being the latest you would expect to start seeing coins arrive , though hopefully sooner .
Honesty
With all that said , I think that about wraps things up here . And do n't forget to check out Akili Amethyst 's new Kickstarter ,
Collectable Pony 'Stained Glass ' Coin II . I owe her for the inspiration .
Generosity
Thanks for your help ! Now let 's raise this barn !
Push to cross button at the new divider across Central Avenue between Northway Mall and Colonie Center Wednesday June 29 , 2016 in Colonie , NY . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) Push to cross button at the new divider across Central Avenue between Northway Mall and Colonie Center Wednesday June 29 , 2016 in Colonie , NY . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Buy photo Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Police launch Central Ave. pedestrian safety enforcement effort 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
Colonie
Police plan to stop and cite drivers and pedestrians who violate the rules on Central Avenue this week .
As part of an increased enforcement effort started this month , officers will be out in force from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday , Friday and Saturday , said Lt. Ken Pero , who oversees traffic enforcement for the town .
One area police are targeting is between the Colonie Center and Northway malls . The state Department of Transportation erected a high median with a fence to stop people from getting off a CDTA bus there and crossing mere feet from a signalized crosswalk .
Over the past two weeks , the police department has deployed extra personnel to cover Central Avenue and Wolf Road , said Sgt . Robert Donnelly .
`` The officers have been busy , lots of violations , '' he said .
Central Avenue has been a repeated focus of attention due to the number of pedestrian fatalities . Last year , five people were killed on the 15.4-mile stretch of Route 5 from Albany through Colonie to Schenectady , where the road becomes State Street . So far this year , two pedestrians have died .
Police in Albany and Troy also are participating in an increased enforcement effort targeting both motorists and pedestrians , said DOT spokesman Bryan Viggiani .
`` We see this as chance to equally educate both halves of this equation , '' he said .
The state will spend $ 110 million over the next five years in upstate New York and on Long Island to address pedestrian safety . The Central Avenue deaths , as well as the death of a 16-year-old girl crossing Route 787 in Cohoes prompted renewed attention to the dangers .
Last week , DOT , the Health Department and the Governor 's Traffic Safety Committee launched television and radio advertisements under the theme `` See ! Be Seen ! '' The TV ad shows drivers engaging in a variety of bad behaviors — dancing and horsing around to loud music , putting on makeup and eating a falling-apart sandwich — before an earphone-wearing pedestrian staring at a smartphone steps off a curb on a Schenectady street and gets hit .
`` This is the first of several PSAs , '' Viggiani said . `` We are still in discussion of the messaging of the next PSA . ''
tobrien @ timesunion.com • 518-454-5092 • @ timobrientu
A NEW chance to grab a nice STEAM Bundle for FREE ! Grab 6 games including `` PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate '' and `` Speedball 2 HD '' , `` Postal '' , `` Numba Deluxe '' , `` Cobi Treasure Deluxe '' , `` Victim of Xen '' . ( Four of them are also with Steam Trading Cards ! ) GMG brings their popular Welcome Pack back for one week only ! Be fast ; - )
Hint : Follow us on facebook ... and you wo n't miss the next GAME for FREE !
How to get your free welcome pack ?
You´ll find all instructions on the following page . Please read carefully !
`` Green Man Gaming '' members which connect their Steam accounts to Playfire for the first time , will receive a voucher which will allow them to claim a free Welcome Pack with 6 games .
Find all details about this offer also in Green Man Gaming´s official blog post .
tl ; dr
1 . Sign in to Playfire with your Green Man Gaming account .
2 . On Playfire select 'Sign in through Steam ' and connect your Steam account .
3 . Wait up to 72 hours for the email with your `` Welcome Pack voucher '' . Redeem this voucher on GMG´s Welcome Pack landing page ! ( The price will than reduce to $ 0 )
If you 've any question or problem , then just take a look at the comments ! Feel free to ask a question , giveaway a key , or just add a note !
Find more GAMES for FREE and awesome digital game offers on our Game Deals overview !
Good luck !
Below you´ll find details for each of the game in this Welcome Pack by Green Man Gaming .
PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate - Steam ( Win/Mac/Linux ) + Trading Cards
Speedball 2 HD - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
Postal - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
Numba Deluxe - Steam ( Windows )
Cobi Treasure Deluxe - Steam ( Windows )
Victim of Xen - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
Game 1 : PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate - Steam ( Win/Mac/Linux ) + Trading Cards
Tikiman the Forest Defender is in trouble . Hordes of monsters are sweeping through his realm , hoping to chow down on his offspring – and it 's up to you to defend them . By placing weapon towers at strategic points around the landscape , you can destroy the invaders and save the little ones .
This game contains Steam Trading Cards .
BlueMaxima Plays PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate HD by BlueMaxima 's Vita Channel
Game 2 : Speedball 2 HD - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
A modern reincarnation on the classic , futuristic cyberpunk sports game Speedball , originally developed by the Bitmap Brothers and first released for the Atari ST in 1990 .
This game includes Steam Trading Cards .
WTF Is ... - Speedball 2 HD ? by TotalBiscuit , The Cynical Brit
Game 3 : Postal - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
Play as The POSTAL Dude in his first appearance in a video game . Includes all the original missions PLUS the Special Delivery addon pack !
This game includes Steam Trading Cards .
Postal Plus / Classic And Uncut P.C Review by DEIVION212
Game 4 : Numba Deluxe - Steam ( Windows )
An exciting , all-new gaming experience which is fun , challenging and will help you increase your overall mental fitness ! Create Numba chains in various sequences . Sound easy ?
Numba Deluxe - Gameplay
Game 5 : Cobi Treasure Deluxe - Steam ( Windows )
Help Sally the seahorse collect and match ocean treasures before they fall to the seabed . Match the falling ocean gems and play through three exciting and absorbing game modes in the perfect blend of relaxation and Match 3 fun !
Cobi Treasure Deluxe Gameplay
Game 6 : Victim of Xen - Steam ( Windows ) + Trading Cards
Follow Will as he becomes a victim of circumstance , after the frivolous royal witch turns him into a girl .
This game includes Steam Trading Cards .
Members of the Ku Klux Klan protest on July 8 in Charlottesville , Virginia . Chet Strange/Getty Images
A South Carolina fifth-grade teacher has been placed on administrative leave after she gave students an assignment that asked them to justify the actions of the KKK in the Reconstruction-era South .
The assignment sparked criticism and outrage on social media after a student 's uncle posted a photo of the KKK-focused homework assignment . “ You are there , ” the prompt reads . “ You are a member of the KKK . Why do you think your treatment of African Americans is justified ? ”
According to the uncle , the student came home crying the day of the assignment . The teacher , Kerri Roberts of Oak Pointe Elementary School in Irmo , South Carolina , was placed on administrative leave the next day . The school district , in a statement to WLTX , said the action was part of a standard investigation and that they were “ taking this matter very seriously . ”
South Carolina standards for 5th grade require lessons on Reconstruction and discriminatory groups including the KKK . We must teach the standard , but we are taking steps to ensure this particular assignment will never be used again in District Five schools .
We understand the seriousness of this matter particularly in light of the events taking place in our country at this time . We want to ensure that our students , parents , staff and community know that we are giving this matter our full attention .
While it does seem like a particularly charged time to ask students to envision themselves as members of the KKK , as other publications have noted , Roberts is n't the only one to get in trouble for racially insensitive school assignments . A Los Angeles school gave second-graders a math question about slaves during Black History Month . In April , a Florida teacher gave a diversity-focused worksheet to middle schoolers that really missed the mark .
What is H1Z1 ? We 've spotted what seems to be a game homepage for Sony Online 's next project . We 've heard the name H1Z1 before , actually : in January , when we learned that SOE had registered it as a trademark .
Even then the internet was speculating that H1Z1 was probably a survival game , and this foggy , full-mooned teaser site only supports that idea . Occluded by the fug is what seems to be a rural community , possibly a trailer park . The greater pieces of evidence , though , are two photos that SOE President John Smedley shared over Twitter in January :
Other than the seemingly contemporary setting , one thing we can glean from the images of the church above is the change in time and lighting , a feature we 'd expect from a multiplayer zombie survival game . Time-of-day is a feature of SOE 's Forgelight engine , which PlanetSide 2 and Landmark also run on .
There is n't much that we can infer from the page 's source code ( excerpted above ) , other than some associated links to SOE 's digital delivery service , Station . Line 149 references what seems to be an age check , but that 's probably to do with general restrictions on online account creation rather than something related to the subject matter of the game .
We 'll probably know more quite soon , though—another Smedley tweet mentions that we 'll see more of the game tomorrow on Game Talk Live , a livestream channel , and a reply tweet indicates that “ you can play it yourself soon . and by play I mean playfully . ”
watch http : //t.co/OfEekcv325 tmw between 5-6pm PST if you are interested in the new game we have n't announced . there is gameplay footage April 8 , 2014
A clear trend is developing among the economic plans of the GOP presidential hopefuls : shift the burden of taxation from upper-income to lower-income households . Yesterday , the Tax Policy Center released an analysis concluding that Texas Gov . Rick Perry 's plan would cut taxes on high-income households , raise taxes on low- and middle-income households , and produce bigger deficits . The gist of Perry 's plan is to add an optional federal income tax to the current code : a flat 20 percent tax on ( almost all ) income less personal exemptions , charitable giving , home mortgage interest , state and local taxes , and all capital gains and dividends income ( aptly dubbed an “ Alternative Maximum Tax ” by Howard Gleckman ) .
Those earning more than $ 1 million would see their average tax bill fall by more than half , a tax break of $ 496,000 in 2015 alone , relative to current policy . The highest income 0.1 percent of households ( with income above $ 2.8 million ) would see a tax break of over $ 1.5 million—even more egregious than the mammoth tax cut they would receive under Herman Cain 's “ 999 ” plan .
Meanwhile , Perry 's plan appears to let the Bush-era tax cuts expire in 2013 , meaning that lower-income households would lose their expanded earned income tax credit , child tax credit , and the 10 percent bracket . ( The John Dunham and Associates analysis for the Perry campaign uses a current law baseline and TPC also concluded that the Bush-era tax cuts would expire on schedule . ) The Bush-era tax cuts were regressive and disproportionately benefited upper-income households , but a fraction of these tax cuts have gone to lower- and middle-class households ; Perry would effectively do away with these tax cuts while giving higher-income households an even bigger tax cut . This would mean an average tax increase of over $ 400 for households earning between $ 20,000 and $ 40,000 . Although this may appear at odds with Perry 's anti-tax ideology , higher taxes for the poor and middle class is in fact entirely consistent with his misleading rhetoric lambasting the “ injustice ” that nearly half of households do n't pay federal income taxes .
The chart below depicts TPC 's analysis of effective tax rates by cash income level under Perry 's plan versus current policy . On average , households with income under $ 50,000 see a tax hike . Above this level , tax cuts balloon as income rises . Millionaires would be left paying a lower effective tax rate than a middle class family earning between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 . This completely violates the idea of a progressive tax code and the Buffett Rule .
Click to enlarge
The natural result of modestly raising taxes on working families while slashing taxes for upper-income households is hemorrhaging revenue : this is not about “ shared sacrifice ” or the budget deficit . As my colleague Ethan Pollack points out , the Perry campaign relies on highly dishonest dynamic scoring to claim their tax code produces more revenue . Official budget scorekeepers incorporate behavioral responses but not dynamic growth effects into tax policy analysis , because research shows growth effects are generally small and can break either way depending on how tax cuts are financed ( see this CBPP overview of dynamic scoring ) . TPC 's static model shows Perry 's plan losing $ 995 billion relative to current law , a decrease of 27 percent , in calendar year 2015 alone ( $ 570 billion relative to the inadequate levels projected under current policy ) .
Working households would get hammered again when that additional revenue loss is financed with draconian spending cuts , as required by the balanced budget amendment and spending cap component of Perry 's economic plan . This is merely a plan to dismantle government and refund all the savings , plus some working families ' disposable income , to upper-income households .
More young adults in Ontario say they would smoke marijuana if the federal government legalizes the drug , according to a new public opinion poll .
Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne has argued the LCBO is a natural fit for the retail pot business because its unionized employees have experience distributing and selling a controlled substance . ( HILARY SWIFT / NYT )
The provincewide survey , released exclusively to the Star by Forum Research , found that 29 per cent of respondents aged 18 to 34 reported using weed in the past year . But 39 per cent of people in the same demographic said they would likely take the drug if it were legal . Forum president Lorne Bozinoff said the increase was not unexpected , given that young people generally have a more permissive attitude toward pot . He noted that overall , it does n't appear that legalization would prompt a sharp uptake in marijuana use . Only 22 per cent of respondents of all ages said they would use pot if the law were changed , a small change from the 17 per cent who said they consumed the drug in the past year .
Article Continued Below
“ ( Legalization ) is not going to be the great cultural revolution that people are thinking it 's going to be , ” Bozinoff said . “ When you look at how many are using it now and how many would use it when it 's legal , it 's not that many people at the end of the day. ” In its inaugural speech from the throne earlier this month , the new Liberal government promised to “ legalize , regulate and restrict access to marijuana. ” The poll found that a majority of Ontarians , or 56 per cent , support that goal . But though Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has said regulating the drug will help keep it out of the hands of minors , he has yet to outline what an overhauled legal regime would look like . Key questions such as who would be authorized to sell pot and how much it would be taxed will be determined by a government task force that will take input from experts in public health , substance abuse and law enforcement . The Forum poll found , among Ontarians , setting up special dispensaries would be the most popular way to facilitate legal pot sales , with 57 per cent of respondents saying they approved of that model . Almost half , or 47 per cent , said they disapproved of a plan , floated by Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne last week , to sell marijuana through provincially owned liquor stores . But almost as many , 44 per cent , said they liked the idea .
Wynne has argued the LCBO is a natural fit for the retail pot business because its unionized employees have experience distributing and selling a controlled substance . The poll found that only 15 per cent of respondents is in favour of allowing marijuana sales at corner stores .
Article Continued Below
In Colorado , Oregon and Washington , three U.S. states that have recently legalized pot , marijuana is sold through licensed specialty stores or dispensaries . Although a solid majority of Ontarians backs the legalization of marijuana , most respondents still believe there is no place for pot in the public sphere . Nearly six in 10 said that smoking marijuana should be allowed only in private spaces . Support for legalization also varies widely depending on which political party Ontarians support . Only 32 per cent of Progressive Conservative voters want to end the prohibition . They were also the least likely to report using pot themselves . The Progressive Conservatives have lost four successive elections , and Bozinoff said the marijuana debate is a “ flagship issue ” that shows how difficult it could be for the party 's leaders to make electoral gains without abandoning their base . “ It just shows that the Tories are still marching to their own drummer on social issues , ” he said . “ If they want to grow the party and get out of their second-place status , they 've got to move to the centre . But their core on social issues is very conservative. ” The survey of 1,003 randomly selected Ontario adults was conducted by interactive voice response on Dec. 20 . Results are considered accurate plus or minus three percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . Some data have been statistically weighted by age , region and other variables to ensure the sample reflects the actual population as reflected in census data . Poll results are housed in the data library of the University of Toronto political science department . With files from Bruce Campion-Smith
Orlando City 's `` Making History '' documentary premiered at tonight 's kickoff of the Orlando Film Festival this evening , with a screening attended by players , coaches , owners , staff , fans and film enthusiasts at the Cobb Plaza Cinema Café in downtown Orlando .
The 47-minute film , produced by Orlando City 's Decio Lopes , chronicles the club 's rise from an idea in the mind of Phil Rawlins in Austin , TX , to a reality , selling out the Citrus Bowl for an MLS debut in 2015 . I 'm not going to pretend to be a film critic , but the documentary , told mainly in a series of interviews with OCSC executives , Head Coach Adrian Heath , owners Phil Rawlins and Flavio Augusto da Silva , and Kaká , ticked all the buttons of a great sports documentary .
The early struggles are discussed , including how the original club -- the Austin Aztex -- were forced to find new training grounds after only two practices because they were tearing up the school 's football field . Lopes wrings a range of emotions out of his subjects , including the self-deprecating humor of Rawlins , the overwhelming warmth and commitment of his wife , Kay ( head of the Orlando City Foundation ) , and the passion of da Silva .
`` It 's been an amazing journey and seeing it all up there on the screen , the journey all the way from Austin to this amazing city , '' Kay Rawlins said after the screening .
And , of course , there 's the heroic final moment on the field , with Kaká , the team 's captain , delivering the first goal in club history to salvage a point in a sold-out Citrus Bowl on opening day 2015 . The story is well known to City fans , but Lopes did a nice job of bringing it to life on the big screen . It 's sure to make fans get emotional over old USL favorites . The premiere crowd laughed at all the right spots and broke into raucous applause as the credits rolled .
Following the screening , the club held a media and fan Q & A session outside the theater . That 's where Rawlins let it be known that if you missed tonight 's showings , you 'll still get your chance to see it .
`` We are planning on making a DVD copy of the film to sell for people who could n't come tonight , '' he said .
`` ( The film ) makes you realize how far we 've come , in football terms , in a short period of time , '' Heath said . `` How many people we have to thank , who have helped us along the way . Not only the players , but people who have put money into this club to make it to what it is today . It makes me realize how very very privileged and happy and very proud to be the head coach of this football club ''
Lopes is a long-time producer in Brazil , who brought his talents to Orlando , joining the club 's new business ventures group . With `` Making History , '' he showed that the club is adept at finding talent beyond just on the playing field .
`` I did not schedule the interviews , '' Lopes said after the premiere . `` I just showed up at their offices . What I really wanted from them was the emotion , their feelings and I think we got it . ''
He 's right .
Sioux Falls Police are investigating the city 's first homicide of 2017 .
Officers found a transgender woman dead inside her Sioux Falls apartment Friday night after a neighbor called to report a foul smell coming from next door .
Friends are morning the death of 28-year-old Jamie Lee Wounded Arrow .
Wounded Arrow was found dead in her apartment Friday night .
`` Jamie was going through some changes in her life . She taught me it 's okay to go through those changes , '' said neighbor and friend , Franklin J. Whiting Jr .
Wounded Arrow moved to Sioux Falls about six months ago . She was a proud member of the LGBT community and the group Sioux Falls Two Spirit and Allies .
`` This was impossible to learn about . She is the last person I expected this to happen to , '' said friend Reina Parker .
Parker and Wounded Arrow became friends not long after her move to Sioux Falls . She says it did n't take long for them to bond .
`` Her impact was instantaneous . Just the moment she started talking you could feel the energy inside of her and you can feel the type of person she was , '' Parker said .
`` The comfort she shows , the compassion she shows , she makes me feel very comfortable , '' added Whiting Jr .
Police have not released a motive for her death , but friends believe her death may be related to her gender identity .
`` Who she was and what she was , she was present in every word she spoke and you did n't have to know to realize the type of human she was , '' stated Parker .
`` It means we have a lot of work to do and we also need a lot of help and there is a lot to be done for education . There 's a lot to be done for L.G.B.T protections , '' said President of the Center of Equality , Danielle Wilcox .
Wounded Arrow 's friends say she inspired others to not be afraid to be themselves .
`` I just want people to remember Jamie as a strong individual . If you every feel down , weak , scared , do n't be , '' said Whiting Jr .
Wounded Arrow 's death marks the second homicide this year of a transgender person in the United States .
2016 was the deadliest year on record for the community , with 25 reported deaths across the country .
Last month , a Dallas area Paratransit driver did n't even attempt to stop and plowed into an entire line of cars that were waiting to get off at an exit . Multiple cars were totaled and one man is still in the hospital with a fractured skull , broken hip , and almost a dozen broken ribs .
The driver , who had 11 years of service under his belt and a squeaky clean service record , was just fired according to MSNBC
So what made him crash into these cars ? The operator of Dallas ' Paratransit vehicles , Veolia , has said that they have no reason to suspect the driver was violating cell phone policies or under the influence of drugs or alcohol .
The official accident report states that the driver caused the crash by `` not slowing down . '' That might be an understatement .
Advertisement
Now , there is a video of the crash from inside the bus posted on The Dallas Observer that shows a surprising lack of emotion from the driver . From watching the video , it does n't look like he 's asleep at the wheel and there does n't seem to be a mechanical fault with the bus that 's preventing it from stopping .
All we see is that he seems to be looking slightly to his left . Even if there was something interesting in the mirror , that is no excuse for crashing into a line of cars .
He 's very lucky that he did n't have anyone else in the bus at the time and that no other motorists were killed .
Advertisement
( Hat tip to broke economist ! )
Re : updated scripts with budgets
The Long Run # 8 — Stephanie Brown
The Long Run takes place outside of our normal continuity of episodes , and features table discussion of an entire work or long selection of a series . In this episode of The Long Run we talk about the life and times of Stephanie Brown . For this special episode we read a selection of titles including many issues of Robin and Batgirl , the crossover events War Drums , War Games , and War Crimes , and several one-shots and special issues . A full list can be found here .
Stephanie Brown began as a minor supporting character during the 90s in the Tim Drake Robin series . As the daughter of C-list Batman-villain The Cluemaster , Stephanie dressed up as The Spoiler in order to foil her father 's schemes . As time went on the character garnered a following , and she evolved into a love-interest for Tim , and ultimately a full fledged member of the Bat-family .
She eventually ( and briefly ) graduated to the role of Robin when Tim quit , but was quickly shuffled off both the team and the mortal coil . Death , however , could not keep Stephanie down and she returned DC Comics , this time as the 3rd Batgirl . Her series received critical acclaim , and ran for two years until Stephanie finally suffered totally existential failure , blinking out of existence in the New-52 reboot of the DCU .
On the next episode of The Long Run we will be reading Hayao Miyazaki 's Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind , the manga which served as the basis ( and as a continuation of ) the classic animated film .
Our hosts on this episode are Andrew Chard , Joe Preti , Tobiah Panshin , and Cade Reynolds .
Should we trust DNA ?
The role of DNA testing in the justice system has seemed unassailable - who can argue with the odds of two people sharing the same genetic markers being , in some cases , as low as 1 in 113 billion ? So DNA testing has been used to convict defendants in cases that are otherwise scant of evidence , and it 's been used to spring prisoners who rotted in jail for decades for crimes that they said they did n't commit .
Now , it turns out that DNA might not be so reliable after all .
Seven years ago , a state crime lab analyst was running tests on Arizona 's DNA database when she found two felons - one white , one African-American - who had nine out of 13 matching loci . According to the FBI , the odds of two unrelated people having a similar match was 1 in 113 billion . The analyst found dozens of similar matches in the years to come , and eventually news of her discovery spread to defense lawyers and the courts , despite aggressive attempts by the FBI to block similar searches . Considering how much we 've come to rely on DNA tests in the judicial system , the FBI 's resistance to allowing other expert scientists test the accuracy of their official statistics borders on criminal .
It 's also completely illogical . The DNA system is n't under attack here - it 's the numbers , and the way they 've been used , that are .
`` It is n't that the DNA technology is problematic , '' said David Faigman , the John F. Degardi Distinguished Professor of Law at UC Hastings School of Law . `` It 's that the explanation for what the DNA is doing that can be problematic . It tells you something , but perhaps it does n't tell you everything that you want to know . ''
Statistics of `` one in a billion '' can be misleading if you are searching through data banks with tens , hundreds of thousands , or even millions of people , Faigman explained . Those kinds of data bank searches are usually used in cold cases - no suspect , no motive , and no witnesses .
`` It 's an issue for the legal system , '' Faigman said . `` Do you allow DNA hits in cold cases absent any other evidence ? I would hope that there would be other evidence that 's solid if you 're going to get a conviction . ''
Unfortunately , the FBI seems to think that the only way is its way . The bureau has sought to discredit the analyst 's findings and urged state authorities to resist requests for similar searches . FBI officials have even threatened to expel offending states from the national DNA database .
Their response is ridiculous and reprehensible . People 's lives are at stake . They must open their databases to outside scientists , and they must do it now .
Kalashnikov Group incorporated in the State Corporation Rostec has opened its first branded shop to sell non-licensed products . Starting today , the goods are available to be purchased in Sheremetyevo Airport , 3nd floor , Aeroexpress Terminal .
The branded Kalashnikov store with the total area of 58 square meters has opened in the Aeroexpress Terminal connected to Sheremetyevo Airport by the pedestrian walkways . The retail point is decorated in Kalashnikov red and black corporate colors and divided into several zones in accordance with the number of company 's product brands .
“ Kalashnikov ” is one of the most popular brands that springs to mind when people all around the world come to think about Russia . That is why we are happy to give everyone who came to visit Russia an opportunity to take home a souvenir with Kalashnikov logo , - the Marketing Director Vladimir Dmitriev said . - Opening a branded shop in the airport that retains a leading position in terms of passenger traffic of our country is a totally reasonable step towards consumer adoption and building customer loyalty . We hope that people would highly evaluate our initiative and buy our company souvenirs as a memory of their trip ” .
The Kalashnikov store offers branded souvenirs , as well as clothing items , bags , and other useful things with the brand logo . There is a choice of weight-and-size weapon prototypes that can be obtained by any person who has reached the legal age . By the end of this year , it is planned that specialized clothes and hunting apparel produced under the Baikal trademark will be available for purchase .
Published 05.05.2017 08:02 GMT+2 | Author Lucas Aykroyd
Antoine Roussel is almost always in the NHL 's top 10 penalty minute leaders . But his native France is n't always in the top 10 at the IIHF World Championship .
Those two facts obscure two other key realities . First , despite being a well-known agitator and fighter , the 27-year-old left wing has more ability than he 's often given credit for . And second , France , which has more than 21,000 registered players , is a hockey nation on the rise .
Roussel plays an all-around game , getting tons of defensive-zone starts with the Dallas Stars and blocking shots with persistent bravery . He also generates offense , and he 'll be expected to do that when he plays his fifth Worlds on home ice in Paris .
When early-season ailments left the Stars without key forwards like Jason Spezza , Patrick Sharp , Ales Hemsky , and Cody Eakin , Roussel took advantage . Between November 5 and 15 , he enjoyed a career-high seven-game point streak , amassing three goals and six assists in that span . In 2016-17 , he finished with 27 points , the second-highest total in his NHL career , despite playing just 60 games due to injuries .
During the November streak , Roussel was tickled by the chance to suit up on a line with centre Tyler Seguin and right wing Patrick Eaves , who was traded to Anaheim on 24 February . Seguin , 25 , led the 2015 IIHF World Championship with nine goals for the gold-medalist Canadians .
“ That makes it fun to play , ” Roussel told IIHF.com . “ I play all the time with good players . Seggy is in the top 10 or 20 players in this league . It makes it easy . ”
Yet overall , nothing has come easily for the Roubaix-born forward . Growing up in Paris , he first played rugby , but decided to tackle hockey seriously , moving to Canada with his family at age 16 . Undrafted after four seasons with the QMJHL 's Chicoutimi Sagueneens , he battled his way through the ECHL and AHL ranks before finally making his NHL debut with Dallas in 2013 .
Whereas some players easily shake off a defeat after the final horn sounds , Roussel absolutely hates to lose . You can see it in his eyes and hear it in his voice in his post-game interviews . The 181-cm , 91-kg veteran took it hard when Dallas was eliminated in Game Seven of the 2016 second round by the St. Louis Blues , ending the Stars ' best playoff run since reaching the 2008 Western Conference finals .
That defeat meant he had more time for off-ice activities , like caring for his cat , Django “ Minou ” Roussel , promoting the Dallas clothing store Mizzen+Main , and spending time with his wife Alexandra . However , it was n't what he wanted , and he certainly never expected that the Stars would miss the post-season this year . The team has re-hired coach Ken Hitchcock , who led them to the 1999 Stanley Cup , and hopes to revive their winning spirit in 2017-18 .
The bar for success is different with the French national team . Coach Dave Henderson , 64 , has kept Les Bleus in the elite division since 2008 , and that remains the primary goal . Roussel is a fan of the Winnipeg-born bench boss .
“ I think he brings a good attitude around the locker room , ” Roussel said . “ He makes sure everybody 's ready . He 's a player 's coach . He just wants you to succeed out there . He 's a good coach . He gets you fired up . ”
Roussel was at his most fired-up at the 2014 tournament in Belarus . He cracked the media all-star team – the only Frenchman ever to reap that honour – after racking up six goals and five assists in eight games on a line with Stephane Da Costa and Pierre-Edouard Bellemare . ( By comparison , superstar Alexander Ovechkin had four goals and seven assists in 10 games as Russia won gold . )
“ Everything was going perfectly , ” Roussel recalled . “ That line with Stephane and Pierre-Edouard , we found each other pretty well on the ice . Everybody complemented everybody else pretty well . It was a good atmosphere . ”
France finished eighth in 2014 , matching its best modern-era result from 1995 . Beyond Roussel 's line , what was the key ?
“ All the boys were confident . We took it one win at a time . I remember we lost against the Italians and everybody was so disspirited , thinking we might go down . But Pierre-Edouard took the lead and everybody kind of followed . That was kind of it . Nobody wanted to give up . We made the quarter-finals , even though we lost that game [ 3-0 to Russia ] . We did n't have enough gas in the tank at the end . ”
At the 2016 Worlds in Russia , the French came 14th without Roussel in the lineup . But his 2017 return could give them the fuel they need for another quarter-final berth .
Back to Overview
Updated at 5.06pm
SIX IRISH STUDENTS have died in a balcony collapse in Berkeley , California .
As many as eight are seriously injured .
Many of the injured have critical , life-threatening wounds , said officer Jennifer Coats , a spokeswoman with the Berkeley Police Department .
Speaking to RTÉ 's News at One , Minister for Foreign Affairs Charlie Flanagan said he was informed by police that it is currently believed that no other nationalities are involved . The students are believed to have been on a J1 .
Police received a call about the incident shortly before 1 am local time , and when officers arrived they found that the balcony on the fourth floor of the Liberty Gardens building on Kittredge Street had disintegrated .
It is believed a 21st birthday party was taking place at the time .
The incident took place one block from the University of California .
Stephanie Chuang , a reporter with NBC Bay Area , told TheJournal.ie a fifth person was pronounced dead in hospital .
Shortly before 5pm Irish time , a sixth person died in hospital .
She understands that the victims were aged between 20 and 25 . There is no confirmation yet on the nationalities of the eight injured people
A neighbour who gave a lift to a young Irish couple told her that they spoke about going to a party in the private apartment complex which is close to UC Berkeley .
Minister Charlie Flanagan said :
My heart goes out to the families and loved ones of the deceased and those who have been injured in this appalling accident .
“ My Department in Dublin stands ready to provide all possible consular assistance to the Irish citizens affected by this tragedy . Our Consul General in San Francisco is in close contact with the authorities and will be providing assistance to those affected on the ground . ”
He told RTÉ the incident currently looks like a “ tragic accident ” .
We are still waiting official confirmation of names and identities ”
Consul General Philip Grant is at the scene working with emergency services , Flanagan added .
President Michael D Higgins , who is currently on an official visit to Italy , said in a statement :
I have heard with the greatest sadness of the terrible loss of life of young Irish people and the critical injury of others in Berkeley , California today . My heart goes out to the families and loved one 's of all those involved . I have been informed of the consular assistance being provided to assist all of the families involved and I have asked to be kept informed as further details emerge .
Many of the injured have critical , life-threatening wounds , said officer Jennifer Coats , a spokeswoman with the Berkeley Police Department .
Police received a call about the incident shortly before 1 a.m. PDT Tuesday , and when officers arrived they found that the balcony on the fourth floor of the building on Kittredge Street had disintegrated .
Coats said officers are still investigating and she does n't have any information on how it occurred or what the people were doing on the structure at the time .
We do n't know what happened . Officers on scene talking with people
Coats said she also did n't have information on the identities of the victims , including their ages and gender .
We do n't have a lot of specific detail at this point because they ( investigators ) are still trying to work through it all .
The building has apartments in the upper floors and retails shops at ground level .
Student travel agency USIT say they are aware of the incident and have been in contact with the DFA .
Anyone with concerns about friends or family in the Berkley region , should call the Emergency Consular Response Team on +353 1 418 0200 — Irish Foreign Ministry ( @ dfatirl ) June 16 , 2015 Source : IrishForeignMinistry /Twitter
Anyone with concerns about friends or family in the region , should call the Emergency Consular Response Team on +353 1 418 0200 . There may be a delay in getting through to the volume of calls the line is currently taking .
More on this as we get it . Additional reporting by Rónán Duffy , Sinead O'Carroll , and The Associated Press .
Azerbaijani and US soldiers participate in a joint NATO military exercise outside Baku on April 24 , 2009 ( AFP Photo/Adil Kazimov )
Baku ( AFP ) - Azerbaijan said Friday eight soldiers had been killed in three days of clashes with arch-foe Armenia on the border and near the disputed Nagorny Karabakh region as tensions spiked in the long-running conflict .
International mediators , who have for years sought to help the two countries reach a breakthrough , expressed concern over the violence , with the United States renewing a plea for the presidents from both countries to meet for talks .
Azerbaijan 's defence ministry said Armenian troops had ramped up their activity in the past few days and attacked Azeri positions .
`` Reconnaissance and sabotage groups of the Armenian armed forces attempted to break through the line of contact between the troops along the entire front line , '' the ministry said , adding that the Armenian troops had been repelled .
`` As a result of clashes over the past three days , eight Azeri troops have died , '' it said .
Azerbaijan and Armenia have been locked in a protracted conflict over the Nagorny Karabakh region with occasional skirmishes along the front .
The latest clashes however represent a surge in tensions between the two countries , with one prominent Azeri military expert saying Baku has not suffered such losses in a single bout of hostilities since 1994 .
Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses , although it did not provide any details .
In Armenia , a high-ranking defence ministry official presented a different version of the events .
Speaking to AFP , he said Azerbaijani `` sabotage groups '' had tried to break into Armenia and that the Azeris had lost 14 troops in the latest skirmish .
`` Azerbaijani subversive groups were ambushed , '' the official said . `` As a result , they have 14 dead and lots of wounded . There are no casualties or wounded on the Armenian side . ''
Officials in Nagorny Karabakh for their part said two Armenian troops died in an attack by Azerbaijani forces on Thursday .
Armenian-backed separatists seized Nagorny Karabakh from Azerbaijan in a 1990s war that killed 30,000 people .
Despite years of negotiations since a 1994 ceasefire , the two sides have yet to sign a peace deal .
- No military solution -
US officials said Washington was concerned about the escalation of violence , calling `` on the sides to take immediate action to reduce tensions and respect the ceasefire . ''
`` There can be no military solution to the conflict . Retaliation and further violence will only make it more difficult to bring about a peaceful settlement , '' said deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf in a statement .
She added US officials `` stand ready to help efforts to bring about a lasting settlement . ''
Azerbaijan has threatened to take back the disputed region by force if negotiations do not yield results , while Armenia has vowed to retaliate against any military action .
Uzeir Dzhafarov , a prominent military expert in Azerbaijan , said clashes had recently intensified between the two sides .
`` Azerbaijan has not had such losses since March 1994 , '' he told AFP .
A security analyst in Armenia , Stepan Safaryan , for his part pointed out that the clashes came as international mediators tried to organise a meeting between the leaders of Armenia and Azerbaijan .
Safaryan suggested that the leadership of Azerbaijan had sought to wring concessions from Armenia in the run-up to the meeting .
`` Through such an escalation Azerbaijan is blackmailing the international community and the Armenian side before the meeting , '' he told AFP .
The Karabakh peace talks are mediated by the so-called OSCE Minsk Group , which is co-chaired by France , Russia and the United States .
Looking for the perfect gift this holiday season but hate the crowds at the mall ? Look no further than Vancouver Whitecaps FC 's online store ! This year , stay in your pajamas and find the perfect present for the special ‘ Caps fan in your life or buy the gift you always wanted for yourself !
Whitecaps FC 's Cyber Sale starts early on Friday at 6 a.m. PT and will run all weekend until Monday at 11:59 p.m. PT . All merchandise , including jerseys , T-shirts and accessories will be 30 per cent off excluding any specialty items and ticketing products .
Find the perfect Whitecaps FC gift to make this ‘ Capsmas unforgettable . Check out the official online store at www.whitecapsfcshop.com .
Whitecaps FC will also once again be holding a 'Caps Clearance Sale at BC Place in December . More information will be released soon .
Happy shopping !
HEADWEAR MEN WOMEN
An updated version of this article based on more recent data is available here .
The growing complexity of international book publishing is reflected in this year 's ranking of the world 's largest publishers . While Pearson once again maintained its top spot as the world 's biggest publisher , currency fluctuations , consolidations , the digital transition , and the emergence of China all played a part in altering the makeup of the companies that hit the Livres Hebdo/Publishers Weekly annual global ranking .
( Scroll down to see the full list )
Two Chinese publishers made the top 10 list for 2014 ; it 's possible they would have hit the list earlier if information had been available . Phoenix Publishing and Media Company is the sixth largest publisher on the ranking this year , with sales of $ 2.84 billion , an increase of 16 % over 2013 , while China South Publishing & Media Group is in the seventh spot with revenue of $ 2.58 billion , an increase of 31 % . In all , four Chinese publishers qualified for the ranking in 2014 , by virtue of meeting the requirement of having $ 200 million in sales as well being willing and able to document their figures .
The greater financial transparency by China 's publishing giants is in keeping with their goal of becoming a much more important factor in the international publishing scene . As part of that objective , China mounted a massive presence at this year 's BookExpo America , which included a 25,000-sq.-ft. exhibit space and had more than 500 publishing executives and authors in attendance . In addition to the massive exhibit , China 's publishing executives took part in a number of panels ; one of those executives was Phoenix president Xiaoping Wu . In his remarks , he noted that Phoenix 's $ 80 million purchase in summer 2014 of the children 's publishing unit of Publications International Ltd. ( PIL ) , based in Lincolnwood , Ill. , was just one step in setting up children 's publishing operations around the world .
Previous international efforts by Phoenix included an agreement with Hachette Livre in 2009 and the opening of a U.K. office in 2012 . The company recently opened an investment holding company in New York .
While Phoenix Publishing and China South shook up the top 10 ranking for 2014 , the top four publishers are all familiar names ( although Reed Elsevier has rebranded itself as Relx Group ) and specialize in the education and professional markets . The ability of professional and educational publishers to remain so large is due to a combination of acquisitions and their expansion of the digital delivery of information , the revenue of which is included in compiling the ranking . Revenue from the top 10 publishers combined accounted for 54 % of all revenue generated by the 57 companies on the list , up from 53 % in 2013 .
Penguin Random House remained the world 's largest trade publisher last year . Sales rose 25 % over 2013 , to more than $ 4 billion , due primarily to the Penguin merger ( completed July 1 , 2013 ) and the purchase of Santillana Ediciones Generales ( completed July 1 , 2014 ) . ( The 2013 results do not include sales for Penguin for the first six months of that year . )
Acquisitions will certainly have impact on the ranking next year . HarperCollins 's Aug. 1 , 2014 , purchase of Harlequin is not included in the most recent ranking , since HC 's revenue is from the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2014 . Harlequin , which was # 42 in 2013 , is excluded in the most recent ranking since it became part of HC last year . Harlequin will add as much as $ 400 million to HC 's $ 1.43 billion in revenue in fiscal 2014 . Scholastic 's sale of its educational publishing technology group to Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in April will bring those two U.S.-based companies closer together in terms of revenue . The technology group had sales of $ 249 million in Scholastic 's fiscal year ended May 31 , 2014 , when the company had total revenue of $ 1.82 billion ; HMH 's sales in 2014 were just about flat with 2013 , at $ 1.37 billion .
The biggest deal affecting players in the ranking , however , was the merger of Macmillan Science and Education with Springer Science and Business Media . This merger , which was completed in May 2015 , created a new company , called Springer Nature , which is 53 % controlled by Holtzbrinck ( parent company of the former Macmillan Science and Education ) . Macmillan 's trade and U.S. college publishing divisions were not included in the merger . Another deal combining companies in the ranking involved two of Brazil 's largest publishers and was announced this June when Abril Educacao agreed to buy Editora Saraiva , the publishing divisions of Saraiva Group . The deal involves all of Saraiva 's school business , as well as all its publishing imprints , including the Benvirá trade unit . Saraiva 's retail business , however , is not being sold .
One final factor that effected the ranking in 2014 was the most volatile currency market in recent years . To maintain consistency , all currency conversions were based at exchange rates at the end of each year . If conversions had been done based on rates earlier in 2014 , some companies would have been ranked one position higher , including Relx , Hachette Livre , and Simon & Schuster .
* 2013 Revenue figure is for Random House , before its merger with Penguin
From early years right through to university boys are underachieving in education compared to girls . While they started trailing girls as early as the 1980s , the scale of the problem and its implications have been getting progressively worse . There used to be sources of skilled and unskilled employment for less educated men to turn to , but these are less likely to be available . Even when it comes to apprenticeships , young women are outstripping men .
Education is almost the only route to all socially valued resources – employment , health , housing and a family life , so the implications of educational disadvantage are extremely serious for young men . Unfortunately , we live in a society where men are regarded second class citizens so their well-being is in itself never going to be regarded as a serious cause for concern .
However , the docile masses do nonetheless profess to be interested in ‘ social ' inequality . If we want to address this , male disadvantage has to take centre stage .
The high demand for soft , people-oriented skills , such as caring and the service industry , plus flexible employment , combined with our various safety nets means that women have many routes to financial independence . Given the choice of pairing up with an under-employed male , mothers prefer to go it alone . Disadvantaged males may be less likely to marry , but they may be more likely to have children , children who they do n't support .
Single parenthood is the main source of poverty in contemporary society and it is directly related to our complete lack of interest in the well-being of men .
While it is common knowledge that single parenthood breeds educational disadvantage – what is less recognised is that it has a far more adverse impact on young men .
Academics are trying to unpick the channels through which this occurs . There is evidence to suggest that relations between single mothers and their daughters are slightly warmer than their relatationships with their sons . However , the seriousness of this initial small inequality is greatly magnified because , it seems , boys are far more responsive to both positive and negative inputs than girls .
So much for the easily ‘ triggered ' female who needs to be wrapped in feminist cotton wool for protection . It is the male of the species who is more affected by the way that parents and teachers treat them . My hunch that males are more sensitive seems to be correct .
As a result , the non-cognitive deficits of poor parenting – externalising behaviour , acting out , lack of impulse control , are far greater among boys and this has been shown to have a negative educational impact later on .
However , the part of the story which still requires development is the direct hit that boys take because of the absence of the same sex parent .
While girls from single parent households know they will grow into creatures who can run a household , nurture a family , and actually give birth , boys have no such reassurance . This is where the provider role comes into its own . For highly educated men , work is a source of status and self-fulfilment . They also play a major role providing for their families but this usually remains utterly unacknowledged both within their families and in society at large . It also takes back stage as a source of meaning to their work .
For less educated men , whose employment is unlikely to provide intrinsic satisfaction , it is being able to provide and care for one 's family which gives the incentive and motivation to work .
Prior to the onset of feminism , just as females had some primary responsibility for care towards their offspring – so providing for their young was an essential step for the social integration of young men .
Evidence suggests that the provider role , far from discouraging family involvement is the catalyst for nurturing behaviour by men . Those who are denied this responsibility for family life are far more likely to ‘ check out ' .
These are the males who feel ‘ disposable ' . Who see no reason to go to the doctor , address their source of depression . Nor do they see why they should n't pursue a life of crime .
The other major symptom of the disposable male is underachievement in school . Research I conducted with Geoff Dench suggests those boys who believe that men have a central role as providers in families are more likely to show an interest in school .
If we want to tackle poverty and single parenthood we need to address boys ' non-cognitive deficits , their educational underachievement , as well as give specific attention to the employment opportunities of males . However , all this will only be effective if we acknowledge , recognise and reinvigorate the crucial provider role of men .
Belinda Brown will be speaking at the Male Psychology Conference , UCL , 24-25 June .
If you appreciated this article , perhaps you might consider making a donation to The Conservative Woman . Our contributors and editors are unpaid but there are inevitable costs associated with running a website . We receive no independent funding and depend on our readers to help us , either with regular or one-off payments . You can donate here . Thank you .
The Binghamton Senators and the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins open up in Round I of the 2013-'14 AHL Calder Cup playoffs as we draw up a comparison focusing on both teams in this short five game series . Number one offense vs. number one defense go head to head as these two clubs are getting ready to roll up and down I81 . Senators have home ice advantage as the reward for winning the East Division as they finished with a respectable 24-8-2-4 record at the Arena while the Penguins were 21-14-1-2 at Mohegan Sun Arena . Let 's take a peek at the numbers for these two hated rivals during the regular season and see who comes out on top .
SEASON SERIES
Binghamton got the best of W-B/Scranton in winning five out of eight overall and were perfect at home 4-0-0-0 , while away they were 1-3-0-0 as the lone win was in overtime . Total offense had the Sens in front 27-21 .
MATCH-UPS
Offense
The potent Senators offensive attack is led by rookie Matt Puempel and his 30 goals as the club had 12 players in double digits scoring in the regular season compared to Wilkes-Barre having just six led by Captain Tom Kostopoulos ‘ 22 . Binghamton was # 1 in the AHL with 276 goals averaging 3.63 per game while the Penguins were 19th with 206 averaging 2.71 . In goal 's against , Senators ranked 23rd giving up 232 for a 3.05 average as the Pens were # 1 holding their opponent 's to 185 tallies averaging a league best 2.43 per game . Forget what 's on paper , the reality is Binghamton has scored at least four times in five victories against the Pens in eight meetings this season .
Huge upside for the Senators which is too much for the Penguins .
Advantage : Binghamton
Defense
With the addition of Cody Ceci to an already good core should further bolster the blue line featuring Alex Grant , Fredrik Claesson , Captain Mark Borowiecki , Patrick Mullen and Mike Sdao . Chris Wideman is currently sidelined with his knee , so we 'll see how the rest of the week goes for his recovery as he 's scheduled for practice sometime this week . W/B-Scranton counters with Simon Despres , Barry Goers , Nick D'Agostino , Brian Dumoulin , Brendan Mikkelson and Scott Harrington . A big piece of the puzzle that is missing is Philip Samuelsson , who is out injured and will miss the series . In addition Reid McNeill had been out , but practiced this week and might be available .
If Samuelsson was healthy , I might reconsider , but got ta go with the Senators .
Advantage : Binghamton
Goaltending
Andrew Hammond is in a position to carry the club on his shoulder 's and needs to be focused and sharp . Scott Greenham will back up Hammond with late addition Chris Driedger being the third man . Veteran Peter Mannino , who started in last Friday night 's loss against the Sens , was riding a personal streak of 13 consecutive starts allowing two goals or fewer before that collapse . Eric Hartzell and injured Jeff Deslauriers are the other Penguin goaltenders but new rookie Matt Murray might back up Mannino in Friday 's game .
Mannino is not about to have a repeat performance like his last start .
Advantage : Wilkes-Barre/Scranton
Special Teams
During the regular season Penguins were 28th on the power play at 13.7 % while the Senators ranked fifth with a 20.7 % . On the penalty kill Binghamton had a 80.6 % placing them in 23rd as W/B-Scranton finished 13th averaging 83.1 % . Senators led the league in short-handed tallies with 16 but the Penguins were right behind them with 14 .
Pretty much a toss-up .
Advantage : Even
NOTES
Pens come in losers of three straight while the streaky Sens , winners of their last two , are primed for another winning streak as this could n't have panned out any better . You want to enter the playoffs on a high note with momentum on your side which carries confidence and not use losing as an excuse in trying to break that streak .
Borowiecki practiced this week and should be ready to compete as Binghamton has a solid blue line of players already but needs his toughness in protecting the forwards . He 'll most likely will be paired up with Mullen .
Pens have some dirty players and I 'm sure they will be gunning for some Sens forwards as Harry Zolnierczyk and Nick Drazenovic as well as Bobby Farnham will be doing their best in fulfilling that role just like when Zolnierczyk laid his knee on Wideman 's in last Friday 's game that took him out early .
and as well as will be doing their best in fulfilling that role just like when Zolnierczyk laid his knee on Wideman 's in last Friday 's game that took him out early . History relevancy comes to play as this the third post season series between the two clubs with the first having Wilkes-Barre/Scranton coming back against a Jason Spezza led club in the lock-out season of 2004-'05 , from being down 0-2 to winning four straight and advancing into the second round , which still hurts today if you ask some of the B-Sens ' faithful including myself for many , many reasons . Last year they swept the Senators in three games also in the first round . This year , Ottawa missed the playoffs and we have players back where as last season , they were up aiding Ottawa in beating Montreal in the first round .
SUMMARY
Penguins know if you make a mistake the Senators will blitz you hard and make you pay scoring at will as they wait for you to blink first before reacting in some cases . Binghamton can score in bunches and the home ice fans help swing any momentum up for grabs as the team runs with it in unison . They are not known for their comebacks so an early jump bodes well for the Senators as they look to even the score from the previous season . W/B-Scranton on the other hand , are a relentless group as this is the last team I wanted to face in the first round . However , Binghamton is ready to break out and put a string of W 's together . There 's just far too much talent for them to break down and fail in order for then to advance . Let 's hope so anyways .
Prediction : Binghamton in Four .
Credits :
Cover graphic courtesy of Matt Trayling . Insert pic courtesy of Alicia Strauch .
Sign up sheet will go out at midnight on the first morning This particular sale will be difficult to line up as there will be 3 different entries to each building/trailer . So please be patient and decide where you would like to enter first . This will only apply to the first morning opening . No sign ups on Wed. You must be present to sign up . Each person signed up on a separate line . Once you sign in it is not necessary to stay , be sure to return before 9AM . We do not accept credit cards . Cash preferred . We are not able to load large items after you purchase them . Please be prepared to load those items or make arrangements for pickup any time during the sale SALE WILL BE HELD IN POLE BARN AND GARAGE .
Original post ( 4//7 ) : Earlier this week , Google released its Android 7.1.2 Nougat update for its Nexus and Pixel devices , including the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones . Now , Verizon Wireless is rolling out its own Android 7.1.2 update for the Pixel phones , and it even has its own build number .
Verizon 's support pages for the Pixel and Pixel XL show that the build number for the new update is NHG47K . Earlier this week , Google posted that the Android 7.1.2 build numbers for those phones were N2G47E and N2G47J ( the latter for the Deutsche Telekom versions of the phones ) . It would appear that Verizon is rolling out a slightly modified version of the Android 7.1.2 update to the Pixel and Pixel XL for its customers .
Keep in mind that Verizon is the exclusive carrier for the Pixel phones in the US , so it 's possible this update includes some features that are not available with the unlocked versions of its phones .
The support pages for Verizon 's Pixel and Pixel XL both show the same changelog . It reveals the update includes a new feature for people to back up and restore first-party Google apps such as Calendar , Drive and Messenger . The update also includes some improvements in voice call performance , the latest Android security patches , and improvements for Bluetooth and Wi-Fi performance and connectivity .
The changelog also shows that the update fixes two bugs . One fixed an issue where some HD Voice and Wi-Fi Calling options were missing after the phone 's software was updated . The other bug fix was for some rare cases when the phone was not able to receive text messages .
If you bought your Pixel or Pixel XL phones from Verizon , what are your impressions of this new over-the-air update ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments !
November 6th 2011
Reach
Alternate image is cropped to 1920x1080 wallpaper dimensions .
To distract himself from the woes of managing a failing alchemy shop in a deteriorating building whose rent he can not pay , our hero the gnome decides to take his equally dismal boat out for an afternoon of fishing .
He drifts carefully into his favourite corner of the lake and sets out his line . Some time passes with blissful silence and calm before the slightest of whispering catches his ear . He glances to his left . To his surprise , he sees nestled gracefully upon a floating leaf a delicate water-sprite , lounging drowsily whilst maintaining a one-sided conversation with a particularly indignant toad .
Enchanted , he clumsily drops his fishing pole and stumbles forwards , reaching towards the creature . Just a little further , whispers a voice from the deepest caverns of his mind . Just one little touch .
TWO housewives hurling insults at each other across their back fence prompted one of the great puns from Anglican wit Sydney Smith . '' Those two will never agree , '' he said . '' They are arguing from different premises . ''
The same obstacle of logic means that the world 's most famous atheist and Australia 's most famous clergyman are unlikely to agree on much when they lock horns tonight on ABC TV 's Q & A - but the exchanges might be entertaining .
Ardent atheist Richard Dawkins .
Ardent atheist Richard Dawkins , in Australia for this week 's Global Atheist Convention in Melbourne , takes on the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney , Cardinal George Pell , separated by journalist Tony Jones , who is himself capable of an acerbic rejoinder .
'' This is a remarkable match-up - a title fight of belief , '' Jones said before the debate , featuring just the two guests .
Catholic Archbishop of Sydney , Cardinal George Pell .
The tone adopted by some atheists came under fire yesterday , when the Bible Society Australia chief Greg Clarke urged educators to stand against directions from Dr Dawkins to ridicule those with whom they disagree .
Slowing traffic down on Ocean Boulevard could have a great side benefit — more parking .
City officials and community groups are mulling two separate “ road diet ” projects , one in Belmont Shore from the Belmont Pier to Alamitos Bay , and other on the Peninsula from 54th Place to 72nd Street .
Traffic may be reduced to one lane in each direction of the coastline stretches , in favor of bike lanes and more parking .
“ When we talk about it , the most common concern is that we 're going to cause traffic congestion , ” city traffic engineer Eric Widstrand said . “ That 's what we want to do . It slows the traffic down . ”
Ocean Boulevard is currently four lanes , and is a popular route used to skirt the traffic-clogged Second Street in Belmont Shore , particularly traveling east . That 's despite summer closure of Bayshore and restricting left turns through the neighborhood .
The boulevard 's traffic signals tend to cause faster speeds , as well , according to traffic engineer Paul Van Dyk . That proves problematic to pedestrians crossing Ocean Boulevard from the residential area to the beach .
“ The traffic is n't going to go away , ” said 3rd District Councilwoman Suzie Price , who asked for a traffic study of the area shortly after being elected in 2014 . “ We just want to slow it down . What we need is a road diet . ”
City officials revealed what that means at a recent community meeting in Belmont Shore : Reducing eastbound Ocean Boulevard to one lane by restriping and adding dedicated left turn lanes onto one-way streets . The bonus — 50 to 150 new diagonal parking spaces on the east side of Ocean .
About 50 parking spaces could be created between 39th Place and Bennett Avenue , Price said . Those spaces could serve the commercial area there , as well as nearby apartment buildings .
Another 100 spaces are also being considered from just west of Granada Avenue to 54th Place , with appropriate gaps for parking lot entrances . Both have parallel parking now , but diagonal parking would allow more spaces .
The councilwoman said given that the changes would increase parking by 68 percent , residents in Belmont Shore favored the changes .
There was some concern about cars backing out of parking spaces into traffic in the Belmont Shore area , but Van Dyk said there would be a 6-foot bicycle lane and a 5-foot buffer between parked cars and the traffic lane . Price said they still needed to get a price estimate , but since the only material cost is street paint , it should n't be too expensive .
For the Peninsula work , Price said the Alamitos Beach Preservation Group , the residents ' association on the Peninsula , is almost evenly split over proposed changes .
No decisions have yet been made on either project . City staff are still working with Price and the community to get feedback on the proposals .
If approved , work would likely not begin until the next fiscal year , city officials said .
Harry Saltzgaver is executive editor of Gazette Newspapers . He can be reached at hsalt @ gazettes.com .
Rand Paul and John McCain are at odds over whether the Senate needs to declare war on ISIS . Paul insists that the Senate has no choice , as under the War Powers Clause of the US Constitution only Congress is empowered to take the country to war . McCain is derisive of Paul and his proposed war resolution , and has the support of his Senate colleagues , who have shown no interest in voting on the war . For some , this dispute may seem to be a technical matter -- after all we have fought wars for decades without actually following the Constitutional rules . For others , Rand Paul among them , fealty to the Constitution demands that any decision to go to war be put to a vote . This may seem to many observers to be an intra-party skirmish that is of little import , but it is actually a rare opportunity for the country to consider whether and why we should go to war .
We are not good at having national debates about important issues . When issues of importance come up , we run to our corners -- Red vs. Blue . Fox vs. MSNBC -- it is rare that we have substantive , thoughtful exchanges of ideas and views . On matters of war and peace , there are particular ironies . Despite having led the nation into two long wars that are now widely viewed as mistakes , the public continues to trust Republicans more than Democrats on matters of war and national security . Since the Vietnam War , Democrats have been viewed as the anti-war party , and for decades now they have struggled to change this image to little avail . The difference between the parties was most clearly on display in the vote to go to war in Iraq . Republicans wanted to vote yes , Democrats were afraid of voting no . Given this reality , the fight between Rand Paul and John McCain is the best chance we are likely to have for a real and substantive debate over US war policy .
Rand Paul and John McCain start from very different positions . John McCain 's moral authority as a hawk on matters of national security is rooted in his time as a prisoner of war in Vietnam . He is a decorated veteran at a time when the percentage of Congress that has served in the military has declined to 20 percent from around 75 percent several decades ago . Rand Paul 's credibility is largely rooted in his commitment to constitutional principles and his libertarian skepticism of governmental that is deeply rooted in the American ethos .
If Vietnam is the source of McCain 's moral high ground , it is also the source of his vulnerability in this debate . McCain has been an unmatched advocate of military intervention in recent years . At the same time , he fails to see that the Vietnam experience that took years of his life remains pivotal to American skepticism when our leaders sound the trumpets for a new war . The Gulf of Tonkin resolution that launched that decade-long war turned out to be predicated on a lie , and the communist regime that we feared is now our trading partner and ally . The Vietnam experience was followed by other wars and missteps that further demonstrated the unpredictable consequences of our war policies . In the 1980s , we partnered with Saudi Arabia to build an Islamist force to defeat the Soviet Union in Afghanistan , only to watch those Islamists morph into the Taliban , Al Qaeda and ultimately ISIS . In the 2000s , we went to war in Iraq on false pretenses to -- in the minds of the Neocons -- lay the foundation for a democratic transformation of the Arab world , only to wake up to the realization that we had delivered Iraq into Iran 's sphere of influence .
We have learned through painful experience that power on the battlefield is not enough to win a war . During the Vietnam War , Charles Colson , a senior aid to President Richard Nixon , had a plaque on his wall that said `` When you 've got 'em by the balls , their hearts and minds will follow . '' That slogan summed up what was mistaken about our war policies . It turns out that it simply is not true . Hearts and minds do not follow , they generally go in the opposite direction . And people have long memories .
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has proven to be a skillful manipulator of the American psyche . He has used public beheadings and threats to whip up our emotions to draw us into a ground war , and for good reason . Fighting America mano-a-mano would elevate ISIS 's prestige as the front line of Islam 's battle against the west . It would be a powerful recruiting tool and build support within Muslim community across the world that harbor resentments against America and the west . And Baghdadi 's efforts have been successful . While a few months ago , the consensus across the political spectrum was that we would never send ground troops to this new war , now Speaker of the House John Boehner has suggested that it as inevitable , that we have `` no choice . ''
Rand Paul and John McCain should debate why , given our history in recent wars and our history in the region , going to war with ISIS is the best approach for achieving our goals .
ISIS has many enemies in the region , and most of them have armies with far greater capability than ISIS . According to Wikipedia , Turkey , Iran and Saudi Arabia have between them over 1.25 million active duty military personnel , or just 150,000 fewer than the active personnel of the United States armed forces . Add to that the quarter million Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga force and the quarter million Syrian army and one can safely assert that the frontline states that are most immediately threatened by ISIS have the military capacity to deal with the threat that ISIS poses to the region .
But each of these countries has other agendas , and as long as we are prepared to fight ISIS in their stead , they will not come together to address the threat that they each face . And certainly , each of them understands the threat that an American presence on the ground would create a galvanizing force for ISIS . This is a fight for the hearts and minds of Sunni Islam , in the region and worldwide . It is a fight that Muslims must lead , that Muslims must win .
If we expand our fight with ISIS , the outcome will not be what we expect . Despite all of our experience over the years , we still seem to ignore the fact that our presence on the ground changes things . Baghdadi understands this well . Every fighter killed by an American will win him three new recruits . Every photograph of a maimed Muslim mother holding a dead Muslim baby will amplify resentments toward America and increase the sympathy for and support of ISIS in Muslim communities across the world . How can he lose that fight ?
Yes , demographics talk will dominate the political discourse – and it should worry us . Immigration , as an issue , and Republican ineptitude to convey a sensible policy to ameliorate our perceived anti-immigrant leanings , ruined the Californian Republican Party forever . Furthermore , New York and Pennsylvania are , to coin a term from Senator-elect Ted Cruz , “ unalterably ” Democratic . Based on the last presidential election , we 're already down 104 electoral votes coming out of the gate – and with Texas ' demographic realignment , we could see the Lone Star state revert back to it 's Democratic leanings . Thus , the largest bloc of guaranteed electoral votes for Republicans would either swing to the liberals , or be up for grabs . That would be 142 electoral votes Democrats would lock up just because their people showed up to vote . Not only is that unacceptable , but it 'll spell the end of the Republican Party winning presidential contests .
Ted Cruz , who was featured in Ryan Lizza 's Nov. 19 piece in The New Yorker , has a grim warning .
( Article Continues Below Advertisement )
If Republicans do not do better in the Hispanic community , ” he said , “ in a few short years Republicans will no longer be the majority party in our state. ” He ticked off some statistics : in 2004 , George W. Bush won forty-four per cent of the Hispanic vote nationally ; in 2008 , John McCain won just thirty-one per cent . On Tuesday , Romney fared even worse . “ In not too many years , Texas could switch from being all Republican to all Democrat , ” he said . “ If that happens , no Republican will ever again win the White House…if Texas turns bright blue , the Electoral College math is simple . We wo n't be talking about Ohio , we wo n't be talking about Florida or Virginia , because it wo n't matter . If Texas is bright blue , you ca n't get to two-seventy electoral votes . The Republican Party would cease to exist . We would become like the Whig Party . Our kids and grandkids would study how this used to be a national political party . ‘ They had Conventions , they nominated Presidential candidates . They do n't exist anymore . ' ”
As Republicans plan to have a long discussion on how to court Latinos more effectively :
…Ted Cruz argues that Hispanics can be won over by appeals to traditional values of hard work . “ I 've never in my life seen a Hispanic panhandler , ” he said , as we rode out of San Antonio . “ In the Hispanic community , it would be considered shameful to be out on the street begging. ” He added , “ They have conservative values . Hispanics do n't want to be on the dole . They 're not here to be dependent on government. ” He rejected the idea that Republicans needed to go back to the Bush-era policies on immigration . “ I think those that say that , for Republicans to connect with the Hispanic community , they need to adopt amnesty and not secure the borders , I think that 's foolishness. ” ( Article Continues Below Advertisement ) Many Republicans in Texas suggested that the fact that Cruz is Hispanic is enough for him to win votes in that community . To prove the point , some mentioned Quico Canseco , a Republican who won a Texas House seat in 2010 in a Democratic district by running as a Tea Party conservative , and whose reëlection bid this year was closely contested . His district is sixty-six per cent Hispanic and spreads some six hundred miles , from San Antonio to the western edge of Texas . It includes most of the state 's border with Mexico . Like Cruz , Canseco , both in 2010 and in 2012 , ran as an opponent of the kind of immigration reforms championed by George W. Bush . A few days before the election , when I interviewed Canseco , who is the son of Mexican immigrants and was born in Laredo , a border town that is ninety-six per cent Hispanic , he gave no hint of moderation on any of the immigration issues that have become so important to conservative Republicans in the past few years .
However , that 's just one congressional district . Like women , Hispanics are n't a monolithic voting bloc . Cubans tend to vote Republican , although Mitt Romney lost this demographic by two points this year in Florida . That should alarm all of us . What inroads we have left with this demographic are crumbling rapidly . Puerto Ricans lean Democratic – and Tejanos lean Republican due to their history in the state 's roots , according to Lizza . It may be a multi-tiered outreach project . If so , that 's great . So , let 's dial down the secession petitions – and work on our comeback .
Artist Liam Sharp will write and illustrate “ The Brave and the Bold : Batman and Wonder Woman ” for DC Comics . ( DC Entertainment )
“ The Brave and the Bold ” is returning to DC Comics in a new miniseries that will feature Batman and Wonder Woman .
The classic DC team-up title — which debuted in the 1950s , was most recently published by DC in 2009 and appeared as an animated show in 2008 — will be written and illustrated by Liam Sharp . The first issue of the six-parter , titled “ Brave and the Bold : Batman and Wonder Woman , ” will be released on Feb. 21 .
Sharp was just coming off a run illustrating the new “ Wonder Woman ” series , which was written by Greg Rucka during DC 's “ rebirth ” relaunch , and he was looking for a way to continue working with the character . Rucka decided to stop writing “ Wonder Woman ” after 25 issues , but Sharp was so fond of what they had accomplished — with a new twist on Wonder Woman 's origin — that he decided it would n't feel right continuing to work with another writer on the series .
So when Sharp was asked what he 'd like to work on next for DC , he mentioned a Wonder Woman idea he 'd had for quite some time : Mixing her Amazonian mythology with the legends of Irish and Celtic gods . The story would involve the death of an Irish god , and Wonder Woman would bring in Batman , the world 's greatest detective , to help investigate .
“ The fact that they 've pegged it to ‘ The Brave and the Bold ' makes so much sense . It 's thrilling , ” Sharp told The Post 's Comic Riffs . “ It kind of gave it even more gravitas and gave it a real reason for being . It just seemed like perfect timing . There 's an element of classicness to the whole concept as well . It just gives it more weight . ”
Sharp , who is British , has always been fond of Irish mythology . He visits Ireland every summer with his Irish wife , and is dedicating this new series to his late father-in-law , who died over the summer , and was a fun and willing participant in any conversation dealing with Irish gods . Sharp hopes this series might open a few eyes to Irish mythology , but more than anything , he just hopes his fans enjoy his latest project .
“ It 's an adventure . It 's a mystery , ” Sharp said . “ It 's all the things that I hoped people would come to expect from a Wonder Woman and a Batman story . ”
[ Grant Morrison 's new Wonder Woman : ‘ You do n't give up sex just because you gave up men . ' ]
Sharp said this new story will be a continuation of his “ Wonder Woman ” series with Rucka , taking place not long after their final issue . He said Wonder Woman and her classic supporting character Steve Trevor are still a couple , but that he was tempted to add a little of the romantic spark that has existed between Batman and Wonder Woman over the years in various adaptations .
Cover art for “ The Brave and the Bold : Batman and Wonder Woman , ” illustrated by Liam Sharp . ( DC Entertainment )
“ There 's a moment [ between Batman and Wonder Woman ] in it . It 's more of a nod than anything else , ” Sharp said . “ I fell very much in love with the Steve and Diana story during the series with Greg . We felt like we gave him a certain richness to his personality that perhaps he 'd lacked somewhat previously . There was a sense that the fanbase said this is right and this is how it should be . So I do n't want to spoil that . That 's the [ Wonder Woman ] that we created and that 's the dynamic that we created , but at the same time there is a [ romantic ] nod [ to Batman ] . ”
As attached as he has become to illustrating Wonder Woman , Sharp says he 's just as excited to draw Batman . His take on Batman is inspired by versions from artists Jim Lee , Neal Adams and Brian Bolland .
“ Everyone wants to draw the Dark Knight , ” Sharp said . “ I 've just been giggling to myself , to be honest . I was drawing the Batmobile and my kids asked me how I was doing and I said , ‘ I 'm drawing the Batmobile ! ' ”
Read more :
DC Comics ' ‘ Dark Nights : Metal ' kicks off with an unexpected Vertigo Comics surprise
‘ Justice League ' is n't exactly ‘ Wonder Woman . ' But it does n't have to be .
After implementing World population balancing incentives , we have confirmed a shift in the number of active players in each World.Due to the creation of new characters by new players and use of the World transfer service , the status of preferred and congested Worlds has changed.We thank you for your consideration and understanding as we continue our World population balancing incentives.Based upon the current population , we are changing the status of each of the following Worlds as of today.■Japanese Data Centres▼Changed to a congested WorldGungnir▼Changed to Standard WorldHades▼Changed to Preferred WorldAegisAsura■North American Data Centres▼Changed to Preferred WorldJenovaBrynhildrFamfritMalboro■European Data Centre▼Changed to Standard WorldOmegaLichZodiarkFor the current status of character creation restrictions and congested/preferred Worlds , please check the link below.Due to the change in status , you will not be able to obtain a bonus from Worlds no longer designated as preferred/new Worlds . However , for players who have already reached level 30 on a newly created character on a preferred/new World and received 15 days of free play time , that free period of play will not be removed.We will continue to observe the number of players logged in and change the status of Worlds periodically in order to balance the population among Worlds . Please check the following link for more information regarding our population balancing incentives .
Political junkies will rejoice Feb. 27 as Netflix releases the third season of “ House of Cards ” for binge-watching . Too bad the drama of intrigue , crime and corruption misses the truth about Washington , DC .
Do n't get me wrong : “ House of Cards ” is a great show — incredibly written , impeccably acted and giving the viewer a gritty , if somewhat exaggerated , sense of the action inside the Beltway .
And people are right to be angry at today 's corrupt politics . With so many problems today , why ca n't the two sides get together to fix at least one of them ?
But the real-life villain is n't anything like the show 's anti-hero , Frank Underwood , played by Kevin Spacey , who combines the craftiness of a Machiavelli with the all-consuming ambition of a Caesar .
Sorry : Washington is n't such a mess because bad people have ruined it . It 's well-meaning , not-so-bad guys at fault .
The truth is that the people in Washington are not actually all that bad . They 're just people , like anybody else — some good , some bad , most somewhere in between .
As I argue in my new book , “ A Republic No More : Big Government and the Rise of American Political Corruption , ” the real roots of corruption have to do with the rules of the political game .
The Framers of the Constitution bequeathed us an ingenious system of checks and balances to control misbehavior , but it was only meant to handle limited federal powers . By growing government so far beyond that original vision , we 've overrun their checks and balances .
In other words , the rules are broken , and we 're to blame .
Accordingly , even good people can end up doing corrupt things — just by doing what they 're “ supposed ” to .
Politics today is premised on an enormous conflict of interest . Members of Congress systematically exchange favorable public policy for donations , help in writing legislation , favors , cushy jobs after they leave office and more . And hardly anybody looks askance — it 's just how things work .
This is how we get corruption , though ( almost ? ) none of our politicians are as avaricious or crafty as Frank Underwood .
Consider the average member of Congress — entirely unspectacular , fairly inoffensive , really just a time-server . He has oversight over some narrow policy domain , and so is lavished with campaign cash from interest groups and lobbied extensively .
His cousin gets offered a consulting gig , the charity his mom runs gets a big donation from some firm and when he leaves office he can cash in with a seven-figure job as a lobbyist .
What does he do in return ? Simple : He tilts public policy in the direction of those who 've helped him out along the way .
Not dramatically — just here or there , at the margins , as he is able .
There 's nothing exceptional about any of this — and that is exactly the problem . This is corruption that has been built into the system of government itself .
Talk to the average DC politico about all this , and all you 'll get back is a blank stare and bemused response : Why are you so upset ? This is just the way things are done .
These small , seemingly innocuous transactions between lobbyists , interest groups , bureaucrats and politicians are repeated again and again , every day and on the smallest of issues . They add up to an intricate tangle of corrupt public policies .
Just about every politician is ensnared some way or another , so that each transaction reinforces all the others .
And it 's not a house of cards that could crumble at any moment . It 's a house of steel and concrete — heavily fortified and near-impossible to tear down .
And all this happens without a malevolent genius like Frank Underwood secretly pulling the strings . Terrible as Frank is , we 'd be better off if guys like him were our only problem .
Then , it would only be a matter of law enforcement proving he 's a crook and throwing him in the clink .
It 's far harder when the laws themselves breed corruption .
So if you binge on “ House of Cards ” next weekend , remember : Politics in Washington is n't as bad as it seems on the show ; it 's much worse .
Jay Cost is a staff writer for The Weekly Standard . His new book is “ A Republic No More : Big Government and the Rise of American Political Corruption . ”
Look who 's upset about an unsubstantiated allegation …
FBI Director James Comey unsuccessfully lobbied the Justice Department to publicly reject President Trump 's unsubstantiated allegation that President Obama ordered a wiretap on him , according to the New York Times and NBC News . Citing anonymous senior American officials , the Times reports that Comey starting pushing for the rebuttal on Saturday following Trump 's early morning Twitter rant , in which the president said that he had “ just found out ” that Obama had ordered a wiretap on him during the 2016 presidential campaign , but without citing any evidence for the claim ( which Obama 's spokesperson has categorically denied ) . Comey apparently argued that Trump 's false allegation , which could not be supported by evidence , implied that the FBI had broken the law and had to be corrected . Comey 's campaign seems to have failed , however , since the Justice Department has remained silent about Trump 's wiretap allegations — though as the Times points out , it 's not clear who at Justice would approve or issue such a statement now that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from the investigations .
No evidence has been provided by either Trump or the White House to back up the wiretap claim , which almost certainly entered Trump 's head via a conservative radio host 's conspiracy theory . Nonetheless , the White House is pushing forward with the idea , and the president has even called on Congress to investigate the matter , though the wiretap claims have done little to distract from the investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government .
Indeed , one of the concerns put forward by senior FBI officials to the Times is that Trump 's false allegation will actually make the public more suspicious of the president , in that officials are also “ said to be worried that the notion of a court-approved wiretap will raise the public 's expectations that the federal authorities have significant evidence implicating the Trump campaign in colluding with Russia 's efforts to disrupt the presidential election . ”
Obviously , the director of the FBI seeking a public rebuke of a sitting president is yet another unprecedented turn of events for the Trump era , but if there is one person who 's familiar with unprecedented breaches in protocol , it 's James Comey .
Gameplay Edit
Synopsis Edit
Setting Edit Red Dead Redemption spans New Austin and West Elizabeth , two fictitious states of the United States , as well as Nuevo Paraiso , a fictitious Mexican state . New Austin and West Elizabeth are adjacent to each other and share a southern border with Mexico . Nuevo Paraiso is a Mexican state , separated from U.S. territory by the San Luis River . The game takes place primarily in the year 1911 , featuring the final decade of the American Frontier and the cowboy and outlaw archetypes that shaped it . The landscape of the Wild West is beginning to fade and modern technologies like automobiles , machine guns , and oil drilling projects are beginning to appear . Plot Edit The game begins in 1911 , where former outlaw John Marston ( Rob Wiethoff ) is taken from his family by Bureau of Investigation agents Edgar Ross ( Jim Bentley ) and his partner , Archer Fordham ( David Wilson Barnes ) , and will only be granted amnesty when he brings the remaining members of his old gang to justice . John is escorted to the town of Armadillo , and sets off to track down Bill Williamson ( Steve J. Palmer ) . He confronts Williamson and his men at their stronghold , Fort Mercer , only to be shot and left for dead . Local rancher Bonnie MacFarlane ( Kimberly Irion ) finds him critically wounded and takes him to her ranch for recovery . Several days later , John begins repaying the MacFarlanes for their help in the form of odd jobs around the ranch . During this time he works with U.S . Marshal Leigh Johnson ( Anthony De Longis ) and his deputies Eli ( Brad Carter ) and Jonah ( Frank Noon ) , con artist Nigel West Dickens ( Don Creech ) , treasure hunter and grave robber Seth Briars ( Kevin Glikmann ) , and an unreliable alcoholic arms dealer known only as Irish ( K. Harrison Sweeney ) . John performs various tasks and favors in exchange for their help with organizing an attack on Fort Mercer . John and his group then breach the fort and defeat Williamson 's gang only to find that Williamson had fled to Mexico to seek help from Javier Escuella ( Antonio Jaramillo ) , another former member of John 's gang . In Mexico , John sides with Mexican Army Colonel Agustín Allende ( Gary Carlos Cervantes ) and his right-hand man Captain Vincente de Santa ( Hector Luis Bustamante ) , to help end a rebellion in return for Allende delivering Escuella and Williamson to him . However , Allende betrays John , who then sides with the rebels . With the initial help of elderly gunslinger Landon Ricketts ( Ross Hagen ) , John , along with rebel leader Abraham Reyes ( Josh Segarra ) and one of his lovers , Luisa ( Francesca Galeas ) , eventually turns the tide in favor of the rebels , killing de Santa and launching an assault on the El Presidio fortress . They find Escuella , who attempts to bargain for his life by revealing that Williamson has been under Allende 's protection . John is given the option to either kill Escuella or turn him over to the Bureau . John and Reyes then take the fight to Allende , where Luisa is killed while trying to protect Reyes . As Allende 's palace is stormed by the rebels , both he and Williamson flee , but are apprehended and killed . Reyes then takes charge of the local government and plans to advance on the capital , while John leaves to meet with the Bureau in Blackwater . Agents Ross and Fordham refuse to let John return to his family until he assists the Bureau in hunting down the only remaining member of his previous gang who is still active as an outlaw : its leader and John 's surrogate father , Dutch van der Linde ( Benjamin Byron Davis ) . John learns that Dutch has been forming a new gang of Native Americans , and after surviving several ambushes and thwarting a bank robbery , joins Ross , Fordham , and a group of U.S. soldiers in an attack on Dutch 's hideout . During the assault , John chases Dutch up to a cliff , where the latter , mortally wounded , warns John that the Bureau wo n't let him have peace and then commits suicide by backing off the cliff . John is released from his deal with Ross and returns to his ranch where his wife Abigail ( Sophie Marzocchi ) and son Jack ( Josh Blaylock ) are waiting . John devotes his time tending to the ranch , having sworn to keep himself and his family away from the outlaw lifestyle forever . However , Ross double-crosses John , and leads a combined force of soldiers , lawmen , and government agents after him . John is able to fend off several waves of attackers and gets his family to safety , but stays behind to hold back the rest . Despite a valiant last stand , he dies after being shot numerous times by Ross and his men , and is buried by his family on the hill overlooking the ranch . Three years later in 1914 , following the death of his mother , Jack tracks down the now-retired Ross , and kills him in a duel , avenging his father and continuing the path of violence his father had tried to keep away from him . The fates of John 's companions are later summarized in newspaper articles and NPC dialog : Marshal Leigh Johnson retired from Armadillo at age 54 and moved away , Reyes was consumed by power and became a tyrant , Bonnie MacFarlane eventually married , Irish shot himself dead in an outhouse when his gun accidentally discharged , Seth Briars eventually found treasure and became rich , and Landon Ricketts died quietly in his sleep .
Development Edit
Reception Edit
Legacy Edit
References Edit
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
With another weekend in the books , it 's time to , once again , reset the “ Days Without An Arrest ” ticker .
The latest to trigger a double-zero reset is Russell Haughton-James , the West Virginia offensive lineman who WV Metro News is reporting was arrested on one count of burglary Sunday night . No specifics as to what led up to Haughton-James ' arrest have been released .
According to the North Central Regional Jail 's website , Haughton-James ' incarceration status is listed as “ pre-trial felon . ”
What if any impact this incident will have on Houghton-James ' status with the team is uncertain , although the team is aware of the arrest .
After playing in just two games as a redshirt freshman in 2012 , Haughton-James has played in 24 the past two seasons . In the 12 games he played in 2014 , he was mainly a backup tackle .
( Photo credit : North Central Regional Jail )
Indictment : While Cooperating With FBI , State Senator Tipped Off Target
State Sen. Nathaniel Oaks , indicted earlier this year for charges including wire fraud , agreed to cooperate with the FBI on a new investigation then allegedly tipped the target off to the ongoing investigation .
Federal prosecutors say a federal grand jury returned a superseding indictment also charging the 71-year-old Democrat from Baltimore with obstruction of justice . His trial is set for April 16 .
Prosecutors say Oaks agreed to cooperate with the FBI in January . He covertly recorded his telephone conversations and meetings with the target from then until March 30 . Prosecutors say Oaks knew that he could be made to testify about those interactions . They did n't go into detail on the nature of the investigation .
On March 17 , without recording or telling FBI agents about the conversation , he allegedly approached the target at an Annapolis bar and told him , `` What we talked about , just say no . '' On March 30 , he again approached him in a state government building and allegedly coached the target : `` I 'm going to ask you for something , just say no . ''
The target took those statements to mean that there was a criminal investigation underway , prosecutors say .
Under the existing charges , Oaks already could spend the rest of his life in prison if convicted . Obstruction of justice would carry an additional 20 years . An initial appearance has not yet been set .
Oaks first came to Annapolis as a state delegate from District 41 in 1994 . He was appointed to fill the same district 's state Senate vacancy in February .
It 's 2017 and it 's about time to review once more some of the newest anime that are most like one of the greatest anime of all time : Black Lagoon . Black Lagoon follows the adventures of a trio of mercenaries , who receive an unexpected fourth member . You see , Rokurou Okajima was a white collar office jockey who got sent on a certain business transaction . Well that transaction turned out to be a black market deal that he was essentially disposable on . Well the mercenary group , Black Lagoon , adopts him during this time and he leaves behind his normal life forever .
There are three main factors that set Black Lagoon apart and have made the show a classic , beloved by basically everyone . The first aspect is the strength of the characters that make up the cast , especially the devilish Revy who consistently steals the show . Having such a powerful female made a massive impact on the show and she was definitely a template for many other powerful female characters . The second is the overall mayhem that ensues within each episode . Guns , knives , and explosions are bountiful in this show . The final is its willingness to stare straight into the abyss and not mince any of its social commentary or any words when necessary by using the cast as an almost necessary evil . These are factors that you will also see represented in the original article of the 6 anime like Black Lagoon , which is below this one .
release210
DragonFly Release 2.10
26 April 2011 ( 2.10.1 )
The DragonFly 2.10 release is here !
Big-ticket items
Hardware and multiprocessor support - This release supports a much larger variety of hardware and multiprocessor systems than previous releases , thanks to updates of ACPI and APIC and ACPI interrupt routing support .
Hammer Deduplication - Hammer volumes can now deduplicate volumes overnight in a batch process and during live operation . The 'hammer dedup-simulate ' command can be used to estimate space savings for existing data .
Packet Filter ( pf ) - Pf was updated to a version based upon OpenBSD 4.4 . The previous version of pf in DragonFly was based on OpenBSD 4.2 .
Compiler updates - DragonFly now uses gcc 4.4 as the default system compiler , and is the first BSD to take that step .
New bridging functionality - The bridging system has been rewritten . Multiple interfaces on a single system can be bound together transparently under a single virtual MAC address , and bandwidth aggregated to that new interface .
MP Performance - The MPLOCK ( the primary lock , that when held ensures only a single cpu is operating within the kernel ) has been removed from every area except the VM system . DragonFly is one of the few non-academic operating systems to use a primary sychronization mechanism that is not a blocking mutex
Overall Performance - DragonFly now offers significant performance gains over previous releases , especially for machines using AHCI or implementing swapcache ( 8 ) .
ACPI Support - Major update to DragonFly 's ACPI support have been made , particularly for interrupt routing .
Availability
Three release options are now available for 32-bit as well as for 64-bit . 64-bit installations are recommended if you do not need the linux emulation layer .
An ISO , to be burned to a physical cd or used as an image to install a virtual machine .
A bootable USB disk-key image ( minimum 2G USB stick needed )
A GUI bootable USB disk-key image with a full X environment . Minimum 4G USB stick needed . Some sticks labelled as `` 4GB '' actually provide just something like 3.88e9 bytes , short of any reasonable `` 4GB '' value . The image is pretty crammed towards `` 4GB '' , you better check actual sizes before the large download .
The release ISO images should be available on most of the mirrors . If the ISO is not available on a certain mirror , please try another one or download it from the DragonFly master site . Each image is in the `` Live CD '' format , meaning that it boots into a running and fully functional DragonFly system , which can be used for testing or system recovery tasks as well as installation
The GUI bootable USB image also contains the DragonFly git repo in /usr/src and the PkgSrc git repo in /usr/pkgsrc . The code can be trivially checked out using these repos and even an old repo can be incrementally updated from master sites post-install .
MD5 sums
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.10.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = 3b296fdbdb6189c802954b1267956048
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.10.1_REL.iso.bz2 ) = 3761a7deedcf4b07168a822cb068bf27
MD5 ( dfly-i386-gui-2.10.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = ae4df7b369f1c6129638eb0daa424cab
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-2.10.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = 3cc9df8f74f8c329605ad08cd8045a80
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-2.10.1_REL.iso.bz2 ) = 980305aa5282138a3fdecbe182334e53
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-gui-2.10.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = 13243061d32cc68d95eeb8cf36aefb1d
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.10.1_REL.img ) = d9c210e32b34d5697744c3db60d8c734
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.10.1_REL.iso ) = 7ead78315076382bc3410c6af12d4bcd
MD5 ( dfly-i386-gui-2.10.1_REL.img ) = 152188ac8ba600c4428e774d6e70a787
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-2.10.1_REL.img ) = 088ee5b4119b1a7fc8986912f15d06fb
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-2.10.1_REL.iso ) = 069f8c819b4a0418c05ca1a8b375092b
MD5 ( dfly-x86_64-gui-2.10.1_REL.img ) = ab4ed9e564efe6d48122a3b1c949cfd4
pkgsrc packages
We offer roughly 10,000 pre-built pkgsrc packages for this release . The pkg_radd ( 1 ) utility may be used to download pre-built binary packages . The path can be overridden by setting BINPKG_BASE in /etc/pkg_radd.conf .
To get a list of all packages , let pkg_search ( 1 ) download the summary file for that release :
# pkg_search -d
We supply a Makefile in /usr to track the pkgsrc tree and we supply a Git mirror of the NetBSD pkgsrc CVS repo at git : //git.dragonflybsd.org/pkgsrcv2.git . We recommend that users use it , instead of pulling from NetBSD with CVS . Our Git mirror is updated several times a day .
DragonFly 2.10 Special Installation and Upgrade Notes
Using deduplication - Hammer volumes need to be upgraded to version 5 to use deduplication . The 'hammer version-upgrade < filesystem > < version > ' command will perform this in-place . To enable periodic deduplication , run 'hammer viconfig ' on each PFS and add the line 'dedup 1d 5m ' .
APIC_IO - The APIC_IO kernel option can now also be controlled via the hw.apic_io_enable /boot/loader.conf tunable . The kernel option simply specifies the default now .
VirtualBox , Virtual PC , and VMWare users - Unless your virtual hard disk is 50G or larger , we recommend doing a UFS install and not the default HAMMER install . We also recommend installing from the CD ISO and not the GUI IMG . A more serious installation should use HAMMER with at least a 50G disk image and can install from the GUI IMG .
Virtual PC users - Virtual PC does not supply serial numbers for the virtual disks . The system may need to be manually directed in the boot loader if the disk identifier changes . ( Hit ? in the boot loader for a list of available volumes . )
Interrupt Routing Issues - If you are experiencing interrupt routing issues there are several boot options you can try . You can try booting both UP and MP kernels ( both are available via the boot menu ) , you can try booting without ACPI , you can boot with ACPI but disable ACPI-based interrupt routing by setting debug.acpi.disabled= '' pcib '' , you can disable use of the IO APICs by setting hw.apic_io_enable=0 , and you can enable an emergency interrupt polling thread by setting kern.emergency_intr_enable=1 . Once you have a working system you can edit /boot/loader.conf on the USB stick to set your new defaults in stone .
Installer Crypt Options - The installer can encrypt the root volume and the swap volume . It will not work properly for other volumes despite any additional check-boxes you might see . Installer and boot-time support works but is still a bit rough around the edges . Performance will be relatively high on multi-core machines .
DragonFly 2.10 Release Notes
Release Improvements
With gas prices beginning to move up this summer and higher prices at the grocery store , every penny counts . My family has found some great ways to conserve energy and save money for our home .
In order to keep our electricity bill lower we wash our clothes in cold water and hang them to dry as much as possible . We do this every day it is not raining . If there is rain forecast for a specific day I will make every effort to get the laundry done around that day so that there is never a need to use the dryer . At last check our electric bill had gone down by $ 40 per month by just this alone . As I thought about that lower bill I wandered around our home and came up with even more ideas to reduce the cost of electricity .
On a nice evening we will often barbeque rather than use the oven . We also utilize the microwave oven and the stove top . I do n't have exact numbers on how much this lowered the bill but it was enough for us to continue the trend . The kids really enjoy bar b quing and the family time we spend with it .
I noticed that the computers ( 4 in all ) and the coffee pot were always plugged in or on . As were the various clock radios around the house . I did some research on the Internet and read that even though we are not using these appliances , they are still sucking up electricity . Those little LCD clocks on them are still displaying are n't they ? I unplugged them after that if they were not in use . I also unplugged anything else that I found not in use including the electric can opener .
No one likes to wash dishes around here , but I hate running the dishwasher and using so much hot water and electricity . The solution ? I only run the dishwasher when it is completely full ( you 'd be surprised how much you can get in there just by a simple rearrangement ) and I use the economy setting and let them air dry . Again more savings .
In the summer I open the windows at night and take advantage of the cooler air . In the mornings when it starts to heat up outside I close the windows and shut any blinds that are on the sunny side of the house . I also utilize some ceiling fans and other fans to keep the cooler air circulating throughout the house . When it is over 90 outside we will still use the Air Conditioner but by utilizing these techniques our electric bill has dropped dramatically .
Though my family has a ways to go to be perfect energy savers , we are well on our way to great conservation . Our electric bill has been lowered by almost $ 100 per month over the last year . I wonder how much lower we can get it by simply paying attention to what we are doing as well as shutting off the lights when we leave the room .
( Image : ZDNet/CBS Interactive )
NEW YORK -- If only it was n't called the `` Priv , '' BlackBerry 's Android phone would n't get me so wound up .
BlackBerry 's latest phone , an Android device , centers around two principles : `` privilege '' and `` privacy , '' which flat out makes no sense , except for the fact that according to Dictionary.com those are the first two words that start with `` priv . ''
Privacy is tricky to protect , but it 's surprisingly easy to understand . Your privacy can relate to anything from your music and movie tastes , your text messages with that person you really like , or something as personal as your religion , beliefs , or views . It can also relate to where you are , who you talk to , your private information -- such as a contacts list or your documents and photos . Privacy only really exists when you have control over it . You put a passcode on your phone to prevent someone else from accessing your private information .
Once you give up that control , you may no longer have privacy .
Privacy relies on the protection of your data . After spending a week with the Priv , I can tell you from the three most used apps on this phone :
Facebook accessed my location a total of 194 times in seven days .
Skype accessed my phone contacts list a total of 1,814 times in the past seven days .
Twitter accessed my location 704 times in the past seven days .
That 's not privacy-enhancing data . That 's just information , which I ca n't do anything about .
As I said in my review : `` The police turning up at your door saying you got burgled is n't effective law enforcement . It 's stating a fact , and hoping you feel reassured by it . ''
That data came from a in-built app called DTEC , which measures the health of your Priv smartphone , based on whether you have a strong lock code , device data encryption , and have certain options on and off , depending on the preference .
In short , it 's a weak privacy app . It does n't prevent your data from being slurped up by the various apps you use , nor does it give you an option to do much about it -- except uninstall the apps . And let 's face it , nobody is going to uninstall Facebook .
CNET Review : BlackBerry Priv review : Slick Android slider with niche appeal
BlackBerry clearly went in with the best of intentions for this device . For the fact that you 've got phone developers thinking about privacy is a rare sight in this day and age , of data breaches , hacks and government surveillance . The problem is , you ca n't half-ass privacy and security . One trip in the system and you can bring the whole veil of protection down .
But marketing this phone as a privacy phone is borderline dangerous for those who think , perhaps naively , that this phone will protect their privacy .
The Blackphone 2 , another Android-based phone which we reviewed earlier this year , actively mitigates apps and services from grabbing a user 's data . iPhones have also become increasingly privacy-centric and security focused by adding device encryption , among other things .
And yet there will be people who have `` nothing to hide . '' Agree with him or not , whistleblower Edward Snowden destroyed that argument by saying : `` Arguing that you do n't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you do n't care about free speech because you have nothing to say . ''
This is a good phone for Android users , and it 's a great phone for BlackBerry loyalists . It 's a smart , usable , accessible and customizable device with a hardware keyboard that all too many people have missed over the years .
And there are some positive security-focused additions to the software , including kernel hardening , adding hardware root-of-trust to prevent rootkit malware and device tampering , and also over-the-air security hotfix patches that can override the carrier 's approval for those ( all too often ) Android security emergencies .
Call it anything , but do n't call it a privacy phone .
Nearly three-quarters of Americans are concerned the United States could get involved in a full-scale war with North Korea , even as a majority lacks trust in President Trump to handle the situation , according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll .
A new high of 66 percent say North Korea poses a `` serious threat '' to the United States , up from 54 percent in a 2005 Post-ABC poll and 55 percent in 2003 , with concern spanning partisan and ideological lines .
The poll was conducted shortly after North Korea launched its farthest-reaching missile test to date in July with a range experts say could reach Alaska . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the missile test was a new escalation of the threat posed to the United States and the world , and that Washington would bring North Korea 's action before the U.N. Security Council .
The Post-ABC poll finds lagging confidence in Trump to handle the situation , with 36 percent saying they trust Trump at least `` a good amount '' to deal with the issue , while 63 percent have `` just some '' or less confidence . Four in 10 say they do not trust Trump `` at all '' on the issue , nearly twice the number who express `` a great deal '' of confidence .
As with approval of Trump in general , there is a large partisan divide in the public 's faith in Trump on this issue . An 81 percent majority of Republicans trust Trump at least a good amount to handle North Korea , while only 11 percent of Democrats say the same . Independents are closer to Democrats , with 31 percent trusting Trump a good amount or more while 66 percent trust him just some or not at all .
Ideological differences are also sharp but unbalanced . While 86 percent of liberals trust Trump just some or not at all to deal with North Korea , a smaller 66 percent majority of conservatives express faith in his leadership .
There are also political divisions in concerns about a full-scale war breaking out with North Korea . Overall , 74 percent of Americans say they are very or somewhat concerned about this prospect , including 39 percent who are `` very concerned '' while 35 percent are `` somewhat concerned . ''
Democrats are about twice as likely as Republicans say they are `` very concerned '' about the United States getting involved in a full-scale war , 53 percent vs. 27 percent , with 36 percent of independents expressing significant concern .
Despite differing worries about a full-scale war , Democrats and Republicans see eye-to-eye when it comes to the threat North Korea poses : Two-thirds of Democrats along with 7 in 10 Republicans say that North Korea is a serious threat , and 65 percent of independents agree , all at least slightly higher than in 2005 .
The poll finds concern that the United States will get involved in a war with North Korea peaks among African Americans , 63 percent of whom are `` very '' concerned , compared with 49 percent of Hispanics and 33 percent of whites . There is also a large gender gap , with 51 percent of women saying they are `` very concerned '' about the possibility compared with 27 percent of men .
Women have also become sharply more wary of the threat posed by North Korea than in the past . Fully 73 percent of women say North Korea is a serious threat , up 23 points from 2005 , when 50 percent of women said the same . Among men , just under 6 in 10 at both time points have said North Korea is a serious threat .
The Post-ABC poll also finds an age gap in fears of North Korea , with 77 percent of Americans ages 40 and older saying the country poses a serious threat compared with 49 percent of people younger than 40 . The younger group has not changed in their concern since 2005 , while concerns among those over age 40 have grown by 19 percentage points .
The Post-ABC poll was conducted July 10-13 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults reached on cellular and landline phones . The margin of sampling error for overall results is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .
Scott Clement contributed to this report .
A lot of people today still claim that the Mediterranean diet ( especially the Cretan one ) is the best diet in the world , but the truth is that it “ was ” , not “ is ” . Things changed in the last 30-40 years in these countries , and now the people living there are full of disease , as everyone else in all of the Western countries are . Having originated in rural Greece , this is my opinion why this diet worked well , until about the 1970s :
1 . Geography
This is really the biggest point . This is a climate that it has harsh-enough winters and hot summers , surrounded by sea . All the fish , fruits , vegetables and meat one could think of can survive there . It is the best place to live in the world , food resources-wise . Too much of everything will kill you ( even water ) , so Mediterranean people just ate seasonal things , a little bit of everything .
2 . Spelt , not wheat
Cretans traditionally used spelt and farro/emmer ( types of ancient wheat with low amount of gluten ) , not the Frankenstein selected wheat that 's available today . Additionally , very few of their dishes/foods used it . They would also not eat cereals ( mainland Greece used a type of lacto-fermented porridge-like wheat cereal called “ trahanas ” ) . Gluten was not as omnipresent as it 's today for Cretans .
Today 's problem with gluten is twofold : first , we eat a sort of wheat super-gluten , bio-engineered & non-digestible . Secondly , it 's mostly a matter of reaching a certain threshold during our lifetime ( different for each person ) , at which point our immune system ca n't deal with it any more ( had too much of it ) . Cretans were never reaching such thresholds by using [ fermented ] spelt at low quantities . Rice/corn was not regular there either , while they always ate our potatoes skinless ( skin is where potatoes store their toxins ) .
3 . No sugar
Cretans would eat a lot of vegetables ( a lot of them wild ) and have fruits and honey as desserts . They would also use honey as a sweetener for some dishes . Both fruits and honey are mono-saccharides , which are the only sugars easily digestible by healthy humans . Poly-saccharides that do n't get digested end up in the gut , where they become food for the microbes that live there , over-populating them . The key to human health is the balance of the gut micro-biota .
4 . Plenty of Omega-3
Lots of fish/shellfish and non-vegetable oils ( they 'd slowly cook with pure olive oil ) means one thing : a better balance of omega-3 to omega-6 . Possibly as close to 1:2 , while most Western people today have a ratio of 1:25 , literally killing them slowly .
5 . Fermented legumes
As it 's been demonstrated in the lab , most legumes lose their lectins when they 're fermented . Fermentation is key to render a lot of “ problematic ” food inert . I clearly remember my mom fermenting our beans/lentils overnight ( soaking them into water or dairy ) before cooking them for a long time the next day . To be fair , not all legumes are created equal . Some are more poisonous than others ( especially the colorful ones ) .
6 . Fermented dairy from the right animals
Most dairy consumption in Greece was fermented AND from goats/sheep ( not from cows ) . Goat/sheep 's casein is more compatible with the human digestion than modern cow casein . Greek yogurt has proved its efficacy aiding the fixing of gut problems , but also our cheeses carry a lot of this micro-biota too ( not just the well known feta , try mizithra instead ) . The Greek equivalent of kefir is called xynogalo ( although home-made kefir is more potent ) .
7 . Coconut
For the Cretans in particular , coconuts actually grow there . The coconut factor is well known among Paleo dieters .
8 . Local Delicacies
Cretans in particular would eat some types of insects , snails , raw artichokes and other types of food that are simply not common in the rest of the Mediterranean cuisine . These have nutrients not found elsewhere ( e.g . insects have lots of K2 Mk4 ) . And of course , a lot of wild , bitter greens ( which thankfully they 're still common among older people in Greece ) .
9 . Greek Mountain Tea
This is a miracle herbal tea that science only recently has started to unravel . Just read the research ! I wish more Paleo people were aware of it , the thing works . Cretans also used dictamnus , a local herbal tea , also known for its health benefits .
10 . Less red meat
As much as Paleo people would eat red meat almost daily , I 'm actually not a big fan of this idea . I think meat should not be consumed more than 2-3 times a week . More ( healthy , wild ) fish and shellfish is best instead , and a lot of vegetable dishes are good too ( even if you cook them in animal fat and bone broth ) .
11 . Offal and bone broth
What , you thought they would throw that stuff to the dogs ? ! ? They ate it ! Delicious eggs from local hens too .
12 . Lots of herbs
Herbs are known to help with various health conditions . In the Greek/Cretan cuisine , these are used a lot . These days mostly oregano is used , but in the older days there was a much wider array of herbs used .
13 . Sun and exercise
A lot of sun , daily . Up in the mountains with the goats and sheep , or down to the fields . Nobody was a couch potato . And of course , snoozing under trees from 3 to 5 PM , when the heat was at its highest . My goat & sheep herder grandfather at 84 years old now can go up the rocky mountain like it 's leveled asphalt . I lose my breath after 3 minutes trying to catch him .
In other words , Cretans and most Greeks were closer to Paleo than most dietitians today would like you to think . When they push down Paleo and try to tell us that the original Cretan diet was the best , they need to get their facts straight , because the two diets are not as far apart as they would like you to think .
As to why the diet was better in Crete and not in another island ( e.g . Sicily , Rhodes , Cyprus etc ) , I believe it 's because of its relative long distance from the mainland . Small boats could not make it to Crete , only bigger ones could . This relative isolation has made Cretans to keep their original , traditional diet for longer than other islands did . But it 's already gone now . Greece really became “ modern ” in the last 30-40 years ( mostly after its induction to the European Union ) , so cow dairy became the norm , lots of wheat , cheap vegetable oils , and processed/sugar foods too , while the consumption of traditional fermented foods , offal , bone broth , wild mountain vegetables etc went down .
Britain 's population is set to surge by at least another 10 million over the next 25 years , with new estimates from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) predicting a Britain populated by 74.3 million people by mid-2039 , mostly from migration .
While the official population estimate of Britain is 64.9 million , critics argue that this does n't take into account those in the country illegally , and those who the government simply has no way of accounting for . The country 's population may actually be far higher than estimated .
In 2013 , the ONS said that the country 's population could be as high as 78 million by 2037 .
But the most interesting part of the statistics today is the admission that “ net migration accounts for 51 per cent of the projected increase over the next 25 years , with natural increase ( more births than deaths ) accounting for the remaining 49 per cent of growth . ”
This means that over the course of the next 25 years , the non-native population of Britain will be outgrown in numerical terms by foreigners .
The ONS notes : “ International migration has directly contributed to over half ( 56 % ) of the total population change in the UK in the last decade ( 2004 to 2014 ) . The remainder of the change is a result of natural change ( births minus deaths ) in the population and “ other ” change ” .
And critics who claim the UK 's population would shrink without the current open borders are disproved by the latest release . The ONS reports that with a zero net migration figure , that is no overall increase in the UK population through migration , the country would have a stable population rate . Of course , no reputable organisation or political party calls for “ zero net migration ” in the first place , but rather , to reducing migration into the UK from the hundreds of thousands per year , to the tens of thousands .
And the minutes of the meetings between a panel of migration experts also skewer the Prime Minister David Cameron 's recent claims that even outside the European Union , the British government would not be able to reduce net migration . The minutes read [ emphasis added ] : “ Other factors suggested by experts that might impact on migration included government policy , EU membership , the need for labour to support the elderly population , an increase in alternatives to a UK higher education and a reduction in the demand from other countries for UK emigrants , ” adding : “ In the short term , the UK will keep outgrowing the EU with no expectation that will stop as long as the UK remains part of the EU . ”
But bizarrely , the ONS also seems to base its numbers on a decrease in immigration to the UK , from a peak of nearly 600,000 in 2015 , down to around 460,000 in 2022 . This , perhaps , is because the data is informed by the International Passenger Survey , a dubious way of measuring , let alone predicting future migration rates :
The ONS states on its website : “ The national population projections are not forecasts and do not attempt to predict the impact that future government policies , changing economic circumstances or other factors ( whether in the UK or overseas ) might have on demographic behaviour . They simply provide the population levels and age structure that would result if the underlying assumptions about future fertility , mortality and migration were to be realised . ”
Explore the vast wilderness of Africa on foot and by vehicle , where you 'll go head to head with the most ferocious beasts on the planet as you attempt to take down the biggest of the ‘ Big 5 ” ; The Rhino , Lion , Leopard , Cape Buffalo & African Elephant ! • Features vast hunting areas 5x the size of any other Cabela's® console game • Highly memorable ‘ Big 5 ' ; challenging and fun boss animal fights . • All-new , exciting storyline to explore • Capabilities to enter and leave your vehicle anytime , anywhere while you take on large herds of stampeding buffalo , packs of predators , and dream prey across 5 different biomes ! • There are two exciting modes : Safari Mode : mission-based career progression and Shooting Galleries • A wide selection of firearms and load-outs to stalk , dodge , and grapple with the most ferocious beasts alive .
Show More
A girl holds the hands of her parents as they walk on a street in Beijing , November 18 , 2013 . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's wealthy eastern province of Zhejiang became the first to implement a new landmark relaxation of the country 's strict one-child policy on Friday , state media reported , allowing more parents to have a second child .
The government said late last year it would allow millions of families to have two children , the most radical relaxation of its strict one-child policy in close to three decades . The move is part of a plan to raise fertility rates and ease the financial burden on China 's rapidly ageing population .
The new policy allows couples to have two children if one of the parents is an only child . Previously , a couple could generally only have a second child if both parents were only children .
“ The Standing Committee of ( the ) Zhejiang Provincial People 's Congress has approved an amendment to the Zhejiang Provincial Population and Family Planning Regulations , ” the official Xinhua news agency said , adding that the move took effect on Friday .
Beijing , central China 's Hubei province , and the southern region of Guangxi are expected to implement the policy as early as March , Xinhua said .
A growing number of scholars have urged the government to reform the one-child policy , introduced in the late 1970s to prevent population spiralling out of control , but now regarded by many experts as outdated and harmful to the economy .
China , with nearly 1.4 billion people , is the world 's most populous country . The government says the policy of limiting families to one child , which covers 63 per cent of the population , has averted 400 million births since 1980 .
China 's rubber stamp parliament , the National People 's Congress , last month passed a resolution letting provinces relax the policy .
A senior Chinese official said in November that China would eventually scrap family planning restrictions , but was unlikely to abandon its family planning policy in the near term .
I work from my house and keep odd hours , so when a family member needs some sort of worker let into their house during the day I am often asked if I am available to do it . I do n't mind , we all live fairly close together , and it 's not that much of a hassle on most days . Tonight my mom called and asked me if I could let someone in to her place tomorrow to look at her tub , because it 's clogged . She 's tried Drano twice , poured boiling hot water in it , and even tried plunging it , all to no avail . I told her it would be no problem for me to let someone in .
A little while later I went into my own bathroom , and while in there happened to glance at my own tub…
I called her back and asked her how much water was in her tub . She said maybe an inch or so . I asked her to go look at it , and she informed me that she was already in there .
Me : “ You know that little lever just below the spout ? Is it pointed up , or down ? ”
My mom : “ Up ”
Me : “ Push it down ”
( silence… except for the sound of water draining from her tub… )
My mom : “ Who the fuck put that up ? ? ? ”
At this point I can barely breathe because I am laughing so hard . She adds more water to the tub , just to make sure it actually is going down , and swears some more .
Me : “ Mom , how long has your tub been ‘ clogged ' ? ”
My mom : “ A week ”
I lost it . I 'm still giggling as I write this . During her extensive cussing she tried to get me to swear never to tell a soul , but I just had to share . 😀
You may also like : Taylor Swift 's , Um , Like , YouTube Interview
After Barack Obama 's eight long years of gutting America 's missile-defense capabilities , our nation has awakened to the nightmare of a North Korea armed with nuclear missiles capable of reaching U.S. territory .
Fortunately , Donald Trump , who , unlike his predecessor , takes his responsibility to defend the nation seriously , now resides in the White House , and Obama , one in a series of Democrat presidents who cleared the way for the nuclear adventurism of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , is on the outside looking in .
`` North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States , '' President Trump told reporters yesterday after applauding the unanimous weekend approval of the toughest U.N. Security Council sanctions resolution against North Korea to date . `` They will be met with fire , fury , and frankly power the likes of which this world has never seen before . ''
Defense Secretary James “ Mad Dog ” Mattis issued a statement urging North Korea to back off or suffer the consequences . “ The DPRK should cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people , '' he said . `` While our State Department is making every effort to resolve this global threat through diplomatic means , it must be noted that the combined allied militaries now possess the most precise , rehearsed , and robust defensive and offensive capabilities on Earth . ''
But not all of the blame for the status quo can be assigned to Democrats .
North Korea has long massed troops near the border with South Korea , effectively holding the population of nearby Seoul and other densely-populated areas hostage . The DPRK is thought to have the ability to quickly assault and subdue a large chunk of South Korea , with devastating consequences for the populace . The Korean War itself began June 25 , 1950 but never technically ended . Hostilities were suspended when representatives from both countries signed an armistice agreement on July 27 , 1953 . The “ final peaceful settlement ” envisioned in the pact never happened . The U.S. was a major party to the armed conflict and it still has troops stationed on the Korean Peninsula .
“ I think , basically , since the end of the Korean War , we 've had a succession of administrations – Republican and Democratic – who have faced a very unhappy reality , Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney told SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday 's “ Breitbart News Daily ” show .
“ And that is the massive , if uneven , shall we say , North Korean military … so closely positioned at the Demilitarized Zone to Seoul , the capital of South Korea , that at will , from a standing start , they could essentially devastate the 24 or so a million people who live in and around that capital city . ”
Kim Jong-un “ greatly accelerated the development and testing programs of all ranges of North Korea 's missile systems , ” according to Bruce Klingner , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation . “ During his five years in power , he has overseen three times as many missile launches as his father did during his eighteen-year reign . ”
Kim would n't actually have to incinerate a U.S. population center to inflict devastating damage on the nation . There is some evidence that the North Koreans have the ability to detonate a nuclear weapon on a satellite in orbit over U.S. territory in order to create an EMP , or electromagnetic pulse . An EMP could take the nation 's electric grid offline and fry the circuitry of everything from automobiles to smartphones to toasters .
It was President Bill Clinton who cleared the way for the DPRK to go nuclear .
Nearly two years ago , North Korea sent geopolitical shockwaves around the world by claiming to have conducted a successful test of a powerful hydrogen bomb . Without the machinations years ago of then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and more importantly , those of her husband , the pariah nation may not have been able to join the nuclear club .
The announcement by the DPRK came after years of appeasement and dithering by left-wing politicians in the West . In 1994 Bill Clinton unveiled an agreement between the U.S. and North Korea that he claimed would achieve `` an end to the threat of nuclear proliferation on the Korean Peninsula . ''
Under the deal , North Korea `` agreed to freeze its existing nuclear program and to accept international inspection of all existing facilities , '' Clinton said at the time . The pact `` is good for the United States , good for our allies , and good for the safety of the entire world . ''
Years after Clinton 's presidency , North Korea today possesses what it calls its `` H-bomb of justice '' that can reportedly be loaded onto a missile and delivered to targets outside its borders .
Critics note that the deal with the DPRK is remarkably similar to President Obama 's loophole-ridden nuclear nonproliferation pact with the Islamic Republic of Iran . This makes sense because both Clinton and Obama share a similar core philosophy that favors appeasement and discourages national security-related preparedness .
Way back in 1999 , Donald Trump presciently eviscerated President Clinton 's weak stance on North Korea .
What Clinton had agreed to “ was so soft , these people are laughing at us , ” Trump told the late Tim Russert on NBC . “ We virtually tried to bribe them into stopping and they 're continuing to [ do ] what they 're doing . And they 're laughing at us , they think we 're a bunch of dummies . ''
On the possibility of striking at North Korea militarily before the nuclear threat got out of hand , Trump said , “ You want to do it in five years when they have warheads all over the place , every one of them pointing to New York City , to Washington , and every one of our — is that when you want to do it ? Or do you want to do something now ? ”
And Barack Obama was exponentially worse on nukes than Bill Clinton was .
While in office , Obama scoffed at the idea of missile-defense , that is , that a missile could take out another missile . The idea grew out of President Reagan 's Strategic Defensive Initiative ( SDI ) , derided by left-wingers at the time and for years after as “ Star Wars . ”
According to the leftists at Mother Jones , the U.S. government “ sank more than $ 239 billion ( in 2016 dollars ) into making some version of this Cold War daydream into reality , without much success . ”
Whether that dollar figure provided by writer Bryan Schatz in January is accurate , really does n't even matter . It is money well-spent . And now that this research and development money has been spent , deploying missile-interception systems wo n't be a terrible strain on the public purse because the hard part is over .
Making new missiles costs only a fraction of what it costs to design and develop those missiles . The interception vehicles may very well save America from ruin .
But the Left will still find a way to whine about those costs too . Every dollar not redistributed or spent on social welfare programs is a dollar wasted , as these people see it . And every dollar spent on defending America is an abomination in their eyes .
When seeking the presidency , Obama referred to missile defense programs as “ unproven ” and promised to cut them . As president , he was passive-aggressive about such programs . He undermined America 's missile defense , but eventually he supposedly acknowledged missile defense had some value .
But President Obama still put a great deal of energy into weakening America 's missile defense programs , which despite his best efforts have shown great promise in testing in recent months , successfully taking down an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) on May 30 . A long-range ground-based interceptor missile launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California hit and destroyed the ICBM launched from the U.S. Army 's Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands .
In 2009 , Obama killed President Bush 's missile defense program for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Poland . Then he renegotiated the New START nuclear arms agreement , which curbed the U.S. missile defense arsenal while letting the Russians add to theirs . In March 2012 Obama was caught on an open microphone telling then-Russian President Dmitri Medvedev to wait until after the upcoming election when he would be able to make even more concessions on missile defense .
Leftists like Obama do n't lose sleep worrying about such threats because they claim climate change , not potential nuclear missile attacks by rogue nations and terrorists , is a much more serious , pressing threat to Americans and the whole world . These people do n't take seriously the provocations of Kim Jong-un that could lead directly to the deaths of millions of Americans and South Koreans . Both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders said during the election campaign last year that climate change was the greatest threat facing the United States , a claim echoed by President Obama who called climate change “ a potential existential threat to the entire world if we do n't do something about it . ”
But that frivolous view was rejected by the electorate last November and finally we have a president who , unlike the previous occupant of the White House , wants to protect America from foreign attack .
Welsh council funding has reached ‘ tipping point ' – WLGA
Council leaders in Wales believe a ‘ tipping point ' may have been reached after the government revealed funding cuts averaging 3.4 % .
Public services minister Leighton Andrews announced that total funding through the Revenue Support Grant for councils totals £4.124bn , which represents a decrease of 3.4 % on what they received last year on a like for like basis .
He said : “ The settlement I am announcing today is challenging but this is a consequence of the large-scale budget reductions being imposed by the UK government . The Welsh government 's budget for 2015-16 will be around 10 % lower in real terms compared with 2010-11 . ”
Andrews added that to limit the impact felt by councils he was putting in place a “ damping ” mechanism so that no “ authority will see a year on year reduction of more than 4.5 % ” .
But the Welsh Local Government Association ( WLGA ) stated that a cut of almost £150m to their budget in 2015-16 means they will be forced to reduce many “ treasured local services now and into the future ” .
During his announcement , Andrews said he was providing an additional £10m for local social services to help maintain the long-term success of the health service in Wales . He also plans to “ protect ” school funding in line with the government 's commitment to provide an increase in resources at 1 % above the overall change in the Welsh Budget .
In addition , the Settlement provides £244m for a Council Tax Reduction Scheme for all eligible applicants . “ Local Authorities must take account of the effect of the scheme in making decisions about their council tax levels , ” Andrews said .
The WLGA , however , stated that the announcement of an “ extra ” £10m for social services barely accounts for a fifth of the overall cost of demographic pressures that already exist in the system . Neither does it make up for the cut of the £50m of the Intermediate Care Fund . “ Social services are effectively £90m down already , ” the Association added .
Andrews had stated that local services have been protected in Wales more than its English counterparts between 2010 and 2013 , but the WGLA says this does not mean that services have not been cut over the period .
Cllr Bob Wellington CBE , leader of the WLGA said : “ Councils in Wales have not shied away from difficult decisions . They have already been forced to deliver a wide range of cost saving measures , often in the face of strong but understandable public opposition .
“ Within the latest Welsh government budget , local councils have once again been asked to shoulder a disproportionate share of the austerity burden , and it is time for politicians at all levels to be honest about what this actually means for the communities we serve . ”
Cllr Aaron Shotton , WLGA deputy leader and spokesperson for Finance , added that the current system for funding local councils is broken .
“ It is high time for all those involved in public policy in Wales to address this , and the WLGA is calling for the establishment of an Independent Commission on Local Government Finance to examine the sustainability of council funding into the future , ” he said .
To see the provisional breakdown document , and the annual change for unitary authorities , click here .
( Image : c. GeeHock )
Tell us what you think – have your say below or email opinion @ publicsectorexecutive.com
Cheese thieves are on the prowl in the Dairy State .
A thief swiped 40,000 pounds of Minnesota-made Parmesan valued at $ 90,000 from a distribution center in Marshfield , Wis. , earlier this month . The cheese rounds have n't been seen since .
A week later and 170 miles south , a trailer loaded with $ 70,000 worth of cheddar and other cheeses was stolen during the wee hours of the morning from a distribution center in the village of Germantown .
Germantown cops quickly reported the missing cheese on the department 's Facebook page , and hours later the trailer was spotted about 25 miles away in the Milwaukee area . Drat , the cheese was all gone .
Detectives tracked down some of the cheese within hours and recovered what they believe to be the rest in a separate location on Saturday , said Germantown Lt. James Theep .
“ We just do n't know who ” is behind it , he said . Investigators also do n't know whether the Germantown cheese crooks pilfered the Parmesan in Marshfield a week earlier .
“ We 're looking at all possibilities , ” said Marshfield Police Lt. Darren Larson .
Larson said his detectives have not located the trailer , tractor or purloined Parmesan that was produced in LeSueur , Minn. , and was supposed to end up in Elgin , Ill .
“ I 've been a police officer for 28 years … and this is unusual , ” Larson said . Sure the cops have been called after someone has lifted a pound or two of cheddar or maybe a few mozzarella sticks but never a truckload of cheese .
“ It 's a first for us , ” Larson said .
He said it 's unclear who the man was behind the wheel of the semi that pulled up to the Wow Logistics distribution center in Marshfield on Jan. 14 and drove off with 1,000 , 40-pound blocks of Parmesan .
Investigators are trying to untangle exactly how a truck pulled in and drove away with that much cheese , Larson said .
The question at first was whether it was a clerical error or theft , he said . “ But as time goes on … it becomes suspect . ”
Tracking down the getaway vehicle has been tough because it was a nondescript , white refrigerator trailer with a nondescript white semi-tractor , Larson said . “ So it really gives us little to go on . ”
What Larson does know is that if the seal on the trailer unit is broken , the cheese ca n't be legitimately sold .
“ I 'm not aware of a black market for cheese , ” he said . “ But it 's not inconceivable , because essentially everything that ca n't be marketed on the legitimate market certainly has a place on a more criminal one . ”
Larson does n't know what the street value would be .
In Germantown , the fromage heist occurred about 2:15 a.m. Friday when a semi loaded with a variety of Crystal Farms cheese products — from cheddar to cream cheese — went missing , Theep said . Within hours , the tractor and trailer were found in separate locations . Detectives hot on the trail discovered a pile of cheese in one building and what they presume is the rest of the load was found the next day in another building .
Theep is mum on some of the details because it 's an open investigation . And he 's doing his best not to crack amid a swirl of cheese puns flung his way .
“ This is definitely something out of the ordinary , for sure , ” he said . “ It 's a lot of cheddar . ”
Over the years , the 2D animation programs used by the cartoonists have been changed a lot . From the traditional approach of using pen and paper to filter out the ideas for using the best 2D animation software to illustrate more than the user thinking , make the job and even life easier and effective . A professional 2D animation software for beginners comes with everything from pre-defined slides to step-by-step tutorial guides which help the newcomers to give wings to their ideas .
There are a lot of 2D animation programs and software available in the market , and most of them are good as well as free for use too . But , when it comes to picking up the best among them , it becomes somewhat difficult especially for the beginners to start from . So , we have picked some of the best 2D animation software available in the market and provided their reviews to help the new professionals as well as the pros too for getting the good tool for creating awesome cartoon series and videos .
Best 2d animation software
The “ Anime Studio Debut ” from Smith Micro Software Inc. is a perfect 2D animation program for the beginners . It comes with an included library of pre-loaded characters and assets . You can use them for creating stunning scenes to make a popular video or series .
Pros
It comes with tools which work as freehand drawing tools
Compatible with drawing tables
You can get full control on your character 's moves , turns , and bends
It comes with a multi-touch support for the Wacom tablets
Cons
Though the Anime Studio Debut gets updates at frequent times ; sometimes it keeps crashing a much
If you want a 2D animation program for a comic creation , then you may not find this strong enough
Verdict
You may be able to create your comic series , but it is not-at-all suitable for a graphical novel . It is a tremendously helpful 2D animation software for the beginners , though .
Again from Smith Micro Software Inc. , you will get another great 2D animation software – Clip Studio Paint Pro . It will add power and flexibility in your animation design process . It was formerly known as ‘ Manga Studio 5 ' which gives you a total solution of having a stunning and publishing ready comics and manga .
Pros
The intuitive interface and a super flexible feature set will help you to quickly and easily create your animation projects
It will help you to create natural artwork with your pen tablet by sketching , scanning , and importing your animation work directly
It has a frame-by-frame animation feature which has an onion skinning display ( to see your previous slide in the current one ) , timeline with adjustment settings , and light table which will help you to create stunning series
Three options available for download ; for Mac , for Windows PC , and CD-ROM
Cons
Lack of some shortcuts like changing the size of the brush with a click while drawing
You can not rotate the image/text without rasterizing it
Verdict
Though the Clip Studio Paint Pro from Smith Micro Software Inc. is lacking some basic features like changing the brush size , rotating text , or a high-quality transform tool as available in the other standard 2D animation software , it is one of the best 2D animation programs for creating cartoon images . It surely gives more than its money .
“ Adobe After Effects ” is perfect for creating post-production effects on a video and to create a high-end motion graphics . The smaller scale of the program allows creating stunning 2D video animations . It allows you to create series of content titles and quick animations .
Pros
It has an accurate and fast face tracker
Compatible with the Windows and Mac Operating Systems both
It allows you to have an uninterrupted preview
Full access to the Adobe Creative Cloud Library
Cons
It draws an enormous power , so you will need a powerful computer to run it normally
If you are getting it for professional work , then you may find that the character animator has limited features
Verdict
You may not find some advanced or full features , but the Adobe performance will make you enjoy it for quite a time .
To help out the younger beginners in the field of 2D animation software , the HUE Animation has designed this wonderful 2D animation studio software for the Windows , Apple , and MAC PCs . It is an all-in-one package which provides everything to the teenagers , especially kids , to start their first animation . This 2D animation software has won several awards like Creative Child ( Product of the Year ) , Parent 's Choice Award , Good Toy Guide , Teacher 's Choice Award , Mom 's Choice Award , and Dad 's Choice Award .
Pros
It is a solid stop motion animation kit which is simple and easy to learn and start animation straight away
Easy to setup and use Animation software
An HD camera with mic and USB cable comes as plug n play
A 60-page full-color book from HUE Animation will help the kids and teenagers in their different animation projects
Free access to the ‘ Creatubbles ' which is an online community to share the ideas , work , and conversations
You can choose the color of the included camera from blue , red , green , and black
Cons
We tried twice , but we could not install it on a MAC system , probably the piece we got may be defective , but beware if you are buying it for MAC
No phone number of the company available for the direct contact
Camera quality is not as high-standard as mentioned
Verdict
For a kid or a youngster who is eager to start the first animation after watching a fantastic animated movie , then the HUE Animation Studio is the best 2D animation software to choose . Ease-of-use makes it extremely helpful for the beginners , but pray to get a good piece of the product . Otherwise , you will have to wait for a bit more time for the replacement or to solve your queries from the end of the company .
Pencil 2D is one of the most favorite drawing/animation software for the beginners . It is available for free to download and use . It helps to create traditional hand-drawn animation cartoons .
Pros
You can use both bitmap and vector graphics
Free to use , which makes it perfect for beginners to start with
You will be able to start animating immediately
Layered functionality makes easy-to-use
Cons
Needs improvements in importing and exporting features
If you are using MAC OSX 10.8 or lower version , then you ca n't use all of its advanced features ( Upgrades are good always )
Verdict
It is a good 2D animation program for the users of all ages .
In the industry of 2D animation software , Toon Boom Harmony is a premier name . The big banners like Warner Bros. , Disney , and Nickelodeon uses the products of Toon Boom wisely in their projects . It can be said as the best powerful 2D animation software available today . Get this independent guide for the Toon Boom Harmony .
Pros
It allows you to do everything including Flash Style cut-out animation , traditional paper drawing , etc . with its awesome drawing tools
It allows you to give a natural look to the character 's movements
You can also show your previous work under the sketch which gives a smooth motion
It automatically animates the series of points either via keyframe or frame-by-frame animation
Cons
It is very expensive
You may not get full step-by-step tutorials for all the features
Verdict
Nevermind if you are a hobbyist or a beginning animator or a professional designer , the Toon Boom Harmony will not let you down .
As they bannered on their website , the Digicel FlipBook makes the 2D animation even easier for the beginners in the field . It is a favorite 2D animation program among the professional animators as well as a company like Disney . According to your budget and needs , you can choose from a range of different versions of the software .
Pros
Easy to use interface
You can designate your own areas to erase or fill with
You can trace your previous as well as next frame to adjust the movements in the current working frame
Different file types support for import , export , and render
Cons
If you want a High Definition output , then you will need to buy a more expensive ProHD version
Limited support for the animation tutorial
Verdict
It is one of the most favorite 2D animation software today which comes with old-fashioned drawing tools with time-saving features .
Being marketed as a fun education 2D animation software , the Honestech Stopmotion Studio 4.0 is specially designed to create stop motion videos from the differently angled or posed images captured by you . It is a good choice for the beginners and for the school projects of creating animated movies .
Pros
The Onionskin feature helps you to see the previous frames in an overlay which is transparent to create the next image or frame easily
You can directly upload your videos to Facebook or YouTube by just click of a button
It has support for the DSLR camera which will help you to create stunning videos in High Definition format
You can add your own sound effects , background music , voice overs , and can change the background settings using a green/blue screen to get the best match with your project
Supports different file formats like WMV , AVI , MPEG1 , MPEG2 or HD MPEG
Cons
It only supports Windows platforms
Instructions are there , but not with step-by-step guide to help the new starters
You should record your voice outside the program . Otherwise , you may not get control over the sound
Verdict
With the easy installation process and a good beginner 's program , the Honestech Stopmotion Studio 4.0 by VIDBOX is a worth-the-money 2D animation software . It will not support other than the Windows System and some knowledge you should get from outside , but still , it is a good choice for the beginners .
In the Adobe 's creative cloud application suite , the Animate CC is a new and major component . It was previously named as Adobe Flash which was quite popular among the worldwide users . It has become the pioneer in the animation industry . It will give you the new ability to create custom designed animations . Check below how you will get the wings to your beautiful ideas with the Adobe Animate CC .
Pros
It is an industry leading software which was specifically designed for those who want to create some interactive animations
You will get access to the all the latest Adobe updates with the latest features
It comes with Adobe CreativeSync which allows you to use Creative Cloud Libraries and Adobe Stock
You will get the high-standard drawing tools to create stunning animation projects
You can create custom designed banner ads , micro-interactions as well as interactive infographics
You can publish your animation work on different platforms with just a click
Cons
Once you have subscribed from the Adobe site , you can not cancel it afterward
Verdict
It may not be the perfect 2D animation software , but the Adobe Animate CC is surely the application that the designers would want on their PCs . There are more animator-friendly tools at lower prices available in the market , but still , the Animate CC is a web animator 's choice of 2D animation tool .
Conclusion
We all grew up watching Tom and Jerry , Bugs Bunny , Mickey Mouse , etc . Still , they refresh our minds while we watch them again . Many times , I thought that maybe someday I also will be able to create my own animated cartoon series ( Ideas and their implementations are two different things ! ) .
The 2D animation software saves your time of spending years in an art school or getting training from a production house . From simpler to complex animations , you can create stunning cartoons and videos in your way . The above list of the “ Best 2D Animation Software for Beginners ” will help you to get a perfect animation program according to your budget and requirements .
i wish people would stop spreading this mis information about minoxidil it is such fear mongering .
I am 45 years old I have bene on Minoxidil 5 % since November .
My skin looks amazing , i dont have a puffy face I dont have destroyed collagen .
I am not going to debate this happens or not but I put my skin against most 35 year old women .
It 's just not truthful to spread this misinformation .
I think IF people are getting bloating they are probably either
1. allergic to it or
2. over-dosing .
I have NO beef for you NOT wanting to use it and try/use the alternatives since after all it is a blood pressure medicine and not right for everyone BUT you seriously have 20-somethings on the forum terrified to try the stuff because their skin 'might ' age . And I seriously doubt its truthful .
I mean i have good skin and DNA but how would I , at my age be resistant an 'aging ' medication ? _-I would n't be .
Click to expand ...
Progress Update : May 16 2016 — Digix Visits China
Digix Blocked Unblock Follow May 16 , 2016
Most of the core team members are in China this week to meet and greet some of our collaborators / partners / interviewers , and in general to get the word out about Digix to this side of the world .
We thought it will be apt to start with a short recap on a few significant events last week , progress , and continuing plans forward .
DigixDAO Webinars :
We hosted the first two DigixDAO webinars to kick off what regular project proposal pitches to DigixDAO . A pdf of a project proposal framework can be downloaded here from our webinar registration site . Attores and Innocoin joined us towards the end of the sessions , and moving forward we will be facilitating full webinar time slots with various potential collaborators to give token holders a chance to explore and evaluate projects .
GateCoin was hacked but DGDs are safe :
All DGD tokens that were sent to Gatecoin is safe and held in escrow by Aurel Iancu , a reputable public figure in the Ethereum community . You can check this address balance on Etherscan , at address 0x6710c2c03c65992b2e774be52d3ab4a6ba217ef7
KanBan Flow Tracker :
As mentioned , we wanted the public to have a better gauge on our progress at Digix . Hence we have uploaded a simple tracking tool to keep the public abreast of our current developments . This information can be found here .
Story highlights Israeli hospital is treating seven people injured in the civil war in Syria
The hospital `` can not confirm '' whether they are from the opposition or the military
They are under guard for protection
At least 61 people were killed Sunday in the war in Syria , according to an opposition group
An Israeli hospital is treating people wounded in Syria , where civil war has killed thousands and wounded thousands more .
Ziv Medical Center in Safed , Israel , `` can not confirm '' whether the seven Syrians being treated are from the Syrian opposition or the military , said Dr. Oscar Embon , the hospital 's director .
`` We treat patients regardless of religion , race , nationality and give the best care we can provide , '' Embon said .
The Syrians are under guard for their own protection , he said .
Israeli doctors frequently treat people from groups with which Israel has tensions , or even is engaged in conflict . In November , CNN visited an Israeli hospital treating an Israeli child and a Palestinian child , both wounded in warfare between Israel and militants in Gaza .
Ziv Medical Center treated soldiers and a Syrian pilot during the 1982 Israeli war with Lebanon , hospital officials said .
JUST WATCHED Will outsiders intervene in Syria ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Will outsiders intervene in Syria ? 03:03
JUST WATCHED Syria : Homs , a city divided Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syria : Homs , a city divided 02:56
JUST WATCHED Syrian official : 'We have already won ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian official : 'We have already won ' 02:48
JUST WATCHED Turkey-Syria border blast caught on tape Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Turkey-Syria border blast caught on tape 02:03
It 's unclear what will ultimately happen to the seven Syrians . After treatment at the hospital , they will be returned to the Israeli military , which brought them in for help , and they will need rehabilitation , Embon said .
An Israeli military spokeswoman told CNN the Israel Defense Forces `` provided medical care to seven injured Syrians adjacent to the security fence between Israel and Syria in the Golan Heights , and the wounded were transferred to an Israeli hospital for further treatment . ''
Embon said one of the seven patients is in severe condition in an intensive care unit . He was to undergo surgery Sunday .
The other six have moderate injuries and had surgery Saturday night . Five have bone fractures in extremities ; the sixth has a vascular injury .
The six are in stable condition . Some will need further operations , Embon said .
All will be at the hospital for at least a week ; some will need to remain longer , Embon said .
He did not know whether other Syrians will be brought for treatment .
Ziv Medical Center is in northern Israel , close to the Syrian border . `` We are used to treating trauma patients , '' said Embon . `` There is a geographical and professional reason for that . '' Many hospital employees speak Arabic , he added .
Asked how the Syrians are responding to being treated in an Israeli hospital , Embon said only that their reaction `` is reasonable . ''
Last month , Israeli fighter jets struck a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon , a senior U.S. official said . Israeli Defense MInister Ehud Barak did not explicitly confirm or deny such an attack , but called the event `` another proof that when we say something we mean it -- we say that we do n't think that it should be allowable to bring advanced weapon systems into Lebanon . ''
Syria 's government-run news agency SANA called Barak 's statement `` an overt hint that the aggression came in implementation of the Israeli threats uttered lately under the pretext of targeting ' a weapons shipment . ' ''
The death toll in the Syrian war is probably approaching 70,000 , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said last week
At least 61 `` martyrs '' were killed Sunday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said .
Syria , which blames the violence on `` terrorists , '' said Sunday its military `` inflicted heavy losses '' on them .
The United Nations and numerous countries , including the United States , have called on Syria to end its brutal crackdown on opposition fighters and called on all sides to halt the violence .
Ad comes as Supreme Court justices consider legalizing same-sex marriage across the United States
More billboards are expected to pop up in Flint , Lansing and Grand Rapids
Restrain the Judges , group sponsoring advertisements , says the billboards are about 'protecting freedom of religion '
Gay marriage opponents have sponsored billboards across Michigan as the Supreme Court justices consider legalizing same-sex marriages across the United States .
The billboards , carried out by conservative groups nationwide , are turning heads across metro-Detroit with their message , 'Homosexuality is a behavior . Not a civil right ' .
People have been stopping their cars and taking photos of the billboard in disbelief of the message that overlooks the road in Dearborn Heights . One passerby said it was 'disgusting ' .
Scroll down for video
A billboard has been put up in Dearborn Heights , Michigan , by gay marriage opponents with the message , 'Homosexuality is a behavior . Not a civil right '
The billboards feature a photo of an African-American man with the phrase , 'Born Black ' and a face covered in rainbow colors with the phrase , 'Not born this way '
' I was just so dumbfounded that I had just seen this , ' one man told WDIV . 'It 's extremely upsetting to me that somebody would go that far out of their way even though they know they 're going to offend a specific demographic or group . '
An electronic advertisement features the message along with two photographs : One of an African-American man with the phrase 'Born black ' underneath , and another of a face covered in rainbow colors reading 'Not born this way ' .
The latter message is a reference to Lady Gaga 's hit song 'Born This Way , ' which became an anthem in the gay community .
Mark Gurley , spokesman for Restrain the Judges , the group who sponsored the advertisements , said the billboards are not intended to read as anti-gay messages .
'The issue here does n't have anything to do , at the end of the day , with the gay community , ' Gurley told WDIV . 'It has everything to do with protecting freedom of religion . '
Each billboard also includes a website , restrainthejudges.com , a website urging for the preservation of marriage between a man and a woman .
Each billboard also references biblical passages and forwards viewers to RestrainTheJudges.com , which encourages internet users to send personalized restraining orders to Supreme Court justices
The billboard was put up as the Supreme Court justices consider legalizing same-sex marriages across the United States
Sponsors of the Restraint the Judges campaign include Faith 2 Action , Americans for Truth about Homosexuality , Judicial Action Group , American Family Association of Pennsylvania and Conservative Republicans of Texas .
The website asks visitors to mail a personalized restraining order to the Supreme Court and all members of Congress , according to the Detroit Free Press .
The letter reads : 'We the people of the United States affirm our right to self-governance and hereby issue a Restraining Order to the United States Supreme Court and our Federal Courts who would attempt to further usurp : The sovereign vote of the American People . Our State Constitutions .
'The sacred institution of marriage between one man and one woman . Our Constitutionally protected First Amendment rights . '
Mark Gurley , a spokesman for Restrain the Judges , said that the billboards do n't 'have anything to do ' with the gay community , but instead are about protecting freedom of religion
Users have to pay to send the restraining orders and can send in bulk up to 544 personalized letters .
'In order to prevent the Roe v. Wade of Marriage , we must act now , ' the sponsors state . 'The issue is urgent , and time is short . '
The ads , which cite Genesis 2:24 and Matthew 19:5 from The Bible , are expected to appear in Flint , Lansing and Grand Rapids in the near future , according toMLive .
Attorney Dana Nessel , who is representing two Hazel Park , Michigan , nurses who had a same-sex marriage heard by the high court , said the billboards might be a last-ditch effort by gay-marriage opponents .
by BRIAN NADIG
The Chicago Police Department has agreed to take measures to increase the number of police officers in the 16th ( Jefferson Park ) Police District from about 210 to 230 , which was the number at the start of the year , according to area aldermen .
At one time last year the district had about 190 officers , and due to a personnel shortage , some beat cars on the overnight shift went unmanned or had only one officer instead of the standard two .
Alderman Nicholas Sposato ( 38th ) said that the department corrected the situation earlier this year but that the district has not kept up with attrition , losing about 20 of its 230 officers to retirement or reassignment .
Sposato and Alderman Anthony Napolitano ( 41st ) recently met with First Deputy Police Superintendent Kevin Navarro to discuss a plan that takes into account attrition .
“ ( At the meeting ) we were promised a surge of police officers , ” Napolitano wrote on his Facebook page . “ More importantly , he agreed to opening the bids into our district for senior officers on a regular basis , something that the 16th District has not seen in years . ”
District commander William Looney said that while all beat cars are being manned , problems arise when beat officers are taken off the streets to process an arrest or to complete an investigation . He said that the district can deploy more rapid response cars to fill in the gaps with more officers .
Currently the district has 36 officers who are being detailed out of the district , but whose official assignment remains with the 16th District , Looney said . Meanwhile , seven officers are being detailed into the 16th District from other units or districts , he said .
The ability to bring in more experienced officers should help the district to maintain its personnel levels , Looney said . In the past couple of years the district has experienced a significant increase in police academy graduates who are completing their probationary period , but they are often reassigned when that period ends , he said .
In the early 2000s the district had about 270 police officers . Despite the personnel shortage in recent years , the district ranks among the lowest in the city in terms of the number of reported crimes .
Share the knowledge ! Facebook 0
Google+ 0
Linkedin 0
Pinterest 0
Twitter
More 0
Share the knowledge ! Facebook 0
Google+ 0
Linkedin 0
Pinterest 0
Twitter
More 0
You know it , I know it , pretty much everybody knows it .
You should try reading more in your target language .
But it 's hard . It 's hard to force yourself to sit down and to do it . And that 's why 99 % of articles suggest that you should read something which is interesting to you . And it 's a really great piece of advice . Seemingly , I mean .
Why ? Because sometimes , even if you 're at an intermediate level , pure interest is not enough to pull you through an article . I love neuropsychology , physics , and statistics .
But reading about it with my bad French would be as fun as sticking needles in my back and pretending that I 'm a hedgehog . So no , that 's not the way I start reading .
So how do I do it ?
Well , the article 's title probably gives away a little bit about what I read . I start with things which I consider a huge waste of time . BUT only in the languages , I 'm fluent in .
That 's why I prey on my most primitive instincts to keep myself focused on reading . I hope that this list will help with your studies . And please do n't judge me , I 'm just a man !
1 . COMIC BOOKS
Let 's be clear about one thing – I do n't consider comic books to be a waste of time ! So go ahead , unleash your inner child !
Usually , the storyline and pictures make it a breeze to finish reading and keep you coming back for more ! Here 's the website with free comic books in 9 languages ( including English ) : Comicbookplus.com
2 . BOOKS FOR CHILDREN
Because who does n't like dragons and fluffy stuff ? The biggest website with free children books is : ChildrensLibrary.org
They have books in thousands of languages ! Well , not really , but definitely in over 30 languages ! And here 's the website with picture books : ChildrenBooksForever.com
3 . SONG LYRICS
One of my favorite ways to learn . Emotions and melody create a powerful mix which makes reading really enjoyable . What 's more , lyrics are usually short so they do n't require a lot of attention .
Simply choose a band singing in your target language and google the title of the song + lyrics/text . It works for most of the languages . Of course for the languages which are more exotic , you might want to check the translation of “ lyrics ” .
4 . COMMENTS
Most of the time I choose to read comments on Reddit , YouTube and below some interesting articles elsewhere . Usually , they are either quite witty or interesting which makes them really appealing .
5 . GOSSIP
I personally hate any kind of gossip . It sucks time and energy right out of your life . But you ca n't deny that as people , we 're generally nosy . That 's why I try to use this vice to my advantage and read gossip-related online magazines .
To find such websites try to google : “ news about celebrities ” or any word combination of that kind .
6 . EROTIC STORIES
There . I said it ! And I 'm not going to explain to you why . You KNOW why . Google “ erotic stories ” in your target language . Nobody needs ( and wants ) to know… !
7 . HARLEQUINS
Or any books of that kind . One of the guilty pleasures of women !
I 've never tried to find such a thing but you can probably find a lot of such books and stories by googling “ broken heart ” , “ mysterious lover ” , etc . But hey ! What do I know ?
8 . TWEETS
Just like comments , they are brief and ( at least ) try to be either funny or informative . Use Twitter Top 100 Most Followed website : http : //twittercounter.com
Then click “ Global Top 100 ” and choose the country of your interest .
9 . WEBSITES LIKE 9GaG.com
If you have never heard of http : //9gag.com/ I want you to know that I do n't believe you !
I had been battling my addiction to this website for a long time before I had won ! But that does n't mean that I ca n't enjoy such websites in other languages !
All the memes and cat pictures guarantee to keep you mesmerized and basically allow you to absorb all the phrases and words effortlessly .
The similar websites for languages other than English include :
10 . GRUESOME STORIES
It 's not for everyone but I really enjoy them . Google “ scary stories ” in your target language .
Or start with this thread on Reddit “ What 's the creepiest Wikipedia article you 've ever read ? ” and change the language on Wikipedia to the one of your interest .
11 . CONFESSIONS
Reading confessions online is probably a modern counterpart of going through somebody 's diary . To get you started , try to google the following phrases in your target language :
what 's the worst thing you have done
what ‘ s the strangest thing you did in bed
what 's the stupidest thing you have ever done
what 's the most embarrassing …
my boyfriend/girlfriend cheated on me
12 . COMPLAINING
In Poland , it 's almost a national tradition to complain about everything so I might be a little bit biased . Try to google the following phrases in your target language :
a list of the worst …
why I hate …
the worst …
13 . SILLY WEBSITES / FORUMS
Take your pick – anything from conspiracy theories forums to camel spotting fan-clubs . The possible side effect of such reading exercises is coming to the conclusion that the human race is doomed .
What embarrassing things do you read which help you to stay focused ? Let me know so I can create the ultimate “ shameless reading list ” !
A Yorba Linda man has been sentenced to 15 years in state prison for raping three women , including two he met on MySpace , the Orange County district attorney 's office said Thursday .
Jason Ara Erpinar , 22 , met two the women , one 18 and the other 22 , on MySpace and asked them on dates . Prosecutors said he raped them after they became intoxicated .
The third woman , according to prosecutors , was Erpinar 's ex-girlfriend , who told authorities he was physically abusive when they were dating and forced himself on her when she was a minor .
[ Update , 7:16 p.m. , Aug. 25 : Erpinar was sentenced by Orange County Superior Court Judge James Rogan after pleading guilty to three counts of sexual assault stemming from incidents from 2006 to 2009 and said Mark Birney , an Orange County deputy district attorney .
During the sentencing , two of the women gave `` powerful '' victim impact statements to the court , Birney said .
One woman said she views Erpinar as less than human , Birney said . Another victim said it `` makes her sick '' to know that Erpinar tried to say the incident was consensual . `` It was rape , and you know it ; otherwise you would n't have pleaded guilty , '' she said in court .
Erpinar 's attorney , Robert Dennis Rentzer , declined to comment .
`` My client elected not to make a statement , and therefore I have no statement to make , '' he said when reached by telephone Thursday .
To be able to disconnect the radiator from the machine chassis , tube coupling connectors are needed . While there are many connectors on the market , it was important to us to be able to open the cooling loop without any water spilling out . Below you see the QD4 series connectors , also manufactured by Koolance . Of course we tested how well the no spill feature works when the cooling loop is active . As it turned out it works really well . Only one or two drops of water were present on the connectors and the instant system shutdown worked as advertised .
Unfortunately for us the 3U server case did not offer enough room to install quick connect couplers on the CPU cold plate . Instead we took the normal connectors there which worked fine too . We cut off a few 20-25cm long pieces of the tube that were then used to install the connectors . Simply push them over the connector and gently turn until it goes no further , then carefully pull off the tube while maintaining the torque direction . The installation of the cooling loop tubes was a two-person job . One to hold and turn the tube and the second person needed to pull the clamps over the tube to seal it properly . Once installed you have to be really careful to prevent torque on the tubes that could easily loosen the connectors leading to water spill . The only drawbacks we experienced with those connectors were the installation process and handling of the tubes after the installation . If you have enough room we recommend installing the no-spill quick connectors on the CPU cold plate .
When it comes to water tubes there are a lot of options you can choose from . Since we do not care if the tubes glow under UV light we went for tubes from the PrimoFlex Advanced LRT series . They work well in small spaces because they can be bent in a tight radius without the tube collapsing . The tubes are also polished on the inside to minimize the surface area biological contaminants can stick to . Another plus point is that they are manufactured without hazardous chemicals inside . One important thing we had to do was to wash out the tubes with hot clear water before connecting them to the cooling loop . There was quite some dust inside because the ends of the tubes were not sealed wherever the supplier had stored them . When cutting the tubes make sure you have a really really sharp knife with a long blade . You want to cut the whole tube in one go . It also helps to squeeze the tube just a tiny weeny bit to even out the down pressure from the knife to make sure you get a clean cut . If done right you get a straight cut that is not curved in or slanted at the end .
Metal clamps are used to fix the tubes on metal connectors and keep the water from escaping . Those clamps are a really tight fit , but only four of them were needed . A pair of channel locks was used to loosen the clamps and pull them over the tubes . Since the space on the CPU cooler is very narrow , you have to be extra careful .
Japan and Korea were at the top of the world in the '80s and '90s , rising from war-ravaged economies to the ranks of the “ developed ” nations . Their companies became global powerhouses , and corporate executives became confident and assertive . And then they were humbled by economic stagnation.I have found the CEOs of Japanese and Korean companies today to be the most attentive and determined of any of the hundreds of executives I have taught all over the world . They are acutely aware of what the World Economic Forum calls the fourth industrial revolution , and are eager to learn about technologies that will enable them to leap into the future and rebuild their competitive advantage.And what about Indian executives ? If they were my students , I would call them “ duffers ” . This is not because of their intelligence and skill — they are amongst the smartest in the world — but because of their overconfidence and insularity . Indian industry achieved extraordinary success in the past three decades as the economy opened up and markets grew . But its business leaders are about to have the rug pulled away from under their feet by changes in the global economy as the Japanese and Koreans did in the 2000s.This is so because a wide range of technologies , including artificial intelligence ( AI ) , computing , genomics , robotics , and sensors , are advancing at exponential rates and converging . They are making it possible to build robots that assemble circuit boards ; to create AI that can drive cars ; to edit genes to eliminate hereditary diseases and create drought-resistant plants ; and to replace fossil fuels with inexpensive clean energy . Never before has such a broad range of technologies moved at such a pace — and made it possible to disrupt entire industries.Take the example of Amazon , which started as an online bookstore . It now rakes in 43 % of all online retail sales in the US . With its acquisition of Whole Foods , it is expanding beyond the digital realm , into brick and mortar . Having gained permission to enter the Indian grocery market , it could also become a dominant player in India . Amazon has also staked claims on cloud services , AI bots and other electronics goods , home goods , and small-business lending . It will disrupt several industries on a global scale.Such disruptions are happening everywhere now , and incumbents are being caught off-guard . The taxi industry was , with the arrival of Uber and Ola . The entertainment industry was , by Netflix and Apple ( which makes billions through music distribution ) . And a single technology company , Tesla , is shaking up the automobile industry with its electric cars and the energy industry with its batteries and solar panels . I 'm sure Google and Microsoft never imagined that an online retailer , Amazon , would dominate the cloud services market and become their strongest competitor . This ability of a company in one industry to dominate another industry is the nature of the new threat.The problem for the incumbent market leaders is that they are not ready for this disruption ; many are in denial . Look at the shockwaves that the retrenchments in the Indian IT industry are generating . The writing has been on the wall for several years to indicate that the Western markets are changing and that large IT outsourcing contracts are disappearing along with the mainframe computers they supported ; yet IT executives failed to turn their ships around . They are now in a state of panic because they wasted years in transforming their companies.Corporate executives tend to believe that their past successes mean they can succeed in the future ; that old business models can support new products.Large companies are usually organised into divisions and functional silos , each with its own product development , sales , marketing , customer-support , and finance functions . Each division acts in self-interest and focuses on its own success ; it is a fortress that protects its ideas , and it has its own leadership and culture . Too often , the divisions of a company consider their competitors to be other divisions ; they ca n't envisage new industries or see the threat that may be imminent from other industries.This is why the majority of today 's leading companies are likely to go the way of Blockbuster , Motorola , and Kodak , all of which were at the top of their game until their markets were disrupted , sending them toward oblivion.With disruption comes opportunity . The advancing technologies are creating opportunities in everything from improving decision-making with AI , to using sensors to create smart cities and medical devices , to creating robotic manufacturing plants , to fine-tuning agriculture with data and sensors . If Indian executives were to start pursuing these opportunities , they could create new billion-dollar industries and lead the world . I worry that they are instead remaining as complacent as the Japanese and Koreans were at their peak .
Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is a leading contender to be President-elect Donald Trump 's commerce secretary , an official familiar with the transition process told CNN .
Ross , 78 , a renowned distressed debt investor , met with Trump Sunday at the New York billionaire 's Bedminster , New Jersey golf course . Trump , asked before the meeting if he was considering Ross for the position , told reporters : `` That 's what we 're looking for . ''
The commerce secretary , a cabinet-level position that requires Senate confirmation , typically serves as the government 's chief business advocate . The commerce secretary is a liaison between companies and the White House .
The official cautioned that no final decision had been made , but made clear that Ross is , at this point , is being considered very seriously .
Related : Unprecedented potential conflicts for President-elect Trump
Asked by CNN if he wanted a role in a Trump administration as he was leaving Sunday , Ross would only say he and Trump had `` a great conversation . ''
For Trump , Ross fits the mold of the type of administration officials he pledged to appoint during the campaign : businessmen with long resumes and billions in their bank accounts , sitting at the ready to negotiate for U.S . Interests around the world .
Ross , 78 , had been a vocal Trump supporter before the election , citing the need for a `` more radical , new approach to government '' that would help middle class and lower middle class Americans .
Ross , chairman of WL Ross & Co. , has made a career of resurrecting dying companies . Fittingly , some of Ross 's biggest hits have been in the same demoralized industries that Trump wants to revive : steel and coal .
For instance , Ross 's firm scored huge returns last decade by cobbling together bankrupt steelmakers including Bethlehem Steel to form International Steel Group . Ross then flipped the conglomerate in a $ 4.5 billion sale two years later .
Ross , a New Jersey native , has amassed a fortune that Forbes estimates is worth nearly $ 3 billion . He 's used some of that money to build up an impressive art collection worth a reported $ 150 million .
Like Trump , who famously called himself the `` king of debt , '' Ross is not afraid to borrow money . Ross frequently used debt to finance his acquisitions , a trend known as leveraged buyouts .
Carl Icahn , another billionaire backer of Trump , said on Twitter before the announcement that Ross is one of the `` smartest people I know '' and would be a `` great '' choice to lead the Commerce Department .
1/2 Spoke to @ realDonaldTrump . Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are being considered for Treasury and Commerce . Both would be great choices . — Carl Icahn ( @ Carl_C_Icahn ) November 15 , 2016
2/2 Both are good friends of mine but , more importantly , they are two of the smartest people I know . — Carl Icahn ( @ Carl_C_Icahn ) November 15 , 2016
Should Ross be chosen , he would take over for Penny Pritzker , who has held the role for President Obama since 2013 . And his policies would likely represent a 180-degree departure from Pritzker 's commerce department .
Pritzker strongly supported free trade , traveling to 38 countries over her tenure . She advocated clean energy partnerships and the Trans Pacific Partnership deal , both of which Donald Trump campaigned hard against .
Ross , meanwhile , has been a vocal critic of free trade deals .
`` Free trade is like free lunch : There is no free lunch , '' Ross told Lou Dobbs of Fox Business in August . `` Somebody wins and somebody loses . And unfortunately , we 've been losing with these stupid agreements that we 've made . ''
Whoever is chosen as commerce secretary will likely continue many of the policies that Pritzker and the Obama administration held dear . Pritzker supported public-private partnerships to build up the American manufacturing industries . Many businesses -- notably Ford -- have recently opted to keep some of their plants open in the United States as a result of those initiatives .
The new secretary would also oversee the 2020 national census . The next census will be critical for understanding the scope of poverty and underserved communities across the country . The census will also serve as the basis for adjusting the number of of electoral districts in each state , as well as the number of votes each state receives in the electoral college .
-- CNNMoney 's Jill Disis and David Goldman contributed to this story .
Dec 16 , 2013 by MARCO TORRES Widespread Contaminants in Drinking Water Across U.S .
Protecting public health should n't be this hard . When it comes to chemical safety , Congress should shift the burden of proof from regulators to manufacturers . A recent survey conducted by researchers at the U.S . Geographic Survey ( USGS ) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) found traces of 18 unregulated chemicals in drinking water from more than one third of U.S. water utilities . Of the 21 total chemicals found , researchers discovered among them 11 perfluorinated chemicals , an herbicide , two solvents , caffeine , an antibacterial chemical , a metal and an antidepressant .
Preliminary findings were presented by scientists at an annual toxicology conference held by the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry last month in Nashville .
Only 91 contaminants are regulated by the Safe Drinking Water Act , yet more than 80,000 chemicals are used within the United States , according to EPA estimates . Government and independent scientists have scrutinized thousands of those chemicals in recent decades , and identified hundreds associated with a risk of cancer and other diseases at small concentrations in drinking water .
Regulated chemicals such as fluoride have been added to drinking water supplies for decades without any regard to long-term health . The fluoride added to 90 % of drinking water is hydrofluoric acid which is a compound of fluorine that is a chemical byproduct of aluminum , steel , cement , phosphate , and nuclear weapons manufacturing .
According to a study , 50 chemicals capable of interfering with hormones is permitted in packaging in the United States and the European Union .
The American Chemistry Council significantly ramped up its lobbying efforts in 2012 , spending more than double its total for any quarter in recent history .
Federal researchers took samples from 25 U.S. utilities from around the nation who voluntarily participated in the study , providing samples of treated and untreated water . Disturbingly , 18 of the chemicals found are not regulated under the Safe Water Drinking Act , meaning utility companies are not required to treat , limit , or even monitor for their presence . Millions of Americans have been exposed since 2004 to drinking water that did not meet at least one commonly used government health guideline intended to help protect people from cancer or serious disease . “ The good news is the concentrations are generally pretty low , ” said USGS research hydrologist Dana Kolpin , PhD . to Environmental Health News . “ But , ” he continued “ there 's still the unknown . Are there long-term consequences of low-level exposure to these chemicals ? ” While there is a paucity of data on some of the contaminants , regulated chemicals such as atrazine , metolachlor , triclosan found in drinking water samples have been demonstrably linked to serious human and environmental health problems . Atrazine , for example , is used nationwide to kill broadleaf and grassy weeds , primarily in corn crops . It has been shown to be harmful to humans , mammals , and amphibians even when the amount used is less than the government allows . Atrazine is also associated with infertility , low birth weight , and abnormal infant development in humans . The chemical 's use is widespread , but for agriculture its use in concentrated in the Midwest farmbelt .
There are 700 new chemicals introduced into commerce each year in the United States alone . Many of these chemicals induce cancer and other diseases in the human body , yet every year there are more disease-causing chemicals carelessly approved to further pollute our environment and water supplies .
In addition to atrazine , triclosan , caffeine , metolachlor , perfluorooctanesulfonic acid ( PFOS ) , perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) , and nine other perfluorinated compounds , which are used in a variety of industrial processes including production of nonstick or stain resistant products , were found in the drinking water supply . 251 chemicals , bacteria , viruses , and microbes measured were also detected in drinking water of more than a third of the 25 utilities while 113 were found less than a third of the utilities . This study represents one of the few that documents how common emerging contaminants are in drinking water . Only four of the chemicals detected -- the metal strontium , the herbicide metolachlor , PFOS and PFOA -- are now on EPA 's list of chemicals under consideration for inclusion in drinking water standards . They plan to finalize their decision for at least five contaminants on the list sometime next year .
Drinking tap water contaminated with PFOA is a serious health risk . The highest measured levels of PFOA in human blood in the US , other than factory exposures , are in people who have consumed PFOA contaminated tap water in West Virginia and Ohio . These people had PFOA levels in their blood 100 times higher than the levels found in the water , and far higher than the average person in the US .
PFOA is linked to developmental toxicity , immunotoxicity , alterations in the hormonal levels , metabolic disturbances and an elevated risk of cancer .
“ We 're hoping through this work the EPA will do a much more intensive contaminant candidate list and develop new methods and requirements for drinking water plants , ” said USGS scientist Edward Furlong to Environmental Health News . Unfortunately , regulations that protect U.S. waterways from chemical contamination , including contamination from pesticides , have been attacked by industry groups and Congress . Under the Clean Water Act ( CWA ) , pesticide users who spray over waterways must have a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System ( NPDES ) permit . However , all that is required is to simply let authorities know what is sprayed and when it is sprayed , so that the public may know what chemicals are used in their waterways . There is no system of enforcement in place to prevent the pollution . Sources :
examiner.com
beyondpesticides.org
environmentalhealthnews.org
Marco Torres is a research specialist , writer and consumer advocate for healthy lifestyles . He holds degrees in Public Health and Environmental Science and is a professional speaker on topics such as disease prevention , environmental toxins and health policy .
First Fluoride , Now Lithium Soon To
Be Added To Your Drinking Water
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Reference Sources
A hacker has found a backdoor to wireless combination router/DSL modems that could allow an attacker to reset the router 's configuration and gain access to the administrative control panel . The attack , confirmed to work on several Linksys and Netgear DSL modems , exploits an open port accessible over the wireless local network .
The backdoor requires that the attacker be on the local network , so this is n't something that could be used to remotely attack DSL users . However , it could be used to commandeer a wireless access point and allow an attacker to get unfettered access to local network resources . Update : Vanderbeken reports some routers have the backdoor open to the Internet side as well , leaving them vulnerable to remote attack .
Eloi Vanderbeken described the backdoor in a PowerPoint posted with the code to Github . In his illustrated report , he explained how over the Christmas holiday he was trying to get access to the administrative console of his family 's Linksys WAG200G wireless DSL gateway wirelessly—mostly so he could limit how much bandwidth the others in the house were using . But Vanderbeken had previously turned off wireless access to the administration web console ( and had forgotten his administrative password ) .
Performing a scan , he found that the router responded to messages over an unusual TCP port number : 32764 . A search of the web found other Linksys and Netgear router owers had found the same service , but there was no documentation for what it did .
So Vanderbeken downloaded a copy of the Linksys firmware and commenced reverse-engineering the binary MIPS code . What he found was a simple interface that allowed him to send commands to the router without being authenticated as the administrator . On his first attempt to brute-force the interface , the router flipped its configuration back to factory settings , causing his family members to all lose Internet access at the same time .
After some additional testing , Vanderbecken found that the interface allowed him to execute a number of commands directly against the router , including a command-line shell . Using the commands he discovered , he was able to write a script that allowed him to turn wireless access to administration on and reset the web password , and published the script ( with his cartoon report on the backdoor ) to Github .
Soon , confirmations that the backdoor worked with other models of Linksys and Netgear wireless DSL modems came flooding in . A commenter on Hacker News noted that the backdoor might affect wireless routers with DSL modems from SerComm , which manufactured many of Linksys ' older DSL modems . A list of SerComm devices from various vendors matches up with the router-modems reported as vulnerable thus far .
CLOSE GoNorth Animal Transport Collaborative head north to Michigan for adoption .
Lily ( Photo : Rebecca Bailey )
Rebecca Bailey of Mount Clemens , Mich. , was n't looking to adopt a dog . Then she saw an old spaniel mix from Tennessee .
It was November 2013 . The photo of 11.5-year-old Lily was on the Michigan Humane Society website . The black spaniel-border collie mixed breed had gotten to Michigan three weeks earlier on transport from East Tennessee .
Lily had lived at the Blount County Animal Center in Maryville . But older dogs often have tougher time getting adopted . So she was moved to Michigan in an early GoNorth Animal Transport .
GoNorth is a collaborative of East Tennessee animal shelters that moves dogs and sometimes cats to states that include Michigan , Wisconsin and Ohio . Shelters there often need adoptable animals . In five years , GoNorth has transported more than 10,000 animals . Most of its dogs find homes in their new states in days or weeks .
More : East Tennessee dogs hitch rides north to find families , new lives
Bailey was searching the Michigan Humane Society website in hopes she 'd find the owner of a stray cat . The feline had taken residence under a shrub near her house ; she and husband Fred were feeding it .
No one was looking for the cat . But there was “ something about Lily , and her picture just spoke to me , ” Bailey said .
So they put their younger dog Scout in the car and drove an hour to meet Lily . “ We brought her home that night . ”
They also took in that homeless cat , now named Butter .
More : Saving dogs - and some cats - can mean sending them far away
Bailey 's an advocate of adopting senior pets . “ I do n't think they get enough of a shake . They already know anything they need to know ; you are just taking them in to love them . ''
Lily had some adjustment issues . She 'd never been around cats ; she first did n't like other animals around her food . The Baileys worked through the challenges . “ Lily was worth the extra effort . She still plays like a puppy , ” Bailey said .
Now 15 , Lily requires daily medicine for arthritis . The 35-pound canine 's got fatty tumors on her belly . She 's never liked toys but loves to run and play with Scout .
`` She 's lovely and loving and a great addition , '' Bailey said .
Read or Share this story : http : //knoxne.ws/2uPAcys
Warner Bros. and Monolith have revealed the enhancements coming to the Xbox One X version of Middle-earth : Shadow of War , including native 4K resolution with dynamic scaling , an increased level of detail , higher polygon counts , improved textures and all of the other usual performance-boosting bobbins you 'd expect .
You 'll be able to choose from two different modes - Favour Resolution or Favour Quality - which are fairly self-explanatory . Choose Favour Resolution and you can enjoy increased texture detail targeting native 4K , while opting for Favour Quality brings enhancements across the board .
These include increased texture detail , better draw distances , improved shadows and lighting , more vegetation , higher polygon counts , enhanced ambient occlusion and improvements to texture filtering . Whichever option you decide on , you 'll still be playing Shadow of War at some sort of lovely ramped up 4K resolution . Which is a good thing .
Middle-earth : Shadow of War 's Xbox One X enhancements will be available when the console launches on 7th November , as a free update . An optional 4K cinematics DLC will also roll out , bumping up Xbox One X 's 1080p cut-scenes to 4K ( obviously ) . Middle-earth : Shadow of War is out now and you 'll find our review here .
Create a law-abiding culture , the Delhi High Court has said while cautioning the Centre and the AAP government against issuance of pollution under control ( PUC ) certificates to polluting vehicles in the city .
A bench of Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice C Hari Shankar also expressed concern over the agencies failure to conduct `` random check '' on vehicular pollution in Delhi .
The bench said that it does not want any `` special drive '' to enforce pollution control rules for motor vehicles . `` We should strictly abide by the rules . We do not want a special drive , '' the bench said , adding that `` random check is only done during a special drive of vehicle rationing '' .
`` Create a culture that one should abide by the law , '' it added . `` The petitioner makes a serious complaint with regard to the vehicular pollution in Delhi as well as in the manner in which the certificates of compliance are issued . It is obvious that the same can be effectively regulated and ensured if the random checks were conducted in Delhi , '' the bench said .
To this Additional Delhi government Standing Counsel Gautam Narayan said that `` effective steps in this regard shall be commenced at the earliest '' .
The court was hearing a plea by NGO 'Campaign for People Participation in Development Planning ' , which alleges that the rise in vehicle-generated air pollution in Delhi was due to `` non-enforcement and non-implementation '' of the 1988 Motor Vehicle Act , which prescribes punishment for driving a
polluting vehicle .
The NGO 's counsel Anil Aggarwal claimed that pollution tests carried out at the checking centres were a `` sham '' and the PUC certificates were being `` casually issued '' with the knowledge of the government and its agencies .
It has also asked the AAP government to file a status report with regard to the averments made in the NGO 's plea within four weeks and listed the matter for further hearing on 31 October .
The NGO 's plea was filed in February 2016 when the second phase of the odd-even scheme road rationing was announced by the Delhi government , alleging that the government has `` maliciously misdirected themselves '' to cut the number of vehicles on road instead of enforcing pollution control rules . The petition has claimed that such action also `` impinges on fundamental rights of the people
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The historic stone carvings adorning the outer walls of the Air Canada Centre are going to pieces — literally . The Art Deco panels bring into vivid relief the icons of industrial progress and modernity — a train , steamship and airplane — as well as figures of early Canadiana , from mushers to voyageurs . But deterioration of the carvings , especially those sitting parallel to the Gardiner Expressway , has erased fine detail and given portions a porous , sponge-like appearance .
The historic stone bas-reliefs at the Air Canada Centre have been corroded by years of exposure to salt water runoff near the Gardiner Expressway . Mini-streams from salt water runoff — possible despite the thin overhang intended to divert water from dripping down — “ ate a line in his head , ” says Temporale . Gypsum powder , a byproduct of the sulfate , has absorbed more moisture and contributed to rot . ( Todd Korol / Toronto Star ) Calcium sulfate , which forms on limestone as a byproduct of acid rain , can combine with pollutants to turn surfaces into a blackened crust , trapping corrosive elements and “ suffocating ” the stone . ( Todd Korol / Toronto Star ) After more than 15 years of exposure , the windows and parts of the surface have been scoured away in the erosive microclimate surrounding the downtown stretch of the Gardiner Expressway . ( Todd Korol / Toronto Star ) Louis Temporale , Sr. , sculpted in the 1930s the iconic stone carvings that adorn the outer walls of the ACC - and that are now literally going to pieces . ( Courtesy Louis Temporale , Jr . )
Salt spray and carbon pollution from the Gardiner — metres away from the south façade — have gnawed away at the limestone panels , corroding the integrity of pieces chiseled by a preeminent 20th-century Canadian sculptor and protected under the Ontario Heritage Act . Documents obtained by the Star reveal a two-year back-and-forth between the city and site owner Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment ( MLSE ) . So far , that has produced no tangible protection measures for the bas-reliefs , parts of which can crumble at the swipe of a hand . “ The work 's ruined , ” says Louis Temporale , Jr. , son of the sculptor behind the 78-year-old artworks , Louis Temporale , Sr. , who died in 1994 . “ It has gone past the point of no return . ”
Article Continued Below
He says MLSE has shirked its duty to preserve the heritage pieces , adding the city should have pushed the sports giant harder in recent years . The younger Temporale re-carved and restored portions of the 35 panels in the late 1990s , shortly after the ACC property owners signed a conservation contract with the city . That heritage easement agreement from 1996 obliges the property owner to “ minimize the deterioration ” to the former Postal Delivery Building 's facades and protect them from “ damage from inclement weather. ” Toronto Heritage Preservation Services alerted the MLSE board of governors to the “ severely deteriorated state ” of the reliefs , an apparent breach of contract , in a letter dated June 14 , 2014 . Then-acting head of Heritage Mary MacDonald reminded them of their obligation to maintain the historic carvings . Since then , no protective covering , temporary or otherwise , has been installed . Narrow overhangs above the panels are “ not performing to keep rain off the artwork , ” wrote Toronto preservation co-ordinator Mary Pedersen in an email last month to MLSE , which encompasses TV stations , real estate and sports teams like the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors . “ We 've been working with Heritage Preservation Services since the first inquiry in 2014 to come up with both a short-term and a longer-term strategy for the protection of the carvings , ” ACC building operations director Bryan Leslie told the Star earlier this month .
Sean Fraser , director of programs and operations for the Ontario Heritage Trust , noted the sculptures — “ a touchstone for the past and something to inspire us in the future ” — are “ non-renewable. ” “ Like all cultural heritage , you get one chance to fix these things… Once you lose them , you lose them forever , ” he said .
Article Continued Below
The easement states the city can serve a notice to the site owner demanding specific “ remedies ” within a three-month timeline if the owner has “ neglected… its obligations. ” Despite MLSE 's pledge to implement a solution by February , progress on even temporary fixes seemed to snag on smaller points , like welded joints or “ flexible gaskets , ” recent emails suggest . Pedersen warned Leslie in an email Feb. 19 : “ ( I ) f the next set of drawings do not respond to my concerns , or at the very least provide an explanation for why they do not include my requested revisions , I will have to conclude ( and I am beginning to believe ) that you are not as committed to this task as I had hoped you would be. ” Macdonald expressed her frustration with the lack of progress as early as August 2015 . “ The winter is coming , ” she wrote in an email to Leslie , “ and we do not want these reliefs to be exposed to another freeze/thaw cycle. ” Leslie noted MLSE is working with an architectural firm in consultation with two conservators . “ It 's complicated because air circulation is critical , freeze-thaw conditions , the status of relative humidity… ” About two weeks ago , the city gave MLSE approval to test out a breathable protective wrapping , for possible implementation next winter , Leslie told the Star . MacDonald 's initial 2014 alert did prompt an “ emergency ” heritage assessment , penned by Temporale in May 2015 , offering a way forward : remove the panels from the wall ; chemically treat and desalinate them to strengthen the stone ; and restore and display them indoors along the PATH . Bronze replicas of the touched-up reliefs could be cast for display where the current slabs sit , Temporale suggested . A second survey by an architect and conservator recommended less comprehensive efforts . Installing a specialized , breathable cover for the panels in winter and scrubbing away “ pollutant grime ” each autumn would do the preservative trick , the December 2015 report stated . A permanent salt spray screen , light desalination and restoration were also suggested , at an estimated total cost of $ 365,000 to $ 600,000 , according to the survey . “ The stone matrix in regards to stability is gone , along with the artistic integrity , ” said Temporale . “ It 's like a patient is dying of a terminal illness , and they 're worried that he cut his finger . “ It 's too little , too late , ” he said .
Read more about :
We are delighted to reveal the first details about the improved infrastructure surrounding our League of Legends team going into the 2017 EU LCS Spring Split .
As we announced after the World Championship , G2 's management and the team agreed that it would be beneficial to the squad if the backroom staff was improved for the players to be better equipped to face the challenges ahead and to build on the regional success achieved throughout 2016 .
Joining the team as Assistant Coach is Alexey “ Sharkz ” Taranda , who hails from Belarus . Alexey spent nearly a year working as Head Coach for Vega Squadron , one of the strongest teams in the LCL region , with an appearance at IEM Gyeonggi , last month . He will be moving into G2 Esports ' gaming house , in Berlin , where he will work closely with Head Coach Joey “ YoungBuck ” Steltenpool and the rest of the G2 staff in all matters concerning the team .
Alexey gave the following statement about joining G2 Esports : “ I am grateful for the opportunity to be part of G2 ! I want to thank my former team Vega Squadron for letting me follow my dream , and also all the players there ! I wish them the best . I would also like to thank my parents for always being supportive of me . Today is the beginning of a new chapter in my life , and I can promise that 2017 will be insane for all the G2 LoL fans . I will do my best every day and bring nothing but positive energy to the gaming house ! ”
We are also happy to confirm that Christopher “ Duffman ” Duff will remain part of the staff as Head Analyst . Everyone on the team is extremely happy with Christopher 's work over the last year , and we strongly believe that he will continue to play an integral role when it comes to data analysis and opposition scouting .
Christopher had this to say about remaining with G2 heading into the new tournament season : “ I loved working with everyone involved in this organisation during a successful year . I am really excited to continue working alongside Joey , and I look forward to working with Alex in 2017 . I spent three weeks with the players before the EU LCS Summer playoffs and I saw first hand the talent they have and the effort they put into the team . I can not wait to see what we can achieve this season . ”
Christopher “ Duffman ” Duff with the team in the EU LCS Summer playoffs
Joey “ YoungBuck ” Steltenpool also commented on Alexey 's arrival and Christopher 's renewal , saying : “ I am very excited to go into 2017 with a tremendous upgrade in staff , first with the addition of Alex , who left a great impression during the application process . He showcased experience and vast life-coaching and game knowledge , which makes him a great addition who is capable of assisting in all aspects of coaching . We also re-signed Christopher , who delivered a tremendous amount of work last year as my right hand . In 2016 we spent a lot of time fine-tuning each other when it came to providing and interpreting statistics , combined with providing scouting reports , and now I could not ask for a better Head Analyst . ”
But there is more : in the coming days , we will unveil the final member of the team 's staff , and we can guarantee that the announcement will make waves in the scene . So keep checking our website and social media channels for all the latest developments about our League of Legends team .
There are 10 seconds left on the game clock , the game tied at 75 , and Charlie Moore cuts again into the paint . He 's had struggles scoring all night — all the Bears have — and as he spins toward the hoop , there are four hands from two red jerseys in his face . The true freshman seems to toss up a prayer — half shot and half what-the-hell — and his team and the Haas Pavilion alike prep for a dreaded 3rd overtime . But , out of nowhere , Jabari Bird soars in to grab the pass and slam it home , to complete the impromptu alley-oop , score his 10th point of the five minutes of double overtime and his career-high 26th overall , and give his team the hard-fought victory over Utah , 77-75 .
“ I got through the middle of the lane , and I saw him hard-cut , ” recalled Moore .
“ That lane opened up like the Red Sea , ” laughed Bird .
And a miracle of biblical proportions this Bears victory may have very well been .
Cal roared to an 8-0 lead just over two minutes in . The Bear defense held incredibly strong , especially inside , against a Utes team that simply could not rely on the three-point shot . And when Kameron Rooks backs down his man and scores , you know things are going Cal 's way .
Another Bear steal added to the lead , and further highlighted the inability of Utah to climb back from a sizable hole . There just comes a point where you need threes to survive in this conference , and Cal was able to exploit the Utes ' deep-shooting disablement . Cal forced nine total turnovers over the game 's first 12 minutes .
But sloppy play would allow not only three straight Utah buckets , but three straight Utah uncontested attacks at the rim , and beckoned Cal head coach Cuonzo Martin to burn a timeout up 30-24 . Moore would quiet the storm a bit with a jumper , and rise his own storm in Haas with a beautiful steal-lay-up combination that sent his team into halftime up , 34-26 .
Utah made great halftime adjustments , though , and began working the ball deeper into the paint and increased passing within a few feet of the rim to mistime the contests of the Cal bigs , and it worked well , leading to three straight inside buckets . The offense without Moore or Ivan Rabb in had just gone over four minutes without scoring to boot , and up only one point , Martin 's team was bleeding .
And as the game hung in the balance , it was , shortly put , time for the better team to prove itself . The ball was given to the youngest Bear , and Moore knifed inside as the game clock dipped below 10 seconds in regulation , and drew free throws to potentially take the lead .
The first was perfect — tie game . The second rimmed out . Off to overtime we go .
Still locked in a tie after over four minutes of overtime play , the Bears were bailed out by Bird , who hit a deep two-pointer with 22.5 seconds to go to put Cal up 62-60 . But the Bears squandered yet another opportunity with an airballed Stephen Domingo three , and let Utah score to force double overtime .
And when the team needed someone , ideally Rabb , to step up , it was instead Bird . The senior scored 10 points in the last 2:40 , hitting two threes before providing the dagger alley-oop jam . But while Cal left Haas victorious on this night , it still missed eight of 20 free throws , and let Utah hang around far too long . The Bears can celebrate a good win on their home floor , but will need to fix up their serious holes if they want such a prayer in the tournament . There will be no Exodus when the Ides of March are upon them .
Austin Isaacsohn covers men 's basketball . Contact him at [ email protected ] . Follow him on Twitter @ AustinIsaacsohn .
This article is about light reflected by Earth . For light generated in Earth 's atmosphere , see Airglow
During the crescent phase , the darker side of the Moon reflects indirect sunlight , reflected from Earth , while the other side reflects direct sunlight .
Earthlight is the diffuse reflection of sunlight reflected from Earth 's surface and clouds . Earthshine ( an example of planetshine ) , also known as the Moon 's ashen glow , is the dim illumination of the otherwise dark side of the Moon by this indirect sunlight . Earthlight on the Moon during the waxing crescent is called `` the old Moon in the new Moon 's arms '' , while that during the waning crescent is called `` the new Moon in the old Moon 's arms '' . [ citation needed ]
This phenomenon is most visible from Earth at night ( or astronomical twilight ) a few days before or after the day of new moon , [ 1 ] when the lunar phase is a thin crescent . On these nights , the entire lunar disk is both directly and indirectly sunlit , and is thus unevenly bright enough to see . Earthshine is most clearly seen after dusk during the waxing crescent ( in the western sky ) and before dawn during the waning crescent ( in the eastern sky ) .
The term earthlight would also be suitable for an observer on the Moon seeing Earth during the lunar night , or for an astronaut inside a spacecraft looking out the window . Arthur C. Clarke uses it in this sense in his novel Earthlight . The Oxford English Dictionary recognizes the word .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Collection AnimalLiberationOrchestra
Disc 1 - 45:09
01- Introduction > Speed of Dreams
02- There was a Time ( Fire Light )
03- Waiting for Jaden
04- Fire *
05- Fallen Dominoes
06- Maria >
07- I wan na Feel It
Disc 2 - 40:35
01- High Sierra Chat
02- Plastic Bubble #
03- Walls of Jericho @
04- Everyone wants to rule the world > ?
05- I love Music ^ >
06- BBQ
07- Outro
Notes
* w/ T Sisters
# w/ Dave Pelicaro
@ w/ Eric McFadden
^ w/ Michael Kang
Ezra Lipp on Percussion for entire show
FM Signal > Dipole Antenna > Magnum Dynalab FT101A FM Tuner > Sound Devices 744T ( 24/44.1 )
Hard Drive Transfer > Sound Forge ( normalize , trims , fades , a bit conversion ) > CD wave editor ( tracking ) > Traders littler Helper ( align on sector boundaries , flac )
Recorded by Cindy Hart
Mastered by Jon Hart
On 19th February 2013 , I appeared on the popular BBC 3 documetary series Sun , Sex and Suspicious Parents . The show averages over 1 million viewers per episode making it one of the most viewed digital shows on television . As a result of this , I have had a lot of feedback about my appearance on Twitter .
Overwhelmingly , the main thing I get asked is something along the lines of : “ How did you not know that you were on the show ? ” And this is the question I 'm going to address in this blog post .
Firsty , I have to say that me and my mates were n't completely oblivious to what we were letting ourselves in for .
Sometime in May 2012 , I applied for a BBC show called ‘ The Big Vacation ' . It offered the chance for 18-20 year olds to go abroad ( with flights and accomodation paid for ) and advertised it as a show where Britain would essentially compete against the rest of Europe to show who has the most fun abroad .
Due to SSSP being a show I was familiar with , and with my journalistic scepticism , I thought that Big Vacation was very likely to be SSSP . However the chance of a free holiday with three of my closest friends was one I could n't turn down . I also did n't imagine in a million years that I 'd actually get picked by the producers to appear on it anyway .
A few days after I sent my application form , I received a call from a casting producer . They spoke to me on the phone for over an hour and I gauged from their reaction to what I was saying and the fact the call was so long , that I 'd impressed them .
This was confirmed when I got a call back and they said they wanted to come to my house to film me and my friends so that they could show the commissioner what I was about .
A couple of weeks after they 'd been to my house , I got another call telling me that the commissioner loved us and that they wanted to send us to Ayia Napa in 12 days time . This was very short notice and none of us really could collect much spending money in that time so two of my original friends dropped out and luckily two others stepped in .
2 days before we were due to leave , they came and filmed the scenes with me , my mum and David at our house . These scenes are quite staged as they have to make a TV show and they have to exagerate how much my mother does for me , but the end result is essentially me , my mum and David acting to an extent .
I have to emphasise , the show is not completely staged but they are making a TV show at the end of the day . We get asked different questions , a few times over , dressed up differently each time until they get a response they are happy with . Then editing happens which alters how certain things can appear .
One thing that people do n't realise is that the camera crew are basically with us all the time , stay in the same hotel as us and basically become our friends by the end of the week . Also , myself and one of my other friends was fitted with a microphone pack at all times when we were out . As well as having security with us .
To be shown on the show , people have to sign a release form . If they do n't , then they can still be shown but with their face blurred out . Also , we were only allowed to film in certain clubs . Clubs such as Aqua were off limits and this is why we tended to go home earlier than we would have liked . We also get told when to move on from clubs and we had certain clubs we had to visit , if my mum was there watching for example . This could sound suspicious but it is quite easy to manipulate a drunken bunch of teenagers .
Something else that people did n't realise is that there were shootings on the first night and our security was upped because of this . Also when the girls got kicked out of there hotel and had to go to Paphos , there was talk of the whole show being cancelled . It also almost got cancelled as early as arriving at Larnaca airport . Our flight was delayed which meant we were roughly half an hour from being in the airport at the same time as my mum .
Finally , despite the abuse I have received for the episode on Twitter , I have received very good feedback as well and I am very happy I took part in the show . It was an amazing experience and although I 'm not delighted with the edit , I ca n't praise the crew we worked with highly enough as they were all fantastic .
Advertisements
Update : While I was writing , Dr. Krugman wrote : No deal . Definitely worth reading !
The underlying problem is that house prices are still too high and no one knows how much further prices will fall . The value of the troubled assets is dependent on future house prices ( note : house prices are the key factor for foreclosures and loss severity ) . Some people do n't seem to understand house prices will continue to fall , from the NY Times : But Will It Work ? ( hat tip Yal )
“ It 's easy to forget amid all the fancy stuff — credit derivatives , swaps — that the root cause of all this is declining house prices . If you can reverse that , then people start coming out of their foxholes and start putting their money in places they have been too afraid to put it . ”
Alan S. Blinder , Princeton economist , and former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , Sept 20 , 2008
This plan is n't intended to reverse the house price trend - and it should n't be intended for that purpose . The Paulson plan is intended to keep the banks lending to creditworthy borrowers . Other goals are to minimize the burden for taxpayers , and minimize moral hazard - but the primary goal is to keep the banks lending to minimize the impact of the credit crisis on the economy.There are private investors willing to buy these troubled assets right now , but the banks do not want to sell at those prices . Why ? Some banks believe the assets are worth more than the current bids ( it all depends on future house prices , and different banks and investors have different projections ) . And many banks are unwilling to accept the current bids because the banks would then be insolvent . See Professor Krugman 's : Doubts about the rescue and Uneasy feelings . Also , even solvent banks would probably have to recapitalize ( dilute shareholders ) or reduce lending if they sold at current bid prices.So how does the Treasury plan help ? It is n't clear yet . The first goal should be transparency of the troubled assets . What do the banks own , and what are the assets really worth ? Transparency is surprisingly difficult : each RMBS and CDOs - even within the same asset class and origination year - can have significantly different values depending on the orginator and other factors . If the Treasury conducts a reverse dutch auction on a broad asset class , they will probably end up with certain New Century and Bear Stearns deals that are basically worthless.To facilitate price discovery , it would probably be better to bid for individual mortgages from RMBS pools , but analyzing each mortgage would be a monumental task . We definitely do not want the Treasury to buy RMBS and CDOs at anywhere near the value on the bank 's books . Buying at those prices would help keep the banks lending , but it would also severely impact the taxpayers , it would be a transfer of wealth from the many to the few , and it would also encourage future excessive risk taking.So determining price will be difficult . And what happens if a price can be determined ? How does this help keep the banks lending ? As I noted when the plan was announced , buying impaired assets at a steep discount reduces regulatory capital as losses are realized , and therefore will lead to less lending unless the banks are recapitalized.Perhaps with a clean balance sheet , the banks can attract private capital ( with significant dilution of current shareholders ) . Or perhaps something similar to the Depression era Reconstruction Finance Corporation ( RFC ) can be part of the plan to invest capital in the banks.If an investment from the Government is required anyway , why bother buying the impaired assets ? First , a recognition phase with complete transparency . Have private investors bid on some assets to establish market prices ( some portion should be sold to the private investors to encourage bids ) , and then let the banks argue for their own valuations . Based on an analysis of these valuations , have the Treasury make an RFC type investment in the bank with a convertible debenture that would count as regulatory capital . This capital infusion would keep the banks lending ( the primary goal ) and the amount required would be far less than the amount needed to buy the troubled assets.If a bank can pay off the debentures with interest - possibly because the assets perform as the bank expects , or perhaps by bringing in private capital - then there would be no dilution from the debentures . Otherwise the debentures convert into preferred shares and significantly dilute the shareholders - and then the government can sell the shares on the public market . Ideally the debtholders would take a haircut too ( before the taxpayers ) , but that is probably too complicated . This alternative would keep the banks lending , minimize the cost to the taxpayers , and reduce moral hazard.Just my two cents as we wait for more details ... Best to all .
SPORTS
Loading the player ...
When you think of the epicenter of the world of darts there 's only one town you can start off in – Stoke-on-Trent . At its heart is Phil “ The Power ” Taylor . Here is a man that has single-handedly taken the sport by the scruff of the neck and made it his own at the same time the sport has undergone a move from smoky pubs to the all-seater arenas that number major cities across the UK and Ireland .
Taylor 's first title came in 1990 , two years after he became a professional with the British Darts Organization ( BDO ) . One more title followed in 1992 before Taylor joined all the previous BDO champions in creating the breakaway World Darts Corporation ( WDC ) – which eventually became the all-conquering Professional Darts Corporation ( PDC ) . The split was an acrimonious one with the BDO breakaway players from the world championship . Ever since the BDO has been shown to be the more unprofessional of the brands and has languished ever since .
The one-man arrows crusade began here as the Power took eight consecutive world crowns from 1995 to 2002 and another five in the preceding eight years . By now Barry Hearn , the sports promoting supremo , had got his mitts on the sport and was single handedly transforming it into the chosen viewing of lads countrywide .
Darts becoming so big on UK shores has much to do with Hearn taking the product onto Sky Sports and turning into a professional organization . Packaged up as a lads evening out , the event is fuelled by a few thousand twenty-somethings chanting along to songs , cheering on their favorites whilst jeering and booing the pantomime villain – not usually Taylor we might add . Most fans spend the evening watching men throw stuff at a cork board whilst paraded to and from the stage with a couple of beauties that would n't look out of place as Ayre Heads .
Despite all this the pastime is n't one that has travelled abroad well and it 's unlikely to unless a push in the amount of people playing it is seen elsewhere . It 's no coincidence the world 's best players are from the UK – with an honorable mention for the Netherlands – reflecting the popularity and relative ease of playing it on British shores . The pub is often the centre of the community and with a dartboard at its heart it comes as no surprise the Brits are so good at it .
As for Taylor his place amongst the sport 's elite will never be questioned and the impact he has had will be felt for generations to come .
Comments
Washington State police say an Alberta trucker was responsible for hitting a steel beam precipitating a bridge collapse on one of the busiest routes in the American northwest .
William Scott , 41 , was driving an oversized load on the Interstate 5 bridge over the Skagit River when it struck the beam Thursday , said State Patrol Sgt . Kirk Rudeen .
Scott 's wife told CBC News that while his load clipped the bridge , he can not be held responsible for the collapse .
`` There was some speculation , '' said Cynthia Scott , from the couple 's home in Spruce Grove , just west of Edmonton .
`` There was [ a tiny bit of ] damage on a corner of [ his load ] and even if it did kind of clip it , it should n't have been able to take a whole bridge down . ''
Scott was driving the oversized load — a case shed for a drilling rig — behind a pilot truck on the busy highway which connects Seattle and the Canadian border , a route used by 77,000 commuters daily .
Officials are now warning motorists to avoid the area during the coming U.S. Memorial Day holiday weekend .
Scott said her husband did not know he had clipped the bridge .
`` It was falling apart behind him . He was looking in the mirror and it dropped out of sight . He just barely made it out , '' she told CBC News on Friday morning . `` It sounded like it was coming down on him . ''
Scott pulled off the road as quickly as he could , she said .
`` He was very scared for what happened , '' she said . `` His main concern was the people . ''
Two cars plunged 15 metres into the frigid , 4.5-metre-deep Skagit River , putting three in hospital . Police said it was miraculous nobody was killed .
Bridge listed as 'functionally obsolete '
Authorities investigating the cause of the collapse about 100 kilometres south of Vancouver say the semi hit a steel beam on the span , precipitating its collapse into the river .
The National Transportation Safety Board is now leading the investigation into the collapse , said Sgt . Rudeen .
`` They 're the engineering experts , they 're the people that understand bridges , '' he said . `` We do n't . ''
The bridge , built in 1955 , has been listed as `` functionally obsolete '' in a Federal Highway Administration database — a category meaning the design is outdated .
The company that owns the truck Scott was driving is sending people to Washington State , said Ed Scherbinski , vice president of operations for Mullen Trucking , near Calgary ..
`` We pride ourselves on being one of safest in North America , '' he said . `` We 're trying to get to bottom of it , just like everyone else . ''
Scherbinski said Scott has been with the company for about eight years and was `` well experienced on oversized equipment . ''
Scott had driven the Washington route many times and had all the necessary permits , Scherbinski said .
Scott was interviewed by State Patrol detectives and the patrol 's commercial vehicle enforcement bureau troopers until 2 a.m. Friday morning , his wife said .
`` He 's having a pretty rough go . ''
Developer CHackbart has converted the Minicraft game built by Notch ( the creator of the hugely popular MineCraft ) to Object Pascal . Minicraft was built for Ludum Dare # 22 in 48 hours and it is a 2D top down action game . The theme of the Ludum Dare # 22 competition was “ Alone ” . Wikipedia describes the goal of the game is to “ chop down trees , mine rocks , fight zombies , and build shelter. ” Notch built the game in Java and the source is available on Github . The original object pascal source by CHackbart supports FMX and has a VCL version as well . I took the FMX version and upgraded it to support Delphi XE8 Firemonkey . I have n't tested it on Android , IOS , or OSX but it compiles for Windows and does n't use any platform specific code . You should be able to deploy it to the other platforms with few if any changes . The source code should also compile in Appmethod .
Download the full object pascal Minicraft source code for Delphi XE8 Firemonkey .
If you do n't have FastMM for the VCL version you can get it here .
Please select your country : United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia ( 1945-1992 ) Denmark East Germany ( 1949-1990 ) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. ( 1922-1991 ) Yugoslavia ( 1945-1992 ) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user ?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Take up the tough job of a farmer in this most recent addition to the Harvest Moon franchise . Work through a long day of watering and planting crops , tending to animals and getting to know the villagers . Unlike past games in the series this one works on a chapter basis as you progress through the seasons.Various goals include marrying one of the village women ( or men in the upcoming for girls edition ) and having children to help you with your work as you get older . The gameplay and the abstract goals are similar to the GameCube game Animal Crossing
There are no promo images for this game
Alternate Titles
`` 牧場物語 ワンダフルライフ '' -- Japanese spelling
`` Bokujou Monogatari : Wonderful Life '' -- Japanese title
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
Forums
There are currently no topics for this game .
Trivia
There is no trivia on file for this game .
Related Web Sites
It was a moment worth celebrating – the discovery of a rare wolf pack in rural Northern California , including three pups .
But if you raise cattle – or maybe you 're a beef eater sympathetic to ranchers – it was reason for anxiety and resentment .
The California Department of Fish and Wildlife 's detection of a small wolf pack in Lassen County , announced Wednesday , set off another round of debate and finger-pointing between ranchers and environmentalists over the presence of wild predators in rural areas .
Ranchers such as Dave Cowley , who encountered a different wolf pack circling his herd of heifers in Siskiyou County two years ago , said Thursday that environmentalists and urban Californians do n't grasp the threat posed by wolves to their livelihoods .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“ It 's a lifetime of work , ” said Cowley , who was able to pull the heifers away from the wolves . “ To have a wolf pack come in and destroy it , and to have environmentalists cheer , it 's disappointing. ” He said he fears that the wolf population will continue to grow .
Fish and Wildlife announced that it fitted a tracking collar onto a 75-pound adult female wolf June 30 , and confirmed that the wolf and her mate produced at least three pups this year . Officials have been searching for the adults since last summer , when they were first spotted on camera .
The so-called Lassen Pack is the second known family of wolves found in Northern California in 90 years , following the discovery of the Shasta Pack in 2015 . Of special significance is that the father of the Lassen Pack pups is the son of OR7 , the lone wolf who became an international media sensation when he crossed from Oregon into Northern California in 2011 and wandered for years before returning to Oregon . OR7 was the first wolf seen in California in decades .
“ It 's a big deal because these wolves are making their way home , ” said Pamela Flick of the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife . “ This is natural habitat for them . ”
Ranchers say this is no homecoming , however . In a case filed by Sacramento 's Pacific Legal Foundation , the California Cattlemen 's Association and California Farm Bureau sued the California Fish and Game Commission earlier this year , challenging its decision to list the gray wolf as endangered under the state 's Endangered Species Act .
Their argument : The Endangered Species Act only applies to native species , not visitors from other states . Listing them as endangered makes it harder for ranchers to protect their livestock , the suit added .
“ You ca n't harass them , you ca n't shoot them , ” said rancher Pam Giacomini , who owns about 1,700 head of cattle in Lassen and Shasta counties . “ We 're probably OK managing around them , but if somebody becomes a killer , nobody has an answer . ”
Wolves lived in California until they were eradicated about a century ago , but a Department of Fish and Wildlife report says it 's hard to determine how large the population was . “ Their historical abundance and distribution are poorly understood and not verifiable , ” the report said . “ While there are many anecdotal reports of wolves in California , specimens were rarely preserved . ... Wolves were likely killed to control predation on other animals . Other factors , including hunting , may also have contributed to their extirpation from California . ”
The wolves ' presence feeds rural Californians ' frustration with state government , which they believe has little regard for their economic problems and way of life . Such resentments have helped fuel the State of Jefferson movement , which calls for Republican-leaning counties of Northern California to form their own state .
Commenting on The Sacramento Bee 's first story about the Lassen Pack discovery , one Facebook user wrote , “ I know I could use a nice rug. ” Two wrote , “ SSS , ” which is shorthand for “ Shoot , shovel , shut up . ”
Cowley , the rancher from Siskiyou County , said he thinks someone is deliberately planting the wolves in Northern California . He does n't know who .
“ These are expensive cow herds , ” he said . “ What have the wolves given us ? Why are these people so irrationally exuberant about this ? ”
Flick , however , said environmentalists do care about protecting livestock from wolves . She said Defenders of Wildlife has worked with rancher groups on “ coexistence strategies. ” Among other things , her group has received a grant to train ranch employees on how to look for wolf tracks , scat and other clues on their land .
“ We call them range riders , ” she said .
The status of wolves has become a point of friction in other states as well . The shooting of a rare white wolf on the north side of Yellowstone National Park in Montana in May became a national media story . Although hunting wolves is legal outside the park , the animals are protected when they 're inside the park boundaries .
Chicago cops are arresting about half the number of people for DUI as 10 years ago . View Full Caption Getty Images/file photo
CITY HALL — The number of people arrested for drunken driving is down by about half from a decade ago , a study by an advocacy group has found .
The Alliance Against Intoxicated Motorists released an annual statewide study last week showing that Chicago DUI arrests were down ever so slightly from 3,321 in 2014 to 3,315 last year .
But that 's down more than half from the high-water mark of 6,896 in 2005 , and throughout the 2000s Chicago DUI arrests hovered around 6,000 before beginning a steady decline in 2008 .
Bob Cebrzynski , president of the alliance 's board of directors , called it `` an encouraging sign , '' saying , `` Maybe public awareness over the last 20 years with 'Do n't Drink and Drive ' is finally hitting home .
`` Maybe Uber has something to do with it , '' he added . `` Maybe Lyft has something to do with it . ''
Police officials , however , say decades of common-sense advisories on the dangers of drinking and driving are finally sinking in .
Chicago Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said that for the last several years police and other agencies `` have been doing a lot to raise awareness on the dangers of drinking and driving . Between all of the federal campaigns like 'over the limit , under arrest ' and proactive enforcement from state and local police departments , I think people are much more aware of the dangers today than perhaps 10 years ago .
`` Also , I think the zero-tolerance approach has begun to resonate and thankfully we see much fewer tragedies . ''
Chicago Police have targeted given areas for enforcement , including roadside stops , in an effort to combat and discourage drunken driving .
At the same time , public-service campaigns have put the cost of defending a DUI charge at $ 10,000 and up , a powerful deterrent on top of the stigma and the simple danger involved in getting caught driving drunk .
The suburban-based alliance generally cheers DUI arrest numbers , insisting `` DUI arrests and other law-enforcement efforts are the most significant deterrents to impaired driving . ''
And Cebrzynski applauded that as well , pointing out six of the 10 Illinois police officers with the most DUI arrests were in the Chicago Police Department , with Lakeview 's Town Hall District especially active .
`` There are guys and ladies out there really working their tails off , '' Cebrzynski said .
And the group acknowledged that social attitudes on drunken driving are evolving as well .
`` Over the last three decades , progress has been made to help eliminate the devastation caused by impaired driving in Illinois . While frustratingly slow , many lives have been saved , '' said Rita Kreslin , the group 's executive director . `` Focused efforts and cooperation of law-enforcement agencies , traffic-safety advocates and communities have helped to prevent crashes and save thousands of lives . ''
Chicago DUI arrests have steadily declined : 3,395 in 2013 , down significantly from the 2000s , when the Police Department charged 4,341 in 2009 , 5,262 in 2008 and 6,257 in 2007 .
The alliance is an Illinois activist group founded in 1982 by victims of drunken driving . Cebrzynski himself lost a daughter to a drunken driver . It 's been charged by the state to conduct the study through an Illinois Department of Transportation grant for 26 years .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
It 's been almost a month since the biggest match in League of Legends history . At the Bird 's Nest in Beijing , China , Samsung Galaxy upended defending winner SK Telecom T1 in front of over 40,000 fans . Millions around the world tuned in to watch the final . International superstar Jay Chou and American rock band Against the Current performed the tournament 's theme song `` Legends Never Die . '' A crew of dancers flanked from the sidelines to put on a true spectacle . A giant-sized replica of the Summoner 's Cup erupted from underneath the stage and prompted a CGI dragon to swoop into the Coliseum . From top to bottom , it was the most polished esports has ever been , the casters in their finest outfits , a sea of fans behind them , reinforcing how far League of Legends and competitive gaming as a whole have come in the past decade .
In Missouri , there is no extensive production crew . Tyler `` Tyler1 '' Steinkamp , in front of a green screen , jumps out to greet his viewers on Twitch . Wearing a suit with the sleeves cut off , he welcomes the growing number of fans to the final of his own tournament , the Tyler1 Championship Series , where the winner will walk away with $ 10,000 .
Over the next five minutes , he interviews his younger brother -- who 's dressed in TSM gear -- sings the national anthem , and even has his own CGI dragon interrupt the opening festivities . The numbers keep growing , and by the time the best-of-three finals even begin , the live viewer count is nearing 200,000 , a number unreachable for most esports tournaments , even ones backed by multimillion-dollar companies and sponsorships .
The Tyler1 Championship Series does n't have any other sponsor besides Tyler1 's own website , where he sells personalized merchandise , including his very own protein powder `` Blood Rush , '' which is promoted throughout the final in short comedic commercials . The two teams playing in the final , Stream Dream Team ( formerly Delta Fox of the North American Challenger series ) and Team MLGB , despite being in the middle of a one-man show , are no jokes . Stream Dream Team is made up from some of the most decorated players in the NA LCS , and MLGB features young standouts from the region 's solo queue ladder looking to break into the professional scene .
Over the next three hours , the two teams would play a back-and-forth series , with the youngsters prevailing over the veterans in the end . In the postgame interview wrap-up , Tyler1 has to cut off the broadcast prematurely due to his Discord not working . MLGB , the winners , new to being interviewed , do not have much to say . The show ends with the host dancing in front of his various green-screen backdrops , throwing glitter into the air , and bemoaning how the two seconds of celebration was not worth the cleanup he 'd have to do later .
It was n't polished . It fell off the rails , got back on at times , and then careened off the mountain . It ended with the winners sounding like they could n't care less in the world , the host blaming Discord for not working , and then telling his fans that he 'll `` see them around '' whenever he feels like streaming next . At the same time , it was humorous and a breath of fresh air from the norm . While what Riot Games has done over the past half-decade is incredible , taking its competition from dingy corners at conventions to some of the biggest sporting venues in the world , it 's also left behind some of the magic that made people fall in love with the game and the competitive scene in the first place .
The TCS functioned as a parody of the LCS and as a legitimate amateur tournament with a sizable prize pool at the same time . If you tune into a Riot broadcast now , you know what to expect : well-spoken analysts , clean graphics , fans chanting `` T-S-M ! '' and a South Korean team winning in the end . There are no loose ends . Riot has tightened its broadcast so well it can cater to a new fan just as well as to someone who has been watching before the LCS even existed .
That 's why we need tournaments like the TCS . We need off-the-cuff casting at times . Tyler1 , who is indefinitely banned from the game for past transgressions , could n't even spectate the banning phase due to his inability to log into the client . When he was rightfully banned over a year ago for negatively affecting games , trolling , and getting a laundry list of accounts banned , he could have given up his career of streaming and moved on . Instead , the TCS has been a culmination of his attempt to change his identity , allowing amateurs from a team like MLGB to get their name out to a viewer base larger than most regular-season weeks of the LCS . Tyler1 recently announced that Riot Games would take another look at his case in 2018 ; if his probationary accounts are cleared of wrongdoing , his suspension could be lifted .
Esports is changing at a rapid pace , and companies like Riot and Blizzard need to keep up with it . In turn , we get to see things like the Overwatch League , a new Blizzard Arena in Los Angeles , and finals hosted all across the world in state-of-the-art arenas . But sometimes people do n't want that . They want a guy in front of a green screen , wearing a long blond wig , singing the national anthem like it 's a third-grade talent show that was put on without a supervisor .
I 'm not saying we should long for the days of the past , where players barely got by and had to have side jobs to even travel to tournaments .
I 'm saying that once in a while it 's OK to roll up ( or cut off ) your sleeves , not worry about everything being perfect , and revel in the rough edges that made many fall in love with competitive video games to begin with .
At the end of the stream , Tyler1 announced TCS would become an annual competition . I for one will be watching , and with a viewership that maxed out at over 200,000 -- including various Riot casters , professional players and even owners of the new NA LCS franchises -- I know I wo n't be the only one .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 23/5/2013 ( 2104 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Mayor Sam Katz said he has known for months a plan to lease four city golf courses to a private management firm was doomed to fail at council .
`` We all knew that you would n't get the two-thirds vote , '' said Katz . `` Two weeks ago I could have told you the votes were not there . Two months ago I could have told you the votes were not there . ''
That raises the question why Katz and Coun . Russ Wyatt spent $ 90,000 on the Responsible Winnipeg ad campaign promoting the plan to sell John Blumberg Golf Course and hire an Ontario-based firm to operate four other courses . The campaign , which was condemned as a waste of taxpayers ' money by several city hall politicians , initially asked Winnipeggers to lobby their councillors to approve the plan .
Katz said the ads were meant to ensure Winnipeggers had all the facts , and to counter an anti-privatization campaign launched by CUPE , the union that represents many city workers .
It 's basically impossible to illustrate a story about statistics with anything other than weird 90s business stock–imagery . This one 's called
In this world of competing and confusing numbers , More or Less , a statistics show hosted by Tim Harford , is a small oasis of mathematical rigor in a sea of endless numerical bullshit .
Here 's a good example of what they do well . Recently they looked at the issue of shared parental leave . A year ago , the law changed on maternity and paternity leave in the UK to allow eligible couples to share parental leave between partners . This was a big policy for the government , and a year on a survey was conducted to find out how many fathers had taken up the option . Here 's how the Telegraph reported it :
`` On the first anniversary of a revolutionary policy that gives men the opportunity to care full time for their new baby , a new study reveals that just 1 % of men have so far taken up the opportunity to do so ... reasons for the reluctance include it being 'financially unworkable ' , ' a lack of awareness , ' and 'women ( 55 % ) refusing to share their maternity leave . ' ''
The Guardian , BBC News , and others reported the story in much the same way . But when the staff at More or Less looked into the story , they found the survey was conducted in a way that is close to insanity . It turned out that it was n't 1 percent of new fathers who were eligible for shared parental leave who took it , but 1 percent of all men in the workforce , whether they had fathered a child in the past year or not . They found that even if every man who was eligible for shared parental leave had taken it , that overall figure would only have been 5 percent .
All of this is more relevant now than ever before , because most news operations are 24-hour rolling cycles , where press releases , particularly those from official-sounding bodies , may be posted unchecked . The shared parental-leave story ended up being analyzed by politicians and comment writers , and everything they were saying was based on utter , utter bullshit . And that 's just traditional news sources . Increasingly , we are getting our information from Facebook memes and social media , and those statistics are even less verified .
More or Less , as well as doing some more whimsical stuff like `` How long would it take to ride to the moon on a number 8 bus ? `` , delves into the statistics that are bandied about by newspapers and politicians and tries to find out where they come from . I spoke to its host , statistics bad boy and Financial Times writer Tim Harford , to find out what we should be looking for when we see stats in the news .
VICE : The word `` statistics '' has a bad reputation . They are often seen as the most boring part of a news story . Why should we care about them ?
Tim : Statistics are a very important way of understanding the world . There are sixty to sixty-five million people in the UK . There are seven billion people in the world . You ca n't get a picture of what 's happening purely by anecdote . You need to see what the numbers actually say—whether you 're trying to understand the doctors strike , inequality , health stories , the financial crisis , environmental change , anything really . Statistics will tell you things you ca n't learn any other way . One of the things that we do on More or Less is to ask quite simple questions that other people could ask but do n't .
This one is called `` Silhouettes Businessmen Man Woman Businessman '' via .
OK , so when you see a news story with a lot of statistics in , what are the sort of things that might raise a red flag ?
I think there 's a basic reality check you can do on most statistical claims . You can just ask : Does that sound reasonable ? For example , somebody was tweeting me saying , `` Apparently we throw away millions of disposable coffee cups every day , can this be true ? '' And I figured , well , I do n't go out and count them personally , but even if it were six million , that would mean that ten percent of the population throws away a disposable coffee cup every day . Is it likely that ten percent of the population goes to Starbucks , buys a coffee , and then throws it away ? Yeah , that sounds about right .
When I replied , she said , `` Well that 's a shocking waste . '' I thought , But is it ? A lot of things times sixty million are going to seem like big numbers . It 's not that difficult .
So are there certain big numbers , like the number of adults in the UK or the total UK public spending , that are worth keeping in our heads , so when we see stories that have big numbers in , we can provide some context ?
The thing is , it 's not very hard to check . A lot of this stuff you can find really quickly . If you 've got Google , you can often find a proper fact-check of a claim that you doubt quite quickly from organizations that devote themselves to independent fact-checking , such as Full Fact . Or Snopes , who look at urban myths , the sort of statistics you might see on Facebook .
What does a statistical urban myth look like ?
Well , for example , with the EU referendum , there 's one going around saying that the EU has a twenty-seven thousand word memos on the regulation of cabbages , as a way of showing that it 's a big unnecessary bureaucracy . And Snopes very simply lays it out and explains that story started in America in the 1940s and has been doing the rounds ever since . It 's never been true .
If all this information is widely available , why do you think we are still misled by statistics in news stories ?
I think we instinctively reject the statistics that were made by people we perceive to be political opponents , and accept the ones that chime with our view of the world . I saw a graphic on Instagram , I think it was from the Washington Post , which should know better , and it was about support for some aspect of gay rights . I ca n't remember the details , but it was showing that support for gay marriage is increasing in the US . And for me , that 's wonderful news , I 'm very pro-gay rights , so I just retweeted that . Then someone replied and said , `` Have you seen the axis on that graph ? '' I looked , and the first two dots were twenty years apart . Then the next dot was two years further on . It was just a very dodgy graph . I had n't checked . It would have taken about five seconds for me to have a proper look at that graph , but I just retweeted it , because it said something that I emotionally responded to , and that 's just what we do .
Bullshit circulates at a higher velocity than it 's ever circulated before .
Is the amount of statistics available on the internet a problem ? Even when you have very good sources , it sometimes feels as if you get competing facts . That wealth of information can sometimes feel as though it 's having a negative impact on trying to find the truth .
I think as with anything , the internet makes it very easy to drown in low quality noise if you 're not careful , but it also makes it easier than ever to find high quality analysis . It used to be quite hard to find out things like development trends—what 's happening to child mortality , for example—but now you can just click and download the data . You can see academics in the area blogging and analyzing . It 's much easier to get really good , solid analysis than it ever was , but obviously bullshit circulates at a higher velocity than it 's ever circulated before .
This one does n't have a name , but I 'm going to call it `` Those Trends Are HUGE '' via .
In terms of the years you 've been doing the show , are there particular cases where statistics have been incredibly misleading that stick out to you ?
In health and nutrition journalism , you see single studies given a lot of prominence , when in most cases there will have been hundreds of studies , and some new study does n't overturn all the studies that have already been done . So often you 'll see the new study reported as a sudden new truth .
In the field of politics , I think the issue is that often politicians are very good at making statements that are true but not helpful , or are a bit misleading . There 's a situation where one side of the debate is yelling this not very useful number , people on the other side of the debate are rejecting it out of hand , and the fact-checker in the middle is in a tricky situation because the details are a bit complicated and weigh people down .
What if we want to be that fact-checker ? What should we ask ?
OK , so first , if you 've been given a number , just ask : compared to what ? What was it last year , what was it five years ago , what was it ten years ago ? What was it under a previous government ? What is it in other countries ? Is it going up or down ? Does it go up and down all the time ? So just a bit of context .
The second thing is—what does the statistic actually refer to ? If you see a claim that inequality is up , there are lots of things you could be unequal about , notably : wealth , income , consumption . It can be measured in different ways . You can measure the share of the top 1 percent , or you can measure something called the GE coefficient . There are lots of different ways of doing it , so just ask yourself when this claim is being made , what is actually being said .
A couple of weeks ago you looked at the Oxfam report on wealth , which said just sixty-two people have an equal level of wealth to the poorest half of the world . But you said wealth might not be a very useful figure here , because someone on a $ 1 a day actually has more wealth than a banker in millions of dollars of debt .
Wealth tells you a lot about the people with a lot of wealth , but not about people with not much wealth . Levels of income can tell you more , and there 's an argument that says levels of consumption are even more informative . Let 's say you 're a banker , you have a good income , you decide to switch firms , and you 're put on garden leave for a year , so you 've got no income . How do you spot that , statistically ? Well actually it 's very easy : look at consumption . If someone 's spending lots , then he or she is comfortably off , even if his or her actual income is low temporarily . So for that reason , the IFS , in a lot of its work , will look at consumption rather than income . There 's no single right way to measure any of this , but there 's always a gap between , for example , an academic trying to understand the world , and a campaigning organization that is not trying to understand the world but tell a message or sell their brand .
I feel like we should talk a little bit about the EU referendum , because it feels so much like a statistics referendum , particularly for the Remain campaign . Can you actually work out whether or not Britain will be worse off out of the EU ?
I would n't take any particular number too seriously . For example , the Treasury says each household will be £4,300 [ $ 6,300 ] better off if we stay in , and I question figures like that . The Leave campaign points to the fact that trade with China is growing by half , and it says the future is China . But hang on , context . How big is trade with China ? It turns out that we still do n't trade that much with China compared with the EU . It is increasing very rapidly , but our trade relationship with the EU is vastly bigger than with China . Which is not surprising , but just understanding that sort of thing helps you understand the decision involved .
Or EU membership fees—how much do we pay ? How much is that per person ? I lose track because I 've debunked so many false claims . The answer is basically that it 's not a huge number , but it 's not small either . But you need to understand that there are a lot of situations where if we left the EU , we would still have to pay some of that money : Switzerland has to pay some of that money , and Norway has to pay some of that money . They 're outside the EU , but they have to pay these fees , and that 's for access to a single market . This sort of thing is not going to tell anybody which way to vote , but it provides some context , and I think context is very important .
Listen to More Or Less on the Radio 4 Website
Tim 's latest book , The Undercover Economist Strikes Back , is out now .
`` Statistics , Transparency , Company '' via .
This is why most Floridians do n't walk their dogs near a lake : you just never know when an alligator is lurking nearby , ready to lunge at something smaller .
But alligators will also attack each other , usually over territory . One such instance of gator-on-gator violence was captured in stunning photos by Tampa amateur photographer Neil A. Furlong , who witnessed a bull gator -- a large , dominant male -- utterly destroy a smaller alligator estimated to be about eight feet long .
`` Monster Gator ! ! ! '' Furlong posted on Facebook , explaining that after the bull gator chomped the smaller one in two , it then slammed the bottom half of the carcass against the water to rip out a piece of meat . The resulting photos look something like the world 's goriest wrestling match :
`` My heart was pumping when I got through taking these photos , '' he said .
Furlong had been photographing birds at the Circle B Bar Reserve , a former cattle ranch turned wildlife-filled nature preserve , when he heard a splash and turned his camera to the water .
`` The sun was n't the best , and I had almost given up for the day , '' he explained . `` I knew that the gator had gotten something . So I just focused on the head of the alligator and just kind of sat there and waited . I still did n't know what I had captured ... I looked on the LCD screen , and all I can tell you is when I actually saw it , it was one of those moments -- although being a [ relatively new ] photographer , I knew I had captured something you do n't see very often . ''
He later showed the images to his nephew , an alligator gator hunter , who estimated that the bull was between 12 and 14 feet and the smaller gator around eight , as only the smaller gator 's bottom half is seen in the photos .
This guest post by Chris “ Foreign Monkey ” Bewley first appeared as a four-part series , which started on May 25 , 2011 as Spoiled and Confused — China 's new urban generation – Part 1
Chris Bewley has taught English as a foreign language for the past 10 years all over the world , including Japan , Korea , Mexico and Brazil .
__________________________
When I first arrived in China as an English teacher , I had lofty scholastic goals : I wanted to try a creative variety of class activities and apply a broad spectrum of teaching methods that my students could benefit from to make them competitive in academia and , later , the international job market .
Almost 1 year later , my primary responsibility as a “ Foreign Expert English Instructor ” has been distilled down to little more than babysitting a bunch of spoiled , undisciplined children who for the most part want nothing to do with English .
At my crowded primary school in a small , semi-urban city in East China , there exists what I have coined the “ 20/20/20 ” split in each of my classes ( 60 kids per class ) : 20 eager/20 indifferent/20 bad . Basically , I 'm teaching 20 while trying to control 40 .
To make it fair for everyone , I have to dumb-it-down/ fun-it-up every class . Instead of actually teaching , I find myself playing games with them and jumping around for them like a monkey , which is the only way to retain their attention .
On the positive side , of the eager 20 , there are several extremely smart students who I expect one day to be quite successful in what ever they do . Unfortunately , whenever those eager 20 are trying to learn , the other naughty 40 will try just as hard to spoil it for them .
In the past year , I 've had only a handful of students ever raise their hand and ask ME a question about the English language . That 's 1,200 students/week x 30 weeks , which equals 36,000 ( thirty-six thousand ) chances for a student to raise a question , but only five ever have . On the rare occasion that my students do ask me questions , it 's usually regarding the price of my clothes or how much I get paid .
Criticism about my lessons that I have received from students , parents and Chinese teachers alike includes “ it 's too difficult ” , “ it 's not fun enough ” , “ there 's not enough participation/activity , ” but never have I ever heard that my classes are too easy , which in my opinion they most certainly are .
By now , I have figured out that English lessons in ( urban ) China are just a show ; a clown show ; a monkey show – starring myself as the foreign monkey .
For parents ' week last month , whilst dozens of “ concerned ” parents and school administrators observed my classes for 5 days in a row , rather than actually teach their children , I just played a bunch of silly games and sang some songs with them , and , guess what ? That made all the parents really , really happy !
Most recently , I found myself having to literally , physically , throw out my Chinese teaching assistant ( a recent college graduate with no classroom experience hired right off the street for a minimal salary ) to avoid a mutiny from within .
You see , she absolutely refused to discipline the rowdiest students , and did nothing to help control their deafening volume when I was trying to teach .
A quarter of China 's rural youth overweight !
When I approached her about this , her response was : “ you are not a real teacher ! ” I imagine that this assistant was once ( 11 years ago , to be precise ) a spoiled , indifferent primary school student herself ; how sadly ironic that at age 21 she still indentified with the students rather than with me , the teacher .
China 's universities are being touted with utilitarian promise , a promise that trickles down all the way to the elementary school level . The Chinese 's fear of poverty has undermined intellectual diversity ; plagiarism and cheating are rampant and go unpunished , reading books is not encouraged , greater importance has been placed on math than any other subject starting in the earliest years of child development , and there are no other languages other than English offered until university .
The
English “ industry ” in China is what I call “ C.O.O.C ” : completely out of control ! There is literally a new , privately run children 's English “ school ” popping up on every other corner every other week . Nor is it an industry that has grown in a healthy , steady way from its infantile beginning ; it is a product for infants in hyper-drive .
A perfect parallel to this is the car situation in China , which is also out of control .
I hate to say it because it has become an international cliché , but , truly , nobody in China knows how to drive or even park properly . Automobile ownership in China has , along with its economy , bloomed at an alarming rate in the past 5 years , resulting in massive congestion everywhere from the smallest towns to the largest cities .
It 's obvious that the people who own these cars use them primarily as status symbols rather than for necessity ; it rarely rains in my city and there are no hills , yet every single day , 6 times a day , hundreds of parents dropping off/picking up their children in new , black Audis will cause an hour-long gridlock directly
in front of my school rather than be seen walking or riding a bicycle .
Please do n't get me wrong , I am not a “ China-hater . ”
Colorful street life , extremely friendly people , great food , affordable massage parlors , a handful of good friends both Chinese and foreign , and a decent income have been sufficient to keep me reasonably comfortable .
But in the end , I have to ask myself : what am I here for ? Because it 's obvious that China does n't want me to actually teach anybody anything .
_____________________
Chris Bewley has taught English as a foreign language for the past 10 years all over the world , including Japan , Korea , Mexico and Brazil .
To subscribe to “ iLook China ” , look for the “ Subscribe ” button at the top of the screen in the menu bar , click on it then follow directions .
Advertisements
Share this : Reddit
More
Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
I 'd vote for Trump , the candidate , purely for the comedic value . Trump is like a train wreck . Not the kind where hundreds of people get hurt . No , Trump 's candidacy is like the train wreck in Green Eggs and Ham by Dr. Seuss––it just keeps getting more and more absurd as it careens down the mountainside and finally plunges off the cliff . It 's funny , even to a 3-year-old . In many ways , Trump is the ultimate comedic actor who never breaks character . We are all watching a mockumentary and I , for one , am not ready for the show to end quite yet .
I do n't live in Iowa or New Hampshire but if I did , I 'd vote for Trump right now . Do n't get me wrong ; I do n't believe he 'd make a good President . Quite the opposite .
( Jump to table of contents )
Thank you for being curious about what people think , something that the mainstream media has long forgotten about . The problem : you assume to know the reasons why people support Trump––that we believe he will be a more caring and responsible president with a lesser self-interest . Honestly , I do n't think there is a single person in the world who believes that about the Donald . Here are the reasons why we like Trump . First , some insight into how many of the people around me feel about the world and its recent history :
1 ) Bush : we learned that an administration can be careless , brutal , dishonest and deceptive to an extent no one would have thought possible . $ 10 trillion destroyed , 5000+ Americans killed , the American brand destroyed ; torture , lies and terrible people representing America . These people represented the Washington establishment , and created an atmosphere of total distrust in anything established . The poor and underprivileged felt cheated on and totally left behind ; the wealthy and educated watched in total disbelief how the layers of civilized discourse and governance where obliterated by incompetence , cronyism and evilness on an epic scale . The world went into shock , losing America as its first and last hope .
It was a––watch for it––DISASTER .
2 ) Obama : I supported Obama the first time , and reluctantly the second time . I think he saved America . BUT . Obama failed big time in overcoming the partisan divide . He put his cronies in charge . Worst of all , he appears weak . Like an intellectual . Intellectuals make simple things complicated , and FAIL in real life . Because while real life may be complicated , you create progress by making it simple . By getting things done . Stop thinking , start doing . Stop considering , make a decision .
Yes , go with your gut ( unless you are Bush , because your gut sucks ) .
3 ) The two parties : So basically , going with your gut failed ( Bush ) and going with your brain feels like a failure too ( Obama ) . That 's because the personnel , especially on the gut side , is just terrible . Absolutely terrible . Cruz ? Perry ? BUSH ? Palin ? Romney ? McCain ? Where do these people come from ? How can they happen ? On the Democratic side , Hillary Clinton might be a good person , maybe even a good president , but she is a terrible politician and so , so bad in talking to us . Just so bad .
IT 'S ALL SO BAD !
4 ) The media : CNN has catvideos on their homepage . MSNBC has followed FOX to become a blatant agenda-setting propaganda machine . Their pundits do n't serve the viewers , but their own personal agenda . It 's political correctness and propaganda all over the place . Listen , I have my beliefs . But I am annoyed at these people , even if they propagate my beliefs , because of the stupid , obnoxious way they do it .
Take pro-choice vs. pro-life , and the gay marriage debate . Where do I stand on these topics ? I am PRO STARTUPS . We need more entrepreneurs . We need more innovation . More growth . How is that related to pro-choice and gay marriage ? IT IS N'T . I DO N'T CARE . I AM NOT INTERESTED . STOP TALKING ABOUT IT ! We do n't care .
Gays can now marry , that 's fine with me . Abortion has been regulated for decades exactly how it should be regulated . It 's fine . It 's a non-issue . We have to stop talking about complete nonsense , and start talking about Making America Great Again . Oh , and every time the media tries to put him down , his polls will go up . Because everything Americans can do to show the media they are wrong , they will do at this point .
5 ) Trump : So here we are . That 's why I like Trump . Everytime I see another spineless , dumb , corrupt politician preparing for another failure ( representing it all : BUSH ) , I have to close my laptop . It 's so , so unbelievable and gross . Every time I see MSNBC and the NYT stuff their agendas down my throat , I have to throw up .
Fox ? I do n't even go there . Obama ? He has failed to make D.C. work . So there is Trump . Someone who finally , finally focuses on important topics . He says the obvious : illegal immigration is a disaster . Obamacare is very bad , but not for the reasons the right claims . Planned Parenthood is important for millions of young women , and defunding it is another GOP scandal . The Democrats suck so much he does n't even attack them . He says that ISIS can be destroyed by going for their oil and their Saudi backers . Umm ... that 's the most profound and smart thing I have heard in a long time .
He says we get ripped off by the Chinese and Mexican governments . Umm ... Yes . He says foreign policy is dealmaking , and he will force Putin , Iran etc . into submission , and they will be happy about it ( because it will be a good deal ) . Umm ... yes he is right . Of course , the pundits and academic elites are piling on how he has no idea about economics and foreign policy , and how he is a fraud that dumb people fall for .
Guess what ? They just called me dumb . Now here is the problem . The arrogance and ignorance––together , the dumbness––of these `` elites '' at the NYT , economics departments , etc . is the true source of misinterpretation of the Trump movement . We are not dumb . We are investment bankers , Silicon Valley entrepreneurs , rocket scientists . And yes , we might also be farmers , but farmers can actually also be quite smart .
But guess what . We believe YOU ( not you , Conor ) , are very , very dumb . If you are an established economist , you understand NOTHING about economics , and now everyone knows it . If you are the NYT , you printed fake evidence that led to a corrupt and bankrupting war . We believe you are very , very dumb , and should n't say anything , whatsoever . You lost ALL authority over the last 15 years . Most people around me could take on any NYT journalist or professor from whatever fancy school and destroy them––intellectually––on any stage , anytime . We laugh at these people , and we laugh when they are called `` elites '' . They are not elites , they are complete failures .
They have a poor understanding of the world we live in , they do not understand economics , they do not understand foreign policy . They respond by saying we are the angry , disenfranchised mob in the South and Midwest . The problem is that we are technology entrepreneurs and finance professionals in New York and Silicon Valley .
Many of us probably sit next door to you .
And every time you paint this picture , it strengthens our belief that you are so intellectually stuck and close-minded it 's not even worth talking to you anymore . If you think Trump , Carl Icahn and Steve Schwarzman are disenfranchised angry people who do n't understand economics or foreign policy , something is wrong with you .
All this ignorance is also why Bernie Sanders is so popular . And I bet there are more Bernie Sanders supporters who also like Trump than the `` experts '' think . I am one of them . My second choice would be Bernie Sanders . It is not hard to lead the U.S . The U.S. is an amazing country that has everything we need . All a president has to do is not to be a completely incompetent moron , do a deal here and there , and make sure the most obvious things get done . It is really , really easy . But for some reason , we ca n't get a candidate through the party system that is not a completely incompetent moron . And no , we do n't think Donald Trump is in it to help us .
Or anyone else other than himself .
But he has his pride . He truly wants to make America Great Again , the same way he wanted to make his company great . He is unlikely to fail as a president , because he does n't like to lose . It 's that simple . And I truly trust him with that . Also , gross cronyism requires a small mind . Someone with the grandesse of a Donald will not do little crony cheats . There are a series of different concerns I have based on his personality , but they all pale in comparison to many past presidents and the current options and I have to stop my rantings now . If you really read through all this , I am very impressed . Thanks for opening up a channel . If you write a piece that explains the Trump phenomenon accurately , you will be famous . Interview a bunch of ( diverse ) supporters , analyze who they are and why they support him .
It will help America .
AUSTIN — The state 's consumer protection division , working for then-Attorney General Greg Abbott , sought permission in May 2010 to pursue what it believed was a strong case to sue Donald Trump and Trump University for bilking Texas taxpayers out of more than $ 2.6 million .
four years later
But that lawsuit was never filed.Instead , the investigation Abbott had opened into the now-defunct real estate training program and Trump , now the presumptive Republican nominee for president , was dropped and Trump University agreed to cease operations in Texas.The former deputy director of Abbott 's Consumer Protection Division now alleges that the attorney general office 's decision to quash the lawsuit against Trump — later a major donor to Abbott 's campaign — was a political move that left Texas consumers “ high and dry. ” “ The decision not to sue him was political , ” John Owens told The Dallas Morning News . “ Had [ Trump ] not been involved in politics to the extent he was at the time , we would have gotten approval . Had he been just some other scam artist , we would have sued him. ” Abbott 's communications director , Matt Hirsch , responded to Owens ' allegations late Thursday , saying , `` The Texas Attorney General 's office investigated Trump U and its demands were met — Trump U was forced out of Texas and consumers were protected . It 's absurd to suggest any connection between a case that has been closed and a donation to Governor Abbott . `` According to internal documents provided to The News about the state 's investigation into Trump University , the consumer protection division filed a formal request May 6 , 2010 , to sue both Trump and his namesake real estate program . Five days later , it set out settlement options to help Texas taxpayers get back the more than $ 2.6 million they spent on seminars and materials , plus another $ 2.8 million in penalties and fees.Both requests were denied , an unusual decision , Owens says , that was made at the top of the agency. “ The refusal of the administration to do anything stunk , ” said Owens , a career state employee who worked under three attorneys general and received a commendation for having `` greatly contributed to the accomplishments of our office '' from Abbott upon his retirement in 2011. “ We routinely got approval to sue people . We routinely went after bogus schools that offered false diplomas , ” he added.Documents detailing internal discussions among Texas ' lawyers charged with protecting consumers shed new light after an Associated Press report that detailed how Abbott 's investigation into Trump University was “ quietly dropped ” in 2010 when the company agreed to cease operations in the Lone Star State . A few years later , the AP reported , Abbott received $ 35,000 in donations from the billionaire real estate mogul for his successful gubernatorial bid.The AP noted a similar set of circumstances surrounding Trump 's donations to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.Hundreds of Texans paid millions for useless information , some of which was n't even applicable to the Texas market , AG investigators wrote in 2010 . Such practices could get Trump University 's students in trouble with state regulators for practicing real estate without a license , the division learned during its investigation of Trump University.In their request to Deputy Attorney General David Morales to sue , investigators said they went undercover to attend seminars and also interviewed 20 to 30 consumers by telephone . `` The 'free workshops ' are merely a selling ground for the Defendant Trump U 's 3-day seminars and offer little useable content , '' investigators wrote . `` The training materials we have reviewed indicate that Trump University 3-day seminar attendees are taught to prey upon homeowners in financial turmoil and to target foreclosure properties . `` `` Consumers who pay for the 3-day course complain that they are taught little useable content , '' they added . `` Our review of the course materials reveals that the course teaches legally and ethically questionable real estate investment strategies and instructs 'students ' to target home sellers in financial turmoil . `` According to the documents , 267 Texans paid more than $ 425,000 to attend Trump University 's three-day seminar , 39 purchased Trump 's “ Gold Elite ” package of additional classes and other perks costing $ 35,000 each , and 150 others spent more than $ 826,000 on other goods and services. “ Defendants falsely assert at these 'free workshops ' that classes are approved continuing education credit for Realtors , '' the document states . “ But Trump University courses were not approved by the Texas Real Estate Commission , nor was Trump University an accredited institution with the legal credentials to call itself a `` university . `` What 's more , investigators said , Trump University had n't completed paperwork necessary to even do business in Texas.Investigators were scheduled to meet with Trump representatives on May 19 , 2010 , to pitch the $ 5.4 million settlement proposal . That meeting never took place , Owens said . Instead , the division received `` verbal notification '' that the investigation and the lawsuit were over .
To Save A Life , Odds Favor Defibrillators In Casinos
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lennox McLendon/AP Lennox McLendon/AP
If someone 's heart suddenly stops beating , a quick shock can be a lifesaver .
By the time a person can get to the hospital , though , it 's often too late . The chances of survival are best , in fact , if the shock is given within three minutes of a person 's collapse .
That 's why you see automated external defibrillators , or AEDs , in airports , schools and malls . Even someone with little or no training can use the devices , which only deliver a shock when they sense an abnormal rhythm .
But experienced first-responder or not , whoever is going to help the victim needs to have an AED close by when someone collapses .
Some Canadian researchers wondered are AEDs being put where they 're needed most ? The short answer is probably not .
Researchers compared the locations of AEDs registered with the local authorities in Toronto with cases of cardiac arrests that were n't related to trauma and that occurred outside hospitals . There were 608 cardiac arrests like that around Toronto during a four and a half year period ending in the middle of 2010 .
Turns out that the most likely place to have an AED is a school building — elementary , secondary or university . Nearly three-quarters of those locations had one .
But schools are n't hot spots for cardiac arrests . Over the course of a year , you 'd expect one cardiac arrest for every 264 elementary and secondary school locations , for instance .
Where 's the action ? You 'd find one cardiac arrest a year for every two race tracks and casinos . Same ratio for jails . The findings were just published online by the Annals of Emergency Medicine .
Those findings jibe with what 's already known . A famous scientific paper from back in 2000 showed that security personnel at Las Vegas casinos trained to use AEDs dramatically improved survival rates among patrons who collapsed from cardiac arrest . Casinos , at first reluctant , embraced AEDs with zeal .
`` The safest place in America to suffer sudden cardiac arrest is a casino , '' Bryan Bledsoe , an ER doctor told The Wall Street Journal in a 2006 story about the dramatic reduction in deaths from cardiac arrest on the Las Vegas Strip .
`` We want to turn the entire public setting into a casino , '' Dr. Steven Brooks , an ER doc at Queen 's University University in Kingston , Ontario , and lead author of the latest study tells Shots . `` We can move survival from 10 to 20 percent to 60 to 70 percent , if you 're in the perfect setting . ''
Putting defibrillators where the odds say they 'll be needed most would be a good start . Brooks says that good intentions drive the placement of many AEDs in the community . Rare but tragic events on sport fields , for instance , are one reason AEDs are being placed in schools , he says .
Brooks is n't opposed to AEDs in those places . There 's an educational benefit , for instance , for children who get used to seeing AEDs and who learn what they do . And the devices can save lives there when cardiac arrests occur .
But he says he 'd like to see data drive more decisions in the future . `` I 'm just saying that if we 're looking at the risk of cardiac arrest other places are underserved . ''
CLOSE USA Today Sports ' Tom Pelissero recaps the biggest takeaways from Sunday 's games in Week 6 of the NFL . USA TODAY Sports
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones looks on at training camp at the River Ridge Fields . ( Photo : Kirby Lee , USA TODAY Sports )
HOUSTON – When casino owner Steve Wynn got before the Nevada Legislature to talk about bringing the NFL to Las Vegas , he specifically said two influential owners had told him the league is on board – and at least one of those owners says Wynn was spot-on .
“ I would say , ‘ Amen , ' ” Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told reporters during the NFL meetings Tuesday . “ Steve is a valued friend and Sheldon ( Adelson ) is as well . I admire Jim ( Murren ) and what they do with MGM and I just admire what Nevada , Las Vegas is about .
“ It 's a compliment to the NFL that they 're considering supporting a team . And so , I think it 's a great opportunity for everybody concerned , and I 'm looking forward to the future . ”
Adelson , the CEO of Las Vegas Sands Corp. , has pledged $ 650 million toward the project , though details of the business deal Adelson is proposing have yet to emerge . Another of the many questions that must be answered as the league gathers information is the reliance on revenue streams tied to the gambling industry .
But the idea of putting a team in Sin City has support from the league , according to Wynn , who told legislators : “ Jerry Jones and ( New England Patriots owner ) Robert Kraft have told me the NFL is ready to do it . ”
Oakland Raiders owner Mark Davis declined to comment Tuesday in advance of a scheduled briefing Wednesday to update other owners on his team 's stadium situation .
“ Until then , I do n't want to say anything to you guys because I 'd rather tell them first , ” Davis said .
A lot of factors go into relocation , which would have to be approved by 24 of 32 owners . But at least the idea of the Las Vegas Raiders seems to have support from Jones , who was instrumental in the Rams getting to move from St. Louis to Los Angeles this year .
“ I think it 's a great matchup , and I 'm really impressed by the leadership … and I 'm impressed by the fact that financially the people that will be supporting Mark Davis ' effort to bring those Raiders there are as excited as they are about it , ” Jones said . “ That alone makes me want to be very active and very excited about the Raiders and the possibilities . ”
Contributing : The Associated Press
Follow Tom Pelissero on Twitter @ TomPelissero .
PHOTOS : NFL power rankings entering Week 7
Watch this moment in the Hofstra debate captured by True Pundit .
It 's when Trump finishes calling out Hillary 's failures . Trump says Hillary has got a problem .
Hillary reacts by doing a strange shimmy with her eyes closed .
On the dual screen , watch Trump 's lips in this moment :
Did Trump say “ seizure ? ”
If so , Trump would n't be alone . A lot of people think Hillary is suffering from seizures . Her eyes are going different directions . She has uncontrollable shakes .
Then , there was this event on 9/11 in New York :
Hillary Clinton 9/11 NYC pic.twitter.com/q9YnsjTxss — Zdenek Gazda ( @ zgazda66 ) September 11 , 2016
As Secret Service Agent Dan Bongino said just after :
“ This is severe . I was in the Secret Service for twelve years . I must have done security , or been part of a security plan , at close to five-hundred sites , if not more . I 've never seen a protectee go down like that , ever . ”
A lot of people think Hillary is having seizures .
Did Trump say “ seizure ? ” What do you think ?
H/T True Pundit
Tokens of Friendship - Tiny crystals that play into the friendship system in game .
Dice - Character colored dice , including that totally mane 7th Starlight Glimmer~
Expansion books - Supplements to the core books including bestiaries and other information
Game master screen - With a map of Equestria on the front .
Create Griffon , Dragon , and Other non-pony characters !
The people over at Riverhorse have released another update on the upcoming My Little Pony pen and paper RPG ! The infographic above includes a list of some of the items you can purchase to supplement your journeys into role playing ponyland . A few of these have been noted in text , but we have n't seen images yet , including : We 've already had large size versions of the Character sheets , along with details on the first adventure , and of course the actual main 152-page book . You can get the full list of posts on it over here , covering pretty much everything . It 's looking like the only big drop we need now is the actual release !
Racked is no longer publishing . Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years . The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox . You can also see what we 're up to by signing up here .
White supremacy never truly left . But in 2016 , thanks in large part to Brexit and the presidential campaign of Donald Trump , it 's back in a big way . And much of that vocal resurgence is happening on social media , where Twitter and Facebook have become a clearinghouse for white supremacist memes .
There 's a great diversity of racist content out there , but the other day I noticed a certain strain of white supremacist Twitter accounts focused on raising up the beauty of white women as “ proof ” that whites are superior to other races . And they do so using photographs of white women , with captions like “ Telling Whites to have small families because of overpopulation is like telling elves to have small families because there are too many orcs ” and “ Nothing says perfection quite like white . ”
Inhuman vs perfection pic.twitter.com/Y84Zdvr8Ys — white revanchist ( @ whiterevanchist ) October 3 , 2016
The women used in these photos all have a similar set of features : pale skin , blonde or red hair , and bright blue eyes . But who are they ? And do they know that their faces are being used by white supremacists ? To find out , I ran a handful of the photographs through a reverse image search tool , and got ahold of the photographers and models in question . How did they feel about their photos and faces being used by white supremacist Twitter and Facebook accounts ? Not good , it turns out .
Joana Gröblinghoff , a Swedish blogger , is a favorite of these accounts . Her soft , girlish self-portraits are featured in tons of tweets by white supremacist accounts I found , accompanied by text like “ White women must be protected from the hordes of imported savages that are swarming into Northern countries . # WhiteGenocide. ” In another Tweet , Gröblinghoff 's face is juxtaposed with photos of black women with the caption “ inhuman vs perfection . ”
When I contacted Gröblinghoff about her photos , she said she was shocked that her image was being used this way . “ This is disgusting ! ” she wrote to me in an email . “ I was never asked for permission and this is not the way I want to see my face on the internet ! ” She said she was n't active on Twitter , and had no idea to even be looking for something like this .
Fiona Quinn , the photographer who took this photo that was then captioned “ whites are the perfect race . Nothing says perfection quite like white , ” had a similar reaction . “ I am horrified , ” she wrote me in an email . “ This goes against my belief systems and makes me feel sick . I live in New Zealand — we are multicultural and so many of my close friends are not white ! ” The model in the photo , Caitlin Lomax , had a very similar reaction . “ That makes me feel sick , ” she told me .
Some of the photographs here are of famous models , too . Nadine Leopold and Gemma Ward are both favorites of these accounts . No one from IMG , the company that manages both Leopold and Ward , responded to my interview request . Alexis Ren , another professional model , is featured in a more recent photo captioned “ When Heaven and Hell collide , everyone must choose a side . Protect White women from the onslaught of attacks by hordes of imported savages . ”
Like most of the people I spoke with , Quinn 's first question was “ how I can get him to take the image down there must be a way ? ” And there is a way . Twitter often takes claims of copyright more seriously than threats and abuse . Unlike Quinn or Lomax , Gröblinghoff has a lawyer , and she said she would consult him on her options . Last we spoke , she said she had screenshotted and reported 21 of her photos being used by these accounts .
I reached out to a few of the accounts who post images like this to ask where they found the photos , and whether they ever asked for permission to use them . No one responded , and one account blocked me .
As far as what they can do about this in the future , it 's hard to say . Carrie Goldberg , a lawyer who specializes in online harassment , says that while there are some privacy precautions you can take , nothing can really protect you from this . “ I have clients whose baby 's pictures were mined from somebody 's Instagram page and used as evidence to prove the existence of a bogus child sex trafficking ring , ” she told me in an email . “ Many clients ' images have been used for catfishing schemes — where somebody has appropriated their image and created bogus social media pages to lure other people into scams . ”
You ca n't tell these women , many of whom blog or model as a living , to stop doing that because their faces might be used by white supremacists against their will . And Goldberg says that until Twitter or Facebook feels like this is an issue that could threaten their business , they likely wo n't do much to stop it either . “ If more people sued or threatened to sue for copyright infringement when their image is being reappropriated by neo-Nazis , it could have a deterrent effect , ” she says . But suing is n't easy — lawsuits are expensive , public , and time-consuming .
@ OliNor2016 whites are the perfect race .
Nothing says perfection quite like white . pic.twitter.com/hQVjfldyup — white revanchist ( @ whiterevanchist ) September 12 , 2016
Goldberg hopes that social media platforms will step up to stop this kind of thing . “ For a long time , we 've been asking social media companies to use their photo DNA abilities to proactively recognize specific images that are being nonconsensually distributed , ” she told me . “ We know this is possible because it is used in the context of child pornography. ” She 'd also like for them to make reporting these kinds of things easier . But it seems as though there 's just not enough business pressure on these companies to do much about this . Plus , both of those methods still requires an individual woman to know to look for and use these tools . All the models I spoke with had no idea to even be worrying about neo-Nazis using their faces to push white supremacy .
As someone who just spent hours looking at the images that white supremacist Twitter accounts post , I ca n't say I recommend it . But if you 're a conventionally attractive white woman who posts photos of herself on the internet , it might be worth a quick check to see if your face has been used in support of white supremacy .
Nearly one in five teens experiences depression , but parents can find it difficult to broach the subject . Here are The Onion 's tips for talking to your teen about depression :
Begin your conversation with something as simple as an observation , such as “ I 've noticed you have everything a person needs to be happy . ”
Your teen will appreciate your honesty and transparency . Let them know you really ca n't handle another stress like this on top of everything else .
Whatever you do , do n't start the conversation by totally freaking out over the bag of Lexapro you found in their sock drawer .
Seek common ground . Your teen might be surprised to learn that even lame old Dad finds life inherently meaningless !
Try not to scare them away from opening up by reacting with overblown emotional responses , like telling them you love them .
Let them know that you can relate to what they 're going through by talking about how sad you were when the Heat lost to the Mavericks in the finals .
From exercise to talk therapy , make sure your child is aware of the full range of options to ignore in favor of medication .
Be proactive . Take your child to a mental health professional the moment their actions start affecting the way other parents look at you .
Shevchenko 's house demolished in Russia Thursday , February 25 , 2016 8:47:00 AM
According to Vyacheslav Kyrylenko , the Ukrainian Minister of Culture , Russia has destroyed the residence of Taras Shevchenko in Orenburg .
Celebrated Ukrainian poet and political figure Taras Shevchenko lived in this building in the city of Orenburg during his exile in 1849 .
The house of the 19th Century Ukrainian poet was demolished in spite of the fact it was registered as a cultural monument of architectural significance .
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has instructed his Foreign Ministry to take international legal action .
`` I personally ask the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Culture of Ukraine to send an official note of protest to their Russian counterparts , and to inform UNESCO and other international organizations about the destruction of the cultural monument . This is unacceptable . Our international partners know Russia 's real nature , and this comes as another proof , '' Mr. Yatsenyuk said .
Share
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
An e-mail interview with Nidal Tahrir of the Black Flag Egyptian anarchist group about the uprising .
The international secretary of the U.S.-based Northeastern Federation of Anarchist Communists ( NEFAC ) managed to contact a member of an anarchist group , Black Flag , in Egypt . Below is an interview with him , following the resumption of email contact with Egypt on Wednesday 2 February .
1 ) Please tell me your name and what movement you are from .
I 'm Nidal Tahrir , from Black Flag , a small group of anarcho-communists in Egypt .
2 ) The world is watching Egypt , and even moving in solidarity . However , due to the internet being cut , information was difficult to find . Can you tell me about what has happened in Egypt in the past week ? What did it look like from your perspective ?
The situation in Egypt is so crucial right now . It began with an invitation to the day of rage against Mubarak regime on January 25th . No one expected an invitation to a day of rage from a loose group , a Facebook page , not really organized , called `` we are all Khalid Said '' .
Khalid Said was an Egyptian youth who was killed by Mubarak police in Alexandria last summer . It was that Tuesday which started everything , it was the spark for the whole fire . On Tuesday big demonstrations were in streets in every Egyptian town , on Wednesday began the massacre . It began with trying to finish the sit-in in Tahrir square on Tuesday late night , and continued in the following days , especially in Suez town . Suez has special value in every Egyptian heart . It was the centre for resistance against Zionists in 1956 and 1967 . In the same district that fought Sharon 's troops back in Egyptian-Israeli wars , Mubarak police carried out a massacre , at least four people killed , 100 injured , gas bombs , rubber bullets , fire guns , a strange yellow substance thrown above people ( maybe mustard gas ) . Friday was called the Jumu'ah of Rage . Jumu'ah is Arabic for Friday , it 's the national weekend in Egypt , in many Islamic countries also , it 's the sacred day in Islam , because there are the big prayers on this day , called Jumu'ah prayer . It was planned for demonstrators to go on a march after this prayer , at noon . The police tried to prevent the marchers , with all of their power and violence . There were many clashes in Cairo ( downtown , in Mattareyah ( east of Cairo ) ) , and all over Egypt , especially in Suez , Alexandria , Mahalla ( in the delta , one of the centres of the working class ) . From noon to sunset people marched in Cairo downtown , to a sit-in in Tahrir till the removal of the Mubarak regime , chanting one slogan , `` The people demand the removal of the regime '' .
At sunset , 5pm CLT , Mubarak declared a curfew and brought the army into Egyptian towns . This curfew was followed by a planned escape by police , letting out the criminals and thugs which called Baltagayyah , and police planned a great escape of criminals in many Egyptian prisons to scare people in Egypt . With no police , many army troops could n't control the street . It scared people , and it was followed by a news jam on Egyptian TV channels , radio and newspapers , about Luddites in many towns , about thieves firing at people . People organized `` people committees '' to secure every street . It was welcomed by the regime to make people more scared about instability in the country , but it was also a point we could start from to build workers ' councils .
3 ) As of Wednesday , there have been clashes between pro- and anti-Mubarak people . Is that the correct way to describe it ? Who are the `` Mubarak supporters '' ? How are these clashes affecting the attitudes of average working class Egyptians ?
It 's absolutely wrong to call it clashes between anti- and pro-Mubarak . The pro-Mubarak demonstration consisted of many Baltagayyah and secret police to attack the protesters in Tahrir . It only began after Mubarak 's speech yesterday , after Obama 's speech too . Personally I think Mubarak feels like a slaughtered ox that tries to throw its blood over its slaughterers ; he feels like Nero , who wants to burn Egypt before his removal , trying to make people believe he 's a synonym for stability , safety and security . In this way he has really made some progress . The holy national alliance now has been formed against Tahrirites ( Tahrir protesters ) and Commune de Tahrir .
Many people are saying , especially middle class people , that the demonstrations must end because Egypt has been burned , famine has begun , and it 's not true at all . It 's only an exaggeration . Every revolution has its difficulties , and Mubarak is using fear and terror to stay longer . Personally I 'm saying even if the protesters were responsible for this situation , even if this is so , Mubarak must leave , he must go out , because of his inability to deal with the situation right now .
4 ) What do you see happening in the next week ? How much is the position taken by the US government affecting the situation there ?
Nobody can figure out what will happen tomorrow or next week . Mubarak is a stubborn idiot , and the Egyptian media is making the biggest media campaign in its history to detain the protests on Friday , February 4th . There are calls for another million march to Tahrir , called `` Jumu'ah of salvation '' , the position taken by the US government is affecting us more than the demonstration . Mubarak is such a traitor who could kill the whole people , but he ca n't say no to his masters .
5 ) What has the participation of class struggle anarchists been ? Who are their allies ? ( obviously keep security in mind )
Anarchism in Egypt is not a big trend . You can find some anarchists , but it 's not a big trend yet . Anarchists in Egypt joined both protests and popular committees to defend the streets from thugs . Anarchists in Egypt put some hope in these councils . The allies of anarchists in Egypt are the Marxists of course , we are not now in the moment of ideological debate . The whole of the left is calling for unity and argue about anything else later . Anarchists in Egypt are a part of the Egyptian left .
6 ) What forms of solidarity can be built between revolutionaries in Egypt and revolutionaries in the `` West '' ? What can be done immediately and what should we do in the long term ?
The most difficult obstacle Egyptian revolutionaries are confronted with is the cut-off of communication . Western revolutionaries must put pressure on their governments to prevent the Egyptian regime from doing this . That 's for now , but no one can say what will happen in the long term . If the revolution wins , then western revolutionaries must build solidarity with their Egyptian comrades against expected aggression from the USA , and Israel . If the revolution is defeated then there will be a massacre for all Egyptian revolutionaries .
7 ) What will the main tasks be once Mubarak leaves ? Has there been much planning about this on the street level ? What have anti-capitalist revolutionaries proposed ?
The main task now , speaking about street demands , is new constitution and a provisional government , and then new elections . There 's much planning about these issues from many political trends here , especially the Muslim brotherhood . Anti-capitalist revolutionaries are not very big in Cairo - the communists , the democratic left and Trotskyites are calling for the same demands about a constitution and new elections . But for us , as anarchists , we are anti-capital and anti-state too - we will try to strengthen the committees that have been formed to protect and secure the streets , and try to turn them into real councils .
8 ) What do you want to say to revolutionaries abroad ?
Dear Comrades , all over the world , we need solidarity , a big solidarity campaign and the Egyptian revolution will win .
from www.haringey.org.uk
Catharine A. MacKinnon is the Elizabeth A . Long Professor of Law at Michigan Law and the long-term James Barr Ames Visiting Professor of Law at Harvard Law School . She holds a BA from Smith College , a JD from Yale Law School , and a PhD in political science from Yale . She specializes in sex equality issues under international and domestic ( including comparative , criminal , and constitutional ) law . She pioneered the legal claim for sexual harassment and , with Andrea Dworkin , created ordinances recognizing pornography as a civil rights violation and the Swedish model for abolishing prostitution . The Supreme Court of Canada has largely accepted her approaches to equality , pornography , and hate speech , which have been influential internationally as well . Representing Bosnian women survivors of Serbian genocidal sexual atrocities , she won with co-counsel a damage award of $ 745 million in August 2000 in Kadic v. Karadzic under the Alien Tort Act , the first recognition of rape as an act of genocide . Among the schools at which she has taught are Yale , Stanford , Chicago , Harvard , Osgoode Hall ( Toronto ) , Basel ( Switzerland ) , Hebrew University ( Jerusalem ) , and Columbia . She was awarded residential fellowships at the Institute for Advanced Study , Stanford , the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin , and the University of Cambridge . Professor MacKinnon 's scholarly books include the casebook Sex Equality ( 2001/2007 ) , Are Women Human ? ( 2006 ) , Women 's Lives , Men 's Laws ( 2005 ) , Only Words ( 1993 ) , Toward a Feminist Theory of the State ( 1989 ) , Feminism Unmodified ( 1987 ) , and Sexual Harassment of Working Women ( 1979 ) . She is widely published in journals , the popular press , and many languages . Professor MacKinnon practices and consults nationally and internationally and works regularly with Equality Now , an NGO promoting international sex equality rights for women , and the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women . Serving as the first special gender adviser to the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court ( The Hague ) from 2008 to 2012 , she implemented her concept of `` gender crime . '' In 2014 , she was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Association of American Law Schools Women 's Division and was elected to the American Law Institute . Studies document that Professor MacKinnon is among the most widely-cited legal scholars in the English language .
ELPD , MSU police offering $ 20,000 reward for information on 'civil disturbance '
MSU and East Lansing police departments are offering up to $ 20,000 in reward money for tips that could lead to the conviction of anyone involved in the chaotic aftermath of Saturday 's football game .
Police responded to a minimum of 57 fires throughout the city and made at least 15 arrests after MSU 's win in the Big Ten Championship game against Ohio State on Saturday , according to the East Lansing Police Department 's weekend report .
Between 2,000 and 3,000 people were in Cedar Village at the time , according to early estimates from police .
“ Any student identified as taking part in setting or fueling fires will be subject to the MSU student judicial process , regardless of any criminal charges being filed , ” MSU spokesman Kent Cassella said in a statement . “ If a student is found in violation , he or she faces sanctions ranging from warning to dismissal . ”
In addition to setting couch fires , several participants uprooted trees , broke bottles in the crowd , set off fireworks and flipped the car of MSU fisheries and wildlife senior Steven Ripley .
Police are also looking to identify a fan who attended the Big Ten Championship game in Indianapolis — a man holding up a sign reading “ Burn the Couch , ” according to the ELPD Facebook page .
“ Behavior like this is unacceptable in the East Lansing-MSU community . In addition to being extremely dangerous and costly , it takes vital emergency resources away from others in need , ” East Lansing City Manager George Lahanas said in a statement . “ We understand individuals ' desire to celebrate , but the events of Saturday night did nothing more than overshadow and take away from a great Spartan victory . We will work to charge the individuals involved in this incident to the fullest extent of the law . ”
The city plans to release more information on the total cost of the civil disturbance as it becomes available .
Anyone with information that could lead to the conviction of anyone involved can share their tips anonymously by calling 1-877-ELPD-TIP or sending an email to ELPDtips @ elpolice.com .
Share . Planned for November 10 . Planned for November 10 .
The Witness will receive a patch to add PlayStation 4 Pro support that , “ if all goes well , ” should go live on November 10 when Sony 's new HDR and 4K-ready PS4 model is available , game director Jonathan Blow told IGN .
Since The Witness already runs at 60fps on current PlayStation 4 consoles , the focus of the patch is “ increasing visual fidelity. ” According to Blow , the patch will allow The Witness to render at 1440p “ or possibly higher ” on a 4K display , while maintaining a consistent 60fps . You can read a full post with more technical details on The Witness blog .
Blow mentions that the specifics of the patch are not absolute promises , stating , `` Things might change by release . But [ this is ] what we are aiming for . ''
Exit Theatre Mode
Blow and his team at Thekla , Inc. are also working on adding HDR support to The Witness . During its September 7 press briefing , Sony revealed that all PlayStation 4 consoles — not just the upcoming PlayStation 4 Pro — are set to receive a firmware upgrade to enable HDR .
To experience The Witness with its upscaled resolution , as well as the many other games receiving PlayStation 4 Pro forward compatibility , you will need a 4K display .
Last month , Blow also revealed to IGN that The Witness is heading to Xbox One , with a proposed launch date of September 13 . An iOS port is also in the works .
Chloi Rad is an Associate Editor for IGN . Follow her on Twitter at @ _chloi .
Donald Trump has a huge delegate problem .
Nine days after it was revealed that a white-nationalist leader had been made a California delegate for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , a Maryland delegate was indicted for illegal transport of explosives , illegal possession of a machine gun , and child pornography offenses .
According to the U.S. Justice Department , 30-year-old Caleb Andrew Bailey , of Waldorf , Maryland , used a minor to produce kiddie porn between March 2015 to January 2016 . ( Bailey faces a maximum of 10 years for the explosives and firearm , and 30 years for the child porn . ) A spokeswoman at U.S. Attorney 's Office in Maryland told The Daily Beast Thursday afternoon that Bailey is currently still “ in federal custody . ”
Multiple sources confirmed to The Daily Beast that this Caleb Bailey is the same Caleb Bailey who serves as a Trump delegate .
Or , at least he used to .
The Maryland Republican Party is in the process of kicking the alleged machine-gun-touting , child pornographer to the curb as we speak .
“ We are asking him to resign , and will soon be be in process of replacing him ” on the Maryland delegation , Joe Cluster , executive director of the Maryland Republican Party , told The Daily Beast on Thursday afternoon . “ We are promoting an alternate delegate from the district … Somebody got lucky , I guess . [ The replacement ] can sit on the floor now . ”
The Trump campaign was n't thrilled with these revelations , either . “ We strongly condemn these allegations and leave it in the capable hands of law enforcement , ” Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks emailed The Daily Beast . “ He will be replaced immediately . ”
Prior to the indictment announced on Thursday , Caleb Bailey 's criminal record in the state was essentially clean , with just a few traffic violations .
That 's why the revelation struck another Maryland Trump delegate as odd .
“ I think it 's a witch hunt , ” Jim Crawford said in a phone interview with The Daily Beast .
Crawford , who said he has known Bailey all his life and once coached him in soccer , added that “ I know him to be a fine individual . A fine young man . I 've known him since he was born . He 's a fine young man . I suspect that he 's completely innocent . ”
Crawford suggested that the presence of child pornography on Bailey 's computer could have come from a virus .
“ If they found something like that , he just drew a virus , ” Crawford asserted . “ Shoot , I know people that 's been affected by viruses . Who 's ever gotten an email that they thought was inappropriate ? Heck , there might be that kind of stuff on my computer . ”
Public records show that Bailey has worked at B.Y . Lumber Company in White Plains , Maryland . When reached by The Daily Beast on Thursday , a female employee there said she had not yet heard of the indictment .
“ He 's not an actual employee , he 's a grader—he measures the lumber , ” she said . “ We 're a sawmill…He 's like a tallyman . ”
Bailey has also previously donated money to Republican politicians including libertarian icon Ron Paul—and his dad Collins A. Bailey , who ran in 2008 for a House seat in Maryland , works as a lumber broker in the state and was previously the 1st Vice Chair of the Maryland GOP . The elder Bailey , who was endorsed by Ron Paul , is also a Trump delegate this year , according to the State Board of Elections website .
Collins Bailey , Caleb 's father did not respond to requests for comment about his son via email . When The Daily Beast called the Bailey Lumber Company , a man identifying himself as Collins said “ I do n't have any comment , ” and hung up .
—Andrew Desiderio contributed reporting .
Lawyers acting on behalf of Prince have sent out a flurry of US copyright infringement notifications to individual members of a popular UK website which encourages its community to create satirical images of well-known stars .
A number of users of b3ta.com have been slapped with DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) notifications after posting images that poke fun at the pint-sized popstar 's ongoing crusade to rid the internet of unauthorised Prince material .
B3ta co-founder Rob Manuel told The Register that he was `` surprised Prince 's lawyers had bitten '' .
But the legal cudgels worked . In a posting on the site today , Manuel wrote .
Under threat of legal action from Princes legal team of `` potential closure of your web site '' - We have removed the Prince image challenge and B3ta apologises unreservedly to AEG / NPG and Prince for any offence caused . We also ask our members to avoid photoshoping Prince and posting them on our boards .
Users of the website had overwhelmingly voted for Prince as their `` image challenge of the week '' in response to his legal attempts to take down unauthorised fan sites .
The DMCA notifications claim that B3ta had infringed multiple copyright ( pirate , unauthorised and libellous ) owned by Prince , his record label NPG and entertainment group AEG .
But Manuel argued that the legal noise being made by Prince against his fans was counterproductive . He said : `` It 's what often happens online - web censorship blows up in the censor 's face . ''
Although the notifications do not fall under UK legal jurisdiction , Web Sheriff , which issued the DMCAs on behalf of Prince 's lawyers , claimed that the individuals could be sued in a US court if they failed to respond to the take-down request .
Indeed , Kim Walker , intellectual property head at law firm Pinsent Masons pointed out that while the DMCA itself could not be enforced in a British court , the claim itself still carried water .
He said : `` The copyright laws in the UK are pretty strict . Many people assume that images can be used for parody or satire , but that 's not the case .
`` While the UK has a concept of 'fair dealing ' , it stops short of authorising parody and satire . Many people think that should change - but that 's the way it is for now . ''
Web Sheriff 's John Gaicobbi told El Reg that B3ta and its users had overstepped the mark .
He said : `` I do n't think the people who posted them would like to be on receiving end of that kind of treatment .
`` There 's poking fun and there 's poking fun and people are clearly taking it too far and crossing over the boundaries of what is acceptable . ''
In recent months Prince has stomped on Pirate Bay , an 18-month-old baby having a boogie to one of his songs on YouTube and three of his most popular unauthorised fan websites . ®
Quick Summary
Pros : This is an exciting start to , what is looking to be , an even more exciting story arc . It does a great job at digging into the minds of two of Batman 's greatest foes . Plus , it does a great job in teasing what is to come .
Cons : If you are not a fan of Joker or Riddler stories , then this is not an issue for you .
Overall : This issue starts off “ The War of Jokes and Riddles ” with a fantastic first chapter . It shows that this is going to be a story about more than some simple war between villains ; it is going to be an examination into their character and relationship to Batman . If you have been reading Batman , keep doing it ; if you have n't been reading Batman , now is absolutely the time to start .
Story
This is a fantastic way to start a story arc . Batman # 25 is full of everything that a good introduction needs ; it details the villains and their motives , tells how the story starts , and then gives a tease of what is coming next . Tom King 's intention here is to get people excited for what is coming up next . I would say that he succeeded as this is the most excited I have been for a Batman story arc in a long time .
( spoilers start here )
The story starts out with an interesting concept : the Joker and the Riddler have become desensitized to jokes and riddles respectively , the causes of which are not immediately clear . What is clear , is that these two plan on fixing their problem , no matter how many people they have to kill along the way . It is a quick introduction to their characters and motives that works well for both new and old fans .
From here we get into the actual motivation behind this entire arc . The Riddler meets up with Joker and explains both of their situations . Batman is Joker 's biggest joke and Riddler 's biggest riddle . Thus , Riddler postulates , the only way to become satisfied once more is to climb their personal Everest ; he wants to kill the Batman . Yet , he recognizes that neither one should do it alone as it would deprive the other of ultimate satisfaction and would cause the two of them to go to war against each other . Joker thinks it over and responds as only the Joker can , he shoots Riddler in the stomach and leaves him to die .
The way these two are pitted against each other is great and is sure to provide a plethora of entertainment as this arc progresses . King has found a way to make these two characters relate in a way that is obvious while still being clever . They are both obsessed with Batman , and it is that obsession which will drive them even more crazy than they already are . With hints that Batman does something he regrets during this “ war , ” it will be interesting to see how these two villains will end going against each other and Batman .
In addition , I was very happy to see the story brought back to the present , at the conclusion of this issue . Many were extremely frustrated that Batman proposed to Catwoman directly before a long , flashback storyline . They assumed that this meant the proposal story would be dropped during this time . It is nice to see that King planned for this and is still delivering on both fronts .
( spoilers end here )
Art
Mikel Janín 's art always looks great , especially when working on Bat-family books ; we already discussed that in our review of Batman Vol . 2 : I am Suicide ( found here ) . However , this issue seems even better than normal . The grittiness and harsh details found in the prison contrast perfectly with the more picturesque views of the Gotham skyline . Add attractive and realistic character designs and depictions , and this is one good looking book .
Continuity
Since this is a flashback storyline , there is not much that fans need to know in order to understand what is going on . The only big reference to the current series occurs at the end of the issue and is a reference to Batman # 24 . Besides this , Batman # 25 is a great jumping on point for new readers .
This issue also makes a few specific references to specific comic books . These are detailed here :
The Riddler is currently incarcerated because of the events of Zero Year . These events start in Batman Vol . 4 : Zero Year-Secret City ( Review ) .
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
ROCKAWAYS — MoMA PS1 has opened a temporary cultural center in the Rockaways , celebrating the new site with a performance by rock legend Patti Smith , who owns a home on the peninsula .
The VW Dome 2 , as the spherical structure is called , will be up for the next month in a parking lot between Beach 94th and Beach 95th streets . The space will host a series of lectures , film screenings and other events , serving as an arts hub for the Rockaways as the area continues to recover from Hurricane Sandy .
The project is part of a large exhibit coming to the Long Island City museum this May called `` EXPO 1 : New York , '' which explores various themes around climate change , waterfront sustainability and the environment .
Musician Patti Smith performs at the opening celebration of MoMA PS1 's VW Dome 2 in the Rockaways on March 30 , 2013 . Throughout April , the space will serve as a temporary art and cultural center for the peninsula , which is still recovering from Hurricane Sandy . View Full Caption Photo by Charles Roussel
On Tuesday , PS1 will host an `` Open Camera Session , '' inside the dome , setting up a video camera to record residents ' suggestions for rebuilding the neighborhood — part of a public solicitation for sustainable waterfront design ideas the museum launched this winter .
In February , PS1 had called for video submissions from designers , artists and architects who had ideas for rebuilding the city 's coastal communities . They added the camera sessions at the Dome to get more Rockaways residents involved in the discussion .
`` I think it 's great , '' said Kevin Boyle , editor of the Rockaways ' community newspaper The Wave , who will be manning the camera inside the Dome along with the paper 's columnist Rick Horan .
`` They 've done a pretty good job of reaching out to the locals here . ''
Boyle said they already recorded ideas from a number of residents who sat down in front of the camera this weekend .
`` The ideas are all over the place , which is fun , '' he said . `` It was a steady flow . ''
He said many of the suggestions so far include ideas for rebuilding the Rockaways ' beloved boardwalk —a topic The Wave has published editorials on , the most recent urging the city not to rush the plans but to consider what would benefit the whole peninsula .
`` We 're proponents of making it great — not just functional , '' Boyle said .
A panel of judges will select the top 25 proposals submitted to the MoMA PS1 open call , and the winners will be presented in a series of lectures at the Dome later this month , an effort to kickstart a public debate about the next steps in the rebuilding process .
`` The city does n't have to listen to them , but they should , '' Boyle said .
The Wave and MoMA PS1 's Open Camera Session will take place on Tuesday , April 2 from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at the VW Dome 2 , Beach 94th Street .
There 's always one . One dude at the party who opens his beer with his teeth . Sure it defies logic and personal hygiene while making everyone else wince like nails on a chalkboard , but it 's an impressive feat of dental strength ! People love that guy .
Now , rugby players in Argentina have been transformed into the ultimate version of that guy . Rugby is not a gentle sport . Bones are broken . Teeth are lost . But while bones heal , teeth do n't grow back . Salta beer and agency Ogilvy & Mather Argentina that combined a helpful , innovative solution with rugby 's beer-loving reputation–a branded tooth implant that 's also a bottle opener . It basically turns mere mortal man into The Steve Austin of Party Tricks .
It sounds like an advertising gimmick until you see the gnarly dental surgery footage of these guys actually going through with it . The agency confirmed the tooth implants , the surgeries , and the dudes popping bottle caps with their shiny new chiclets are all completely real .
Ogilvy & Mather Argentina executive creative directors Maximiliano Maddalena and Javier Mentasti said in an email that the Salta brand has close ties to rugby , and the idea is based on simple insight that rugby players are tough , like to drink beer , and often open beer bottles with their teeth . But they still were n't sure how many guys would be willing to put a branded piece of hardware permanently installed in their mouth . “ When the idea finally was there , one of the biggest obstacles was that everyone thought it was going to be very difficult to find rugbiers willing to accept the tooth opener implant , ” said Maddalena and Mentasti . “ But it was all the other way round , candidates appeared immediately , and in the comments of the video what came out was lots of people asking for one ! ”
Right now someone at Molson is trying to figure out how to steal this idea for hockey players .
The 100,000-ton US Navy supercarrier ‘ Ronald Reagan ' has conducted drills with Japanese warships south of the Korean Peninsula , Japan 's military said . Pyongyang , meanwhile , has threatened a further “ hydrogen bomb test ” over the Pacific .
The Japan Maritime Self Defense Force said in a statement on Friday that the Nimitz-class nuclear-powered supercarrier ‘ Ronald Reagan , ' based in the Japanese town of Yokosuka , Kanagawa Prefecture , and its escort ships have been holding drills with Japanese Navy vessels in waters south and west of Japan 's main islands since September 11 . The strike group is also set to stage a separate drill with the South Korean Navy in October , the Defense Ministry added .
Read more
The large-scale drill will involve three Japanese warships , including two destroyers and one of the country 's two biggest helicopter carriers , and will run until the end of the month .
On Friday , North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho said that Pyongyang is considering testing a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean . The move is said to be in response to Washington stepping up economic sanctions against North Korea .
`` It could be the most powerful detonation of an H-bomb in the Pacific , '' Ri said , as quoted by South Korean agency Yonhap .
The suggestion came as Ri was asked to clarify the latest statement by Kim Jong-un , in which the North Korean leader vowed revenge against US President Donald Trump for insulting him and his country “ in front of the eyes of the world ” by threatening “ to destroy ” North Korea .
In a statement issued by North Korean state-run agency KCNA on Friday , Kim said he “ will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding highest level of hardline countermeasure in history , ” while promising that the US will “ pay dearly ” for Trump 's remarks at the UN General Assembly .
Kim then said that “ whatever Trump might have expected , he will face results beyond his expectation . ”
Read more
In his remarks at the 72nd session of the UN General Assembly on Tuesday , Trump threatened to “ totally destroy ” North Korea if forced to defend the US or its allies . Trump added fuel to the fire by calling Kim a “ rocket man ” on a “ suicide mission for himself . ”
Pyongyang slammed Trump 's remarks , likening his threat to “ the sound of a dog barking . ”
Trump 's statement also came under fire from German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
“ I 'm against such threats , ” Merkel said on Wednesday , urging the US leader to focus on diplomatic ways of resolving the unraveling crisis while describing a military solution as “ totally inappropriate . ”
German criticism apparently fell on deaf ears , with Trump taking to Twitter on Friday again to say that Kim Jong-un is `` obviously a madman . ”
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that while tensions with North Korea were mounting , diplomatic efforts would nonetheless continue .
`` We are quite challenged but our diplomatic efforts continue unabated , '' Tillerson said in an interview with ABC . `` We have put in place the strongest economic sanctions ever to have been assembled against Kim Jong-un , '' he added . `` So , he is being tested with the sanctions , voices from every corner of the world , '' Tillerson concluded .
Russia has meanwhile insisted that diplomatic negotiations may be the only way to resolve the tensions on the Korean Peninsula .
Any other scenario could lead to `` very undesirable and even catastrophic consequences , '' Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov noted on Friday . “ Moscow is still calling all concerned parties for restraint , '' Peskov added .
On September 3 , Pyongyang claimed to have carried out its first H-bomb test , hailing it as a “ perfect success ” and a “ meaningful ” step further into the development of the nuclear program . State media reported at the time that it allegedly could be mounted on an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) , although this capability has been disputed outside North Korea .
Lincoln 'liked sharing beds with men ' : Larry Flynt exposes the sex lives of former presidents
There was more to the Founding Fathers and past presidents like Abraham Lincoln than we were ever taught in history class or were able to read in a book .
But now , thanks to porn king Larry Flynt , we can read all the sordid details because according to him , the lives of the nation 's past presidents were governed by sex .
In his new book One Nation under Sex , he takes an up-close-and-personal look at the sex lives of the Founding Fathers and beyond .
Players : According to Larry Flynt , Abraham Lincoln , left , enjoyed sharing his bed with men ; while Founding Father Ben Franklin , right , apparently helped save the American Revolution by seducing French women
While historians are marking the 150th anniversary of the Civil War , Flynt is pushing his expose of the seamier side of United States presidents and first ladies .
Lesbian : Eleanor Roosevelt , right , and her lover Lorena Hitchcock with Governor Paul Pearson of the U.S. Virgin Islands
He told The Daily Beast : 'There 's been a lot left out of history books , and we wanted to be more inclusive . For 35 years I 've been exposing corrupt politicians , and I wanted to know if our Founding Fathers had the same follies or not . '
Some of the things Flynt reveals in his book are how Ben Franklin helped save the American Revolution by seducing French women , that Dolley Madison slept around , and James Buchanan 's gay love affair with a slave owner was a boon for secessionists .
He also claims that Abe Lincoln liked to share beds with men and Eleanor Roosevelt 's lesbian affairs helped her become a crusader for equal rights . He also talks about the sexual prowess of Bill Clinton and JFK .
Speaking of his book , Flynt said : 'Do n't get me wrong - I 'm the first person to defend a philandering president if he can still balance the budget . But I think discretion should play a part in it . '
Flynt teamed up with Columbia University lecturer David Eisenbach to write his book , in order to give it some credibility .
He said : ' I knew no one would read a historical book by a pornographer so I brought him in for the credibility . '
Eisenbach said that many academics scorn books written for public consumption and certainly those dealing with sex lives , 'so I knew this would n't help my career , ' he admits . 'But there 's more to life than tenure . '
Continuing the tradition ? Flynt talks up the sexual prowess of John F Kennedy , left ; right , Bill Clinton 's sexual escapades with White House intern Monica Lewinsky nearly got him impeached
Expose : Flynt 's book , One Nation Under Sex , reveals how the private lives of Presidents and their lovers changed the course of U.S. history
Flynt , who survived an assassination attempt in 1978 , is paralysed from the waist down and has spent the last 30 years in a wheelchair .
He has recently invested his time in gathering dirt on potential candidates for the 2012 presidency and is seen as a thorn in the side of hypocritical lawmakers and a supporter of sexual freedom for all .
Most see him as nothing but a pedlar of porn for his Hustler empire which is the leading producer of X-rated DVDS and magazines .
He also owns a chain of strip clubs throughout the country .
According to MSNBC , Flynt and Eisenbach say they were disappointed that historians have mostly whitewashed the Founding Fathers when it comes to spreading the word about their personal exploits .
They researched and sourced the material over several years from sources including the National Archives , the Woodrow Wilson papers at Princeton , and the Roosevelt and other presidential libraries .
Some of the things that Flynt unearthed particularly irritated him .
FLYNT 'S REVELATIONS Founding Father Ben Franklin helped save the American Revolution by seducing French women
Dolley Madison ( wife of fourth U.S. President James Madison ) had affairs with numerous other lovers
Fifteenth President James Buchanan 's gay love affair with a slave owner was a boon for secessionists
Abraham Lincoln - the 16th President of the United States - liked to share beds with men
Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's wife Eleanor 's lesbian affairs spurred her on to become a crusader for equal rights
He said : ' I think Jefferson was like the Energizer Bunny with more than just Sally Hemmings if you know what I mean . Historians have stayed clear of anything that might be unsavoury about the guy who drafted the Constitution . '
According to the Daily Beast , Flynt was also surprised to discover that Buchanan had a gay lover yet supported slavery .
He said : 'You 'd think he 'd identify with oppressed people but he was a staunch segregationist . '
Eisenbach said that 2012 presidential candidates should not rest easy in the hope that the book has taken over all of Flynt 's spare time .
He said : 'He has kind of held back a bit , but as we get closer to the election there will be more revelations forthcoming .
'Let 's just say , for example , that if you are making a big stand against gays in the military or gays marrying , you 'd better have a clean bill of health on your own marriage vows . '
Flynt will begin the book tour this month but said he has his eye very much on the next election cycle : 'For more than 30 years , we 've established ourselves as people who pay for information , and we are constantly looking for and getting it .
'There 's some people I 've had my eye on for a long time in the Senate and Congress and eventually things will materialize .
'We focus on all of them , but the conservative Republicans make it so easy , they 've got so much baggage . '
With its flying saucer-themed diners and it 's proximity to Area 51 , the town of Rachel , Nevada has been the UFO capital of America for at least 25 years . Now seems that its invasion would come in the form of little green men from outer space but by something much worse .. Neo-Nazis .
Every year , people from all over the world travel Rachel , Nevada in their search for the truth . They meet up at the Lil A'Le'Inn to swap stories of alien abduction , look for ways to catch of glimpse of the secret projects in the nearby Area 51 , or post up at the mysterious Black Mailbox ( now painted white ) hoping for a glimpse of some extraterrestrial activity .
But now that a mysterious stranger has purchased both the local RV park and the town 's only gas station , closing both almost immediately , locals are beginning to wonder if they are n't in the midst of a hostile takeover .
`` It was the only gas station in town , '' Pat Travis , owner of the Lil A'Le'Inn , told reporters . `` Now we keep a little gas for emergency purposes , for people who do n't pay attention to the sign that the next store is 150 miles . ''
After hundreds of residents packed up and left , the local minister decided to do some digging into who has been buying up all the property , and found the name JHM Church attached to the deeds . The name might sound innocent , but according to watchdog groups , JHM Church is categorized as a white supremacist outfit `` in the same category with the KKK and racist skinheads . ''
`` Their church is identified by the experts as Christian identity and neo-Nazi . And those two little niches are the most dangerous , I 'm told , '' one local told Channel 8 .
When FBI investigators began showing up in town and questioning locals about their ties to neo-Nazi groups , residents began to worry that their happy little community of weirdos was going to wind up much like the famous Black Mailbox did : whitewashed .
Here 's hoping the little town of Rachel , Nevada can stick it out for weirdos everywhere .
Support the UFO Capital of America by taking a trip down the Extraterrestrial Highway ! Hit us up on Facebook .
America 's newest class of astronauts gets a special welcome today from a distinguished guest stopping by the Johnson Space Center .
Vice President Mike Pence is visiting Houston to greet the newest group of space travelers selected to carry the nation 's torch into the final frontier . Unfortunately , if history repeats itself , there 's really no telling what or where these new astronauts will end up flying with their newly earned wings . And while NASA certainly would 've welcomed the vice president arriving in Air Force Two with bales of money to bankroll space exploration , what the agency needs more than anything else is a long-term commitment to achieving a clearly defined set of goals for the country 's space program .
After saying almost nothing about NASA during his campaign , President Donald Trump last March signed a space policy bill that imposed comparatively minor cuts in budget just north of $ 19 billion . Given the cutbacks suffered by other federal agencies in the president 's proposed budget , space policy experts said NASA could 've fared a whole lot worse . But this fiscal plan is not good for the agency 's long-term goals of exploring Mars and developing its next generation of human spaceflight projects .
Still , that 's nothing new for NASA . Each time a new president takes the oath of office our space agency gets yanked in a different direction . On the 20th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing , President George H.W . Bush proposed sending humans back to the moon and landing astronauts on Mars , but both of those expensive ideas quickly went by the wayside . A decade later , President George W. Bush ordered NASA to retire the space shuttle fleet and prepare for a return to the moon and a mission to Mars . So the space agency started developing the Constellation program , including a new spacecraft called Orion and a lunar lander called Altair . But President Barack Obama killed Constellation , ordered continued development of Orion as a possible space station escape craft , then directed NASA to focus on sending a robot to an asteroid . Now Trump wants to dump the asteroid travel and spend more money on robotic missions to other planets .
What 's happening under Trump follows a dishearteningly familiar flight plan for NASA . With every administration , new projects are proposed , old projects are killed and a whole lot of money is wasted on ideas that never get off the ground .
NASA deserves better , and so do taxpayers funding the nation 's space program . That 's how an idea that 's been kicked around the halls of Congress would help . The House Science Committee last year debated restructuring NASA 's management , creating a board of directors that would pick nominees for a space agency administrator who would serve a fixed 10-year term , much like the FBI director . Houston congressman John Culberson , an enthusiastic NASA supporter , proposed this legislation as a way to stabilize the space agency through presidential transitions .
Apollo established NASA 's legacy as an agency capable of accomplishing the seemingly impossible , but it required a bipartisan commitment lasting almost a decade .
The president has put Pence in charge of the newly revived National Space Council , a White House-level space policy committee that has been inactive for more than 25 years . NASA not only needs White House guidance and a national consensus on the direction of our space program , it also needs long-term leadership with the job security to make its goals a reality . Appointing NASA 's administrator for a decade-long term would give badly needed stability to our nation 's space program .
A bomb disposal robot blew up a suspicious suitcase left near a propane tank in Kissimmee , central Florida . Businesses were evacuated after a police alarm .
Downtown Kissimmee evacuation orders for Broadway should be over soon . No bomb ... @ news965wdbopic.twitter.com/ePvQ3seaN2 — Joe Ruble ( @ JoeRubleWDBO ) April 21 , 2017
Bomb squad detonated the suitcase . All clear has NOT been given yet . — Kissimmee Police ( @ kissimmeepolice ) April 21 , 2017
A bomb squad investigated the suspicious package which was left in the downtown area of Broadway on Friday morning . The town is 16 km ( 10 miles ) away from Disney World .
Bomb Squad on scene — Kissimmee Police ( @ kissimmeepolice ) April 21 , 2017
A bomb disposal robot was sent in to take an x-ray of the abandoned suitcase .
It returned with the x-ray to bomb squad technicians , who are located a block away from the propane tank .
Bomb squad investigating suspicious package in Kissimmee , Florida https : //t.co/VptJuH2s2lpic.twitter.com/QLHFkNiSI8 — Disney Trends ( @ Disneylizer ) April 21 , 2017
Detectives went over the x-rays to determine what 's in the case .
Two bomb squad technicians walked towards the suitcase with detonation wire , according to WKMG , Orlando .
The detonation wire was placed down in the middle of the street , about a stone 's throw away from the suitcase , which is still located near the propane tank .
The bomb disposal robot then dragged the suitcase away from the propane tank , and placed it near the detonation wire .
The suitcase was then blown up releasing what looks like clothing and paper .
Scene on Broadway and N. Stewart St. in Kissimmee pic.twitter.com/Vx8uK2nwii — Julie Salomone ( @ JSalomoneWFTV ) April 21 , 2017
According to Kissimmee police , the person who left the package “ openly stated it was a bomb . ”
The package appears to be a large black suitcase .
Person who left package openly stated it was a bomb . Suspect talking to detectives now . Pkg left in front of propane tank . — Kissimmee Police ( @ kissimmeepolice ) April 21 , 2017
Police told people to evacuate from the back of their buildings .
Detectives are talking to the person who first alerted them about the alleged bomb .
Kissimmee PD : The suspect is in custody . Someone flagged down an officer & said suspect was acting erratically . — Julie Salomone ( @ JSalomoneWFTV ) April 21 , 2017
Police officers are telling people to avoid the area .
All clear has been given . Area is still closed for Crime Lab to collect evidence — Kissimmee Police ( @ kissimmeepolice ) April 21 , 2017
( Photo : Telestar Logistics / flickr )
Members of the Haqqani network have killed hundreds of U.S. citizens and carried out spectacular acts of terrorism , including against the U.S. embassy , NATO headquarters , the Intercontinental Hotel , the Indian embassy , and the British Council -- all in Kabul . Yet the organization is not on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations . This apparent lapse is not for lack of bipartisan support : In a September letter , U.S . Senators Lindsay Graham ( R–S.C . ) and Kirsten Gillibrand ( D–N.Y . ) urged Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to add the network to the list , to “ curtail logistical , financial and political support for the group 's terrorist activities. ” The appropriate answer to their inquiry would seem obvious . The Haqqanis are both foreign and terrorists , after all .
In the event , Clinton punted the request ; indeed , the matter is not as simple as Graham and Gillibrand seemed to believe . The Haqqani network differs in form , function , and focus from most groups that make the terrorist list . Moreover , it is not at all clear that designating the organization would achieve the intended U.S. policy results .
U.S. terrorism lists have evolved dramatically in the past 30 years . The first list , that of state sponsors of terrorism , drawn up in 1979 , focused on states alone . At the time , that made sense . Regimes in Iran , Libya , and Syria , for example , supported , directed , and supplied terrorist proxies to kill Americans and threaten U.S. interests . The states themselves evaded direct confrontation with the stronger power . By placing state sponsors on the list , which led to cutting off sensitive exports and prohibiting most foreign aid , the United States pressured fragile regimes to change their behavior . Sometimes it worked : In secret negotiations over disarming weapons of mass destruction , Muammar al-Qaddafi 's Libya sought normalization and removal from the list .
But at the end of the Cold War , state sponsors and their toadies lost ground . Independent groups no longer beholden to governments overshadowed them . Both the
Watson calls time on Test career
Shane Watson has announced his retirement from Test cricket effective immediately after another injury setback cut short his ODI tour in the UK .
Watson called time on his career Test career today after he sustained a series-ending calf injury in yesterday 's controversial 64-run ODI win over England at Lord 's .
The 34-year-old , who has repeatedly dealt with injury throughout his 10-year Test career , broke the news to his teammates at their London base this morning ( Sunday ) .
`` It 's been a decision that has n't come lightly , over the last month especially , '' Watson said .
`` I know it 's the right time to move on and still hopefully play the shorter formats of the game , one-dayers and T20s .
`` I 've been through a lot of different waves of emotion about what is right for myself , my family and most importantly the team as well .
`` Over the last couple of days there was a lot of clarity ( for me ) of what the right decision was . I just know that I 've given everything I possibly can to get the best out of myself .
Watson fronts the press with his announcement // cricket.com.au
`` I just know it 's the right time to move on . I do n't have that real fight in me , especially for Test cricket , knowing the lengths physically that I 'd have to go through , mentally and technically as well , to be at my best in Test cricket , so I just know it 's the right time . ''
Watson played 59 Tests for Australia , scoring 3,731 runs , taking 75 wickets and holding 45 catches .
The allrounder leaves Test cricket as a 2013-14 Ashes winner , 2011 Test player of the year , two-time Allan Border Medal winner and became the 44th Test captain of Australia against India in Delhi in 2013 .
Debuting at the SCG against Pakistan in January 2005 , the strapping blond-haired 23-year-old scored 31 and captured the prize scalp of Younis Khan as his first Test wicket .
Watson , picked primarily for his batting prowess , was in and out of the side in his formative years but became a permanent fixture of the Test team from 2009 onwards when he replaced Phillip Hughes at the top of the order for the Third Ashes Test at Edgbaston .
It was in the opening spot that Watson found most success , scoring more than 2,000 runs against the new ball , averaging 42 and posting two of his four centuries .
Two Ashes centuries in 2013 rounded out a career in which his undoubted talents were too often stymied by the ever-present threat of injury .
`` I have n't achieved all the things I dreamed of achieving in my Test career , '' Watson said .
`` Averaging 50 with the bat and in the 20s with the ball , that 's obviously the dream as an allrounder to be able to achieve , and I did n't get anywhere near that .
`` But I do know I gave it everything I possibly can to be able to get the best out of myself . That 's what I 'm most proud of . ''
Watson saluting the crowd after his last Test ton against England in 2013 // Getty Images
Regularly dropping in and out of the team with hamstring , calf and back injuries , Watson appeared in roughly half the Tests Australia took part in from his 2005 debut .
His most recent absence form the side came not due to injury but form , after twin lbw dismissals - his constant nemesis , particularly against England - and the outstanding form of natural replacement Mitchell Marsh led to selectors reconsidering his place in Australia 's best XI following a first Ashes Test defeats in Cardiff .
That match , in which the right-hander made 30 and 19 , proved to be his last in Baggy Green .
`` It was n't really one exact moment , because I 've been through a lot of different mindsets , '' Watson said about the decision of Test retirement .
`` I 've been very lucky to talk to a few people over the last month , but especially the last few days , who have just given me that little bit of clarity ; my family , but one ( close friend ) in particular who went through himself in his career so he just provided a little more clarity about what the right decision was . ''
Bupa Support Team Head Coach Darren Lehmann commented on Watson 's retirement , saying : `` Shane has been a fantastic servant for Australia in Test cricket and he has had a terrific career in that format .
`` He has been an outstanding contributor to the team on and off the field and a great thinker on the game as well as a hugely talented cricketer . Behind the scenes he has done so much work with our younger players and that has been something that has really impressed me .
`` His determination to be the best he can be over more than a decade in the longest format has been an example to everyone and we look forward to him continuing to contribute in limited-overs cricket in the time to come . ''
Australia 's Test captain , Steve Smith , echoed Lehmann 's praise of long-time teammate and friend Watson .
`` It has been a pleasure to play alongside Shane and he has been a huge influence on my career and the team as a whole , '' Smith said .
`` 59 Test matches for Australia are an incredible achievement and he can be extremely proud of everything he has done in the game in the longest format .
`` I 'm looking forward to continuing to play alongside him in One-Day Internationals and Twenty20 Internationals . ''
Is it normal that I 'm this terrified ? Every single organ in your body can turn on you , destroy or kill you . I 'm nowhere near the hypochondriac phase , but I smoke ( potentially destroys your lungs and heart ) , I drink ( potentially destroys your heart and liver ) and cross the street ( potentially destroys your skin and bones ) . I perform tasks every day that could cause injury , I wash knives , I boil water , I turn on the stove . I could burn my whole house down just by incorrectly making some French fries !
With all the potentially dangerous things that could happen , it 's a miracle that people get off the couch . You 're perfectly safe sitting on the couch all day , right ? Well , once the laziness and subsequent obesity settle in , you 've caused a new host of issues .
Are you suitably terrified yet ? Terrific , I will see you jogging in the park tomorrow with your kelp smoothie , I 'm getting another beer .
Advertisements
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea has spent decades screening refugees from a hostile neighbor but some enemy agents manage to get through , underlining the challenges Western nations face in dealing with a far larger influx of people escaping the war in Syria .
Former North Koreans talk in front of the community center of Abaimaul , or `` Town of Grandpas '' in North Korean dialect , a village of low-lying houses by the port of Sokcho , east of Seoul , in this September 17 , 2007 file photo . REUTERS/Han Jae-Ho/Files
Seoul uses lie detectors , interrogation and a screening process that includes keeping people in solitary confinement to catch North Korean agents among genuine asylum seekers .
Still , between 2003 and 2013 , of the 49 North Korean spies apprehended in the South , 21 entered the country posing as refugees , according to the country 's justice ministry .
“ The question of spies slipping through is always a problem , and we need to make the process more meticulous and advanced , ” said Shin Kyung-min , the ranking opposition member of the South Korean parliament 's intelligence committee .
“ But it 's not like we can stop taking in North Korean defectors because of that , ” Shin told Reuters .
There are growing calls in the United States and in Europe to bar tens of thousands of refugees fleeing Syria 's civil war following this month 's Paris attacks because of concerns that vetting processes are not stringent enough and that extremists planning attacks could slip through .
More than 1,000 North Koreans defect to the South every year and are held for up to 180 days while they are screened . If they clear that , the refugees are transferred to a resettlement complex , which they can not leave , for another 12 weeks to help them adjust to life in the South .
New North Korean arrivals to the South , who typically enter via a third country , are brought to a facility in Siheung on the southern outskirts of Seoul . There , they are separated for questioning on their backgrounds and lives in the North , spending time in solitary but comfortable rooms .
No exception is made for families or children , who are taken from their parents and face similar questioning , according to a civic group .
“ It was like writing my autobiography , ” said a 59-year-old female defector who spent three months at the interrogation center from 2012 and asked that she not be named because she is not supposed to talk about the process .
“ I talked about my whole life in chronological order and got checked , ” she told Reuters .
“ I came here to change my life so there was nothing that I was afraid of . ”
Lie detectors are used as a basic tool , as many defectors from the isolated and impoverished North are undocumented , a former National Intelligence Service official said .
A typical interrogation starts with the defector 's address , and the program has built a database with locations , names and other details to compare with their story , Shin , the lawmaker said .
The National Intelligence Service declined to comment for this article .
The program has succeeded in weeding out about 120 bogus defectors and 14 spies , local media reports last year said , citing intelligence officials . Fake defectors are believed mainly to consist of ethnic Korean citizens of mainland China . The numbers could not be independently verified .
Those found not to be North Korean defectors are deported , while those determined to be spies are prosecuted , according to South Korean authorities .
SUBMARINES AND GUNFIGHTS
Pyongyang is believed to have begun sending spies posing as defectors to the South in the late 1990s when large batches of refugees fled a massive , deadly famine .
Before that , South Korea occasionally caught armed spies who had infiltrated from across the militarized border , or via small submarines in the dark of night . Some confrontations between North Korean agents and South Korean security forces ended in deadly gunfights .
“ It is not an easy process because they are disguised as refugees , highly trained , dispatched by counter-South espionage agencies , ” said Jun Ok-hyun , a former deputy director of South Korea 's spy agency who retired in 2009 .
“ The more defectors come , the stronger the review process should be because it could be easier for North Korea to send spies as fake refugees , ” he told Reuters .
Once refugees are cleared by intelligence officials , they move to a resettlement center where they learn practical aspects of life in the modern , capitalist South , such as using an ATM and the differences in local usage of a common language that has evolved separately during seven decades of division .
They also get health checks , nutritional support and vocational training .
When defectors leave the resettlement center and move into the general population , police officers are assigned to protect and manage them , according to police officials who declined to elaborate .
Shin , the opposition lawmaker , noted that most North Koreans entering the South are genuine refugees and said the screening program is “ quite impressive ” .
“ The challenge for us is to pick out the spies getting increasingly sophisticated in fabricating their stories . ”
BAR ELIAS , Lebanon ( Reuters ) - Syrian refugee Hussein Hammoud is banking on a broom handle to protect his 12 children from the winter cold . He is using one to prop up the flimsy shelter that has already collapsed once this year under the weight of snow in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley .
Syrian women hold milk while riding a motorcycle near an informal settlement for Syrian refugees in Bar Elia , Bekaa valley , Lebanon , January 6 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jamal Saidi
“ The snow brought down the tent on our heads , it broke the wooden frame , ” said the 37-year-old from southern Aleppo , a refugee from the war that has been raging in neighboring Syria for nearly five years . “ The assistance reaching us is very little in winter - no blankets , no mattresses . ”
More than 1 million Syrians are enduring another winter as refugees in Lebanon . For some , it is their fifth in a row , displaced by a war that has driven 4.4 million Syrians into neighboring states from where many are trying to reach Europe .
While the first snow has melted at Hammoud 's camp in Bar elias , rainfall permeates the plastic sheets that fail to fully shield this underneath from the elements . Some bear the emblems of U.N. aid agencies . Others are advertising hoardings .
The snow-capped mountains of nearby Mount Lebanon are visible from the camp comprising around 30 tents separated by a dirt pathway that turns to mud in winter . It is one of more than 3,000 such settlements scattered across Lebanon .
“ We have no fuel . Nobody is giving us fuel , and the water in the tent is this much , ” said a woman in a purple scarf who gave her name as Umm Khalaf , holding her hands apart to show how badly it had flooded .
The winter brings other problems , too . Refugees in remote areas stranded by snow can not reach shops to buy food and water .
“ Clean water freezes in the tanks , sanitation becomes an issue , and diseases can spread more easily , ” said Fran Beyrtison , Lebanon representative of aid agency Oxfam .
“ Lebanon and the UN recently issued an appeal to help up to 2.9 million vulnerable people . The international community needs to fund this appeal urgently to allow aid to reach people in need , ” she said . The appeal , for $ 2.5 billion , includes vulnerable Lebanese in addition to Syrian refugees .
UNHCR , the U.N. refugee agency , has provided support including stoves , blankets , mattresses and “ insulation kits ” that include insulating foam and timber , though these are designed for refugees living in larger buildings , said Dana Sleiman , UNHCR spokeswoman in Lebanon .
“ We did our best to make sure that refugees are able to stay as warm and dry as possible this winter and avoid some of the issues we saw last year , like flooding , ” she said .
For Umm Khalaf and others at Bar elias , another problem is explaining the situation to their children .
“ The children cry and ask ‘ Why is this happening ' ? We reply ‘ God will take care of it ' . What can we do ? ” she said .
Energy-dense biofuel from cellulose close to being economical
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . – A new Purdue University-developed process for creating biofuels has shown potential to be cost-effective for production scale , opening the door for moving beyond the laboratory setting .
A Purdue economic analysis shows that the cost of the thermo-chemical H2Bioil method is competitive when crude oil is about $ 100 per barrel when using certain energy methods to create hydrogen needed for the process . If a federal carbon tax were implemented , the biofuel would become even more economical .
H2Bioil is created when biomass , such as switchgrass or corn stover , is heated rapidly to about 500 degrees Celcius in the presence of pressurized hydrogen . Resulting gases are passed over catalysts , causing reactions that separate oxygen from carbon molecules , making the carbon molecules high in energy content , similar to gasoline molecules .
The conversion process was created in the lab of Rakesh Agrawal , Purdue 's Winthrop E. Stone Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering . He said H2Bioil has significant advantages over traditional standalone methods used to create fuels from biomass .
`` The process is quite fast and converts entire biomass to liquid fuel , '' Agrawal said . `` As a result , the yields are substantially higher . Once the process is fully developed , due to the use of external hydrogen , the yield is expected to be two to three times that of the current competing technologies . ''
The economic analysis , published in the June issue of Biomass Conversion and Biorefinery , shows that the energy source used to create hydrogen for the process makes all the difference when determining whether the biofuel is cost-effective . Hydrogen processed using natural gas or coal makes the H2Bioil cost-effective when crude oil is just over $ 100 per barrel . But hydrogen derived from other , more expensive , energy sources - nuclear , wind or solar - drive up the break-even point .
`` We 're in the ballpark , '' said Wally Tyner , Purdue 's James and Lois Ackerman Professor of Agricultural Economics . `` In the past , I have said that for biofuels to be competitive , crude prices would need to be at about $ 120 per barrel . This process looks like it could be competitive when crude is even a little cheaper than that . ''
Agrawal said he and colleagues Fabio Ribeiro , a Purdue professor of chemical engineering , and Nick Delgass , Purdue 's Maxine Spencer Nichols Professor of Chemical Engineering , are working to develop catalysts needed for the H2Bioil conversion processes . The method 's initial implementation has worked on a laboratory scale and is being refined so it would become effective on a commercial scale .
`` This economic analysis shows us that the process is viable on a commercial scale , '' Agrawal said . `` We can now go back to the lab and focus on refining and improving the process with confidence . ''
The model Tyner used assumed that corn stover , switchgrass and miscanthus would be the primary feedstocks . The analysis also found that if a federal carbon tax were introduced , driving up the cost of coal and natural gas , more expensive methods for producing hydrogen would become competitive .
`` If we had a carbon tax in the future , the break-even prices would be competitive even for nuclear , '' Tyner said . `` Wind and solar , not yet , but maybe down the road . ''
The U.S. Department of Energy and the Air Force Office of Scientific Research funded the research . Agrawal and his collaborators received a U.S. patent for the conversion process .
Writer : Brian Wallheimer , 765-496-2050 , bwallhei @ purdue.edu
Sources : Wally Tyner , 765-494-0199 , wtyner @ purdue.edu
Rakesh Agrawal , 765-494-2257 , agrawalr @ purdue.edu
Ag Communications : ( 765 ) 494-2722 ;
Keith Robinson , robins89 @ purdue.edu
Agriculture News Page
Georgina Saldierna
Periódico La Jornada
Sábado 19 de mayo de 2012 , p. 8
En el PAN impera el desánimo . Integrantes de la cúpula blanquiazul dan prácticamente como un hecho que perderán la Presidencia de la República en los comicios del 1º de julio próximo y culpan al coordinador de la campaña , Roberto Gil Zuarth , de los errores que han impactado las preferencias electorales de la aspirante a Los Pinos , Josefina Vázquez Mota .
Aunque en declaraciones públicas , los dirigentes del panismo insisten en que aún hay tiempo de remontar las encuestas y elevar las preferencias electorales a favor de su abanderada , en privado reconocen que la situación es difícil .
Ya vamos de salida , confió uno , mientras otros reconocen que el PAN no sólo se encuentran en una posición complicada respecto de la elección presidencial , sino también en relación con los comicios estatales concurrentes .
De siete gubernaturas en disputa , sólo hay certeza de ganar la de Guanajuato y eso por la existencia de una red territorial que ha permitido al PAN permanecer en la administración estatal desde 1991 .
Pero el resto se ven complicadas . En el caso Morelos y Jalisco , en manos del blanquiazul , también se dan por perdidas .
Representantes de varias corrientes internas del PAN , incluida la ultraderecha que apoyo la candidatura de Vázquez Mota desde la precampaña , explican que la pérdida de la Presidencia que ya se vislumbra no sólo se tendrá que atribuir a los errores en la coordinación de la campaña –en manos de Gil Zuarth– , sino también a que el presidente Felipe Calderón no ha cumplido con su tarea como panista , de respaldar a la ex secretaria de Educación Pública .
Así , menudean los señalamientos contra Gil , a quien se acusa de inexperto y carente de aptitudes para coordinar los trabajos de proselitismo , así como de cometer errores que cualquier persona que se inicia en la política no haría .
Para muestra un botón , comentan . Basta ver la agenda interna del inicio de la campaña de Vázquez Mota en el Estadio Azul , para darse cuenta que la gente se iba a salir cuando la candidata estuviera hablando ante el auditorio . Ello porque se tenía previsto que a la una de la tarde se irían los autobuses que trasladaron a los asistentes , mientras la llegada de la abanderada presidencial al coso estaba calculado para las 12 del día .
Abstract This book is comprised of one study and three field evaluations of civic tech initiatives in developing countries . The study reviews evidence on the use of twenty-three information and communication technology ( ICT ) platforms designed to amplify citizen voices to improve service delivery . Focusing on empirical studies of initiatives in the global south , the authors highlight both citizen uptake ( yelp ) and the degree to which public service providers respond to expressions of citizen voice ( teeth ) . The first evaluation looks at U-report in Uganda , a mobile platform that runs weekly large-scale polls with young Ugandans on a number of issues , ranging from safety to access to education to inflation to early marriage . The following evaluation takes a closer look at MajiVoice , an initiative that allows Kenyan citizens to report , through multiple channels , complaints with regard to water services . The third evaluation examines the case of Rio Grande do Sul 's participatory budgeting - the world 's largest participatory budgeting system - which allows citizens to participate either online or offline in defining the state 's yearly spending priorities . While the comparative study has a clear focus on the dimension of government responsiveness , the evaluations examine civic technology initiatives using five distinct dimensions , or lenses . The choice of these lenses is the result of an effort bringing together researchers and practitioners to develop an evaluation framework suitable to civic technology initiatives .
Citation “ Peixoto , Tiago ; Sifry , Micah L .. 2017 . Civic Tech in the Global South : Assessing Technology for the Public Good . Washington , DC : World Bank and Personal Democracy Press . © World Bank . https : //openknowledge.worldbank.org/handle/10986/27947 License : CC BY 3.0 IGO . ”
Mirror 's Edge Catalyst “ Definitely Meeting Our Expectations , ” EA Says
In an interview at EA Play last month , Laura Miele , EA 's Executive VP of Global Publishing , told Games Industry that Mirror 's Edge Catalyst was “ definitely meeting our expectations . ”
She continued :
We are pretty happy to bring this character and this world to market . It 's a big open world game , so we made a lot of evolution from the original experience and we 're very proud of that . I also think that Mirror 's Edge as a game IP – we talked earlier about the EA Originals , about having creative content , having a first person action game , having Faith and her story and character as a mix in the industry , is important for us . I think it 's important for EA to continue to do all games , big and small , and I 'm really proud that we stayed committed to bringing that game to market .
Catalyst released a few days ahead of EA Play and finished its launch week in 2nd in the UK , and 9th in Japan . The sales rankings for June in the United States will be released soon .
Discussing the creative risks EA is taking , Miele said , “ I think we actually have made quite a bit of progress that we have n't publicly disclosed about what we 're working on . So I feel like we 've made the most progress in things that are going to be coming out in the future that we have n't talked about yet . ”
These risks include Catalyst , as well as Unravel , which “ was a big hit for us from an indie creativity perspective . But stay tuned because there 's more ahead for us . ”
While Miele also sees what they 're doing with the Star Wars franchise as being creative , she ca n't say anything quite yet . “ Some of our Star Wars experiences , I know we ca n't announce yet , but there will be new characters and new story lines , which will be part of Star Wars canon as it goes forward . So I think we believe that we 're innovating and creating in important areas , particularly in the action category , that we 're really proud of that we can talk about at a different time , ” she said .
Touching on virtual reality , Miele explained that VR 's a few years away from being meaningful to them , as they 're waiting for the installation base to grow :
We believe that the immersion of that experience and to change your gameplay in that significant of a way is really meaningful for the industry . We just think it 's going to probably take a little bit longer for the installation base and for the market to get to a place , from a business perspective , that will be meaningful for us . We think it 's a few years away still but we 're incredibly inspired and motivated by what the VR hardware teams are doing . We have labs and innovation teams developing for most of the platforms internally . So we actually have VR experiences within our company that are expressed on multiple platforms today .
While they are n't fully supporting VR yet , EA will be releasing the Star Wars Battlefront X-Wing VR Mission for PlayStation VR . As for those internal projects they have , “ some are new IP and some are entirely new experiences that would not have expressed themselves in gaming before a VR experience… You have to think about what is the value and what is the meaning of this experience and how would you build an IP or an experience around that ? ”
She also touched on the Battlefield vs Call of Duty rivalry , saying that the “ healthy competition in our industry is fun , ” and she “ welcome [ s ] the competitive challenge , but I also have a lot of respect for what our competitors do when new games come to market . I think it 's just a fun competition and I think our fans and our players love to play it up . ”
[ Source : Games Industry ]
Environmentalists say Asian carp , an invasive species of food-guzzling fish , could cause an ecological disaster if it enters Lake Michigan
The fight looks utterly unequal . In the red corner : the combined might of North America , including the US and Canadian governments , the US army , the governors of eight American states , two Senate c­ommittees and the supreme court . In the blue corner : one fish .
The way things are looking , the fish is winning .
At stake is the health of the Great Lakes , the world 's largest body of fresh water . Environmentalists warn of ecological disaster , courtesy of Asian carp , an invasive species of food-guzzling fish that is within miles of entering Lake Michigan .
If they do , they would have the ­potential to spread throughout the lakes , wreaking havoc to their ecosystem and with it the $ 7bn ( £4.7bn ) fishing and recreation industries on which millions of jobs depend . `` This is an intense threat , and people are just waking up to how big the danger is , '' said David Ullrich of the Great Lakes and St Lawrence Cities Initiative , which represents 70 waterfront cities in the US and Canada with a joint population of 13 million .
Asian carp were first introduced to southern states of the US from China in the 1970s to help clean tanks in fish farms . They escaped and for more than 30 years have steadily worked their way up the Mississippi river system , devouring food and devastating native fish populations along the way . Last December , DNA of the carp was found just a few miles from the Great Lakes outside Chicago , a discovery that Ullrich described as `` a major shock to everyone '' .
Though they live on plankton and algae , Asian carp are like the Terminators of the fish world . They can grow to four feet and 110 pounds , and eat up to 40 % of their body weight in a single day . By sucking up so much goodness from the water they deprive the juveniles of native species of their primary source of food , leading to their decline .
Further downstream from the Great Lakes , in the Illinois and Mississippi ­rivers , the damage is already abundantly evident . The newcomers have starved out native species to such an extent that Asian carp now account for more than nine out of every 10 fish .
The fear is that if they become established in the Great Lakes the same brutal transformation will occur .
The lakes are considered all the more susceptible because they were formed at the end of the last ice age as the glaciers receded . That was 10,000 years ago , which in biological terms is a blink of an eye , rendering this young ecosystem all the more vulnerable to invasive attack .
As an additional threat , the silver variety of Asian carp also have the ability to leap two metres into the air , which they do when disturbed by ­vibrations of passing motorboats . Such acrobatics would be quaint were they not so perilous .
`` These fish have broken jaws , knocked people unconscious and caused folks to nearly drown in the Mississippi river , '' said Joel Brammeier of the environmental group Alliance for the Great Lakes . `` Imagine cruising down a lake at 20 knots and getting hit in the stomach or head with a bowling ball – that 's what you can envisage with Asian carp . ''
With the fish now within striking distance of the lakes , an extraordinary array of officialdom has begun to engage with the problem , from small fishing and shipping firms right up to the federal government , Congress and supreme court . Everyone is agreed that the fish must be stopped , but consensus on how to do so is proving elusive .
Earlier this month the Obama administration put forward a $ 78.5m plan for blocking the fish . Its focus lies in an electronic barrier that has been built by the US army corps of engineers across a canal through which the fish would have to swim to reach the lakes . The barrier , opened last year , has been designed to allow ships to pass while deterring fish . It works by shooting a high-voltage current through the water strong enough to stun , but not kill , the carp .
The crucial question is whether it is foolproof . `` I do n't think we can ever guarantee 100 % of anything in life , but we think it 's well above 99 % of the fish that are turned back , '' said Chuck Shea , who manages the barrier .
But for those who fear that arrival of the fish would spell disaster , that 1 % risk is simply too high – particularly as the carp DNA found last December was beyond the barrier . The state of Michigan , supported by Minnesota , Wisconsin , Ohio , Pennsylvania and New York , all of which have Great Lakes shores , has taken the matter to the supreme court to force through a permanent solution .
These states are pressing for the ultimate barrier : they want to set the clock back 110 years to when the lakes were distinct from the Mississippi river system . It was only in 1900 that the connection between the two was made when , in a breathtaking – some say breathtakingly arrogant – feat of engineering , the flow of the Chicago river was reversed to allow billions of gallons of waste water to be sent downriver from Chicago thus solving the city 's sewerage problem .
As a result of the reversal , Lake Michigan was artificially joined by canal to the Illinois river and hence the Mississippi , providing the Asian carp more than a century later with an artificial pathway into the Great Lakes .
Michigan wants that pathway to be cut off , by sealing the locks that link the two ecosystems . The state , whose economy is singularly dependant on the Great Lakes by dint of its long shoreline , is not satisfied by the Obama administration 's proposal merely to restrict use of the locks . Michigan 's attorney general recently denounced the federal plans as `` half-measures and gimmicks '' .
Against that view , the state of ­Illinois has been pressing for the locks to remain at least partially open . Economic ­imperative is at work here , too .
Chicago , a city whose greatness was ­initially founded upon shipping , still has a small but significant trade in heavy materials such as coal and gravel by barge along the canal through which the carp are now progressing in the opposite direction .
Judy Biggert , a Chicago member of congress , has labelled the outcry over Asian carp `` hysteria '' and ridiculed Michigan and others for their `` act now , think later mentality '' .
The fear for environmentalists is that while this largely economically-driven squabbling goes on , Asian carp will be allowed to continue gobbling their way towards Lake Michigan . Should they be allowed to reach there in numbers ­sufficient to start a breeding colony — and females can spawn more than a ­million eggs several times in a season — it will all be over bar the shouting .
Brammeier sees Asian carp as a crucible for the lakes , pointing out that they have already been severely harmed by toxic waste and 180 previous invasive species . `` We know so much about this new threat . If , after all that , we still ca n't act , if we stand down , then we will be confining the Great Lakes to another century of damage and degradation . ''
Two German citizens were attacked—one was abducted and the other killed—earlier this month while sailing their yacht near Sabah , a Malaysian state in Borneo . And over the weekend , two Indonesian fishermen were abducted in two separate incidents off Sabah . In October , a South Korean ship was seized , with its captain and Philippine crewmember also taken hostage .
Militant group Abu Sayyaf is believed to be responsible for the violence , according to the Philippine military .
Based in the southern Philippine province of Mindanao , Abu Sayyaf has increasingly taken to maritime kidnappings for ransom payments , which brought in nearly $ 7.3 million so far this year , the Associated Press reported last month , citing a Philippine government report . One of Abu Sayyaf 's goals is to establish an independent state based on Shariah law in Mindanao and preserve its ethnic Moro community .
The onslaughts are a mixture of opportunistic and calculated crime , explained Zachary Abuza , a professor specializing in Southeast Asian security issues at the National War College . Abu Sayyaf can score a quick payoff through kidnappings and use the funds to finance broader terror operations , he said .
That modus operandi is symbolic of the wider trends in global piracy . A report by IHS Markit earlier this month found that while the number of piracy attacks around the world have generally decreased , kidnapping had become more common . The seas around the Philippines were the most pirated , followed by Nigeria and India , the report said .
The Canadian company owns a nine-seater Dassault F50EX , which features beige leather interior , polished Swiss woodwork and gold-plated hardware , that could fetch up to $ 7m .
A 14-seater Dassault may also be sold , while costs related to maintenance and ground crew could be slashed .
`` We 're looking at options with both our aircraft costs and finding ways to reduce our travel while still making sure we keep in close contact with our partners around the world , '' a company spokesperson said . `` It 's all part of the effort to find ways to reduce costs and drive efficiencies that [ chief executive ] Thorsten Heins has talked about . ''
Mr Heins said on Tuesday that RIM needs to become a `` lean , mean hunting machine '' .
The company is cutting $ 1bn ( £644m ) in costs and almost a third of its 16,500-strong workforce as it loses further ground to Apple and Samsung in the smartphone market .
Mr Heins , a former Siemens executive who has led RIM since January , admitted at the company 's shareholder meeting in Waterloo , Ontario , that he was `` not satisfied '' with its performance .
RIM shares plunged at the end of last month after the the launch of the BlackBerry 10 , a phone the company is betting will revive its fortunes , was again delayed .
The setback was not related to the phone 's `` quality , architecture or the functionality , '' Mr Heins insisted on Tuesday . `` I will not deliver a product to market that is not ready to meet the needs of our customers . ''
However , pushing back its introduction until the first quarter of next year means that the new Apple iPhone and the phone that Microsoft is working on will both reach consumers first .
RIM said it has hired a headhunter to help expand the board . But a shareholder received loud applause for arguing that RIM 's board should be dismissed . Having invented and long dominated the smartphone market , there is real anger among investors that the company has been eclipsed by Apple and the army of phones that now use Google 's Android operating system .
Almost 20pc of shareholders refused to support the re-election to the board of Mike Lazaridis , the company 's co-founder .
Mr Heins said that the company is cutting its number of manufacturing plants from 10 to three , and is also outsourcing its repair services in an effort to rein in costs . RIM has already cut $ 300m of the $ 1bn in annual savings it intends to achieve .
While the company is under pressure to cut costs , Mr Heins said that it will begin to increase advertising for the new phone in the final three months of the year .
In an op-ed for The New York Times , Bill Clinton 's former pollster promises Democrats the key to victory : a rightward shift . While the debate over what direction Democrats should take will rage all the way to 2020 , Penn 's column is notable for its bad faith , its blatant contradictions , and its misreading of liberal politics . It feels like a dispatch from a bizarre parallel universe , where abortion and LGBT rights are not under attack , where a balanced budget is still the apex of “ serious ” policy thinking , and where America does not suffer from grotesque wealth inequality :
After years of leftward drift by the Democrats culminated in Republican control of the House under Speaker Newt Gingrich , President Bill Clinton moved the party back to the center in 1995 by supporting a balanced budget , welfare reform , a crime bill that called for providing 100,000 new police officers and a step-by-step approach to broadening health care . Mr. Clinton won a resounding re-election victory in 1996 and Democrats were back .
This passage neatly illustrates the dangers of thinking in politics in simple , electoral terms . Penn ignores the real-world outcome here : welfare reform resulted in an increase in deep poverty , and broken-windows policing entrenched institutionalized racism . But Bill Clinton won , so who cares ? It also sidesteps the primary reason Gingrich & Co. stormed to power in 1994 : Clinton 's aborted attempt to pass a universal health insurance program , which is now a mainstay of the Democratic Party platform .
Penn 's confused thinking is evident elsewhere . Take this passage :
There are plenty of good issues Democrats should be championing . They need to reject socialist ideas and adopt an agenda of renewed growth , greater protection for American workers and a return to fiscal responsibility . While the old brick-and-mortar economy is being regulated to death , the new tech-driven economy has been given a pass to flout labor laws with unregulated , low-paying gig jobs , to concentrate vast profits and to decimate retailing . Rural areas have been left without adequate broadband and with shrinking opportunities . The opioid crisis has spiraled out of control , killing tens of thousands , while pardons have been given to so-called nonviolent drug offenders .
Reject socialist ideas—but protect workers ! Protect workers—but stop regulating companies to death ! Expand broadband and solve the opioid crisis—but never , never forget fiscal responsibility !
Penn also addresses the party 's approach to the working class . According to Penn , Democrats alienated this group by shifting leftward on trade , immigration , and policing . There is a simple test for determining what is a serious political opinion in 2017 and what is not , and it is this : Does the writer understand that the working class is not all white ? In Penn 's case the answer appears to be “ no . ”
Furthermore , issues like trans rights—Penn singles out the bathroom debate as a culture war flashpoint—are n't electoral death for Democrats . In North Carolina , Roy Cooper unseated Pat McCrory due largely to McCrory 's unpopular support of the so-called “ bathroom bill . ”
But Penn is used to being wrong . After working for Bill Clinton , he worked for Hillary Clinton 's 2008 campaign—she lost , of course , to Barack Obama , who ran to her left at the time and is mostly absent from Penn 's version of history , despite uniting the party 's factions and winning the general election twice . ( Penn concludes with an ode to “ can-do Democrats in the mold of John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton ” —not Obama . ) He also worked for Tony Blair , that paragon of centrist war-mongering virtue ; Blair recently covered himself in glory by calling for a similar return to the center , just before Labour 's unapologetically left-wing manifesto earned it unforeseen success in the U.K. 's snap election .
It is telling—deeply , devastatingly telling—that Penn has apparently learned nothing from his decades in politics . His thoughts are stale ; his politics are discredited . The Democratic Party should ignore him for its own benefit—and ours .
On Tuesday , private spaceflight venture Blue Origin invited a select group of space reporters to the company 's headquarters in Kent , Washington . It was the first time the normally secretive company — helmed by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos — opened its doors to journalists . About 10 or 11 reporters walked the floor of the facility with Bezos himself , getting exclusive access to Blue Origin 's rocket-building operations and information about the company 's future , according to today 's reports . Nearly all of those reporters were men .
Tuesday was also International Women 's Day . I celebrated by being left out of an important aerospace reporting event I should have been covering . And I was n't the only female space journalist who was excluded , either .
It appears only two women were at Blue Origin 's event
Space journalism has long been a male-dominated field , so it 's not unusual that events like Blue Origin 's have more men than women in attendance . At Virgin Galactic 's spaceplane unveiling in February , I was one of only a handful of women in the press room . That 's changing , though — more women are writing about space . It appears only two women were at Blue Origin 's event : Irene Klotz from Reuters and Donna Gordon Blankinship from the Associated Press . But that means Miriam Kramer from Mashable , Sarah Fecht from Popular Science , Maddie Stone from Gizmodo , Nadia Drake from National Geographic , and Clara Moskowitz from Scientific American were excluded . And no one from Space.com — a site devoted entirely to space coverage that employs many female reporters — got access either . Wired 's space reporter is a woman , but it appears she did n't go either .
I emailed Julie Arnold , the spokesperson for Blue Origin , to ask why I 'd been excluded . She replied that the company `` could only accommodate a limited number of outlets for this tour . '' Included among those outlets were a local Seattle tech site called GeekWire , Florida Today , and the Huntsville Times — not exactly national news presences on the scale of AP , Reuters , or the New York Times . The facility does n't seem very cramped based on the pictures that were taken . I asked Arnold why so few women were admitted access — or at least I tried to . Two additional emails and a phone call were n't answered .
Blue Origin 's selective exposure is just another example of how women are routinely and subversively sidelined in science . It 's the leaky pipeline in full effect : subtle discrimination discourages and limits women from achieving important milestones in their science careers . Women often have to fight to be included for opportunities that are freely handed to men . Or their accomplishments run the risk of being ignored , making them feel unwelcome in their field . The result ? Many women ultimately leave science and science-related fields to pursue something else . For instance , women earn nearly half of all PhDs related to math and science , but women hold only 24 percent of the jobs in STEM fields , according to a 2011 report from the The Department of Commerce . The consequences are felt in science journalism as well . Women make up around two-thirds of students enrolled in journalism schools , according to the University of Georgia . But women contributed only 35 percent of science news in 2015 , Women 's Media Center found . What these numbers seem to show is that gender discrimination is normal . That does n't , however , make it right .
Its invitations do send an implied message : the company does n't value female voices
Women who do stick it out in science are fighting harder than their male peers just to do their work . Numerous stories have surfaced this past year highlighting the culture of sexual harassment that pervades astronomy and other academic fields ; cases have emerged at Berkeley , the California Institute of Technology , the University of Arizona , and the Museum of Natural History . The stories have spawned the hashtag # astroSH , inspiring hundreds of women in science to share their personal experiences of harassment on Twitter . Women are still undervalued in science — especially when it comes to space — and not enough is being done to fix it .
I do n't mean to suggest that Blue Origin purposefully excluded certain journalists because we are women . But its invitations do send an implied message : the company does n't value female voices . And the first tour of the secretive company is a get — something that would give a reporter the credentials to do other serious stories . By inviting mostly men for the opportunity , Blue Origin has ensured that female reporters wo n't have either the access or the show-stopping story that would allow them to advance in a male-dominated field . The harder it is to advance , the harder it is to be taken seriously . And that makes it harder for women to stay engaged in science at all .
Update March 11th 10:56AM ET : The article has been updated to include another excluded female space reporter .
Update March 10th 1:54PM ET : The article has been updated to include an additional female space reporter who was excluded from the event .
Verge Video : Virgin Galactic unveils its new ship
When it comes to rare and desirable sports cars , this M1 Procar sits at the top of any drivers wish list .
Just 40 examples were produced for the BMW M1 Procar Championship racing series between 1979 and 1980 , and this is number 31 . This M1 originally served as a backup race car that did n't make it to the track , so ended up as a road car .
The car was sold in Germany to its original owner in November of 1979 . The exterior color is Basalt Blau , a factory BMW color that was never offered to the public on an M1 , but was featured on four special M1s built for the BMW Board and family .
The car was an immediate hit when it first appeared at the 2016 Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion .
As you can see in the photos below , no expense was spared in returning this car to its former glory .
What are functional , stateless components ?
React 0.14 introduced functional , stateless components as a way to define React components as a function , rather than as an ES2015 class or via React.createClass .
Prior to React 0.14 , writing a presentational component ( that is , one that just renders props , and does n't have state ) , could be fairly verbose :
const Username = React . createClass ( { render ( ) { return < p > The logged-in user is : { this . props . username } < /p > ; } , } ) ; // OR : class Username extends React . Component { render ( ) { return < p > The logged-in user is : { this . props . username } < /p > ; } }
React 0.14 introduced functional stateless components ( or , from now on , FSCs ) , which lets you express the above more succinctly :
const Username = function ( props ) { return < p > The logged-in user is : { props . username } < /p > ; } ;
Which , via ES2015 arrow functions , destructuring and implicit returns can be cut down really nicely :
const Username = ( { username } ) = > < p > The logged-in user is : { username } < /p > ;
FSCs not only provide a cleaner syntax but also have some other benefits that I 'd like to talk about today , along with a couple of gotchas and things to look out for .
It 's also important to note that you can have stateless class components , and that in the future we might be able to have functional , stateful components . Tyler McGinnis ' post on the different types of components does a great job of laying out all the different terminology .
I think the primary benefit of FSCs is simplicity , and to me they act as a visual signal : “ this component is solely props in , rendered UI out ” . If I see a class component , I do have to scan through to see what lifecycle methods it may be using , and what callbacks it may have . If I see an FSC , I know it is n't doing anything fancy . There are definitely times I 'll write a stateless class component so I can define callback methods as class properties ( especially if I 'm passing prop values into a callback prop ) , but I 'll write FSCs to signal that “ this is a very straightforward rendering component ” .
FSCs lead to simplicity and offer visual cues
Mark , who I asked to review this post , made a great point in his review that FSCs offer visual cues that a component is solely taking some props and rendering output . If you have a class component , you have to read through the code to see if it deals with state , has lifecycle hooks , and so on . FSCs by definition have to be simple and that can save you time as a developer .
If you do have a component that does n't have any state , but needs to define lifecycle methods , or have many event handlers , you should still prefer class components , even if they do n't use state , but for presentational components FSCs are a perfect fit .
The syntax of FSCs encourages stateless components
Stateless components ( also known as presentational components ) should make up the bulk of your React applications . As a general rule of thumb , the less stateful components your application has , the better . Stateless components are easier to test , because you never have to interact or set up state . You can pass them props and assert on their output , and never have to test user interactions . They will generally have fewer bugs in them ; in my experience components that have and change state over time are where most bugs will occur .
It 's hard to convert a FSC to a stateful component
Imagine you have a component that you think you might need to add state to . It 's actually a fair bit of manual work to convert a FSC to a stateful component , regardless of if you 're using ES2015 classes or React.createClass . Although this used to really frustrate me , I 've come to appreciate this because it makes you think about if you really want to add state to the component . When you have a class component with just a render method , it 's trivial to add state , but with a FSC it needs to be converted . Making it harder to quickly add state to a component is a good thing ; you should carefully consider if you really need to .
To be clear ; there are times when you can convert a FSC to a stateful component with good reason , but make sure you have that reason first and you 've fully thought it through .
FSCs are not bound to React
In the world of JavaScript a new framework comes and goes every day ; we 've all seen the satirical blog posts about frameworks and version numbers of frameworks . But a FSC is not tied to React at all , other than the fact that it uses the JSX syntax . If you wanted to switch to another framework , or one day React stopped being worked on , it would be easy for another framework to add support for FSCs and make the adoption path easy . There 's no reason React will cease to exist - but in general I 've found the less code in your app that 's bound to a specific framework , the better .
FSCs are great for styling ( particularly on smaller projects )
In smaller projects , or small hack days , I 've found that I will often use FSCs to very quickly create components that are used purely for styling :
const MyBlueButton = props = > { const styles = { background : 'blue ' , color : 'white ' } ; return < button { ... props } style = { styles } / > ; } ;
In the future , FSCs may be optimised for performance by React
In the release for React 0.14 , it was noted that in the future there are potential optimisations that React can make for FSCs :
In the future , we 'll also be able to make performance optimizations specific to these components by avoiding unnecessary checks and memory allocations .
Whilst this is still work that is on going , clearly the React team are heavily behind FSCs as the building blocks of your applications :
This pattern is designed to encourage the creation of these simple components that should comprise large portions of your apps .
Not only should you use FSCs because the React team encourages it , but in a future release of React you may see good performance increases by doing so . Note that currently there are no optimisations done on FSCs . Whilst it is planned after the work on React Fiber , there is currently no difference in performance .
Event handlers and FSCs
It 's a bit of a misconception that FSCs do n't allow you to define event handlers . You can just define them in-line :
const SomeButton = props = > { const onClick = e = > ( ... ) return < button onClick = { onClick } > Click me ! < /button > }
It 's important to note that this is n't the most efficient way of doing this ; every time the component is run to potentially be rerendered , the onClick function will be redefined . This is work that you might want to avoid - and in some performance critical applications you might see this make a small difference . You 'll find many blog posts online saying you should never do this , but the reality is for most applications that the optimisations will not be noticed . You should be aware of this and know that in certain situations it might really hurt performance , but do n't shy away from adding an event handler in an FSC because of it .
If you do really want to avoid this , you have two choices . You either need to turn the component into a full component , or you can pull the event handler out of the FSC ( only if you do n't want to refer to the component 's props , which means this often is n't feasible ) :
const onClick = e = > ( ... ) const SomeButton = props = > { return < button onClick = { onClick } > Click me ! < /button > }
You can still define propTypes and defaultProps in FSCs
When using FSCs , you define propTypes and defaultProps on the function itself :
const Username = props = > < p > ... < /p > ; Username . propTypes = { username : React . PropTypes . string . isRequired , } ; Username . defaultProps = { username : 'Jack ' , } ;
Context in FSCs
Although you should generally be wary of context in React , as I blogged about recently , FSCs do still support context if you need them to . When using context , it 's simply passed in as the second argument :
const Username = ( props , context ) = > < p > Username is { context . name } < /p > ; FooComponent . contextTypes = { name : React . PropTypes . string . isRequired , } ;
On the whole I advise mostly against context , for reasons documented in the above blog post , but it 's good to know that if you need it , you are able to use it .
Conclusion
To conclude , I would actively encourage you to think about using FSCs for as much of your application as you can . They are cleaner , have the potential to be more performant as React develops , and encourage good patterns in your React codebase that will lead to a more maintainable application as it grows .
Huge thanks to Mark Erikson for taking time to review this blog post .
Do n't miss my latest course , React in Five ! This course will help you level up your React skills by covering lesser known parts of the React API . Each video is less than five minutes long , and the first four are free to watch . Get started now .
by ROBERT BECKHUSEN
The American-led air campaign over Iraq has a pattern — and patterns change . What the Pentagon sees as the most important part of the battlefield is what it 'll bomb the most . As the lines shift , so do the air strikes .
What we 've seen this month is a radical shift in the air campaign away from the oil refinery of Beiji — and the Kurdish ground war in northern Iraq to a lesser extent — to Ramadi .
Which makes sense . Iraqi forces defending Ramadi , the capital of Anbar province , collapsed in the face of a massive Islamic State assault on May 17 . The militant group took the city in a lightning assault after a months-long siege , and has carried out summary executions . Around 55,000 civilians have fled .
But before the collapse , the U.S. did n't view Ramadi as very important . From March 1 to the city 's fall , the coalition carried out 17 air strikes on Islamic State in Ramadi , according to Pentagon news releases . In nearby Fallujah , the coalition launched 26 strikes .
Moving to northern Iraq , the coalition bombed Islamic State 34 times in Mosul , 14 times in Tal Afar and 13 times in Sinjar during the same period . These are areas contested between Islamic State and Kurdish fighters .
But in Beiji , the coalition carried out 57 air strikes — sometimes as many as eight per day . The central Iraqi city of Beiji contains a strategic oil refinery which produced as much as one-third of Iraq 's oil before the war .
But after the fall of Ramadi … things changed . Since May 17 , air strikes in Beiji plummeted to 18 , and rose to 29 in Ramadi — and it 's still rising . There are now more air strikes happening in Ramadi than anywhere else in Iraq .
Air strikes also fell in Mosul and Fallujah . The air strikes have risen slightly in Sinjar and Tal Afar — again in the north . The largest shift , however , has been away from Beiji and to Ramadi .
It 's an interesting fact — considering that the Pentagon and the White House have downplayed Ramadi 's loss . Pres . Barack Obama characterized it as a “ tactical setback. ” For his part , Defense Secretary Ashton Carter blamed the Iraqi military for the loss , suggesting they do n't have enough guts to fight .
Iraqi forces in Ramadi “ were not outnumbered , ” Carter told CNN . “ In fact , they vastly outnumbered the opposing force , and yet they failed to fight , they withdrew from the site , and that says to me , and I think to most of us , that we have an issue with the will of the Iraqis to fight ISIL and defend themselves . ”
Editor 's Note : In this blog post , Mulan has put together a collection of photos with Miquel and Bibi , to document the final stages of production . Here we 'll outline 1 ) the pre-assembly period , 2 ) putting all the components and materials together on to the final phone . The last step of packaging the phones and following their journey from Chongqing will be posted in the next few days .
Times are busy here in Chongqing prior to Christmas and the very first Fairphone delivery ! We know you ca n't wait to see your phones in real life , so here are a few production pictures from the last few weeks at the factory . Miquel visited for two weeks , and Bibi is currently here . Together we 've put together this photo blog documenting the last stages of production . Take a look !
Our daily commute from the center of Chongqing to the factory for two Chinese yuan . Pretty smooth except for the occasional traffic jam .
Here I am talking to the guys from Process Quality . Together , we monitor our production so that everything runs as smoothly as possible .
The components get soldered on the circuit boards using soldering paste . This one contains tin , which was sourced through the conflict-free tin initiative .
This is the pick and place machine which places the components on to the printed circuit board of your phone .
… dozens of spools are used . One of them contains capacitors with tantalum from the Democratic Republic of Congo , sourced through the Solutions for Hope project .
This machine applies soldering paste by swiping many printed circuit boards at the same time .
View from the beginning of one of two Fairphone assembly lines .
Here the printed circuit boards are ready to be put in to place .
Here 's tin in the shape of soldering wire .
They are everywhere .
Screwing things up .
Quality Control happens at the end of the assembly line . The people here have well-trained eyes .
Testing the cameras on the phone after which storage is erased .
Using fancy test equipment to calibrate the radios .
This is where I sit when I work at the factory . I 'm in the same office as the team of engineers , project managers and other people responsible for the Fairphone production .
Another visitor this week as Bibi visits Chongqing in the framework of our “ Made with Care ” program – and gets a desk next to mine .
f.l.t.r . Team meeting with people from Process Quality , Project Management , Structural Engineering , Stella ( Fairphone 's project manager ) and myself .
Not all work at the factory . Here some workers are practicing the team dance for their Chinese New Year party .
After a day 's work , we take the bus back to the city .
And I leave you with a nice landscape view of Chongqing by night .
Greetings from Chongqing ! Happy holidays , safe travels everyone . More news after the weekend !
A brush fire in Miami-Dade County , Florida , erupted to 670 acres and emitted smoke and ashes that shut down a roadway Sunday , according to authorities . Officials are referring to the blaze as the Trail Fire .
Crews shut down Southwest Eighth Street between 137th Avenue and Krome Avenue due to the fire Sunday , reports The Miami Herald .
( MORE : Elderly Twins Die After Being Stranded in Freezing Cold )
Strong winds blowing out of the east along the southern periphery of high pressure anchored over the Northeast U.S. are spurring the fire on , according to weather.com meteorologist Chris Dolce . Winds have been gusting over 30 mph frequently in the Miami area Sunday morning into early afternoon and are likely to continue in southern Florida through Monday .
The Trail Fire reportedly jumped Krome Avenue and threatened structures , according to the Florida Forest Service . Flammable shrubs and trees known as Melaleuca are fueling the fire .
By 2:30 p.m. Sunday , Miami-Dade Fire Rescue raised their response to about 20 units to battle the blaze , the Herald also reports .
According to NBC Miami , the blaze began near a canal and heavily wooded area . Flames are visible off of the Florida 's Turnpike near Southwest 142nd Avenue and Southwest 8th Street .
No injuries have been reported .
Crews also battled a fire burning in Palm Beach Gardens Sunday . According to WPBF , the blaze is 80 acres wide and contained . No structures were threatened .
MORE ON WEATHER.COM : February 2017 Christchurch , New Zealand , Wildfire
Cast member Misty Upham attends a screening of the film `` August : Osage County '' during AFI Fest 2013 in Los Angeles November 8 , 2013 . REUTERS/Phil McCarten
SEATTLE/LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Actress Misty Upham , who played a housekeeper in the movie adaption of “ August : Osage County , ” has been missing in Washington state for six days , police said on Friday .
The acclaimed Native American actress was last seen walking by herself from an apartment on Sunday around Auburn , some 20 miles south of Seattle , and was reported missing by her father on Oct. 6 , Auburn Police Commander Steve Stocker said .
Police responded to a suicide call from the apartment but the 32-year-old Upham had already left by the time officers arrived , Stocker said .
There were no suspects or leads in her disappearance and she is believed to have left on her own free will , Stocker said .
Police had responded to suicide calls four times in the past year at the same apartment , Stocker said , and Upham 's parents have told police she is on medications for mental health issues .
Upham , who was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for her supporting role in the 2008 crime drama , “ Frozen River , ” has not been in contact with friends or family since her disappearance , police said .
Forget pizza rat and cigarette crab and prepare yourself for spider mouse , the super strong and very hungry Australian arachnid
Australia 's litany of fearsome fauna seems to have a new entry . Added to deadly snakes , man-eating crocodiles and poisonous jellyfish comes Hermie the huntsman , a spider so unusually large and strong that it had no problem carrying a sizeable mouse up the outside of a fridge .
The great escape : Inky the octopus legs it to freedom from aquarium Read more
Hermie 's feat was captured on film by Jason Wormal , a tradesman from Coppabella in Queensland , who was heading out to work in the early hours of Monday morning when he says he received an offer from a neighbour that he could n't refuse .
“ So I am just about to leave for work about 0030 and me neighbour says ‘ You want to see something cool ' and I say ‘ Hell yeah ' , he wrote on Facebook .
“ So we proceed to his place and he shows me this . Huntsman trying to eat a mouse . ”
On the video shot by Wormal a voice can be heard off screen wondering in amazement : “ What 's he gon na do with him ? Man that is so cool ” .
Stills taken of the spider seem to show the arachnid clutching the mouse by its head with its chelicerae while it scurries up the fridge .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook user Jason Womal posts a video showing a large spider dragging a mouse along what appears to be a fridge . Photograph : Facebook/Jason Womal
The footage quickly circulated online and by Monday afternoon had been viewed more than 6.5m times .
Among the 41,000 comments below the original post were many expressing deep horror at the strength of the spider . Anthony Candelaria Sanchez summed up the general feeling with the simple statement : “ Oh hell no . ”
Arachnophobes may think about giving Coppabella a miss Arachnophobes may think about giving Coppabella a miss
In a later post , Wormal assures his friends that the spider is alive and well .
“ Ok guys so just letting you all know that the spider is fine . We have named him Hermie , we have adopted him and he is now running his own extermination business out of our town Coppabella . Oh and he is now paying rent . Lol . ”
Graham Milledge , the manager of the Australian Museum 's arachnology collection , said it was unusual , but not unheard of , for spiders to target vertebrates .
“ This is the first time I 've seen one catch a mouse , but I have seen huntsmen catch geckos . I 've seen a redback spider catch a snake in its web , I 've seen a golden orb spider catch birds . ”
Milledge said the banded huntsman could grow to have a leg span as large as 16cm .
However his colleague , the Australian Museum arachnid expert Helen Smith , said it was unlikely that Hermie had killed the mouse itself .
“ I would be very surprised if a huntsman would attack a mouse and even if it did , that the venom would be sufficient to kill it fast enough for the spider to still have hold of it , ” she told the Guardian .
“ I am also suspicious because the mouse 's tail looks quite stiff – as though it has been dead some time . ”
While the exact cause of the mouse 's demise remained in question , there was no doubt over Hermie 's remarkable size and stamina , she said .
• This article was amended on 25 October 2016 to correct the spelling of Graham Milledge 's name .
This fall , Joey Bada $ $ and Pro Era , Ab-Soul , the Underachievers , Chevy Woods , Cashius Green , and more will embark on this year 's Smokers Club tour . ( They 'll have some competition with the 2 High 2 Die tour . ) It 'll take them all across North America this fall -- check out the dates below .
Smokers Club :
10-17 Providence , RI - Lupo 's
10-18 Boston , MA - Paradise
10-19 Montreal , Quebec - Olympia Theatre
10-20 Toronto , Ontario - Phoenix
10-22 Cleveland , OH - House of Blues
10-23 Detroit , MI - Crofoot ( no Chevy Woods )
10-24 Chicago , IL - Metro
10-25 Milwaukee , MN - The Rave
10-26 Las Vegas , NV - Life is Beautiful Fest ( Joey Bada $ $ and Pro Era only )
10-27 Minneapolis , MN - Epic ( no Ab-Soul )
10-29 St. Louis , MO - The Pageant
10-30 Lawrence , KS - Granada
11-01 Denver , CO - Cervantes / Ogden
11-02 Salt Lake City , UT - The Depot
11-06 Ventura , CA - Venture Theater
11-09 Santa Ana , CA - Observatory ( no Underachievers )
11-11 San Diego , CA - Soma
11-12 Tempe , AZ - Club Red
11-13 Albuquerque , NM - Sunshine Theatre
11-15 Dallas , TX - Southside Music Hall
11-16 Houston , TX - Warehouse Live
11-17 Austin , TX - Emo 's East ( no Underachievers )
11-20 Tallahassee FL - Coliseum Tallahassee
11-21 Orlando , FL - Beacham Theater
11-22 Miami , FL - Grand Central
11-23 St. Petersburg , FL - Jannis Live !
11-24 Atlanta , GA - Masquerade ( Heaven ) ( no Joey Bada $ $ and Pro Era )
11-26 New Haven , CT - Toad 's Place
11-30 Philadelphia , PA - TLA
Watch Pro Era and the Underachievers on Pitchfork.tv 's `` Selector '' :
Embedded content is unavailable .
Embedded content is unavailable .
You 're right that Conforto is here to stay -- the Mets simply can not afford to take his All-Star-caliber bat out of the lineup . That leaves , Cespedes , Granderson and Jay Bruce for two spots , and obviously Cespedes is playing .
What 's the move with Curtis Granderson when Yoenis Cespedes gets back , since Terry Collins is not going to move Michael Conforto ? -- @ hesmets via Twitter
What 's the move with Curtis Granderson when Yoenis Cespedes gets back , since Terry Collins is not going to move Michael Conforto ?
-- @ hesmets via Twitter
You 're right that Conforto is here to stay -- the Mets simply can not afford to take his All-Star-caliber bat out of the lineup . That leaves , Cespedes , Granderson and Jay Bruce for two spots , and obviously Cespedes is playing .
• Submit a question to the Mets Inbox
Talking with Mets decision makers over the past week , it seems likely that the team will bench Granderson , understanding how much more valuable Bruce has been over the season 's first two months . But Granderson is doing his best to make the decision difficult , coming alive with four extra-base hits -- including two homers -- over his past five games . The 36-year-old outfielder is currently riding his best stretch of the season .
An alternative option would be for the Mets to bench first baseman Lucas Duda and shift Bruce to first to open spots for all three of the other outfielders . But the Mets remain hopeful that Duda will turn around his early-season struggles , and they would like to avoid playing Bruce out of position if possible . I 'd be surprised if the Mets go that route right now .
That brings us back to Granderson , a 14-year veteran and a consummate professional over four seasons with the Mets . Assuming Granderson does go to the bench , it will be a difficult conversation for Collins to have . And it will be up to Granderson to take it in stride .
In any event , the new arrangement is n't likely to last long -- that 's just reality . The odds of Cespedes , Granderson , Bruce and Conforto all staying healthy for four consecutive months are slim . These situations tend to work themselves out in unexpected ways .
Video : LAA @ NYM : Granderson hits a solo jack into the bullpen
What happens to red-hot Rene Rivera when Travis d'Arnaud , who 's raking during his rehab assignment , gets back ?
-- @ a_bookbinder via Twitter
Both catchers are likely to log significant playing time , much as they did early this season . While scouts largely consider Rivera 's hot hitting a mirage , the veteran backstop has proven invaluable to the Mets for his receiving abilities . He 's a better defender than d'Arnaud , and he will see regular playing time because of it .
But d'Arnaud is the superior hitter regardless of what Rivera has done in May , and he will earn his share of time based on that . Do n't expect either catcher to sit more than two or three games in a row .
As bad as it 's been , the National League is very weak ; we 're three more solid series away from the thick of the Wild Card race . Are we buyers or sellers this year ?
-- @ CleaveTV via Twitter
Almost certainly buyers , barring a ( continued ) meltdown over the next six weeks . The Mets entered this season believing they could contend for a World Series title . And while they have struggled throughout April and May , they understand the same thing you do : a good two-week stretch is all they need to bounce back into contention . Two years ago , the Mets cruised to a division title after losing seven straight games -- remember Panic City ? -- during one early-season tumble . Last year , they made the NL Wild Card Game despite falling two games under .500 in mid-August .
So it would take a massive collapse in May and June for the Mets to consider selling . Certainly , selling is a tempting idea , considering the expiring contracts the team possesses in Bruce , Jose Reyes , Neil Walker and others . But the Mets think the roster they have right now is good enough to compete for a playoff spot , particularly if they shore up their bullpen at the non-waiver Trade Deadline . History shows they may be right .
How many more bad plays does Wilmer Flores have to have at third base before Collins and the front office finally realize he ca n't play third base ?
-- @ capnsammy via Twitter
The front office is well aware of Flores ' deficiencies on the left side of the infield , which included six errors and -9 defensive runs saved at third base last season . They just do n't have many other options right now , with David Wright and Asdrubal Cabrera both injured . Reyes is playing shortstop every day for the Mets , leaving Flores and T.J. Rivera to split time at third . And Rivera , like Flores , is a better defender on the right side of the infield .
As for those who believe Rivera should be playing every day , consider that Flores has been a significantly more productive hitter in May , with a .366 average and a .918 OPS .
Ultimately , this issue is temporary . As soon as Cabrera returns , Flores will cease seeing regular time at third base . And once top prospect Amed Rosario comes up from the Minors , the Mets will boast even more infield depth . Speaking of which ...
What does Rosario have to do to finally get called up ?
-- @ capnsammy via Twitter
Wait , plain and simple . Executives around baseball widely believe this year 's Super Two cutoffs will fall around the first week of June , giving the Mets significant financial incentive to wait until that time . Calling Rosario up after the cutoff would ensure that he is only eligible for arbitration three times in his career , not four , potentially saving the Mets millions of dollars . It 's not a cheapskate move ; it 's common sense , practiced by just about every team in baseball .
And frankly speaking , offense is n't the Mets ' problem right now . The team can afford to let the Super Two cutoff pass .
Will David Wright come back ? I miss him . Also , do you think he 'll become the Mets ' manager or have a front-office position ?
-- @ 17Riegel via Twitter
While I do think Wright will make it back to the field at some point , it 's difficult to envision him playing a significant role for the Mets again . Twice this year , Wright has attempted to start a throwing program , only to shut it down due to lingering discomfort . Until he demonstrates he can throw without pain , he wo n't come close to a return . Even if he does , Wright will battle back issues for the rest of his life , limiting the amount of time he can play .
Knowing Wright , I do n't envision him wanting to deal with the daily grind of professional baseball once he retires , though I imagine he 'll stay involved with the organization in some capacity -- think along the lines of Mike Piazza , who visits Spring Training once a year to work with players . For now though , the Mets still consider Wright an active player , and they are rooting for his return . He remains a beloved figure within the walls of Citi Field .
Credit : DC Comics
Credit : DC Comics
Two classic DC 'cosmic ' characters ( and a villain ) return in October and are teaming up to prevent an interplanetary war in Hawkman and Adam Strange : Out of Time , a new six-issue limited series by writer Marc Andreyko and interior/cover artist Aaron Lopresti .
Here is DC 's description of the series :
`` Residing on Earth and out of the hero game , Adam Strange finds himself trying to live a 'normal ' life , until he 's literally pulled back into adventure again as a seemingly normal Zeta beam transmission returns him to the planet Rann , where he hopes to be reunited with his beloved Alanna . But instead , he finds the once great city of Ranagar in ruins with millions dead , and the once peaceful Alanna is now calling for the blood of Rann 's oldest enemy , Thanagar , home of the Hawkmen .
`` Sensing something is amiss , Strange enlists the aid of Thanagarian policeman Katar Hol , aka Hawkman , who is also trying anything possible to avert war . Together the two try and uncover who 's really behind the destruction of Rann while at the same time preventing Rann and Thanagar from marching into interplanetary armageddon ! ''
Hawkman and Adam Strange : Out of Time debuts on October 5 .
The indoctrination continues . Update to this previous story .
Via Lincoln Journal Star :
Six parents have sued the San Diego school district , alleging that its anti-Islamophobia campaign favors Islam over other religions and grants special protections to Muslim students .
Charles LiMandri , an attorney for the parents , called the campaign a “ politically correct solution to a problem that does not exist . ”
The plan drew little attention when the board approved it 4-0 on April 4 , with one member absent . Public comments from staff and community members were uniformly positive . Pushback gradually spread in conservative media and on social media , with many critics calling it an unwanted intrusion of Muslim beliefs and culture .
The San Diego Unified School District said Thursday that it does not comment on pending litigation but district officials have vigorously defended the plan in recent weeks , saying bullying of Muslim students was pervasive and vastly underreported . As criticism mounted , the district posted extensive explanations on its website , saying it was n't endorsing Islam and that its initiative responded to community concerns expressed last summer about the safety of Muslim students .
Keep reading…
The few , crazy moments after NSW clinched the State of Origin series in 2014 perfectly sums up Cameron Smith , Billy Slater and Cooper Cronk for me .
It was a huge moment in my career and my life . NSW had lost eight series in a row . It was the longest drought in Origin history . We 'd finally broken it .
The first people to congratulate me were three of my opponents .
Cameron , Bill and Coops were hurting . But they ignored that for the moment . Each one of them came up to me , gave me a hug and said , ‘ Mate , I 'm just so happy for you . '
That was big for them , my Melbourne Storm teammates , because they 're the ultimate competitors . I know how disappointed they would have been to lose that series – even after winning so many before that .
So much has been said about their winning records for club , state and country . But the way they responded in that moment , in defeat , showed their true colours as people .
TUESDAY SCHNITZELS & GROCERY BILLS
We 've been through a lot together on and off the field . We even lived it together for a while .
I did n't know a soul when I first moved to Melbourne , so I moved in with Cameron and his girlfriend and now wife , Barb . Then Bill moved in . It was the four of us in a three-bedroom townhouse right in the middle of Richmond .
That was good fun . Well , it was good fun for me and Smithy , watching Bill and Barb butt heads ! Barb is a sensational lady . She used to very kindly cook for us and look after us . But , being the only woman in the house alongside three men , we used to get on her nerves a bit .
We were all great friends , but Bill 's quite a strong-willed individual and did n't like being told what to do by Barb . So that 's how it would start . Cameron and I would just watch and enjoy the show ! We were all just 18 or 19 at the time .
Eventually , Smithy and Barb moved out to get their own place and Cooper moved in . It was Bill , Cooper and me .
A lot of the pubs around Richmond had meal deals on different nights . Monday night would be a porterhouse steak and a pot of beer for $ 10 , or Tuesday a schnitzel and a pot . That was basically how the three of us fed ourselves for a while , going to the local pubs and finding out what was on special . It saved us having to cook and do the washing up .
We were all great friends , but Bill 's quite a strong-willed individual and did n't like being told what to do by Barb . So that 's how it would start . Cameron and I would just watch and enjoy the show !
When we did start doing a bit of cooking ourselves the deal was if you cooked you did n't have to wash up . And when we did the grocery shopping together , we each had to guess the bill . Whoever was furthest from the total had to pay it .
Cooper liked things nice and tidy and he brought some cool stuff to put around the house . It looked like a proper home .
The Storm held the lease to the house since the club 's inception , so a heap of players had lived in it . It was only a five-minute drive to training . The problem was that when Cooper , Bill and I were living there the lease expired and the Storm decided not to renew it .
We had to clean it up before we moved out . You can imagine the stuff that had piled up from eight or nine footy players living there over time . All the old footy gear was jammed under the stairs . The backyard was an absolute disaster . But it was a great place to live and I 've got a lot of fantastic memories from that time .
LEANING ON EACH OTHER
Bill , Cameron and Cooper had all known each other since they were 16 or 17 and I was the new guy , but I quickly became good friends with all of them .
Cooper and I were a bit different to Cameron and Bill . They achieved regular first grade spots early in the piece , but it was more of a challenge for Cooper and I to develop the consistency needed to be picked all the time .
The four of us shared some great moments and some big disappointments out on the field . Winning Grand Finals , losing them and everything else in-between .
Probably the hardest period was when the NRL stripped the club of two premierships over the salary cap drama . As players , we thought it was the greatest injustice that had ever happened and that we were the hardest done-by people in the world .
Obviously , other people are going to have different opinions on that . But that 's how we felt .
We were all hit hard . Billy , Cameron and myself were all married by that time and could go home to our wives , so we really felt for Cooper because he was living on his own at the time . That was tough for him .
We all felt better when we were together around the club and could at least provide each other with a bit of a distraction . We all came out of that period as better and stronger people and I think Cooper took that time alone to reassess his priorities and determine what he really wanted out of the game .
Individually , you could n't get three more different people than Cameron , Cooper and Bill . But , like they say , opposites attract .
THE REAL BIG THREE
Cooper is very focused in his preparation . He works hard and has got his own set routines .
He got a bit obsessed with his diet a few years back and eventually realised he needed to pull back a bit . Diet is obviously important and he was making things work for him , but at the same time I think he eventually realised it was causing him to miss out on things socially .
He would n't want to go out to dinner because he wanted to stick to his diet , but he has found a happy medium now . He just wanted to be the very best footballer he could be .
Bill 's a funny one – very family oriented but also very driven to make sure he achieves everything he can . Nothing gets in the way of that . He has managed to achieve a great balance between those two elements of his life .
Cameron is a three-year-old in a grown-up 's body . He 's a fun-loving type of guy who acts like his children do and loves life for what it is .
Individually , you could n't get three more different people than Cameron , Cooper and Bill . But , like they say , opposites attract .
He took the mickey out of Craig Bellamy from the start . If the coach mucked up an opposition player 's name in a meeting , Smithy would pounce .
Bellyache would have a shocking time when we were playing the Warriors . There were a few names there he could n't get right . Another player , Anthony Laffranchi , he used to call Lanfranchi . Dale Finucane was Finalcon one day .
Cameron would sit down the front and when Bellyache got a name wrong Smithy 's head would shoot up . He 'd turn around with a look on his face to see if all the other boys had picked up on it .
The coach would tell him in no uncertain terms to pull his head in , but it did n't stop him . Next time it happened , Smithy would pipe up and say : ‘ What was that name again ? '
The big thing Cameron , Bill and Cooper have in common is that they want to be the best at whatever they do and each of them knows the other two are the best people to help them achieve that .
That 's why they complement each other so well .
FROM HOUSEMATES TO GROOMSMEN
We 've been there for each other in every major moment of our lives .
I was at the hospital when Cameron and Bill 's kids were born and they came to the hospital when my kids arrived . We 've been to each other 's weddings . Cameron and Bill were groomsmen at mine and I 'm looking forward to Cooper 's wedding at the end of the year .
I 've been away from the Storm for three years playing for the Warriors , but that does n't change anything . My friendship with these guys is as strong as ever . I caught up with Cooper for breakfast on Tuesday and I 've talked to Cameron and Bill on the phone .
Cameron is a three-year-old in a grown-up 's body . He 's a fun-loving type of guy who acts like his children do and loves life for what it is .
When you 're all of a similar vintage – Billy and Cameron were born on the same day , for crying out loud ! – and you come into grade around the same time , you develop an affinity for each other because you 're facing the same challenges every day .
Cooper is going to leave a big hole when he leaves after the Grand Final , not only because of what he does on the field but what he means to everyone as a friend .
It will be hard , but the club leaves no stone unturned when it comes to planning . What makes the Storm great is that no one is bigger than the team . Brodie Croft , for instance , is being well groomed for the future .
I do n't know if Billy is going to play on next year or not . I guess he could retire if the Storm win , but I also know how hard he 's worked to get himself back on the paddock .
It 's going to come down to his desire and whether he wants to keep doing the work and the rehab . Only Bill knows that .
Cameron is the greatest player to ever pull on a boot . Bill and Cooper are among the greatest players ever in their positions . But you still need someone to tie it all together and I reckon we must all have been born under a lucky star to have Craig coach us at the Storm .
THE BELLAMY EFFECT
I would have still backed myself to play first grade if I was n't coached by Craig , but he helped me become the first-grader I wanted to be . If you asked the other three guys they would say the same thing .
Craig made us all realise that just doing enough is n't good enough . He was determined to get the most out of every individual player . He hates to see a player not reach his potential .
Cameron , Billy and Cooper have become legends under Craig 's guidance . Then you look at other players , like Bryan Norrie or Jaiman Lowe , who did n't have the skillset of those guys but still reached the heights of winning a Grand Final .
The reason that happened was because Craig coached them to get everything they possibly could out of themselves . They reached their potential . We all did .
Craig works out a player 's potential very quickly . He knows whether they 're a future Immortal or a part of a Grand Final-winning pack and he balances responsibilities accordingly .
In my case , he made me a much more mature player . Playing first grade is about maturity and how you handle situations and I did n't handle it well enough at the start . But I learned to under Craig .
He has known me since I was born . He and my Dad were playing together for Canberra in the 1980s . If I 've got a problem or I need advice , I can discuss it with Craig , the same as I can with Cameron , Bill and Cooper . They 're great teammates , but even better friends .
When I left to join the Warriors at the end of the 2014 season , they said they did n't want to see me go . But they knew I had to look after my family and respected my decision .
Just before my wife , Mel , and I left for New Zealand , Cameron and Barb invited us out to dinner . He said , ‘ You guys come around and pick us up and we 'll take you to this new place . '
We went around and knocked on the door . A voice inside said , ‘ Come in , we 're almost ready . '
We walked in and they had organised a huge farewell at their home for us .
The whole team was there – players , coaches and officials – and that showed us how much not only Barb and Cameron appreciated us , but the whole club did . It was fantastic .
GOOD LUCK , BOYS
I wo n't be at the Grand Final . I 'm playing on next year and I 'll know where soon . When you 're not retired , it 's hard to go to a game like that and be reminded what you 're missing out on .
That 's especially the case when you 've played in four Grand Finals , like I have , and you realise just how special a day it is . It hits you hard .
But I 'll be watching from the family home we kept in Melbourne and I 'll be cheering for the Storm .
I 'd dearly love to see my great mates win another title .
For Cooper , and possibly Billy , it would be a fitting way to go out .
Ever wonder why the number of terrorists , terror attacks and terror cells ( Boko Haram , the Taliban , al-Qaeda , ISIS ) continues to balloon despite our numerous military interventions ? Well , there are myriad reasons , some of which are centered around branding . The rise of social media , which is often used by terror organizations to propagandize and lure in new participants has played a role , as well as the fear-inducing moments of infamy generated by the 24-hour news cycle . It 's easier to celebritize than ever before .
But overall branding and mass communication are far from the only factors at work here . The reality is many of our military interventions end up doing more harm than good . This is not in any way an indictment on the soldiers themselves , these missions are remarkably difficult and limiting collateral damage is often impossible . Like the “ War on Drugs , ” the “ War on Terror ” confronts its problem with sustained aggression in an attempt to squash the life out of it , while remaining entirely obtuse to why these problems exist in the first place . We ( the U.S. ) do not seem to be concerned with how our actions feed into the malignancy of these extremist movements , or how our operations play a role in building adversarial narratives .
This approach is not working .
Terrorism thrives in chaos , it often rises in unstable regions decimated by war . When the U.S. invaded Iraq and Afghanistan following 9/11 , our goal was to eradicate terrorism in the region , spread democracy and thus , stability— and to satiate the overwhelming desire to “ do something. ” As those wars waged on it became evident that defeating terrorism was n't all that simple . Terror cells are frequently hidden within civilian communities , so the risk of innocent death is ever-present .
Since 2003 , we have continued along the same trajectory , sending troops and/or funds to fight terror in Afghanistan , Syria , Somalia , Yemen , Iran , Iraq , Libya , and Pakistan while using drones and fighting proxy wars in many others . According to a study conducted by the Physicians for Social Responsibility completed in 2015 , an estimated 1.3 million people were killed as a result of the wars in Iraq , Pakistan , and Afghanistan between 2003-2015 . And these estimates are regarded to be quite low , the actual number is thought to be closer to 2 million . Every month these wars kill hundreds and since Trump , thousands of civilians .
In addition to the death toll , airstrikes have left many areas uninhabitable displacing millions from their homes . Terrorists want to paint the U.S. as the enemy—and it 's not exactly a hard sell these days .
A report released by Reuters on Wednesday stated the UN Commission of Inquiry found that at least 300 civilians have been killed in the Syrian city of Raqqa by U.S.-led forces since March . ISIS has a stronghold in the region and the fighting between the Syrian Democratic Forces ( led by the U.S. ) and the Islamic State has ramped up considerably since we pushed into the northern city last week .
Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro , the chairman of the UN Commission addressed the UN Human Rights Council for the twentieth time regarding the unceasing violence in Syria stating :
In areas controlled by extremist factions , we are gravely concerned with the mounting number of civilians who perish during airstrikes . For civilians to enjoy the protection to which they are entitled , warring parties must abide by their obligations under international humanitarian law and , in particular , the rules of distinction , proportionality , and precaution . We note in particular that the intensification of airstrikes , which have paved the ground for an SDF advance in Raqqa , has resulted not only in staggering loss of civilian life , but has also led to 160,000 civilians fleeing their homes and becoming internally displaced .
Now compound the destruction and death in Raqqa with the devastating numbers coming out of Yemen . We have been supporting the Saudi-led coalition against the Houthis for two years . The Obama administration sold the Saudis over $ 20 billion worth of arms , much of which was haphazardly deployed leading to thousands of civilian deaths . Not to be outdone , the Trump administration is in the final stages of approving a $ 110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia . The humanitarian crisis in Yemen can not be overstated , there are an estimated 18 million people in need of humanitarian assistance there . This is not all due to the U.S.-aided Saudi coalition , but a significant portion is . The coalition has been continually accused of war crimes . Last August , a hospital was bombed killing 11 people and injuring 19 . Last October a funeral was bombed killing 140 people and wounding 525 .
In March , there was a U.S.-led attack in Mosul , Iraq that was said to have killed up to 200 civilians .
According to data from Airwars , a minimum of 3,962 civilians have been killed in Iraq , Syria , and Libya from international air strikes .
We continue to support Saudi Arabia , a government who is known to fund terror organizations , we continue to play a big role in the Syrian Democratic Forces , we fund extremist and authoritarian regimes when we need to and denounce other nations for doing the same thing . The United States profiting from , supporting and occasionally employing war criminals is nothing new , but since 9/11 our interventionism has increased exponentially and dispersed throughout the world . The U.S. Special Forces Command currently have troops on the ground in 134 countries . 9/11 was a world-altering event , and a proportional response of some sort was warranted . But it 's been 14 years since we invaded Iraq . We 've spent an estimated 4.79 trillion dollars as of September of last year , and yet the number of terrorists and terror attacks have increased over the last decade .
A study by Jessica Stern ( Harvard ) and Meghan K. McBride ( Brown ) found that our military presence in Iraq did not quell the number of terror attacks in the region , but increased their frequency substantially . There is a positive correlation occurring here . As Stern and McBride point out , our presence was used as a highly-efficient recruiting tool . Mustafa bin Abd al Qadir Setmariam Nasar , a prominent figure in al-Qaeda claimed the Iraq war “ almost single-handedly rescued the Jihadi movement . ”
America 's default setting has become perpetual war . Actions within this system can , at times , provide a quick fix in terms of surface-level wins , but there is no end game here .
Terror cells , much like cancer cells attack weak areas and multiply therein .
War begets war .
This is not the path to victory and yet we continue to double-down . Democrat or Republican , it does n't matter . Obama built upon Bush 's war , and Trump is primed to build upon both . Another year , another few wars . Some settle down , some flare up , some shift—all feed the same self-fulfilling cycle .
Previously published on The Overgrown .
BLOOMFIELD , N.M. ( AP ) — A New Mexico man is suing Burger King after he says a manager attacked him for complaining about cold onion rings .
KRQE-TV reports ( http : //goo.gl/ID9qbR ) the lawsuit filed in state district court says Robert Deyapp was assaulted in June 2013 when he told a manager at the fast-food restaurant in the northwestern New Mexico city of Bloomfield about his cold order .
The lawsuit claims that when Deyapp asked for a refund , manager Francisco Berrera lunged at him with a stun gun and switchblade .
Court records show Berrera later pleaded no contest to aggravated assault .
Ronald Adamson , an attorney for Berrera , did not immediately return a phone message from The Associated Press .
A spokesman for Burger King said the company does n't comment on pending litigation .
___
Information from : KRQE-TV , http : //www.krqe.com
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The bringer of jollity . Note the shadow of its moon Ganymede on the Great Red Spot . Photo by C. Go and theHubble HeritageTeam ( STScI/AURA )
If you go outside after sunset and look to the southwest right now , you 'll see Venus low in the sky . And above it , not too far away , is another bright object : Jupiter , the mightiest planet in the solar system .
It 's very pretty , but if you look with binoculars you 'll see it has moons . And with a small telescope you 'll see it 's a world : The disk of the planet becomes apparent , and you can even see some of the banded clouds circling it .
It 's a huge , complex , and completely fascinating place . So check out this week 's Crash Course Astronomy episode , all about Jupiter !
I hope somebody out there got my Airplane ! references .
And yes , before you complain in the comments , I did in fact and indeed mean “ centrifugal force. ” If you have an issue with that , then I suggest you read this . You pay your money and you take your frame of reference .
If you want to learn more about Jupiter losing its belt , I 've written about that happening before , too . More than once . More than twice , even .
And if you like the Great Red Spot , try this , because wow .
Photos by Mario Tama/Getty Images and Victor Spinelli/WireImage
Larry Flynt , the founder of Hustler and First Amendment crusader , is offering a whopping $ 10 million reward to anyone who can dredge up dirt on President Trump so damning it could get him impeached , FOX Business reports .
On Sunday , the Washington Post ran a full-page ad in which Flynt argues that Trump 's presidency is `` illegitimate '' and asks for `` the smoking gun '' that could get him impeached .
`` Impeachment would be a messy , contentious affair , but the alternative—three more years of destabilizing dysfunction—is worse , '' Flynt writes . `` Buried in Trump 's tax returns or in other records from his far-flung investments there may be a smoking gun . ''
Flynt outlined a six-point list of what he sees as Trump 's biggest gaffes , spanning from his firing of James Comey , to his response to Charlottesville , to his withdrawal from the Paris climate accord , and beyond .
At the bottom of the diatribe , Flynt lists a toll-free number and an email address through which any potential snitches can get in touch with the Hustler founder . According to the Post , the phone line will be staffed from 8:30 AM to 6 PM Monday through Friday , for the next two weeks .
According to the Hill , this is the second time that Flynt has offered a reward for dirt on Trump . During the 2016 election , Hustler offered $ 1 million to anyone who could turn over video or audio of Trump `` engaging in illegal activity or acting in a sexually demeaning or derogatory manner . '' Shortly after that , the Washington Post published audio tape from Access Hollywood of Trump saying he could grab women `` by the pussy , '' the AP reports .
`` I do not expect any of Trump 's billionaire cronies to rat him out , but I am confident that there are many people in the know for whom $ 10 million is a lot of money , '' Flynt writes . `` Make no mistake , I fully intend to pay the entire sum . Sure , I could use that $ 10 million to buy luxuries or further my business , but what good would that do me in a world devastated by the most powerful moron in history ? ''
Follow Drew Schwartz on Twitter .
Related : Watch 'New York Times ' Out Trump
MAVAIndia Web site
This Diwali , while boys set off firecrackers and aunties light diyas and lanterns , Harish Sadani , looking rumpled as would any editor/publisher nearing a deadline , finally finds himself able to breathe . That 's because Mr. Sadani , who runs a nongovernmental organization in Mumbai known as MAVA ( Men Against Violence & Abuse ) , has just printed off the final pages of Purush Spandana , an annual magazine , or ank , printed especially for Diwali .
The Maharashtrian tradition of giving anks at Diwali , a major gift-giving holiday , goes back just over a century . But of the estimated 400 anks printed each fall , only Purush Spandana , which translates roughly to “ Male Vibrations , ” speaks directly to men , although not through scantily clad cover models , a distinction that sets it apart from other anks in the shop .
The goal of the periodical , a collection of articles , short stories and poems penned in Marathi by Indian authors from around the state , is to get people to think. “ We wanted to create a safe , nonthreatening space to address issues of masculinity in a contemporary context , ” said Mr. Sadani . “ Now readers can read a story about a man who has overcome patriarchy in his own life , and ask himself , ‘ If he can question his outlook , why not me ? ' ”
About 35 to 40 percent of Purush Spandana will be purchased by women , who hope that by casually leaving a copy around the house , their husbands , fathers-in-law or sons may give it a glance . ( This year 's 192-page edition will be available for 90 rupees ( $ 1.65 ) in Maharashtrian bookstores through December . )
Now in its 17th year , the magazine will explore in its latest edition the concept of family , as well as male-female relationships , a theme intended to encourage readers to “ move past the stereotypical thing , beyond blood , kinship and wealth , ” as Mr. Sadani puts it , and “ to consider family in a new way. ” Inside , an engineer writes of finding a brotherly connection with a fellow orphan and outcast , who later turns out to be a gigolo . Another man describes his role as one half of a DINK , or “ Double Income No Kids ” family , an increasingly common family unit in 21st century India .
Jen Swanson
An elderly woman , unwanted by her father , recalls being rescued as an infant by her grandfather ; now with two grown sons living in the United States , she compares the relationships with all the different men in her life . In Mumbai 's red-light district , a journalist recalls a lonely child playing with a one-rupee coin while his mother entertains clients upstairs ; a different writer reports on the ambiguity of familial relationships in India 's transgender community , outcasts typically dismissed from the accepted family system .
“ Family is a relationship , but does n't have to take place in the traditional sense , ” said Ravindra Rukmini Pandharinath , co-editor of Purush Spandana , explaining that this year 's theme was about finding ways to humanize the family system , making space for groups like sex workers and prostitutes that are usually excluded . “ Everyone needs some sort of emotional support , ” he said . “ Ca n't family from different castes come together ? Ca n't family go beyond property ? ”
Jen Swanson
Past issues have explored the intricacies of friendship and caste ; last year 's ank examined sexuality , with the image of a half-male , half-female deity dancing on the cover – “ like a yin and yang , since everyone shares masculine and feminine traits , ” explained Mr. Sadani .
That same year , female writers were invited to contribute for the first time . “ Sexuality being a core topic that touches everyone , it was important to see what women think , ” Mr. Sadani recalled , noting that the female authors , who come from a diversity of professional fields and backgrounds , as do the male contributors , have added a valuable perspective over the past two years .
Next year 's theme is up in the air , but Mr. Sadani said he hoped to explore religion and governance in future issues , specifically the restrictions they impose on women .
This year 's issue has achieved another critical checkpoint , as it is the first year Mr. Sadani has been able to cover production costs and pay all the writers without dipping into his own pockets , thanks to the support of high-profile advertisers like GSK , the Aditya Birla Group , HDFC , Tata , IDBI and Bank of Baroda . Mr. Sadani spends six months every year on the magazine , editing , pitching advertisers and printing around 1,500 copies for distribution . From 1996-2006 , the magazine was co-produced in partnership with Purush Uvach , or “ Men Speak , ” a Pune-based men 's group that helped shoulder the brunt of production .
In 2007 , MAVA and Purush Uvach also published selected excerpts of Purush Spandana into an English book , a collection titled “ Breaking the Moulds. ” Three years later , the pair brought out a second collection in Marathi , called “ Prashna Purushbhanache , ” which translates roughly to “ Issues of Male Consciousness . ”
Meanwhile , the ank earns steady praise from local literary bodies , usually winning one or two awards each year for content , editing or the uniqueness of the concept itself , all while building on the state 's long legacy of progressive literature and social reform . This year , Mr. Sadani said he hoped Purush Spandana might also win an award for its cover , a freehand drawing of an unconventional family ( in this case , baby birds in a nest ) against a much larger world , where family comes and goes but always comes home , inspired by the bright colors of the rainbow , the symbol of gay pride .
“ Maharashtra has a long history of social reformers and leaders who have fought for women 's equality , ” said Mr. Pandharinath . “ Not because they were looking at women as objects of sympathy , but because they called it a human rights issue , ” he said , referring to well-known Maharashtrian reformers like Jyotiba Phule , a pioneer for women 's education who opened India 's first school for girls in 1848 , and B.R . Ambedkar , who fought for women 's right to vote .
Thus , MAVA may be India 's first official “ men 's group , ” but it 's also just the latest band of Maharashtrian men who have fought , alongside women , for gender equality , chipping away at the vast patriarchy that affects every member of Indian society .
“ Emancipation is n't just a women 's issue , ” said Mr. Pandharinath . Patriarchy also oppresses men by making them unable to discuss their feelings without feeling unmanly or weak , he said .
“ Women are very open and can discuss these matters , but men do n't have the vocabulary , ” he said . “ They just do n't know how to talk about these issues . This is about giving men a voice , helping them to speak . We wanted to create a space for men to talk in an open manner . ”
Poland is readying for a massive general strike on October 3 , as part of the next stage of a protest movement against legislation strengthening the national ban on abortion . Activists in Germany are also preparing solidarity actions .
Polish women 's rights activists announced a nationwide strike of female workers intended to bring Polish society and the economy to a standstill on October 3 .
The strike is a continuation of the “ Black Protest ” , a massive reaction to the government 's latest plan to increase the severity of the anti-abortion law by including stipulations such as five-year prison terms for both women abortion patients — including rape victims — and doctors .
The first phase of the protests involved digital activism , with people expressing their disagreement with the proposed law by posting photos of themselves dressed in black , using the hashtags # czarnyprotest ( “ # BlackProtest , ” found here on Facebook and Twitter ) and # blackprotest ( Facebook , Twitter ) .
After the Polish Parliament proceeded with consideration of the controversial legislative proposal on September 23 , activists responded with massive demonstrations in tens of Polish cities as well as in several other cities around the world the following weekend .
Right-wing national-conservative party PiS ( “ Law and Justice ” ) holds a majority in the parliament and has the backing of the Catholic Church . Its lawmakers also voted to dismiss another piece of legislation that would have liberalized existing laws . Proposed by the “ Save Women ” pro-choice coalition , and supported by a petition with 150,000 signatures , it would have allowed for legal abortions up until the 12th week of pregnancy .
On October 1 , political party RAZEM ( “ Together ” ) , a very active element of the protest movement , which also includes civil society organizations and individual activists , organized another pro-choice protest in front of the Sejm , the Polish Parliament in Warsaw .
The protest movement has received support from left-wing political parties and human rights activists across Europe .
A survey by polling company Ipsos indicated that 11 % of citizens support stricter anti-abortion laws , 47 % do not approve changes to the existing law and 37 % demand liberalization . Another poll showed wide support for the protest movement .
55 % of Polish women support # czarnyprotest against total # abortion ban . 44 % of men support protests , 15 % oppose them https : //t.co/SwPm2AHqPR — Gulliver Cragg ( @ gullivercragg ) October 1 , 2016
The strike and protests scheduled for October 3 have been branded under the slogan “ Black Monday. ” Activists use the corresponding hashtags in # CzarnyPoniedziałek in Polish ( on Facebook and Twitter ) and # BlackMonday in English ( on Facebook and Twitter ) . The main Facebook event also provides links to tens of planned demonstrations both in Polish cities and cities across Europe and North America .
One major “ Black Monday ” Solidarity Demonstration with Polish Women 's Strike is scheduled to take place at S+U Warschauer Strasse Station ( Warsaw Street ) in Berlin . The organizers , the independent collective Dziewuchy Dziewuchom Berlin , include ethnic Polish women who want to support those that face further infringements on their human rights .
Black Monday is a warning strike by all women in Poland . During the daylong strike , they will take a day off at work , universities and schools , they will leave their housework at home . The strike is a collective initiative , gathering women of different ages , occupations and life experiences . The Black Monday protest is a national-scale event , motivating thousands of women in a very short time , in response to a critical situation in Poland . Recently , famous Polish actress Krystyna Janda posted on social media the idea of organizing a national strike based on the one in Iceland , which took place in 1975 . There , women fought against gender inequality and their strike paralyzed the whole country for a day . In the current circumstances , in 2016 ( in the 21st Century ! ) , Polish women need to fight for their basic human rights of self-determination , and more specifically , for their reproductive rights .
One digital tool deployed to mobilize people around the upcoming ‘ Black Protest ' activities is this punk video created by the group EL Banda . As of this writing it has amassed over 6,000 views on YouTube since it was posted September 27 .
Ri Sol-ju , the wife of the reclusive nation 's leader was shown to be heavily pregnant by state TV in late December when attending a memorial service for former leader and Mr Kim 's father , Kim Jong-il .
Recent photos posted online taken at a recent official New Year 's party show the wife of the young leader wearing a close-fitting skirt suit with no sign of pregnancy . Rumours were also fed by the all woman official performance including the song - ‘ When A Child is Born ' .
South Korean papers ran editions with before and after photos of the leader 's wife including suggestive captions .
“ The bulging stomach has gone down ... has Ri Sol-Ju given birth ? ” posed the daily Dong-A Ilbo .
“ Ri Sol-Ju with her tummy reduced in 11 days . Has she come out right after childbirth ? ” asked the Chosun Ilbo daily .
Ri Sol-ju attending a memorial service for her husband 's late father Kim Jong-il in mid-December ( left ) and Ri attending a New Year celebration event in Pyongyang
The December photographs showed Ms Ri appearing visibly pregnant despite wearing a loose fitting traditional Choson-ot , as it is known in the north , at the first year memorial service for the nation 's second leader .
Ms Ri 's marriage to Mr Kim only came to light in the notoriously secretive nation last July when photographs were released showing a young , smartly-dressed companion accompanying him at official events .
Pyongyang confirmed the speculation later that same month when they admitted she was his wife .
South Korean media cites intelligence reports stating that the couple were married in 2009 and already have a child , although none of this has been confirmed .
On New Year 's Day , Mr Kim , believed to be 29 , gave a surprise televised address , the first New Year 's broadcast for 19 years , calling for a “ radical turnaround ” in the country 's economy .
( AFP ) – The BBC apologised on Thursday for accidentally showing an image of Britain 's Prince William with a penis drawn on his head .
The blunder happened when the broadcaster 's breakfast TV show aired a clip of a promo video for a comedy group who were appearing later on the programme .
The image of the second-in-line to the British throne , with a beard and moustache scrawled in black pen onto a picture of the prince in a newspaper flashed up on the screen for a couple of seconds .
He had also acquired glasses , missing teeth and a penis on his head .
It had apparently been missed by BBC editors , but was spotted by several viewers .
“ Yup , that 's a penis on Prince William 's head , ” one viewer tweeted . “ Outrageous . ”
The BBC apologised for the gaffe , stressing that the “ offending material ” was not produced by the broadcaster .
“ This image was shown fleetingly within a comedy promotional video for Barbershopera , a humorous barbershop group , who were appearing later on in the programme , ” a BBC spokeswoman said .
“ The material was provided by Barbershopera but we failed to spot the offending material within it . We apologise for this . ”
Prince William , 31 , is currently on paternity leave from his job as a search-and-rescue helicopter pilot with the Royal Air Force after his wife Kate gave birth to their son on July 22 .
Prince George , the couple 's first child , is third in line to the throne .
Add to the long list of celebrities who have struggled with drug addictions , the recently deceased 27-year-old British soul diva Amy Winehouse . Every newspaper and magazine will play and replay her final days , and commentators will come out of the woodwork offering thoughtful opinions abut how to deal with talented and troubled individuals who fall into the deep end of the drug pool . However the story sorts out over time , one thing is certain—Winehouse had a drug problem , and could n't get out of it . And so , at a very early age , she is one more casualty in the drug-addled celebrity club .
The problem of treating drug addiction is neither simple nor straightforward . A person 's entire biology and psychology play into addiction and dependence , and the threads that weave a tapestry of drug troubles are usually highly complex . Amidst the panoply of offerings , treatments with potent psychedelic substances suggest another line of potentially effective treatment for drug problems . The term psychedelic means soul-manifesting , and was coined in 1957 by psychiatrist Humphry Osmond . These psychedelics include LSD , peyote , ayahuasca , iboga , and other plant or fungus drugs , such as Psilocybin mushrooms . As strange as this may seem at first blush , there is a great deal of work happening in this field .
One agent of change for those struggling with drugs is ayahuasca , a brew made in the Amazon . Made from a vine ( Banisteriopsis caapi ) and a leaf ( Psychotria viridis ) , and containing the potent psychedelic compound DMT , ayahuasca produces visions and is used to treat diseases of the body , mind and spirit . Over the past several years ayahuasca has been highly publicized in print and on TV for its unusual healing properties , including stopping drug addictions . One large Brazilian-based Christian church , Santo Daime , conducts ceremonies all over the world , using ayahuasca as a sacrament for the direct experience of spirit . Santo Daime claims thousands of successes with people who ostensibly have been freed of drug addictions by participating in the consumption of the psychoactive ayahuasca brew . Many who have formerly struggled with tobacco , alcohol , cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine and other dangerous drugs have been able to shed their addictions . Additionally , thousands of people from around the world are making pilgrimages to the Amazon , to drink ayahuasca with shamans , and to be healed from a broad range of physical and mental disorders . At this point , people are not waiting for a green light from any health agencies .
According to Dr. Dennis McKenna and other researchers investigating ayahuasca and brain chemistry , the brew appears to normalize levels of critically important brain chemicals , including dopamine . This compound is essential to the experience of satisfaction , and is reduced in cases of drug addiction and dependence . In native ceremonies and in church settings , ayahuasca appears to produce rapid changes in many cases . While the ways that ayahuasca helps some people to overcome addictions is not entirely understood , the volume of people claiming success with addiction or dependency points to something well worth knowing much more about .
Click here to see this intriguing paper on ayahuasca and addictions , by Dr. Jacques Mabit .
Another psychedelic plant drug garnering attention for addiction treatment is the west African plant Iboga ( Tabernanthe iboga ) , and its primary alkaloid ibogaine . An entire ibogaine-based addiction treatment underground exists wordwide , due to the reputedly remarkable efficacy of taking this drug . In Gabon where iboga is use ceremonially , the event takes 24 hours . Typically participants experience visions , deep thoughts , and a sense of being refreshed and restored overall . Iboga is said to “ re-set ” the chemicals of the brain , and to shed the biological and mental inclinations to abuse a particular substance .
While most people will not travel to Gabon or Congo to participate in a traditional ceremony with iboga , they can and do find treatment centers and gatherings where the active compound ibogaine can be used . Ibogaine enjoys a large body of investigation for its anti-addictive benefits , and the compound is also the subject of at least four patents for the treatment of addictions . FDA has approved at least one study of addiction and ibogaine treatment , and the National Institute on Drug Abuse is looking into multi-site studies of ibogaine for addiction treatment . Erowid vaults provides a good synopsis of ibogaine and the current state of addiction research with this potent visionary plant drug .
Another psychedelic , the cactus peyote , also shows promise for the treatment of drug problems . The Native American Church uses and dispenses peyote in its legally-sanctioned religious ceremonies all over the United States . Many people have sought these ceremonies to deal with drug addiction and dependency , and reports of cures are too many to ignore .
This is not an endorsement to venture forth and consume psychedelics . But there is unquestionable promise in the careful and judicious use of some psychoactive plants for the treatment of drug-related problems . Combined with other lifestyle approaches including counseling , detox , diet and exercise , the psychedelic drugs may eventually occupy a distinguished spot in the full pharmacy of addiction treatment options .
Chris Kilham is a medicine hunter who researches natural remedies all over the world , from the Amazon to Siberia . He teaches ethnobotany at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , where he is Explorer In Residence . Chris advises herbal , cosmetic and pharmaceutical companies and is a regular guest on radio and TV programs worldwide . His field research is largely sponsored by Naturex of Avignon , France . Read more at www.MedicineHunter.com
Guest post by Jack Whelan .
[ W ] hat is at issue here is evaluating the danger of what might happen to our humanity in the present half-century , and distinguishing between what we want to keep and what we are ready to lose , between what we can welcome as legitimate human development and what we should reject with our last ounce of strength as dehumanization . I can not think that choices of this kind are unimportant . -- Jacques Ellul
I have come to look at schools as a critical focal point in the fight for the soul of the nation . Our schools are foundational for our cultural life , and so much depends on our having a flourishing , humanizing public-education system . The battle over the schools is a microcosm of the battle that is going on everywhere else , but which most people feel too powerless to fight . Maintaining local control of our public schools system is essential for enabling even the possibility of such a fight .
Most people understand that it 's not good for their kids to have their schools run like the big corporation or governmental agency that they or their neighbors work for . They understand that it 's not good for their kids to have their schools turned into testing mills with a narrowly focused curriculum . But too many do not yet realize that it is critical for them to organize to fight off the aggressive , well-funded efforts by national corporate-reformers to destroy local control and democratic accountability and recreate public school in their own image .
If public-school education is a critical battleground for the soul of the nation , who are the combatants ? I see them as broadly falling into two camps : technocrats and humanists . Let 's define terms . I mean 'humanist ' in the broad sense as the affirmation of the value and dignity of particular , individual human beings and of their individual potential to become more densely realized as a self in community with other Selves . This contrasts with the technocratic tendency to see humans as abstractions in the aggregate , as data points on a spread sheet .
I also mean 'humanism ' in its more common meaning as the study of the humanities , that is , the study of the human condition -- history , languages , literature , philosophy , religion , the arts -- and the free-ranging quest for knowledge through the sciences . I mean it in the classical , renaissance sense , in which humanist thinkers revolted against the utilitarian , dead , mechanistic scholasticism that had rigidified learning in the universities in the late 14th and early 15th centuries . Renaissance humanism was full souled ; it concerned the whole human being , and it laid the foundation for a remarkably spirited efflorescence in literature , the visual arts , architecture , science , and scholarship that we now associate with the quattrocento in Italy , and later in the low countries and England .
The European renaissance was one of those moments in which the whole human being -- as embodied , ensouled , and spirited was celebrated . Leonardo 's and Michelangelo 's genius would not have been realized had this underlying rich , deep understanding of the human and of human possibilities not been the soil from which they drew nourishment for their development .
Our culture no longer produces such great souls -- at least none that are widely recognized . It produces plenty of smart people but few , if any , who could be called `` big souled '' . Can you name one person born in the developed world since World War I who 500 years from now will be ranked at the same level of greatness with Leonardo , Michelangelo , Goethe , Bach , Beethoven , Lincoln , Tolstoy , Dostoyevski , to name just the ones that come quickly to mind ? The only two I can think of who come close are Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King , and neither represents a typical 20th-Century , developed-world upbringing . And the one we killed , and the other we threw into prison for twenty-seven years . What then are the conditions that allow for the emergence such human beings ? What is it about our culture now that seems to impede their emergence ? What is wrong with us ?
This Renaissance lasted for about 150 years , drying up around the time of Descartes and the subsequent obsession with a constrained , rationalistic need for certainty and measurement . Romanticism and German Idealism revived something of the full souled renaissance spirit , but it was quickly quashed after the mid-19th century as an anti-humanist , soul-crushing , reductionistic materialism came to dominate Western societies . The collective meaning framework of the West was shattered , and with that followed in the 20th century the loss of a broad cultural sense of purpose or of higher aspiration .
That is now our condition as diffident , no-longer-moderns . There was the Age of Faith , then the Age of Reason , and now we have devolved into the Age of Whatever , and the cultural vacuum created where there was once a soul is now filled with the craving to consume . And so everywhere the forces for the soulful 'human ' are in retreat . A basic human decency still pervades the culture , but there is no greatness anymore , no big souls , only the parody of greatness in celebrityhood or in corporate buccaneering . That 's what 's wrong with us .
* * * * * * * * * *
So then , what of technocracy and why is it a problem that should concern us ? What are the characteristics of the technocratic mindset that pose such a serious threat to the soulful human ? The technocratic mindset feels at home in governmental , corporate , and foundation bureaucracies . It is procedure oriented and lacks practical wisdom or adaptability to the unforeseen or the uncontrollable . It is mentality obsessed with measurement : if it can not be measured it does not exit .
Large organizations are hierarchical , and they attract ambitious people who seek to climb to the top . It recruits the best and brightest , but filters out anyone who would challenge its narrowly defined assumptions . The people who succeed in rising into positions of leadership are Hi-IQ , very articulate , and have been promoted precisely because of their aggressiveness and confidence in promoting the technocracy 's mission . Their success within the parameters defined by the technocracy 's mission has reinforced their self-perception as the best and the brightest , and this breeds in them a we-know-better arrogance , and so they are too often contemptuous at worst , patronizing at best , of anyone who disagrees with them , especially if they are `` soft '' humanistic types .
Technocracies as systems are very uncomfortable with what they can not control or predict . They therefore see the lively , eccentric , and unpredictable as irrelevant or as a problem to be eliminated . It revels in the general , and is allergic to the concrete and particular . It cares about the abstract and quantitative and regards the qualitative as soft , unmeasurable , and thus trivial . As Ian McGilcrhist points out , it lives within a rigid template of reality , in its own mirror world , and anything that does n't fit gets chopped off .
And so technocratic projects are always naively , if not cynically , `` data driven '' . Naive because technocrats do n't understand the limitations of the impoverished interpretive framework they use to find meaning in the data , and they do n't understand how irrational interests shape their supposedly rational methods . They are cynical when they know their interpretations of the data are arbitrary or manipulated to serve predetermined agendas . While they present themselves as `` impatient optimists '' , they too often develop elaborate and fundamentally wrongheaded , if not delusional , strategies to change the world for the better by some limited metric of their own contrivance , and in doing so too often create even bigger messes than the one they hoped to clean up .
This is the mindset that supported , for idealistic reasons , the invasion of Iraq and is also the mindset that makes it impossible for those who have it to see that they were wrong until the evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible . It 's the mindset of economists who believe in things like perfectly competitive markets and have a hard time understanding why reality wo n't conform to their theories . Technocratic thinking starts with an abstraction , and then insists that the world conform to it , and if it wo n't do it willingly it will use force if it can .
It 's the driving force behind idealistic social engineering projects that so often lead to destructive , bloody ends .
These impatient optimists , all with the best of intentions , in extreme cases gave us Vietnam , the Cultural Revolution in China , the Terror in France , and the Spanish Inquisition . It 's the abstract , delusional thinking behind the idea that there can be a war on drugs or that all kids who live in poverty can succeed academically if we improve their teachers without changing their lives conditions outside of the school building . It 's the McDonald 's mentality that wants to standardize everything so the hamburger you get in Dayton , Ohio , is the same one you get in Anchorage , Alaska . But our kids are not hamburgers or widgets or anything that should be treated in a standardized way . Do n't be confused by the humanistic rhetoric of technocrats . Look at their policies . Obama talks like a humanist , but Duncan 's policies are technocratic through and through .
No , our culture no longer produces great souls -- we produce instead celebrities , experts , and technocratic warlords like Bill Gates , Dick Cheney , and Michelle Rhee . They are in their own minds right , and everyone else wrong . They do n't realize , however , that they are working with only half a brain , hypertrophied though that half might be . They have their arguments , and some of them are very clever if you accept their basic assumptions , but how do you talk to someone about an alternative vision that embraces the beauties of red and green and blue when he is colorblind and thinks that anybody who is n't is crazy ?
What do you think ? Can we build a humanistic vision for education that can prevail ?
Jack Whelan teaches Strategic Communications at the Foster School of Business at the University of Washington . He ran for and lost his race for a position on the school board for Seattle Public Schools in 2011 .
“ Keep your eye on the ball ” is one of baseball 's oldest adages . According to John Russell , it does n't apply to managers and coaches . The Baltimore Orioles bench coach and his professional brethren have responsibilities that go beyond watching the flight of the cowhide sphere .
Russell , who skippered the Pittsburgh Pirates prior to joining Buck Showalter 's staff in 2011 , expounded on the subject during a mid-June visit to Fenway Park .
———
Russell on watching the game : “ I think different managers do different things , but you run little checklists in your mind . First , there 's a lot of preparation involved before the game begins . Once it does , you obviously keep an eye on your pitcher . But one of the biggest things — we talk to young managers about this when they first start out — is that you do n't want to be caught following the baseball . When the ball is hit , you do n't want to just lock in on it . If you do , you 're going to miss a lot .
“ A manager is responsible for the whole team . You want to make sure your guys are going to the right positions . Is your pitcher going to the right spot to back up ? Is your catcher going where he needs to go ? If you just lock in on the baseball , you 're basically seeing two and a half guys in one area . You 're maybe seeing your shortstop in your peripheral , and two of your outfielders . If an infielder comes in and asks if he was in the right cutoff spot , and you ca n't answer him , that means you were caught watching the ball .
“ At the major-league level , players know where they need to go , but there are situations where you need to reemphasize . Sometimes you need to recreate . With speed on the bases , maybe we need to do it this way ? But what you worked on in spring training , what you talked about in advance meetings — is everybody executing correctly for the situation at hand ? You want to create an atmosphere where your players know they 're doing everything the right way .
“ As a coach , your responsibility is your area . An infield coach watches the infielders , an outfield coach will pay attention to the outfielders . As a catching coach , I 'll pay more attention to the catcher . A manager 's scope is a lot bigger . For him , it 's the whole field . When I say you ca n't follow the ball , that does n't mean you 're not watching it . It 's more that want to see a bigger picture .
“ I 'm the bench coach , so I do more than watch the catcher . Buck is a great game manager and he follows a lot . Having been around him for as long as I have , I know what he likes to look for . I know certain things I can help him with , or ask him about . I also know our catchers well enough that it takes one quick glance to know they 're in the right spot , then I can start looking around the field with Buck . If Buck sees something he wants to discuss with me , I need to have an idea of what he 's talking about .
“ Kirb ( Wayne Kirby ) will make sure , depending on the hitter and the pitcher , that our outfielders are positioned correctly . Bobby ( Dickerson ) will make sure our infielders are in the right spots , that we 're shifting correctly . I 'll watch the catcher . With a man on base , he 'll look over and I 'll give him signs about whether we 'll throw over or pitch out . With runners on first and third , I 'll let him know if we 're going to throw through or not . The manager will give the bunt plays . Each coach has a responsibility and that 's what he focuses on in a game .
“ A perfect example of needing to watch the catcher happened last night . When teams shift against Boston , the runner at first has n't been sliding ( into second ) . He 's been taking off toward third , because you do n't have anybody there . The third baseman is in short right field and the shortstop has to cover second . I 've reminded Matt ( Wieters ) that if a ground ball is hit , he has to bust over to third . On a ball hit to the right side , a pitcher 's first instinct is to head to first , so there 's no way he can stop and get over there in time . It has to be the catcher , and once I see Matt break that way , I can watch the rest of the play develop .
“ As coaches , we need to stay focused . You ca n't be reactive ; you have to be proactive . Buck says it really well : ‘ I 'm not paranoid ; I try to be prepared . ' A lot more preparation and observation go into a game than most fans realize . We 're not just sitting back and watching . If we were , we 'd be missing a lot . ”
Return to FAQs page
In Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day , we talked about a way to get steam into the oven to create a great , crispy , caramelized crust on lean ( un-enriched ) loaves : pouring water into a pre-heated METAL ( not glass ) broiler tray or other pan just before you close the oven door . To be extra-safe about your glass oven window , protect it from the water with a towel before you pour the water ; remove the towel before closing the oven door . Some older non-tempered glass windows can crack if you get water on them when they 're hot . This metal-tray method works well in most ovens .
But some ovens are a bit temperamental about this . Really large ovens , or really well-vented ones , and in many cases , professional-quality ovens installed in homes , seem to let the steam escape and you end up with a dull , pale-colored crust that never gets crisp . We 've got a video of some excellent alternatives…
Steam is escaping from those ovens , one way or another . If you 're having trouble getting a nice crust , try one of the other two methods in this video , neither of which require the water tray :
a food-grade water sprayer
A lidded vessel , either a cast-iron pot , or a cloche ( both need to be pre-heated before adding the dough )
Our other posts on these methods :
Baking in a Dutch Oven : http : //artisanbreadinfive.com/ ? p=552 or outdoors http : //artisanbreadinfive.com/ ? p=627
Cloche baking : http : //artisanbreadinfive.com/ ? p=566
And the least expensive closed vessel of all : Aluminum Roasting Pan for Crust : http : //artisanbreadinfive.com/ ? p=510
More in The New Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day , and our other books .
Return to FAQs page
Andre Villas-Boas : Spurs boss criticised the White Hart Lane crowd
A late penalty from Roberto Soldado proved to be the difference between the two teams as Spurs endured a majorly frustrating afternoon due to a resilient display from the visitors .
The result saw Spurs climb to fourth in the league , three points behind leaders Arsenal , but Villas-Boas says that the home crowd did not help his men to victory in any way , likening the atmosphere to playing an away game .
`` I compliment the boys for what they did - great work rate . Not only that but we played away from home . We did n't have the support that we should have had in a game that we needed a win , '' he told Sky Sports .
`` There was much anxiety present in the fans which transmitted to the players , so this victory is down to the players . We did it with no help today .
`` It was difficult to break them ( Hull ) . They came here with a good strategy and different to what other teams have done here which is defended and look to hit us on the counter .
`` I think the thing we did different to the game against West Ham was that we waited patiently for our opportunity . It 's always difficult to get in behind a defence of five plus four in the middle and one up front . ''
For the third time this season , Spurs claimed a 1-0 win through a Soldado penalty , although Villas-Boas admitted that the decision could have gone either way .
`` It 's obviously harsh , the ball is stopped from going forward because it hits Elmohamady 's hand but it comes off his foot so it 's difficult , '' he said .
`` The referee probably could have not given it but he decided to give it . The ball hits him quite strongly so it stops the ball from going forward in the cross .
`` It 's a position where sometimes you see it given , sometimes you do n't . ( Steve ) Bruce will be absolutely devastated by the decision . ''
Speaking of Soldado , Villas-Boas added : `` He 's a great finisher , so cool . Particularly at that time with the levels of anxiety present in the ground .
`` We could have perfectly had a result like this against West Ham and our position in the league would be first so sometimes it 's difficult . I think we kept the ball on the ground and tried to play , tried to break in behind .
`` We need people to be patient and support the players and give them the extra energy to go through and not the negative energy . ''
Andros Townsend spent a lengthy period off the pitch towards the end of the game after colliding with the advertising hoardings , and Villas-Boas revealed that the winger was knocked out in the incident .
`` Apparently he fell in a hole behind the publicity boards which is there for the cameras , '' he added . `` When he fell , he was unconscious and he fell with his wrist and he 's in a lot of pain but tells me he 's going to be OK . ''
Image caption Japan cut short its whaling season last year because of harassment by anti-whaling activists
Japan has used funds from its tsunami recovery budget to subsidise its controversial annual whaling programme , environmental activists say .
Greenpeace says 2.3bn yen ( $ 30m ; £19m ) from a budget of 12.1 trillion yen is being used to fund extra security .
Japanese officials argued when they applied for extra funding that whaling helped coastal communities .
The whaling fleet reportedly headed for Antarctic waters this week , though Tokyo has not confirmed the reports .
There has been a ban on commercial whaling for 25 years , but Japan catches about 1,000 whales each year in what it says is a scientific research programme .
Critics say those claims are just a cover for a commercial operation , and accuse the Japanese of hunting the animals to the brink of extinction only for food .
Activists from the Sea Shepherd group have attacked the fleet as part of their campaign against whaling .
Last year Japanese abandoned its programme before it was completed , citing `` harassment '' from the group .
Earlier this year , the Japanese Fisheries Agency applied to the government for extra funding for its programme from the emergency budget aimed at helping communities recover from the devastating tsunami and earthquake .
The agency argued that some of the towns and villages affected relied on whaling for their livelihoods .
Activists say the agency 's funding request was approved and it has spent the money on extra security and covering its debts .
Junichi Sato , from Greenpeace Japan , told Australia 's ABC that there was no link between the whaling programme and the tsunami recovery .
`` It is simply used to cover the debts of the whaling programme , because the whaling programme itself has been suffering from big financial problems , '' he said .
The Australian and New Zealand governments have both criticised Japan 's decision to continue whaling .
They are both considering sending vessels to monitor the whaling fleet .
Sea Shepherd activists have promised to carry on their campaign against the whaling fleet .
After being issued a notification from the Home Ministry detailing just what powers he actually had , Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal hit back alleging that the notification was an attempt to protect the corrupt and that the Narendra Modi government was trying to run the Delhi government through the Lieutenant-Governor .
The Delhi chief minister called the Centre 's notification `` a gift from the Modi government for completing a year in office '' and clarifying his relationship with the Lieutenant Governor , Kejriwal said `` Jung saab ke saath koi Jung nahi hai '' ( There is no war with Jung )
However , he said that Lieutenant Governor has no actual powers as all his orders come from the top .
`` Pre independence , Queen of England used to send notifications to the Viceroy here . Now , Jung Sahab is Viceroy & PMO is London . All orders come from the PMO , '' Kejriwal said .
Continuing his attack on the Modi government , he went on to state that the notification proved that Modi with his 3 BJP MLA 's is trying to control the Delhi government through the backdoor .
`` The BJP and Congress want to have their own officers in Delhi and get government contracts for their own people , '' he alleged .
The Centre on Friday morning issued a notification which backed Jung and said that it was not mandatory for the Lieutenant Governor to consult the Chief Minister .
Kejriwal alleged that issuing the notification was very 'unfair ' towards the people of Delhi , and said that the AAP government is doing very good work .
`` We want to ask the Narendra Modi government , who are they trying to save through this notification ? '' he said
Kejriwal alleged that the government is rattled by the action taken by the Delhi government against corrupt officers and was attempting to protect corrupt officials by issuing the notification .
`` They are saying that we ca n't take any action against corrupt official in the central government , '' he said .
Shifting his focus on Najeeb Jung , Kejriwal said , `` The Lieutenant Governor has never asked about water or electricity , all they are interested in is transfer posting . ''
He also added that it is because of the AAP government that a lot of money being paid for transfers has ended , a statement his deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia had made earlier .
`` Probably the AAP government is one of the cleanest governments Delhi has ever seen , '' Kejriwal said .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The Flyers currently do not have an enforcer on their roster . I literally do not remember the last time this was true , but it is right this second .
Jay Rosehill , Chris VandeVelde and Rob Zepp were all waived on Friday with the purpose of being sent to the Lehigh Valley Phantoms . It 's the final day of cuts and the Flyers have their roster .
But hold your horses : this does n't mean that the Flyers will not have an enforcer on the roster , necessarily . It could just be salary cap maneuvering , and probably is .
Rosehill could be waived , sent down , then Kimmo goes on LTIR and he gets recalled again . Best way to utilize Kimmo 's LTIR space : — Kevin Christmann ( @ KevinXmann ) October 3 , 2014
They can then put Kimmo on LTIR later and use his full 2 million . — Kevin Christmann ( @ KevinXmann ) October 3 , 2014
Good job by Flyers . With this roster and Pronger and White on LTIR , they are only missing out on a minuscule 55k of their LTIR . — Kevin Christmann ( @ KevinXmann ) October 3 , 2014
With these moves the Flyers have 25 players on their roster , including Chris Pronger , Kimmo Timonen and Ryan White , who are all injured and will at some point be placed on long term injured reserve . So that 's 22 actual players who can play the game , leading us to believe that Rosehill ( or somebody ) will be called back up sooner than later . What Kevin 's outlined above there makes a lot of sense .
Here 's what the roster looks like right now . Players in blue have been sent to juniors , players in red are injured , players in orange are on the Flyers .
STAFF at Toys R Us have been accused of hoarding this year 's must-have toy and reselling it at a profit .
Hatchimals , which retail for $ 79 and are out of stock at major retailers , are being sold on eBay and Gumtree for up to $ 500 as desperate parents hunt for last-minute gifts .
The furry creatures , which emerge from an egg and grow before your eyes , are the top-selling toy this Christmas around the world .
Savvy — and some would claim exploitative — sellers have been making thousands in the grey market trade .
Scores of Australian sellers have listed the items on eBay and Gumtree , to the disgust of parents left with no choice but to pay the inflated price .
Toys R Us is investigating claims its staff are among the resellers , after a customer claimed to have knowledge of the practice .
Mum Kirsty Rogers complained on the Toys R Us Australia Facebook page : “ Why is it that Toys R Us Staff are selling the impossible-to-get toy of the year , Hatchimals , on eBay and Gumtree for highly inflated prices ? I 'm all for staff getting first option to purchase but buying multiple of them for the sheer purpose of making a profit is disgusting . ”
Hatchimals advert for Toys-R-Us 0:40 Hatchimals are highly interactive toy pets , Every Hatchimal is different and each hatching experience for children of all ages .
The retailer 's social media team responded that “ we 're expecting more stock around February but it has not yet been confirmed ” .
Karen Taylor , general manager for merchandise and toy marketing , said such behaviour would be in breach of Toys R Us ' “ acceptable use ” policy relating to staff purchases .
“ We 've seen no evidence of this practice but we 'll continue to investigate , ” Ms Taylor told news.com.au .
Toys R Us has also received a stream of complaints about late deliveries , missing orders and the ultimate Santa fail — gifts delivered , unwrapped , before children 's eyes .
“ My four-year-old 's present he is longing for was just dropped at the door while I was in the shower and not being in a bag or anything he has now seen it , ” mum Megan Creelman wrote .
“ I would just like to thank you guys for ruining my Christmas surprise and I now ca n't afford another ‘ wow ' item for him , very disappointed . ”
Another disgruntled mum , Bec Scott , wrote : “ Thanks for delivering my nine-year-old son 's Christmas gift directly to him today . The $ 300 scooter wasted as you could n't even wrap it . Nice work . ”
RESELLERS MAKE $ 20,000 IN TWO MONTHS
Brothers Mike and Stan Zappa in the United States were among the first to cash in on the Hatchimals trend , buying $ 6850 ( $ US5000 ) worth of the toys back in October .
They sold out of their stockpile a week ago , making a profit of $ 20,540 ( $ US15,000 ) after donating 10 Hatchimals to needy families .
It 's # BLACKFRIDAY ! Do n't be left out in the cold . No line , no stress ! # Hatchimals AVAILABLE . All colors . Safe and easy PayPal transaction . pic.twitter.com/16Lazm8aIk — Mike Zappa ⚓️ ( @ MikeZappa ) November 25 , 2016
WHEN STOCKPILING BACKFIRES
Not everyone who jumped on the Hatchimals trend was a winner .
Best-selling author Sara Gruen thought she was onto a sure-fire money-spinner when she bought 156 of the toys for more than $ 31,470 ( $ US23,000 ) — at an already inflated price — with the aim of reselling them to raise cash to help Chuck Murdoch , a man she believes was wrongly convicted of murder .
But Ms Gruen was not prepared for the eBay crackdown that would bring her scheme undone .
“ When I tried to list the toys back on eBay , I learned that the online sales site had initiated a new rule — no more than three auctions a week for Hatchimals , ” she said in a statement . “ Fearing a near-total loss , I looked for other channels . ”
After setting up a store on Shopify , she put the word out on social media and in the local paper , PhillyVoice .
“ That 's where the trouble began , ” Ms Gruen said . “ There followed a torrent of accusations and recriminations , personal and graphic threats and incitements to physical violence — all over the entirely false notion that I had denied parents the presents they needed to give their children for Christmas . ”
Outraged parents posted to the author 's Facebook page , accusing her of trying to rip them off and suggesting she should “ change your last name from Gruen to Grinch ” .
“ I do n't care what your purpose is for selling the Hatchimals , it 's wrong ! ” one mother wrote .
“ People who can barely afford $ 50 to buy one for their child and you raise the price up to an unrealistic amount ... Shame on you ! ”
But Ms Gruen defended her operation , saying that anyone who bought from her online store “ knew they were paying a premium to support my cause ” and that others “ could have bought a Hatchimal for less at any time on eBay , and still can ” .
In the end , she said , she made enough to cover about three per cent of the costs she 'd accrued on helping build a legal case to free the man she refers to as “ unlucky Chuck ” , who was “ still waking up in prison , where he 'll spend another Christmas for something everybody who 's looked seriously at the case knows he did n't do ” .
In good news for last-minute shoppers , some Australian resellers are dropping the Buy It Now price for Hatchimals to around $ 150 as Christmas approaches . There could be some real bargains around once Boxing Day arrives .
dana.mccauley @ news.com.au
Few historical inventions could claim to offer its users as much freedom as the bicycle . Suffragettes of the 19th century went so far as to call the bicycle a “ freedom machine ” . So it 's only fitting that cycling and freedom once again meet up at the Underground Railroad Bicycle Route . During the 1800s over 100,000 slaves sought freedom on the Underground Railroad , the network of people and places who assisted African-Americans escape slavery from the south . The Underground Railroad Bicycle Route follows along this historical 2,008-mile corridor from Mobile , Alabama to Owen Sound in Ontario with alternate routes through either Detroit or Buffalo around Lake Erie .
The route was developed by Adventure Cycling Association as a way to honor of the bravery of those who escaped bondage and those who helped . In partnership with the Center for Minority Health at the University of Pittsburgh as well as partnering with local communities , Adventure Cycling continues to promote and maintain the route with published maps , guided tours , and trip planning , including downloadable local maps for day trips .
Though thousands of different routes were used in the Underground Railroad , this route serves as a representation of the movement of slaves from the deep south northward . The route travels through a wealth of history including the town of Ripley , Ohio , home to famous Underground Railroad Conductors , and the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center and the Harriet Beecher Stowe House in Cincinnati . A side spur out of Waynesville , Ohio will bring you to Springboro , Ohio , home to the most documented safe houses in the state , one in which cyclists can even spend the night .
Divided into 5 sections , the route mostly follows along rivers and rural roads with light traffic , perfect for bicycle touring . Sections that go around the cities of Cincinnati and Columbus are more urban . The southernmost section from Mobile to Fulton , Mississippi travels through small towns with lush green landscapes that Adventure Cycling says is like “ pedaling through a William Faulkner novel ” . In Ohio , the route picks up the Little Miami Scenic Trail , one of the longest paved rail trails in the country , for some completely car-free cycling . The northern sections on each side of Lake Erie host numerous historic sites including safe houses and museums . The end of the line in Owen Sound was the final terminal for the Underground Railroad and hosts an annual Emancipation Day Celebration .
( Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP )
“ Trump 's complaints about the judge and the law firm in the Trump University case are valid and reflect a growing pattern of politicized ‘ justice . ' Criticizing the judge for his membership in a radical La Raza San Diego group would have been legitimate . Focusing on ethnicity was not . ”
— Former House speaker Newt Gingrich ( R-Ga. ) , interview with The Washington Post , June 6
Gingrich , a Donald Trump supporter , has been critical of the Republican presidential candidate 's racially charged remarks about the federal judge presiding over the Trump University case . Trump continues to say that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel , who was born in Indiana , is biased against him because of Curiel 's Mexican heritage and Trump 's border security proposals , including building a wall . Gingrich has called such claims “ inexcusable ” and “ one of the worst mistakes Trump has made . ”
In an interview with The Post , the former House speaker repeated a widely debunked claim perpetrated by Trump 's supporters and surrogates to argue that Curiel is a liberal judge playing identity politics through the Trump University case . Gingrich described Curiel 's membership in a “ radical ” La Raza group in San Diego , suggesting that the group is affiliated with a well-known pro-immigrant group with a similar name .
So let 's debunk this once and for all — and along the way , check out some of the new claims about this group 's alleged connections to illegal immigration advocacy .
The Facts
As The Post and other media outlets have pointed out repeatedly , Curiel is a member of the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association , which is a professional organization for Latino lawyers . The group is the San Diego local affiliate of the California La Raza Lawyers Association , whose membership comprises lawyers practicing in California , and is a 501 ( c ) ( 6 ) nonprofit trade organization . It has an affiliated 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) scholarship fund that awarded 22 scholarships totaling $ 34,000 in 2014 . More on that later .
This group is not the National Council of La Raza , the Hispanic civil rights nonprofit organization that has pushed for comprehensive immigration reform in Congress with a pathway to citizenship and legalization for undocumented immigrants . It 's often referred to as simply “ La Raza , ” especially in the context of the immigration debate .
To recap this simple fact : San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association ≠ National Council of La Raza .
When Trump began his public tirade against Curiel , Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson and other supporters conflated the two groups , which both use “ La Raza. ” But now , even conservative groups have acknowledged that they are separate organizations .
A literal translation for “ La Raza ” is “ the race , ” but it 's interpreted as a broader term describing the Latino community . Opponents of immigration note that the term has roots in the Chicano nationalization movement of the 1960s . But “ La Raza ” is a common name incorporated throughout the community and often used by Latino organizations and businesses , including restaurants and medical clinics . A search for “ la raza ” on yellowpages.com turned up more than 3,000 results in California alone .
“ The only tie that we have been that we serve the Latino community , and they do as well , ” said Luis Osuna , president of the lawyers association . “ But they 're a politically driven advocacy group , and we 're just a local diversity Bar association that focuses on both diversity and equality in the legal field , but particularly among Latinos . ”
Lisa Navarette , a spokeswoman for the National Council of La Raza , confirmed this , saying : “ The two organizations know of each other but are two completely separate organizations , and nothing wrong with either organization . The judge is not a member of NCLR , but there would n't be any issue if he was . ”
Still , Trump 's supporters and surrogates continue to draw misleading ties between the lawyers organization and the National Council of La Raza and advocacy for legalizing undocumented immigrants .
The latest criticism is that the group considers the National Council of La Raza and other pro-immigrant organizations a part of its “ community , ” as evidenced by a list of organizations on its website under the heading “ Community. ” But that 's a real stretch . Another misleading claim is that the organization gave a scholarship to an undocumented student in 2014 , when Curiel served on the scholarship selection committee . In reality , the student identified himself as undocumented only after he was selected for a scholarship .
The list of Web links is a resource to people who visit the website looking for information and services the organization does n't provide , Osuna said . It includes links to groups , such as the San Diego Latino Film Festival , a domestic violence program , legal aid society , the San Diego Superior Court and resources for victims of human trafficking .
As for the scholarship , one of the recipients of a 2014 scholarship from the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association Scholarship Fund was a part-time law student who identified himself as undocumented — after he received the award . The student received a $ 1,500 scholarship and wrote in his bio that he emigrated to America at age 11 , and that he “ wishes to someday tell any student struggling with higher education , ‘ Look , a boy from Oaxaca , who did not know English and is undocumented has now graduated from law school and is an attorney . ' ” Curiel was one of 10 people on the scholarship selection committee .
The California Supreme Court has ruled that undocumented immigrants can be admitted to the state bar as long as they have fulfilled requirements to practice law in the state , effective January 2014 . The organization does not ask applicants for their citizenship status , and the student identified as undocumented when he wrote his bio for an event program , Osuna said .
“ We give [ scholarships ] to Latino students . It 's not as if being undocumented is a prerequisite or a question asked in the application , ” he said .
[ Update : After the fact-check published , a spokesman for Gingrich responded to our request for explanation , saying Gingrich did not conflate National Council of La Raza with the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association “ because there is no need , ” as both groups are “ radical . ”
We asked what constituted “ radical ” activities , and the spokesman said the lawyer group was affiliated with two groups that have advocated for pro-immigrant policies ( Hispanic National Bar Association and the Mexican American Legal Defense ) , as shown by their names appearing on the “ Community ” section online . The lawyer group also linked to those two organization 's news releases and hosted events featuring their leaders , he said .
Neither the Hispanic National Bar Association nor the Mexican American Legal Defense has an official affiliation directly with the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association . However , the lawyers group has paid to be an affiliate member of the Hispanic National Bar Association in the past . Still , as we noted , listing other pro-immigrant organizations under the San Diego lawyers association 's “ Community ” section as a resource does n't prove that the lawyers group itself is “ radical . ”
In a statement released June 7 , Trump called Curiel 's professional memberships into question but also announced he does not “ intend to comment on this matter any further ” : “ Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the Judge 's reported associations with certain professional organizations , questions were raised regarding the Obama appointed Judge 's impartiality . It is a fair question . I hope it is not the case . ” ]
The Pinocchio Test
It 's time to drop this false accusation that Curiel is a member of a “ radical ” group that advocates for immigrant rights , or for legalization of undocumented immigrants . Trump 's supporters continue to mischaracterize this group as either the same , or comparable , to a Hispanic civil rights group .
Yet Curiel is a member of the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association , which is a professional organization for Latino lawyers . There 's no evidence the organization is advocating for giving law scholarships to undocumented immigrants . And the new attack that the group lists the National Council of La Raza as a member of its “ community ” on its website is just a red herring that says nothing substantive about the lawyers group 's activities or merits as a professional organization .
Four Pinocchios
( About our rating scale )
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Check out our 2016 candidates fact-check page
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
Software sales have also been fairly strong . Sony says that , as of December 4th , it 's sold 369.6 million games across retail and digital downloads . That means that roughly seven games have been purchased for every one console .
As Sony 's announcement gives only a grouped figure for console sales , it 's impossible to know exactly how many of the 10 million PS4s sold since May were the `` Pro '' edition . Similarly , there have been absolutely no firm figures for PlayStation VR sales . The headset came out back in October , and at the time SCEE president Jim Ryan said launch sales were expected to be `` many hundreds of thousands . '' Analytics firm SuperData projects that total sales of the headset in 2016 will be less than 750,000 .
Microsoft stopped reporting figures some time ago . The launch of the smaller Xbox One S has revitalized sales somewhat , with the Xbox One outselling Sony 's console for several months in a row this year . Third-party estimates suggest that Microsoft has sold between 25-30 million Xbox Ones , giving Sony close to a two-to-one sales lead .
Posted 28 October 2013 - 04:50 PM
Thomas Dziegielewski , on 28 October 2013 - 08:08 AM , said :
It reduces ALL screenshake by 33 % . Not HUD shake .
It will help popptarting yes , because we added the extra screenshake when taking damage in the air a few patches ago .
Can I please get an idea of what screenshake is vs hud shake ? Man there 's going to be a lot of people going to go `` Module is n't working . '' I think what you just said should be added into the description of the module because I never even knew there was a difference . It 's so vague
Burke IV , on 28 October 2013 - 10:46 AM , said :
Whenever people shoot at me all this smoke gets in the way . Especially when i go backwards i cant see anything . Any chance this module could reduce smoke density by 33 % aswell ?
It would help if Thermal Vision actually saw through smoke , eh ? That 's one of my huge pet peeves in the entire game . Thermal vision , you see massive plumes of smoke ( what ? ? ? ) . But in night vision , in the distance , you see right through them . The smoke effects need to reversed . THEN Thermal Vision will actually do it 's job , and would actually help you in this case . * grumble grumble * I 'm writting a ticket about it now .
A lunar eclipse happens when the Earth , sun and moon align in space , with Earth between the sun and moon . At such times , Earth 's shadow falls on the full moon , darkening the moon 's face and – at mid-eclipse – usually turning it a coppery red .
A solar eclipse happens at the opposite phase of the moon – new moon – when the moon passes between the sun and Earth .
Why are n't there eclipses at every full and new moon ?
The moon takes about a month to orbit around the Earth . If the moon orbited in the same plane as the ecliptic – Earth 's orbital plane – we would have a minimum of two eclipses every month . There 'd be an eclipse of the moon at every full moon . And , one fortnight ( approximately two weeks ) later there 'd be an eclipse of the sun at new moon for a total of at least 24 eclipses every year .
But the moon 's orbit is inclined to Earth 's orbit by about five degrees . Twice a month the moon intersects the ecliptic – Earth 's orbital plane – at points called nodes . If the moon is going from south to north in its orbit , it 's called an ascending node . If the moon is going from north to south , it 's a descending node . If the full moon or new moon is appreciably close to one of these nodes , then an eclipse is not only possible – but inevitable .
Coming up…Total lunar eclipse of January 20-21 , 2019
Visit EarthSky 's Best Places to Stargaze to find an eclipse-viewing location
Post your eclipse photo to EarthSky Community Photos
Solar and lunar eclipses always come in pairs , with one following the other in a period of one fortnight ( approximately two weeks ) . For example , in 2019 , the upcoming ascending node total lunar eclipse on January 20-21 follows the descending node partial solar eclipse on January 5-6 .
Then exactly six lunar months ( six new moons ) after the descending node partial solar eclipse on January 5-6 , there 's an ascending node total solar eclipse on July 2 . One fortnight after this ascending node July 2 total solar eclipse , there will be a descending node partial lunar eclipse on July 16 .
Then exactly six lunar months ( six new moons ) after the ascending node partial solar eclipse of July 2 , the final eclipse of 2019 will present a descending node annular solar eclipse on December 26 . One fortnight later , the first eclipse of 2020 will fall on January 10 , 2020 , to feature an ascending node penumbral lunar eclipse .
More often than not , two eclipses – one solar and one lunar – occur in one eclipse season , a period lasting approximately 34 to 35 days . Sometimes , though , when the initial eclipse happens sufficiently early in the eclipse season , there can be three eclipses in one eclipse season ( two solar and one lunar , or two lunar and one solar ) .
This year , in 2019 , the middle of the eclipse season happens on January 17 , July 10 and December 30 . At the middle of an eclipse season , which recurs in periods of about 173 days , the lunar nodes are in exact alignment with the Earth and sun .
The video below explains why a pair of eclipses happens when the new moon and full moon are closely aligned with the lunar nodes .
There might be some unfamiliar words in this video , including ecliptic and node . The ecliptic is the plane of Earth 's orbit around the sun . The moon 's orbit is inclined to the plane of the ecliptic . The nodes are the two points where the moon 's orbit and the ecliptic intersect .
Relative to the moon 's nodes , the moon 's phases recur about 30 degrees farther eastward ( counterclockwise ) along the zodiac each month . So the next pair of eclipses wo n't be forthcoming for nearly another six calendar months ( 6 x 30 degrees = 180 degrees ) , to fall on July 2 and 16 , 2019 .
Node passages of the moon : 2001 to 2100
Phases of the moon : 2001 to 2100
The following new moon and full moon happen again nearly 30 degrees farther eastward as measured by the constellations of the zodiac in about 29.5 days . But the moon returns to its node a good two days earlier than that , or in about 27.2 days . After the eclipses of January 6 and January 21 , 2019 , it 'll be a waning crescent moon ( not a new moon ) that crosses the moon 's descending node on February 3 , 2019 , and a waxing gibbous moon ( not a full moon ) that crosses the moon 's ascending node on February 17 , 2019 .
Even though the moon 's orbit is inclined to that of Earth – and even though there 's not an eclipse with every new and full moon – there are more eclipses than you might think .
There are from four to seven eclipses every year . Some are solar , some are lunar , some are total , and some are partial . All are marvelous to behold – a reminder that we live on a planet – a chance to experience falling in line with great worlds in space !
Bottom line : There 's no eclipse at every full moon and new moon because the moon 's orbit is inclined to Earth 's orbit by about five degrees . Most of the time , the sun , Earth and moon do n't line up precisely enough to cause an eclipse . But sometimes , more often than you might expect , they do !
EarthSky lunar calendars are cool ! They make great gifts . Order now . Going fast !
After making an USB Audio card work with Arduino Yún , the logical second step was tried to use an USB camera instead , and it worked ! I was so amazed by this new huge set of possibilitities to create , that I started a little weekend project : to build an Arduino based Facebook photo camera
I was so into this project that I did n't realize that , even if the single steps are very simple , they 're quite a lot ! So I decided to write this step-by-step tutorial and to split it into … articles .
Just to be clear :
The goal
To build photocamera that shoots pictures and publishes them directly to a specific Facebook Album .
Ingredients
Arduino Yún
USB camera ( this guide is for UVC compatible cameras )
Pushbutton circuit ( http : //arduino.cc/en/tutorial/button )
) SD Card
Facebook developers account ( https : //developers.facebook.com/ )
) Temboo account ( https : //temboo.com/ )
) Working , brand new Facebook Application ( we 'll create one during the tutorial )
This Arduino Sketch
This Python script
The Steps
Install the USB Camera on Arduino Yún Take your first picture Create the Facebook Application Post your first picture with the Temboo API Install the Temboo SDK on Arduino Yún Make the python script and publish your first photo to Facebook from Arduino Create the Arduino sketch Put everything together
1 . Install the USB Camera on Arduino Yún
I assume that your Arduino Yún is already configured for wi-fi ( or connected via the Ethernet port ) , and that you have SSH access to it , if not , follow this link to configure the wifi network and this link to connect via SSH .
The UVC package is already available fot Linino via opkg , so installing the Camera is a very easy step , just connect to your Yún via ssh and type
$ opkg update $ opkg install kmod-video-uvc
We also need a software for taking pictures , I used fswebcam that is supersmall and very easy to use
$ opkg install fswebcam
Now we can test it !
2 . Take your first picture
First of all , be sure to use and SD card for storage or you will quickly fill the Arduino internal storage , and you do n't want to do that . If you are using an SD card , you should see it mounted in /mnt/sda1 . If it 's not , put a FAT32 formatted micro SD card into the SD Card Slot , and reboot your Arduino
Now plug the camera to the USB host port , and type
$ cd /mnt/sda1 $ fswebcam test.png
If everything is ok , you took your first picture !
This means that now we can take pictures from our Arduino sketch , via the Yún 's Bridge library , in this way
Process.runShellCommand ( `` fswebcam /mnt/sda1/test.png '' ) ;
Now we will learn how to share them on Facebook using Temboo .
3 . Create the Facebook Application
This is easy , but you must be a Facebook developer to do that . That simply means that you have to accomplish these easy steps before starting . Done ? ok ! So now let 's create a blank Facebook Application
and configure it in this way :
Create a Temboo Application
First of all , register on Temboo . When you 're in , create a new application , then go to https : //temboo.com/library/Library/Facebook/Publishing/UploadPhoto/
add new credentials for the new Facebook app .
Choose oAuth wizard , go directly to the third step and copy and paste the app id & app secret from your Facebook application .
Go to the next step , click on launch authorisation and grant the authorisation to the Facebook application .
Now you have the access token
Click on use these values and save , copy and paste the access token in the access token form field if needed .
Now you need the target album id . to get an album id , just go on Facebook , open an album ( not a single photo ) and the URL will look like this .
The album id is the highlighted part . copy and paste it into the AlbumID field on Temboo
I also choose to open the Optional Input section and to put a custom message 🙂
If you take a look to the sample code , Temboo has made pretty much all the job for you , but we need to make some changes , we will make them later . Now we need some gratification , so let 's post our first picture !
4 . Post your first picture with the Temboo API
You already put your Access Token and the desired AlbumID . The only thing that 's missing is the Base64 Encoded image . So go to http : //www.freeformatter.com/base64-encoder.html and paste the URI of the image you want to encode , then copy the encoded string and paste it into the Temboo interface .
Click TRY IT OUT and voilà , the image it 's magically posted on your album !
5 . Install the Temboo SDK on Arduino Yún
We will use the Temboo API from a Python script , so we need to download the SDK . The download page is here https : //temboo.com/download , all we have to do is download the Python SDK and unzip it into the root folder of your Micro SD card ( it will unzip into a /temboo folder ) .
A very important step is installing OpenSSL support for Python , as the Temboo libraries will try to use SSL to publish the photos .
$ opkg update $ opkg install python-openssl
6 . Make the python script and publish your first photo to Facebook from Arduino
As I wrote before , the generated code from Temboo is a good starting point , but we need to make some modifications in order to make it work .
# Instantiate the Choreo , using a previously instantiated TembooSession object , eg : # session = TembooSession ( 'jeko ' , 'APP_KEY_NAME ' , 'APP_KEY_VALUE ' ) uploadPhotoChoreo = UploadPhoto ( session ) # Get an InputSet object for the choreo uploadPhotoInputs = uploadPhotoChoreo.new_input_set ( ) # Set credential to use for execution uploadPhotoInputs.set_credential ( 'ArduinoCamera ' ) # Set inputs uploadPhotoInputs.set_Message ( `` This photo has been shot and published with an Arduino Yún '' ) uploadPhotoInputs.set_AlbumID ( `` '' ) # Execute choreo uploadPhotoResults = uploadPhotoChoreo.execute_with_results ( uploadPhotoInputs )
Download my version of the script and copy it into the root folder of the SD card . Here 's what I did .
Step number one , the encoding . I 'm italian and we use a lot of accented characters , so I 'll use UTF-8 as the default script encoding , so I added
# coding=utf-8
at the top of my script . Now we need to read the photo from the disk , and to base64 encode it , so we will need the base64 and the sys libraries .
import base64 import sys
The Temboo libraries are not included in the generated script by Temboo , so we will have to add them
from temboo.core.session import TembooSession from temboo.Library.Facebook.Publishing import UploadPhoto
The script will read the first argument , and use it as the name of the image file to encode
with open ( str ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) , `` rb '' ) as image_file : encoded_string = base64.b64encode ( image_file.read ( ) )
In this line you have to put your Temboo 's account name , and the app name and key ( from this page )
session = TembooSession ( 'ACCOUNT_NAME ' , 'APP_KEY_NAME ' , 'APP_KEY_VALUE ' )
You 'll also need to put yout access token , message ( if you want one ) and Album ID into the script
uploadPhotoInputs.set_AccessToken ( `` ACCESS_TOKEN '' ) uploadPhotoInputs.set_Message ( `` MESSAGE '' ) uploadPhotoInputs.set_AlbumID ( `` ALBUM_ID '' )
The rest of the script is basically identical to the Temboo 's example .
We can now try to publish our first photo with the script !
$ fswebcam testpic.jpg $ python sendphoto.py testpic.jpg
At this point I strongly hope that it 's working for you as it 's working for me ( otherwise contact me and we will try to solve the problem together ) because you have just published your first picture to Facebook with Arduino ! The only missing step is to make an Arduino sketch to take and send the picture without using SSH
7 . Create the Arduino sketch
I started from the basic “ Button ” example , as I wanted the camera to be triggered by a simple Pushbutton . The circuit is the same of the button example . Just download this arduino sketch
you can customise the LED and Button pin if you want
const int buttonPin = 2 ; // pin for the pushbutton const int ledPin = 13 ; // pin for the status led
as well as the path for the photos and the Python script ( important ! this folder must contain the Temboo SDK )
String path = `` /mnt/sda1/ '' ; // path of the images and script file
The setup is pretty simple , we will use the Bridge library to invoke the Python script , and the Serial library for a very basic debugging
void setup ( ) { Bridge.begin ( ) ; // The bridge library is used to run processes on the linux side pinMode ( ledPin , OUTPUT ) ; pinMode ( buttonPin , INPUT ) ; Serial.begin ( 57600 ) ; // Serial port for debugging filename = `` test '' ; }
Then , when the pushbutton is pressed , the script generates a new timestamp based filename running the “ date + % s ” command
if ( buttonState == LOW ) { filename = `` '' ; p.runShellCommand ( `` date + % s '' ) ; //generate a timestamp while ( p.running ( ) ) ; // wait until the command has finished running while ( p.available ( ) > 0 ) { char c = p.read ( ) ; //reads the first available character filename += c ; //and adds it to the filename string } filename.trim ( ) ; //used to avoid trailing spaces or newline characters filename += `` .png '' ; //finally I add the png extension
This part of the code will take the picture and send it to Facebook using the Bridge library
p.runShellCommand ( `` fswebcam `` + path + filename ) ; //let 's take the picture while ( p.running ( ) ) ; //waits till the picture is saved Serial.println ( `` picture taken '' ) ; p.runShellCommand ( `` python `` + path + `` sendphoto.py `` + path + filename ) ; //sends the picture to facebook while ( p.running ( ) ) ; Serial.println ( `` picture sent '' ) ; //last debug message
8 . Put everything together
Ok ! Everything is ready ! Just upload the code to Arduino , push the button and… Smile ! ! You 're on Facebook ! 🙂
I really hope that you enjoyed this tutorial , it opens a lot of possibilities ! Trap cameras , cameras triggered by doors , by sounds or any kind of sensor… I 'd really like to see your projects and share them !
Cheers and happy hacking !
Stefano
It was just a small meeting in a dark boardroom near the waterfront , but it illustrated just how far neighbour relations in Hamilton 's storied North End have fallen .
Local lawyer Herman Turkstra stood at the front of the room , introducing city councillors to his small group of Harbour West Neighbours , or what he called his `` team of experts . '' Bill Curran , a local architect , shouted from the audience and interrupted him .
`` You do n't speak for the community , Herman , '' Curran called before a city councillor intervened . `` You do n't speak for us . ''
Planning is very contentious . You 're not talking about not some abstract thing . It 's where you live . - Rob Fiedler , North End Neighbours
It was a small outburst by city hall standards . But it 's just the latest public example of how the city 's plan to develop Piers 7 and 8 has pitted neighbour against neighbour in Hamilton 's North End .
At issue are the significant impacts the development could have on the neighbourhood —which essentially sits between the waterfront and the rest of the city .
It 's caused some groups to splinter and others to form . It 's resulted in personality clashes , and heated debates , and outbursts at public meetings .
Tension and in-fighting
`` There 's been a lot of tension in the neighbourhood , '' Carmen Cooper , North End Neighbours ( NEN ) co-chair told city councillors on May 5 . `` You hear it . The in-fighting . ''
It 's not `` the Hatfields and the McCoys , '' says Rob Fielder , also a NEN co-chair . But over the years , there 's been tension .
`` On a day-to-day basis , if you ask me what it 's like ( in the North End ) , it 's pretty peaceful , '' he said . `` People are n't at each others throats at all . ''
But `` when people are talking about planning , planning is very contentious . You 're not talking about not some abstract thing . It 's where you live . ''
There 's anxiety for families have lived there for generations . For decades , the neighbourhood has been untouched by wide-scale development .
Now , the new west harbour plan will bring change , noise and traffic , which has some `` not exactly enthused , '' Fiedler said .
Condos , shopping and public spaces
On Tuesday , councillors approved an urban design plan for Piers 7 and 8 . For years , they 've dreamed of turning the land into a new neighbourhood with condos , shopping and public waterfront space .
The plan includes buildings up to eight storeys , including 1,600 housing units and about 13,000 square metres of commercial development on a grid of streets .
In 2000 , the city started work on a plan for how to do that , called the Setting Sail secondary plan . In 2013 , when the Hamilton Port Authority agreed to terminate leases for the pier lands early , the vision moved toward reality .
( City of Hamilton )
But over the years , North End groups have disagreed with the city – and sometimes each other – over how the plan should take shape . There have been smaller points of contention , such as where parking garages will go . One major disagreement was whether to appeal waterfront plans to the Ontario Municipal Board ( OMB ) , something NEN has done twice .
When Setting Sail work started , there was the North End Neighbourhood Association and Turkstra 's Harbour West Neighbours . Around 2006 , Fiedler says , those groups merged to form NEN .
Protecting neighbourhood character
In 2014 , the Harbour West Neighbours resurfaced specifically to deal with the west harbour plan , which the group 's website says `` threaten ( s ) the neighbourhood character . '' The group wants more resident engagement , and says city staff has refused to meet with its members .
Curran , meanwhile , says Turkstra 's group is wasting time and money . He wants the city to get on with the plan , and last year , started the Progressive North End Residents Association .
NEN is largely content with the urban design plan now , but wants to make sure there 's appropriate parking and affordable housing .
This is North End . There are a lot of strong personalities in this neighbourhood and they 're not always on the same page . - Jason Farr , Ward 2 councillor
Jason Farr , Ward 2 councillor , says differences are inevitable when you 're dealing with major change .
`` This is North End , '' he said . `` There are a lot of strong personalities in this neighbourhood and they 're not always on the same page . And that 's fair enough .
`` For the most part , it 's been respectful . Not always , but for the most part . ''
`` When I reference the divisiveness , or difficulties , they were early on , '' he said . `` It 's much better now . ''
​ A northeast view of Pier 8 . ( City of Hamilton )
There needs to be a base understanding that we are going to move forward with this plan . - Chris Phillips , project lead for the city
In the next two months , city council will likely vote to rezone the west harbour lands , says project lead Chris Phillips . Someone could launch another OMB challenge then .
In the fall , city council will vote on a strategy to lure and select the right developers . By 2018 , the land should be shoveled ready .
`` There needs to be a base understanding that we are going to move forward with this plan , '' he said .
`` Does that mean everybody 's happy with the outcome ? No . But I think we 've certainly provided an opportunity for everyone to have input . ''
City council will vote to ratify the urban design study on May 25 .
Ribbit.me Partners With Spendabit As They Launch Marketplace.life
Rate this post
News powered by Bitcoinist.net
Article by Nigel Dollentas
Ribbit.me , the first blockchain based rewards program , is beginning the launch of Marketplace.life . According to the email , sent out to users , Marketplace.life is “ the first-ever p2p marketplace where buyers and sellers earn RibbitRewardes for each transaction and can transact in nearly all fiat and digital currencies ” .
Also Read : Interview with Ribbit.me
Reward programs typically are a hassle for both the consumer as each company has their different one , and companies must pay for the costly upkeep . Through the blockchain , reward programs can be combined into one network , solving both the consumer and merchants problems .
RibbitRewards has all the utility of Bitcoin with the extra advantage of being able to earn them by purchasing any product , using any currency . This is what we call Proof of Shopping . It is akin to earning AirMiles when spending on a credit card , but way more versatile for all parties .
Marketplace.life is free to use , accepts both fiat and digital currencies , and a percentage of RibbitRewards go to buyers , sellers , and to charity . Besides earning RibbitRewards through shopping on the marketplace , miners are still rewarded for supporting the backbone of the blockchain like any other cryptocurrency .
Marketplace.life has undergone rigorous development for about 14 months now . Through our affiliation with Spendabit , we will be kicking off with more than a million products , said Zlatko Bijelic , Ribbit.me COO . Spendabit 's expansive retail network is an ideal access point for Marketplace.life shoppers who want to spend Bitcoin . We are continuously working on new features that will allow the customer to be able to use Marketplace.life as their primary shopping hub .
Ribbit was able to do this through a partnership with Spendabit , a search engine that specializes in finding users items that can be bought with Bitcoins . Spendabit does this by indexing and organizing all things Bitcoin as an attempt to connect Bitcoin-friendly merchants with consumers looking to spend their Bitcoin .
Also Read : Spendabit Interview
Spendabit provides Marketplace.life shoppers access to search through products from some of the largest e-Commerce sites such as Overstock , Newegg , TigerDirect , Rakuten , and many more places that accept Bitcoin as payment .
When I asked Ribbit.me regarding the partnership , Ribbit.me COO responded :
We are extremely excited about the Spendabit partnership . We hope to continue to build our network of partners and individual sellers so that they can benefit from our proprietary RibbitRewards value proposition where every seller and every buyer earns RibbitRewards for each transaction and there are no commissions or seller 's fees — completely free to use — unlike eBay or anyone else out there.This is going to change online shopping for the better and Ribbit.me will be the pioneer in the blockchain-based rewards industry !
Photo Sources : Ribbit.me
For more information : Ribbits Website
How do you feel about the partnership between Ribbit and Spendabit ? Are you excited about the marketplace launch ? Let us know in the comments below !
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and President Trump teamed up Wednesday to blast an NBC News report detailing a supposed rift between them , with the top diplomat adamantly denying that he considered resigning – and the president calling on the network to apologize .
`` The @ NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec . Tillerson and @ VP Pence . It is # FakeNews . They should issue an apology to AMERICA ! '' Trump tweeted after Tillerson rejected key details of the report in a rare response from the State Department .
The NBC News report had said Tillerson considered resigning over the summer amid disagreements with the White House .
“ There 's never been a consideration in my mind , ” Tillerson told reporters , in a previously unscheduled statement .
The report also said Tillerson even called Trump a “ moron ” this summer after a meeting at the Pentagon with members of Trump 's national security team and Cabinet officials . Vice President Pence reportedly got involved at the time to discuss ways to ease tensions .
Tillerson said Wednesday he would not address “ petty ” stuff , but said of the president , “ He loves this country . He puts Americans and America first . He 's smart . ”
NBC News says it is standing by the report .
Trump , en route to Las Vegas to meet with survivors of Sunday 's mass shooting , also hit back earlier Wednesday at the report .
“ NBC news is # FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN . They are a disgrace to good reporting . No wonder their news ratings are way down ! ” Trump tweeted .
When asked by reporters in Las Vegas if he had confidence in the secretary of state , Trump replied : `` I have total confidence in Rex . ''
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders also told reporters on Wednesday that the president `` continues to have confidence '' in Tillerson and that if he did n't , Tillerson would not be in his position .
In his remarks , Tillerson denied that Pence ever had to get involved to convince him to stay .
“ My commitment to the success of our president and our country is as strong as it was the day I accepted his offer to serve as secretary of state . … There is much to be done , and we 're just getting started , '' Tillerson said . “ The vice president has never had to persuade me to remain as secretary of state because I have never considered leaving this post . ”
A source with knowledge of the situation told Fox News that the conversations between Pence and Tillerson were more focused on getting the secretary of state back on the same page as the president , characterizing their interactions more as “ counseling . ”
The source told Fox News that Pence and Trump are fully in lockstep , and that the vice president continuously discusses the expectations of the president with Cabinet officials to ensure the administration is moving forward in the same direction .
CRACKS IN THE CABINET ? TILLERSON , OTHERS SEEN DISTANCING THEMSELVES FROM TRUMP
Separately , Jarrod Agen , the vice president 's director of communications , told Fox News in a statement Wednesday that Pence and Tillerson did not `` ever discuss the prospect of the Secretary 's resignation from the administration . ''
`` Any reporting to the contrary is categorically false , '' Agen said .
The NBC report also had said the vice president questioned the role of U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley . But Agen said , `` Any statements that the Vice President questioned Ambassador Nikki Haley 's value to the Trump Administration is also categorically false . ''
When asked if Tillerson called the president a “ moron , ” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters on Wednesday that he “ did not use that type of language to speak about the president of the United States. ” She said Trump and Tillerson spoke Wednesday , and they “ are all good . ”
Nauert told reporters that the secretary did not `` offer an apology '' because `` one was not needed . ''
Reports of Tillerson having tensions with Trump have been circulating since this summer , around the time of Trump 's somewhat controversial speech to Boy Scouts of America in July , an organization once led by Tillerson .
Tillerson also raised eyebrows in August , following the president 's response to the violent attacks in Charlottesville , Va . In an appearance on “ Fox News Sunday ” in August , host Chris Wallace pointedly asked Tillerson about the president 's values .
“ The president speaks for himself , Chris , ” Tillerson curtly replied .
Asked whether he was “ separating himself ” from the president 's comments , he answered , “ I have spoken . ”
The president has largely been mum on his relationship with Tillerson , and his performance as secretary of state . But over the weekend , he seemed to criticize Tillerson 's approach to North Korea .
“ I told Rex Tillerson , our wonderful Secretary of State , that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man , ” Trump tweeted on Sunday . “ Save your energy Rex , we 'll do what has to be done ! ”
A National Guard veteran John Irish claims that the Department of Veteran Affairs had , at one point , refused to pay for the removal of stitches ; after he had injured his thumb with a power tool . He stated that he was nearly forced to operate on himself after the VA declined to pay his bills .
John Irish mentioned that he had cut his thumb on a table saw . “ I looked down and there was a piece of my finger missing . ”
The injured veteran said that he did n't want to blame the hospital for following the set procedures and denying him service . However , he did indeed hold the VA responsible , claiming that it has a rather broken system .
After he received the initial care for the accident , Irish claimed that he encountered the problem on his return to Lahey Medical Center in Burlington , for an appointment to have the stitches removed .
“ They handed me a slip of paper saying , ‘ We are going to have you sign this , because the VA says they 're not going to pay the bill , ' ” he recalled .
Irish receives medical assistance through the Veterans Choice Program , which allows veterans to access private care when a VA facility is too far away or has a long wait time , in order to get an appointment . Irish said that he has faced incidents like this in the past as well .
He stressed that it is “ totally disgusting ” that veterans are forced to “ threaten , beg , or borrow to get medical treatment . ”
“ Realistically , we get the worst medical treatment in the world , ” Irish said .
“ I thought it was about time the VA of New England got exposed for what it 's doing on this Choice program , ” he told a local news outlet .
The Lahey Medical Center 's records indicate that the hospital had received a phone call from Manchester VA Medical Center . It was during this call that Irish 's sutures procedure was discussed and an appointment was step-up .
However , a VA spokesperson argued : “ A review of our records show there was no prior contact or authorization regarding Mr. Irish. ” She said that “ no care or payment had been denied . ”
Denying all of Irish 's claims , the Lahey Medical Center stated , “ Lahey Health is committed to providing high quality health care to all of our patients , including veterans , ” the hospital said in a statement . “ We recognize that navigating federal health care programs can be complicated . Any veteran having difficulty accessing care from a Lahey Health physician should contact us directly . ”
While talking to Kotaku about DC 's moves into new forms of digital comic storytelling , DC co-publisher Jim Lee was also asked about the current state of creator and editorial relations , something 's that 's been a popular topic on Bleeding Cool recently .
Evan : A lot of readers who were on board with the re-launch feel some of the energy has waned from when the New 52 reboot happened . I personally feel as a reader like a lot of the creative direction is coming from the top down and not more organically from creators themselves . They 'll get a head of steam but then an event is scheduled and stuff gets derailed . Can you talk about that a little bit ?
Jim : I can talk a little bit of the perception of that . I would say it 's not necessarily reflective of a reality in that we 're not going to go out and publicly state what 's happening behind the scenes . To me all the coolest products I have done commercially and critically are all products that were collaborations between editors and creators . That 's ultimately how the best stories are produced .
The company has to reserve the right to want to take character in fresh bold directions and I think creators need to reserve the right to tell the stories they want to tell and it 's all about the interplay between that . I 'll tell you some of the most successful comic book runs were instances where there was tension between the creative groups .
It does n't always have to be everyone is singing and dancing in step down the yellow brick road . There 's cool things that happen when you pair people unlikely creators together in teams when you have editorial teams challenging the creative teams and vice versa . I would say it 's a little overblown and I ca n't really speak to what 's really happening behind the scenes . But I would say that 's one take on it .
Google may soon be hit with a record fine by the European Commission , as it seeks to punish Google and discourage other tech giants from taking advantage of their dominant market position . The Telegraph reports that the commission is currently planning to issue a 3 billion euro fine ( about $ 3.39 billion USD ) after finding that Google abused its search monopoly . Its highest fine to date is 1.1 billion euros , in 2009 .
The specific issue at hand is that Google is said to have illegally promoted its own shopping results over those of competitors . Google has denied wrongdoing , and The Telegraph points out that it could choose to fight the fine . Intel did just that , delaying the fine until a final decision was made in 2014 .
Google would be required to change its search practices
The fine could be issued within weeks , reports The Telegraph . It 's possible the total will change , but the commission has significant leeway here : it 's allowed to fine Google up to a tenth of its annual sales , allowing for a maximum fine of 3.3 billion euros . The fine would follow a seven-year investigation into Google 's search practices .
In addition to the fine , Google would have to change its search practices to be in line with European law . The Telegraph says that Google will be banned from favoring its own services over those of competitors — this would seemingly impact all product categories , not just shopping .
Separately , European Union regulators have also begun targeting Android , filing charges last month that Google was harming competitors by mandating certain apps come preinstalled on its phones . The EU is clearly very concerned with Google 's expansive size , and by the sound of things , it 's about to kick off a major fight .
Verge Video : How Google 's DeepMind mastered the game `` Go ''
Fitting to Noise or Nothing At All : Machine Learning in Markets
Fitting to Noise or Nothing At All
Machine Learning in Markets
Derp Learning
Academic finance literature naively applying machine learning ( ML ) and artificial neural network ( ANN ) techniques to market price prediction is a dumb farce . While this probably wo n't surprise anyone who has done a paper replication in the past 6+ years , despite all of the advancements in algorithms and hardware , and despite all of the new domains ANN 's have conquered , financial academics still insist on throwing feces at the wall . In fact , their simian proclivities might be getting worse .
A typical situation goes something like this :
“ We noticed [ some machine learning technique ] has had success in [ something unrelated to finance ] . So we take [ a small/arbitrary set of securities ] over [ a small/arbitrary window of time ] and apply a [ random , obnoxiously large , or empirically unjustified feature space ] to said technique to predict price movements of said securities . We show that under [ our ad hoc and unreasonable assumptions ] said technique can sometimes predict price movements . Publish us please . ”
Those familiar with the replication crisis and The Garden of Forking Paths should immediately spot the numerous potential “ researcher degrees of freedom ” that inevitably prove these results not robust . Indeed , all it takes in order to break most of these papers is adding a few similarly behaved securities or applying the methodology just a few months before or after the paper 's sample period . But these type of failures have been covered in literature , so for that see Noah 's review of the spurious and the fleeting .
Instead , for this post I 'd like to focus on one example where I 'll fire off all the things that make papers like this hopelessly fucked before they even begin .
The Setup
In “ Classification-based Financial Markets Prediction using Deep Neural Networks “ , the authors ( Matthew Dixon , Diego Klabjan , and Jin Hoon Bang ) attempt to use deep neural networks to predict short term price movement over a basket of securities traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange . However , rather than display prediction accuracy or strategy viability , this paper serves as a warning for what happens when deficiencies in domain knowledge coincide with poor measurement and unreasonable assumptions .
It starts with a familiar-sounding abstract :
Deep neural networks ( DNNs ) are powerful types of artificial neural networks ( ANNs ) that use several hidden layers . They have recently gained considerable attention in the speech transcription and image recognition community ( Krizhevsky et al. , 2012 ) for their superior predictive properties including robustness to overfitting . However their application to algorithmic trading has not been previously researched , partly because of their computational complexity . This paper describes the application of DNNs to predicting financial market movement directions . In particular we describe the configuration and training approach and then demonstrate their application to backtesting a simple trading strategy over 43 different Commodity and FX future mid-prices at 5-minute intervals .
Quick summary of the paper :
Data period from March 31 , 1991 to September 30 , 2014 ( but only using most recent 15 years )
Trains 9,895 features on 25,000 observations , predicts on next 12,500 observations , then rolls forward and incremented by 1,000
Feature space uses lagged returns , moving averages , and correlations between instruments .
Predicts -1 , 0 , or +1 for 5-minute periods , corresponding to whether the mid-price will go down , remain unchanged , or go up .
Compares prediction accuracy to “ white noise ” with equal chances of each class .
Creates ad hoc “ trading strategy ” with all executions taking place instantly at mid-point , no cost .
Claims average prediction accuracy of 42 % and annualized Sharpe Ratios of 3.29
The claims about accuracy and high Sharpe Ratios do n't withstand any amount of scrutiny . Further , there 's even reason to doubt that the data the authors use is appropriate for the intended application .
Of Noise And Nothing
One of the most immediately suspicious figures in the paper is Table 1 :
The classification accuracy for Copper shown in this table is merely the highest value out of ten . However , Figure 2 in the paper shows that the median accuracy for Copper is ~33 % , or no better than guessing if all three outcomes were equally likely .
Perhaps most importantly , the other four instruments do n't actually trade . Take the “ Transco Zone 6 Natural Gas ( Platts Gas Daily ) Swing ” for example . According to the CME 's website , not a single person is holding a contract for that symbol :
Congratulations on being able to predict something that does n't move . I 'll leave it as an exercise for the reader to decide which is better to be proud of : noise or nothing ?
Wrong Metrics
Throughout the paper , Dixon et al . compare their classification accuracies to what would be expected if each of the three conditions had an equal probability of occurring . The above example , while extreme , highlights a scenario that the authors overlook : if an instrument rarely trades , you can get far greater accuracy than 33 % by picking “ no change ” for every period . And more generally , even if an instrument trades a lot , if it 's trending in one direction for the majority of the data set , you can still beat “ random ” by picking a constant model .
This is one reason why investment and trading strategies are often compared to “ buy and hold ” ( constant model ) rather than a random model . In order for the authors to argue that their DNN model adds value , they need to compare each instrument to more than just white noise .
Strategy Backtesting
The authors then try to “ demonstrate the application ” of their DNN by backtesting a trading strategy based on its -1,0 , +1 predictors . Let 's ignore the fact that they only focus the top 5 performing instruments and skip over the massive losses in other instruments .
Instead let 's focus on a few of the assumptions :
Transaction costs are ignored
No slippage : the order always gets filled immediately at the mid-price of the current 5-min bar
They justify using these assumptions by saying ( emphasis mine ) :
These assumptions , especially those concerning trade execution and absence of live simulation in the backtesting environment are of course inadequate to demonstrate alpha generation capabilities of the DNN based strategy but serve as a starting point for commercial application of this research .
This is backwards . The correct starting point is that you 're either lifting the other side of the order book , or the price has traded through your passive order . A few pages later shows exactly why :
It 's not a coincidence that from top to bottom is also roughly the order of least liquid to most liquid . By allowing yourself to instantly trade at midpoints in illiquid instruments , you 're giving yourself free edge that does n't exist in reality . Without midpoint trading , none of those strategies would make money .
Yet another potential source of error and concern comes from the data itself . The paper mentions that a window of 25,000 5-minute observation periods corresponds to approximately 260 days . This implies that they 're using 8-hour trading days . But which 8 hours and why ? Regular hours on the NYSE have been from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM EST since 1985 . The CME 's electronic market ( Globex ) has been active 20+ hours a day since the early 90s , but it was n't made “ open access ” until 2000 . Moreover , up until 2004 the majority of the volume was still done in the trading pits , which even then were not open for 8 hours a day .
Do the midpoints used in the data set include the trading pits ? Or did it start that way and then switch ?
Given the major market structure changes covered in this data , there 's a strong scent of arbitrariness here .
After receiving some thoughtful emails and comments , I want to add just a few more words to this section . I understand that academic researchers often face considerable limitations with respect to market data , and I do n't criticize the authors ' use of old or low resolution data . The problem is that it 's neither clear what data they actually used nor why they chose to use it .
This is the paper 's entire description of the data selection and preparation methodology :
Our historical dataset contains 5 minute mid-prices for 43 CME listed commodity and FX futures from March 31st 1991 to September 30th , 2014 . We use the most recent fifteen years of data because the previous period is less liquid for some of the symbols , resulting in long sections of 5 minute candles with no price movement . Each feature is normalized by subtracting the mean and dividing by the standard deviation . The training set consists of 25,000 consecutive observations and the test set consists of the next 12,500 observations . As described in Section 6 , these sets are rolled forward ten times from the start of the liquid observation period , in 1000 observation period increments , until the final 37,500 observations from March 31st , 2005 until the end of the dataset .
Here “ 5 minute mid-prices ” is ambiguous . At a given instance in time , the mid-price is typically understood to be half-way between the highest bid and lowest offer — although another popular measure weights the point by the relative volumes of the bid and offer . When we talk about mid-prices over a period of time this becomes less clear . 5 minute mid-prices could mean an instantaneous snapshot every 5 minutes . It could mean something like the average mid-price weighted by time or some sort of volume over those minutes . But then the authors mention “ 5 minute candles ” which are based on traded prices , so it could also be the mid-price of the candles . With no given definition nor reference to a standard nor a data vendor whose data methodology can be looked up , it would be impossible for someone to attempt their own experiment based on the methods in this paper and is thus not useful to anyone including other academic researchers .
And for clarity : when I previously discussed the authors ' peculiar choice of trading session duration , I mentioned a bunch of stuff without stating its biggest implication ( though it 's kinda sorta there ) . Because futures trade over 20 hours a day , and because the paper 's chosen time frame does n't explicitly or obviously match to any particular trading pit hours , this means the authors had data for more than 8 hours a day and chose not to use it . They had no problem mentioning that they threw out the first 8 years of data , so I 'm not sure why they did n't think to mention that they were also throwing out data every single day during the relevant analysis period . Regardless , this is very very bad . How did no one catch this ?
Stop Flinging Poo
The willingness to feature-stuff NN 's with any random unstructured caca is never too far behind the latest techniques that make it harder to overfit . The Dixon et al . model trains 9,895 features on just 25,000 samples . My personal opinion is that 's absurd . I do n't think a specified model is going to appear out of a septic tank of lagged returns and moving averages . Impose some structure .
___
Climate Change Is Increasing Stress on Oceans
Climate change is seriously stressing out the oceans .
That 's the conclusion of a new study that used measurements of an array of human pressures on the ocean — from acidification to overfishing — to make a map of where those factors combined into stressed-out hotspots , as well as how the combinations of stressors had changed over time . They found that two-thirds of the world 's oceans were seeing increased pressure and that climate change accounted for most of those increases .
A coral reef at Shark Island in the French Frigate Shoals , part of the Hawaiian Islands National Wildlife Refuge and the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument .
Credit : Lindsey Kramer/ USFWS
While the mapping effort does n't give a complete view and or address how the stressors are actually impacting various ecosystems , scientists not involved with the work said it is an important step in understanding the plight of the oceans and could inform policy decisions , showing where mitigation efforts are having a real impact .
Hotspots and ‘ Hopespots '
“ No part of the global ocean is without human influence , ” the authors of the study , detailed in the journal Nature Communications , wrote . That influence comes from direct human impacts , such as trawling and fertilizer washed into the ocean , or more indirect ways , like the increased temperatures and carbon dioxide of the ocean that are a result of human emissions of greenhouse gases . Some 97 percent of the oceans are impacted by more than one of these issues .
Benjamin Halpern , of the University of California , Santa Barbara , and his team took data of a wide range of these factors , 19 in all , from satellites , computer models and fishery catch reports . They then combined them , yielding a map that showed where stressors were relatively high and low . They also compared the data from 2008 and 2013 to show where such pressures were high and going up and where they were low and abating — what Halpern calls hotspots and “ hopespots . ”
The team found that 66 percent of the oceans showed an increase in human stressors over the five-year period . Coastal regions , tropical and subtropical waters were particular areas that saw more impacts . About 5 percent of the oceans was heavily impacted and getting worse , including the North and East China seas , while 10 percent had low impact and was improving , such as the central Pacific .
“ Not everywhere is going down the drain , ” Halpern said . It “ gives you hope that we can turn things around . ”
The study found that climate change impacts were driving most of the increases in stress , which Halpern says shows how important it is to address climate change . But there is inherent inertia in the climate system — we 'll feel the impacts of today 's emissions for decades to come — so the map shows what other stressors can be addressed , and where , to see more immediate improvements .
Incomplete Story
Scott Doney , who studies acidification and nutrient loading at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts and was not part of the study , said that while such work is important particularly for communicating with those outside the scientific community , “ it 's not the complete story. ” The study only looks at stressors , but not at what the actual impacts to particular ecosystems or species are .
A map showing where ocean stress from human activities is high or low and increasing or decreasing .
Click image to enlarge . Credit : Halpern et al./Nature Communications
“ This is a first cut , you need to then dig down ” to see impact on particular resources , Doney said .
Ken Caldeira , of Stanford University , made similar comments . “ Any attempt to combine multiple stressors is going to be plagued by the issue of how to weight one stressor relative to another . The relative importance of different stressors will vary from species to species as well as from ecosystem to ecosystem , ” he wrote in an email . Caldeira was also not involved in the study .
The climate information in particular is tricky to work with in such snapshot comparisons because it can fall prey to the ups and downs of natural year-to-year variability , Doney said . He gave the example of the low impacts on the map off the U.S. West Coast , which he said is probably because of relatively low temperatures in that area in 2013 , versus the scorching heat in the same area now .
But despite these limitations , such studies are “ extremely valuable , ” Caldeira said . “ It is clear that we need to be taking better care of marine ecosystems by improving fishing practices and decreasing coastal pollution . And , of course , we need to stop using the sea and sky as waste dumps for our carbon dioxide pollution . ”
You May Also Like :
States Cut Power Plant Emissions Ahead of New EPA Rule
Warming Waters Fueled Intense Russian Rainstorm
Study : Warming Leads to Longer Flights , More Emissions
Warming Doubles Chances of European Heat Wave
Betrayal at Baldur 's Gate , the spiritual successor to the classic Avalon Hill horror game Betrayal at House on the Hill , will arrive just in time for Halloween . Wizards of the Coast was kind enough to provide Polygon with an early look at the game , and we 're excited to get it on the table .
True to the format of the original , Betrayal at Baldur 's Gate begins as a cooperative game . Three to six adventurers will take their time exploring the city of Baldur 's Gate by connecting locations from a random set of tiles . Then , around halfway through the game , one member of the party will become the traitor and the turn — called a haunt — will be revealed . From there on out , it 's a competitive game with one super-powered player trying to destroy the others .
Betrayal at Baldur 's Gate comes with 50 different haunts , each of them with its own ruleset and victory conditions for both sides . That 's a lot of content for one $ 50 board game . Here 's a sneak preview of some of the cards in the box .
This is n't the first time that Avalon Hill has iterated on the classic Betrayal formula . Last year they released Widow 's Walk , an expansion to the original Betrayal at House on the Hill with 50 new haunts , along with a new floor of the house to explore . The haunts were crafted by a laundry list of guest designers , including Adventure Time creator Pendleton Ward ; Cards Against Humanity 's Max Temkin and Eli Halpern ; Depression Quest designer and Crash Override Network co-founder Zoë Quinn ; tabletop veterans Rob Daviau , Chris Dupuis , and Keith Baker ; and Feminist Frequency 's Anita Sarkeesian .
From what we 've seen , Betrayal at Baldur 's Gate is a must-play for fans of Dungeons & Dragons . More so than any previous tabletop spin-off of the famous role-playing franchise , the game is absolutely dripping with in-jokes and famous ephemera . We 'll have a full review next month .
18.07.2014 WHAT THE fUK ?
According to Reuters , in the autumn of 2014 , the Scottish will hold a vote on independence , which could herald the break-up of Britain . The vote is timed to be on the 700th anniversary of Bannockburn a famous victory of the independent Scots against the invading English .
If the vote for independence is successful , we will no longer be a United Kingdom - since the two kingdoms - Scotland and England are both kingdoms - will be disunited . The worst aspect of this is that we can no longer legally be known as the United Kingdom , so if there is no immediate back-up idea , just like the Former Yugoslavia , we will become the Former United Kingdom . Or fUK .
Whilst you are absorbing that ...
The flag of the UK , created in 1707 , to symbolise the `` United Kingdom of Great Britain '' will have to go .
The Union Jack , as the flag is colloquially known , is an amalgam of the flags of England , Scotland and Northern Ireland . In the sequence we show here : Scotland 's saltire of St Andrew , England 's cross of St George , and Northern Ireland 's saltire of St Patrick . Wales ... simply does n't exist . The two saltires have been made thinner so they do n't cancel one another out , hence all that geometric complexity .
Although David Cameron calls the UK `` countries within a country '' the countries are not equal . England is a kingdom , Wales is a Principality , with Prince Charles as its Prince , and Northern Ireland is described variously as a `` province '' and a `` territory '' . Somehow Wales fails to appear in any form on the flag , Ireland gets thinned out , and Scotland trumped by the big red cross of St George . Back in 1707 , the other kingdom , Scotland was profoundly unhappy , and produced their own design with the white saltire dominant , which they cleverly wanted to use north of the border .
This issue of dominance is an old issue , it 's interesting to look at the sketches of the Earl of Nottingham , four hundred year old design ideas , trying to reconcile two crosses ( always with the red dominant ) , dating as early as 1604 , a hundred years before the Union Jack , when James I first wanted to unite Scotland and England .
There is another interesting effort of amalgamation , dating from 1653 , when Britain had no King . Much like France , which needed a new flag when it rid itself of King Louis XVI in 1793 , Oliver Cromwell wanted the Commonwealth to have a new start . ( That wonderful word Commonwealth , with its prototypical egalitarian implications , dates from this time . ) The lion in the centre is Oliver Cromwell 's own coat of arms ... he went on to act almost as a king , even being succeeded his son Richard Cromwell , who by all accounts was not what his father was , and fell from power , being known ever after as `` Tumble-down Dick '' .
At last the point of this post : a piece of thinking about what the design of the new flag replacing the Union Jack could be .
We are n't the first . There is some background and some ideas on The Guardian site . And if your interest is really peeked , googling will reveal more . ( But I doubt anyone has been as thorough as us . )
Before we begin , as is my want , a diversion .
If it seems ambitious to think about the flag for , using David Cameron 's surprisingly clever phrase , `` countries within a country '' - that is nothing compared to designing a flag for the whole world !
This is the task that the magazine Adbusters set a few years ago . 2008 I think ? You can read about the competition here . I have an ambivalent attitude to Adbusters , I find it paradoxical to be anti branding and anti commercial whilst building a brand and making money ... But I love challenges , and wanted to think about a flag to represent the entire world . One thing I found very strange , especially for an anti-establishment we know better right-on crew , was that every single one of the seven judges for this new emblem for the whole of humanity was male , and white .
About as establishment ( and by that we mean racist and misogynistic , do n't we ? ) as it is possible to be . Even Vogue would have noticed how skewed and unrepresentative that was . I was n't the only one to notice , and Adbusters reshuffled the jury to include some members of inferior ethnicities and sexes . Anyway . My two flag designs are below . ( You can google the winner that the Not All White Not All Male Jury chose here , but good luck , I could n't find it , any link I followed to Adbusters met with `` access denied '' . It was sky I think . Clever . )
Citizens of the World
Sharing One World
We have , in reverse order of popularity here in the studio , five potential designs for the fUK .
Design one : Three countries in one
The simplest - and least imaginative - solution to Scotland disuniting , is simply to lift the saltire of St Andrew out of the flag . So just two red crosses . Quite nice . But wait , where is Wales ? Where was Wales in the Union Jack ? Why did n't they have an alternative version of the Union Jack that they presented to Queen Anne in 1707 ?
Our first design uses the cross of St George , and adds emblems from the flags of Northern Ireland and Wales . ( The Red Hand of Ulster [ dates back into the mists of time ] and the Red Dragon of Wales [ dates back to at least 800AD ] . ) The great advantage of this flag is that for the first time , it represents the actual number of countries . Three . Wales gets a showing .
Three countries within a country
Design two : Joining Napoleon 's Europe
As he conquered countries , Napoleon replaced their `` old '' flags with the new tricolore . Belgium , the Netherlands , Italy ... I imagine he had a plan to reflag all of Europe . Several countries in Europe have subsequently adopted a tricolore .
Napoleon did n't design the tricolore , though . He just brought it unequivocal prominence as France 's only flag . Who did design it is vague .
Somehow a whole crop of countries have gone for the horizontal tricolore . Starting with the Netherlands . Perhaps its a Protestant or Teutonic thing . ( And those countries under Teutonic influence . ) Loving the modernity , the simplicity , but not wanting to pay any acknowledgement to Catholic France .
For the purposes of our messianic redesign project , we have brought these horizontal deviants into the vertical fold .
So , proposal two is : do what works . We have the logical internationally agreed units of measurement , the metre , the kilogram , we comply in all significant areas with shipping and flight paths , currency valuations , contract terminology , interlocking legal codes , lets add one more area of interconnectedness : our flag .
There is also the neatness that the tricolore is three bands of colour , one for each of the fUK 's three countries .
Three countries , three colours : red for England , green for Wales , red for Northern Ireland
Design three : Three lions
The three lions has been an emblem for England for a thousand years . It began in France . ( Do n't tell the Daily Mail . ) In the deep middle ages , a set of lions was the heraldic symbol for the Counts of Anjou - the numbers of lions varied , sometimes four , sometimes six , probably according to what they were displayed on , more space , more lions . Here is an image of Geoffrey Plantagenet , who married King Henry of England 's daughter , Matilda . Through convolutions too lengthy to ever remember , his son became Henry II , King of England and the Plantagenet family with their crest of lions came to rule England ( and Wales ) and some of the time Scotland for three hundred years .
It is already used as the `` royal banner of England '' .
Our proposal is the the flag come to represent the fUK . The Irish and Welsh are ( presumably ) happy to be known as the British Lions when it comes to rugby - the Lions is the team with players from each of the countries within Great Britain . Could they be happy to be one of the metaphorical lions on a new flag ? We think this solution particularly suits British pugnacity - our willingness to fight with anyone , anywhere . Drunk or sober .
Design four : The white cliffs of Dover
The white cliffs of Dover were used in their campaign for the recent European elections by the maverick political party UKIP , as a symbol of all that is most precious to our `` country '' .
( There are exactly matching white cliffs of Normandy too . No one plonked in front of them could tell them apart , they are made of the same chalk . )
Our fourth design is a flag based on the white cliffs - the bit of Britain that faces out towards the 'rest of the world ' .
This version was chosen by the designer here in the studio who drew it , Kevin , who is French , because it looks like Britain seen from France .
Design five : Rose Rising
More history .
A word on flags , countries , and history . I think you ignore history at your peril . People need to feel that their flag represents something communal that they can ( literally ) look up to . Something that represents an essence of the history and relationships that they share with their fellow countrymen , something that can be shared even with their ancestors . Something that has been dug out of the shared nationality like the most concentrated diamond .
Not something that has just sprung from an artist 's or designer 's capricious imagination , and can only be understood in terms of that individual . Flags are about what is common . In the wonderful word of Oliver Cromwell 's era : the Commonwealth .
Even a very modern flag design like the tricolore , which is so reductive and timeless it is simply three colours , is explained with reference to what the colours represent , deep strains of French culture .
So .
If the Tudor Rose is unfamiliar to you , read here . Its been a potent symbol of Britain for five hundred years . Long enough for its association with one particular family to be forgotten . What most people fail to realise is that it is actually two roses combined , a white fused with a red . It is a symbol of unity . Of two opposing sides , being at peace and united .
We love the fact that the symbol seems to cover so many aspects of the fUK .
It represents :
- unity : people of opposing views happily living alongside one another
- the fruitfulness of the British Isles : the verdance , the countryside , the gardens
- did we mention gardens : Britain 's favourite activity
- the meandering , wiggly , organic paths that human lives and human interaction takes
- growth
- different petals , but one shared heart
- the cycle of life : constant renewal
We think this says so much more than something so reductive like the tricolore , which can only be about the association of colours . ( Kevin agrees . ) With the rose we get colours , and we get symbolism that works for the past , and the future . Whether it is rendered with more drawing and more detail , or flat and graphically , we are n't sure . Beautiful , memorable , unique in the world of flags .
It makes us feel slightly better about living in the fUK .
Quentin Newark
et Kevin Denoual
So , in a recent editorial , the FT 's Great Thinker , Martin Wolf , has been fretting that we are about to undergo a period of what he calls ‘ financial repression ' as insolvent governments take ever more draconian measures in the vain attempt to forestall the inexorable workings of economic law .
Funny how this never seems to have occurred to him and his fellow nomenklatura when they were all deriding us Austrians in 2007/8 for arguing that the best means of resolving the banking crisis was simply to adhere to an austere policy minimalism which would offer only the most unavoidably last-ditch safeguards to the innocent bystanders , while otherwise insisting on the rigorous and universal application of accounting standards . Then , we said , we should insist upon an unflinching economic triage , pursued through the bankruptcy courts , for all those who could not pass the inspection . For our temerity , Mr. Wolf and his ilk flung the tired old ad hominem of ‘ Liquidationists ' at us , while trotting out the Golden Calf of Keynes and invoking all the other Philosopher King rhetoric about how the beneficent state could effect a rescue from the ‘ market ' failure ( actually , an oft-repeated implosion of unbridled financial corporatism ) which would otherwise engulf us all .
But , pass on a few years and now that the respectable establishment pairing of Reinhart and Rogoff have published a quasi-empirical compendium of the many historical precursors of which most modern , pseudo-scientist , New Keynesian , DSGE modellers are so lamentably ignorant , we find that Mr. Wolf is beginning to despair of Leviathan 's ability to compensate for the widespread malfeasance in which it was itself necessarily complicit all along .
So it is that we have passed from throwing a rather notional dollop of ‘ taxpayers ' money ' at the banks – originally only theirs to the extent that the copious central bank creation of that money as the core of the crisis response was potentially diminishing the worth of the stock of it already in said taxpayers ' possession – to lifting money directly from their pockets , whether by taxing them more heavily or denying them their accustomed easy access to an over lavish public trough . In the meanwhile , however , the problems have only grown larger – the debt mountains higher , the political entanglements more Gordian , the perverse incentives more corrosive – than they were back when Lehman was thrown to the wolves by way of misdirection from the conjurer 's trick of using AIG as a conduit to make most of Dick Fuld 's more politically adept competitors whole again .
So now , with typical Collectivist inconsistency , the fear seems to be that the banks will have the constituents of their balance sheets dictated ; that pension funds will be made first to serve the state , and only afterwards their subscribers ; that ‘ interest rate ceilings will be imposed ' ; and that the free movement of capital will be hemmed about .
Forgive the cynicism , but is n't this shopping list exactly what , not too long ago , the interventionist pundits and ‘ Kathedersozialisten ' were , to a man , proffering as the solution to , not the source of , all our woes ?
Thus the decline of the market order ( in truth a process which occurs when those quintessentially non-market giants , the state-cosseted , fractional reserve banks , are increasing their unbacked , forced-currency lending , not when they are restricting it ) leads , with a grim inevitability , to the defeat of the Versorgungstaat which had presumed to supplant it . Nothing daunted , the governing elite predictably refuses to learn from this reversal or rein in its rapacious political ambitions , but crosses more fully over from the illusory compromise of the ‘ Third Way ' into ever more totalitarian behaviour . Though the transition to the Zwangswirtschaft may initially take the form of relatively trivial irritants such as banning ‘ naked ' short-selling , it is soon being reinforced with more sinister , Big Brother measures such as imposing restrictions on the amount of the state 's own legal tender deemed acceptable in ostensibly private transactions . From thence it is but a small step to imposing foreign exchange restrictions , capital exit levies , and enacting all manner of other revocations of basic human freedoms as Roepke long ago made plain .
Such a ‘ Vampire Economy ' – regardless of the false distinction of whether the overseers consider themselves as belonging to the Right or the Left – always has for its motto : Gemeinnutz geht vor Eigennutz . By comparison , a liberal dose of ‘ liquidationism ' might seem a relatively mild restorative , eh , Mr Wolf ?
The cost for Obamacare 's supposedly “ Affordable ” health coverage under Covered California will leap by 13.2 percent in 2017 .
Breitbart News reported last month that Sacramento Democrats voted as a legislative bloc to approve a bill permitting up to 390,000 illegal aliens to buy Covered California health insurance . The action was taken despite warnings that it would be a financial disaster for the “ Covered California ” exchange , since very sick foreigners will figure out they can buy full Covered California coverage without a required physical exam .
The legislature had already passed a law that expanded Covered California to permit 170,000 undocumented children to be eligible for Obamacare subsidies as of May 1 . Although the state claimed the expense would only be $ 132 million per year , analysts warned that cost would be multiples more , since only the very sick will enroll .
The 13.2 percent average hike for Covered California this year comes after Sacramento Democrats had been claiming that the 4 percent hike in 2016 and 4.2 percent in 2015 in California had proved that Obamacare 's nationalization of 17 percent of the U.S. economy was the best way to keep medical costs affordable .
Trying to deflect the impact from possible Democratic political motives in shoehorning over a half a million illegal aliens into Covered California coverage just before the November elections , Covered California officials blamed the year 's premium increases , which will hit 1.4 million enrollees , on the irresponsible actions of the state 's two biggest insurers .
But both Anthem , whose premiums jumped by over 16 percent , and Blue Shield of California , whose premiums leapt by more than 19 percent , blame the premium increases on the rising costs of medical care and the extraordinarily high use of expensive specialty drugs . This is insurance-speak for the factual statement that the pool of Covered California enrollees is increasingly impacted by sicker patients signing up .
For the average 40-year-old single participant earning $ 17,820 to $ 23,760-per-year , who chooses the mid-range Blue Shield “ silver plan , ” the current monthly premium payment is $ 122 and government pays a $ 196 subsidy . But next year , the same individual 's monthly payment will jump 39 % , to $ 170 , while government 's cost will also rise by 7.5 % , to $ 211 a month .
Covered California bureaucrats claim a rate of increase of only 13.2 percent is proof that government exchanges are working to keep rates down . Peter Lee , executive director of Covered California , proudly told the Los Angeles Times , “ California has a very competitive marketplace . ”
Perhaps Covered California is a relative success , given that 13 of Obamacare 's 23 state-sponsored CO-OP health plans have gone bankrupt in the last two years . As a result , 740,000 former members have had to scramble to find new coverage .
A Wall Street Journal survey revealed that health insurance companies lost as much as 11 percent last year on the health plans they offered through government exchanges . As a result , UnitedHealth , Humana and Blue Cross have dropped coverage in many states , and are raising prices by double digits in the states they continue to cover .
To prevent Obamacare collapsing , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , wants Americans aged 55 to 64 to be able to buy into a “ Medicare for All ” policy . But critics warn the move would just transfer Obamacare 's massive losses , and undermine Medicare 's solvency .
Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has argued the health law should be repealed and replaced with private sector insurance plans that are allowed to be offered across state lines .
With the 2017 enrollment period for Covered California and other Obamacare exchanges beginning the week before Election Day , American voters are about to hear a lot about the higher Obamacare premiums .
In September 2015 , alt-rock godfathers R.E.M . blasted GOP candidate Donald Trump for using their 1987 hit `` It 's the End of the World as We Know It ( And I Feel Fine ) '' during a rally .
SEE ALSO : Donald Trump feels the gentle wrath of Death Cab for Cutie in new protest single
Now , weeks out from Election Day , the band has joined up with Death Cab For Cutie , Aimee Mann , Jim James ( of My Morning Jacket ) and a slew of others for `` 30 Days , 30 Songs . ''
The project will unveil a new or previously unreleased song by one of the participating bands each day for the remaining 30 days through Election Day to `` provide both motivation and soundtrack to doing the right thing these last few weeks before this most pivotal election . ''
The first song for the project is Death Cab For Cutie 's `` A Million Dollar Loan , '' which Mashable wrote about on Monday .
Lest there 's any doubt as to who the project supports in the election , the group says on the website , `` As artists , we are united in our desire to speak out against the ignorant , divisive , and hateful campaign of Donald Trump . ''
On Tuesday , a new song by Aimee Mann , `` Ca n't You Tell ? '' was shared as the project 's second entry .
In a post about the song , Mann said the song is written from Donald Trump 's perspective and takes the angle that maybe this whole surreal campaign was basically `` a runaway train . ''
Said Mann , `` my own feeling was that it was n't really the job itself he wanted , but the thrill of running and winning , and that maybe it had all gotten out of hand and was a runaway train that he could n't stop . ''
I have a new song on @ 30days30songs ! Listen here : https : //t.co/VoVnoYRDOK If you have n't already , register to vote ! https : //t.co/izwgb8QiPo — Aimee Mann ( @ aimeemann ) October 11 , 2016
The project is an independent endeavor that features bestselling author Dave Eggers and Jordan Kurland , founder of Zeitgeist Artist Management ( Death Cab , The New Pornographers ) , among its leaders . The group also ran `` 90 Days , 90 Reasons , '' a similar effort that backed Barack Obama 's re-election effort in 2012 .
Mashable has reached out to the organizers for more information and for a list of future artists .
Speaking to Paste Magazine , Eggers said he was inspired by seeing songs of artists that opposed Trump played before his rallies : `` t occurred to me that this election would benefit from the timely resurrection of the political protest song . ''
Every song will also be added to the project 's Spotify playlist , in case you want to listen to every song in one place .
The project is reminiscent of the 2004 Vote For Change effort — which included the aforementioned R.E.M. , plus Bruce Springsteen , the Dixie Chicks , and Pearl Jam — that supported John Kerry in his bid to unseat then-incumbent president George W. Bush .
Proceeds from `` 30 Days , 30 Songs '' will be donated to The Center for Popular Democracy .
Here 's one more reason to attend B.A.P 's upcoming world tour . The boys will be performing songs off their upcoming 5th mini-album for the first time there ! So yes , that means the lucky B.A.P fans who get to go to their concert will hear their new songs before anyone else does , before their album even comes out .
TS Entertainment announced that at ' B.A.P LIVE ON EARTH 2016 WORLD TOUR ' , the members will perform their upcoming title track and other songs off their upcoming album . Not only that , but there will of course be stages of their hit songs and solo performances .
And of course you already know that B.A.P will be heading to a whopping 15 different countries for this tour.�
Tickets go on sale January 20 on�Interpark�first for those registered in their fanclub , and then for everyone else .
With all due respect to the SEC West , the East has it going on this year .
I said before the season that the West had the muscle , but the East would be more fun to watch .
Well , after four weeks , it looks like the East does n't just have a more exciting race on its hands but the Big Three now reside on that side of the conference .
Now , before my Twitter feed gets spammed and I have to go into hiding in some bunker located in or around the city of Atlanta , hear me out .
Alabama and LSU are still the cream of the crop . They are the two best teams in the SEC , and might be the two best teams in the nation . Do n't let LSU 's ugly win over Auburn fool you . The Tigers are still extremely talented and that defense is just as fierce .
But after that , the East has the West beat . Arkansas , which was a part of the West 's talented trio , has fallen to the bottom of the division and could be struggling to make a bowl . Mississippi State has looked good , but those lackluster wins against overmatched teams make me nervous .
Your new Big Three , ladies and gentlemen : Florida , Georgia and South Carolina . And each has to be taken seriously when it comes to winning the SEC .
I 'm not saying they 're better than Alabama or LSU , but they have a legitimate chance of ending the West 's reign of terror .
I 'll start with the Bulldogs :
GEORGIA ( No . 5 , 4-0 )
The Bulldogs have the SEC 's best offense . Georgia leads the league with 530 yards of offense a game and is as balanced as they come . Aaron Murray is passing for 273 yards a game and has tossed 10 touchdowns to two interceptions . Tavarres King , Marlon Brown and Michael Bennett all have double-digit catches on the season and have combined for eight touchdowns .
Freshmen running backs Todd Gurley and Keith Marshall have turned into quite the rushing duo , combing for 670 yards and nine touchdowns . Gurley currently leads the SEC with 406 rushing yards and is averaging 9.2 yards per carry .
Where Georgia could have issues is with its run defense . The Dawgs are eighth in the SEC in rush defense ( 135.5 yards per game ) and Alabama and LSU love to run the ball and wear down opponents . Georgia should know . But that should improve with the return of Bacarri Rambo and Alec Ogletree . They will fill some of the holes we 've seen on defense and help take some of that bend away .
SOUTH CAROLINA ( No . 6 , 4-0 )
We 've seen a lot more balance out of the Gamecocks ' offense in the past couple of weeks and it looks like Marcus Lattimore is getting stronger . He has the ability to wear down those defensive lines and open up the passing game for Connor Shaw . We 'll find out how much Lattimore is needed when South Carolina travels to LSU on Oct. 13 .
Shaw might have a fracture in his shoulder , but he 's shown that he 's extremely tough and South Carolina will need that . He also showed against Missouri that he 's got what it takes to really sling the ball , as he completed his last 20 passes for 249 yards and two touchdowns . Balance will be key , and this offense is full of it .
The secondary still has questions , but it 's getting better every week . South Carolina gives up a good chunk of yards through the air , but the Gamecocks have five interceptions and have allowed just three passing touchdowns . The play up front has really helped the secondary , as the Gamecocks are second in the SEC with 15 sacks . Jadeveon Clowney leads South Carolina with 4.5 sacks and is starting to find his groove .
FLORIDA ( No . 11 , 4-0 )
The Gators finally have an offense . They still struggle some in the first half , but the Gators have outscored opponents 78-13 in the second half and have n't allowed any points in the fourth quarter . Alabama ca n't even say that ! That 's a credit to Florida 's conditioning and solid halftime adjustments .
Florida also has a true downhill runner in Mike Gillislee , who is second in the SEC with 402 rushing yards , and have a budding star in quarterback Jeff Driskel . He can hurt teams with his legs and arm and has shown tremendous poise in harsh road conditions . This team has to find another consistent receiving threat outside of Jordan Reed .
Florida has shown some bend in its rush defense , and was pounded on the ground by Alabama and LSU last year . The Gators have to be tougher up front if they want a chance at claiming the SEC . Play in the box is crucial , and the Gators did n't do very well at all in this area last year when they were clobbered by the Tide and Tigers . Florida 's date with LSU in the Swamp on Oct. 6 will tell us what that front can really do .
None of these teams are perfect , but they 're all pretty good . Georgia is probably equipped with the most talent in the East , but South Carolina and Florida are n't far behind .
Watching these three beat each other up this fall is gon na be fun , but watching one of them try to take down one of the big dogs on the other side of the tracks will be especially entertaining .
Do n't sleep on the East this year .
Luke Skywalker Spider-Man Height/Weight 5 ' 7 '' / 169 lbs 5'10 / 167 lbs Weapons Lightsaber , Force Power Super speed , super agility , webbing , spidey-sense Version Jedi ( post ROTJ ) 616 Universe Peter Parker
Battle location :
Desolate and neutral battle ground with some ground artifacts and limited ( but available ) swinging opportunities .
Photo 1 : Spider-Man connects with some webbing and swings in to engage .
Photo 2 : Close combat . One touch from the lightsaber could be fatal .
Photo 3 : Spider-Man 's superior strength drops Luke to the ground .
Photo 4 : Agility ! Speed ! Kick to the chops !
Photo 5 : Without his lightsaber , does Luke have anything left to give ?
Photo 6 : Of course he does . Luke has a lot of heart . He wo n't give up so easily , and he 's not afraid .
Photo 7 : Dropped again . Is it all over ?
Photo 8 : Nope . Spirit Ben taught him a new trick .
Photo 9 : Spider-Man is shocked ! But like Spider-Man , Luke is hesitant to deliver the death blow .
Photo 10 : More webbing !
Photo 11 : I ca n't tell , did the lightsaber go through or is it behind him ? Time to vote !
[ powr-poll id=f032d62e_1456332224103 ]
Every morning , I read yet another article or blog or tweet about the resurgence – or not – of US manufacturing and the potential – or not – for good jobs to be won by the same . It 's ok , because as I 've said before , I love manufacturing . And I 'll say it again , I love manufacturing .
As I travel around the country visiting our customers , more and more , I realize that I really love manufacturers who are considered small- to mid-sized businesses by the measure of number of employees . That 's likely to be because in the U.S. , more than 250,000 manufacturers have fewer than 500 employees . A big reason for my sentiment is because in spite of all the challenges these companies face – from labor shortages to lack of access to capital to help them scale , acquire new technology or even just repair worn-out equipment , they keep at it . Call it grit , call it optimism , call it good old American stick-to-it-iveness , they 've got it and they keep going .
For too long , robots and the benefits they bring to manufacturing have been out of the reach of these manufacturers . Price , was one barrier . Complexity – and the need for highly specialized expertise , another . With those obstacles out of the way , manufacturing has been democratized . Now , manufacturers of all shapes and sizes can put robots to work in their operations . They are , for many different reasons , and to do many different kinds of tasks .
With equal access to smart , collaborative robots companies like Standby Screw and Vanguard Plastics gain a fast path to exploiting automation to improve productivity and lower cost . They are tackling repetitive tasks , lowering error rates and reducing the likelihood of an injury to a person . For many customers , these robots allow them to “ staff ” positions that have been left unfilled for weeks or months with stability . They are also working alongside people , and giving them opportunities to do more strategic work .
Perhaps , though , what I like best about working with these companies is the curiosity and optimism they bring to engaging with a robot . There 's a focus on possibility that all too often seems limited at large manufacturers who are stuck in the old way of thinking about robots and automation . They are fearless when it comes to trying new applications and undaunted by trial-and-error . And our team learns a lot from them .
When you consider that studies show that smaller manufacturers produce more innovation per employee than large manufacturers , the potential for the next great thing to come from one of these is that much higher , as employees wo n't be stuck doing work best suited for robots . So , no matter what tomorrow 's headlines say , I believe that “ small ” is where it 's when we look for big changes in manufacturing . What kinds of things do you think robots can do for “ small ” manufacturing ? Tweet me @ jim_lawton or @ rethinkrobotics
Netflix finally pulled the trigger : US customers can now switch over to an $ 8 per month unlimited-streaming plan and leave those red envelopes behind once and for all . If the dollar a month you 'd save by switching from the single-DVD plan is n't enough incentive to switch , Netflix has you covered : the difference will actually be two dollars .
In fact , all of the DVD-by-mail plans are getting a price bump , ranging from $ 1 to $ 8 per month , depending on the size of the plan . Streaming video started out as a nice bonus for subscribers ; now DVD delivery is really a premium add-on to the main streaming business .
This is partly because technology has caught up and partly because our TV-watching habits have changed . When Netflix introduced `` Watch Instantly '' in early 2007 , it was Windows-only , and you needed a pretty solid broadband connection to avoid long buffering waits or bitrate adjustments that made the video barely watchable .
Now Netflix can stream video to a huge range of set-top boxes , game consoles , mobile and portable devices , or direct to your television , even over Wi-Fi or 3G . Our data services are stronger , our devices are more connected , and Netflix 's services on both the back and front end have become more sophisticated .
Video streaming has also changed from a cute idea to a widely-used , universally-expected practice . Netflix alone accounts for about 20 % of broadband usage at peak hours . Users talk about new titles streaming on Netflix the way they used to talk about movies becoming available to watch on HBO .
The service quickly got company . Hulu stepped into to compete with Netflix in 2007 as a free streaming TV site , owned by networks and supported by ads . Network sites stopped fiddling around with previews and `` webisodes , '' and started their own serious streaming services , ranging from new content to whole back catalogs . Now , even the cable companies are pushing to bring their content to the web .
Streaming to PCs or mobile devices may not be as crucial to Netflix 's business and future plans as the various ways it gets to your television screen , but their pay-once , watch-everywhere model is the paradigm every other service has had to either emulate or outcompete .
As Epicenter 's John C Abell points out , the $ 9 one-DVD-per month plan has effectively been a streaming-only plan for most of its users for a long time . Is an extra $ 24 per year worth it for quick access to the handful of hot DVD titles – or one well-loved Curious George DVD – that ca n't be had via Watch Instantly ? And what about the price hikes for the big plans ? Since Blockbuster went bankrupt , few will bolt – but will users who 've been renting a box set at a time pay a mint for the privilege or be tempted to cut back ? That 's what Netflix subscribers now have to figure out .
See Also :
If you ever want to take a walk on the wild side , Rodney Irwin , a native of Homestead , is the man you need to find . He can tell you exactly why tegus are a threat to South Florida .
The lizard species is eating native species at a rate we 've never seen before ; their favorite food , bar none , is eggs , says Irwin .
He says the problem began over a decade ago when someone dumped hundreds of them around Florida City and Homestead . Now the Argentinean lizard is out of control and destroying the ecosystem .
They target nests as diverse as crocodiles and flamingos and they 're reproducing so fast humans might have a hard time stopping them .
Rodney wants to change that . “ There are no how-to books on capturing tegus and keeping them , I 'm blazing a trail every day . ”
Four years of hard work catching these reptiles has left his backyard filled to capacity . He has 200 and that number is growing but the day .
“ If it 's a good day , I get one out of every 10 traps , ” says Irwin .
50 traps are spread out within two miles of his home in thick , dense alligator and snake-infested land .
Irwin has a filthy Durango which serves as a machine in the rugged , dangerous terrain . Within minutes he 's at his first trap .
As he approaches , the trap shakes violently . Rodney opens it . The tegu quickly turns on its fight-or-flight mode . They 're so powerful they can crush bones in your hand and if you get bitten they wo n't let go .
“ The trauma in their bite is like putting your hand down hitting it with a hammer , ” says Irwin .
One after another , traps baited with eggs are checked . Most are empty , others are occupied . This is ground zero and the exact number of tegus on the loose is staggering .
“ We could be easily talking 60 to 80,000 tegus and they 're not spread out all over Florida , they 're spread out over a 10 square mile area right here . ”
To date , Rodney has only caught 2,000 . On this day following him we caught four . A reminder that Tegus are in control around here and will be for quite some time . However , each one bagged brings Irwin a little satisfaction knowing he 's one tegu closer to saving this fragile environment .
“ If I 'm not bleeding I 'm not working hard enough , ” he says .
The “ internet of things ” ( IoT ) is the most over-hyped technology in development today , according to tech analysts Gartner .
The firm puts the technology , which promises a world in which every electronic device has a sim card and its own presence on the net , at five to 10 years from actual productivity . Right now , it says , the concept is instead it is at the “ peak of inflated expectations ” .
Gartner highlights a lack of standardisation in the area , as well as the changing nature of the technology itself , as part of the reason why widespread adoption is further than its promotors think .
“ Standardisation ( data standards , wireless protocols , technologies ) is still a challenge to more-rapid adoption of the IoT , ” writes Gartner 's Hung LeHong .
“ A wide number of consortiums , standards bodies , associations and government/region policies around the globe are tackling the standards issues . Ironically , with so many entities each working on their own interests , we expect the lack of standards to remain a problem over the next three to five years . ”
Gartner 's ‘ hype cycle ' . Photograph : Gartner
The assessment is part of Gartner 's annual “ hype cycle ” , which classifies emergent technologies in one of five categories based on how high expectations for them are .
Initially , a new technology enters the public 's awareness with low expectations , which slowly rise as the potential becomes clear . Quantum computing , holographic displays and human augmentation are all at that period of the cycle , although the firm puts all three of them at well over 10 years from general use .
Eventually , expectations hit a peak , where the technology is predicted to solve almost every problem known to humanity . As well as the internet of things , autonomous vehicles , consumer 3D printing and wearable computing are all innovations that Gartner thinks are over-hyped at the moment .
Then comes what Gartner calls the “ trough of disillusionment ” : the period when the realisation hits on that the technology is never going to perform as well as its proponents hoped . Examples include gamification , augmented reality , and near-field communication .
Importantly , however , the tech does n't disappear from use , and continues to be refined throughout the trough of disillusionment . As the innovation finds its niche , it enters the “ slope of enlightenment ” , where the public realises the actual potential of the product , as with enterprise 3D printing and gesture control .
Finally , the new technology hits the “ plateau of productivity ” . It has become good enough to carry out its functions , and the period of hype is far enough in the past that people are willing to give it a second chance . For Gartner , speech recognition has hit that plateau , and is now ready for real world use .
“ Speech recognition has gained the momentum it needs to move more rapidly toward mainstream adoption as vendors recognize its value in enriching touch and in-air gesture interaction , ” says Adib Carl Ghubril , who estimates that the market for the technology could still increase twofold to fivefold .
[ + ] Spoiler Version 1.4.1
===============
Events , jobs , plots and decisions :
- Improved the landless dynasty nickname system . Made it possible for generic nicknames to occur , also added Dayne and Celtigar nicknames .
- Removed mod gift artefact interaction , replaced by new vanilla interaction
- Split vassals can now be reappointed as commanders at the end of mega wars , in the same way as councillors
- Characters can now convert between Westerosi and Essosi Valryian cultures
- Added an event for dragon riding concubines
- Adjusted random skinchanger encounter event , can now happen for rulers in The North as well as beyond the wall
- Added a couple of alchemist society decisions/missions
- Landless characters somehow in hiding can now be brought out of hiding
- Revised vanilla spouse advice events
- Added an event advising the player of available plots when having an ambtiion to be on the council
- Added in events for Asshai being raided by the Shadowmen
- Added events for an ambitious/greedy/ruthless ruler of Asshai to attack the Shadowmen and unite Asshai as one
- Added an event for the ruler of the now unified Asshai to crown themself the Shadow King and get an artifact
- The Yellow Emperor invader will ask Asshai for help in their war against Yi Tti in exchange for a reward gold and an alliance upon victory
- The regent now decides on vassal requests to transfer vassals or grant a kingdom
- Added an option to give a title to a claimant instead of a family member when they ask for a title
- Adjusted tourney end event text
- The seas can now freeze over
Character/Database setup ( WARNING , SPOILERS AHEAD ) :
- Added day 0 maintenance that adds children and siblings to families with a shortage of members
- Aegon now gets his crown at the start of The Conquest
- Fixed a bunch of history issues
- Bellegere the Black Pearl is now a pirate when she is in the Stepstones
- Utilised add_matrilineal_spouse in the history files
- Fixed Ned briefly holding ice whilst his father was still alive
- Fixed dunk and egg guardian link
- House Mooton are now targ loyalists in roberts rebellion
- Fixed summerhall ruin history
- Added Silver Denys
- Adjusted Stannis ' ACoK era entry
Balance :
- Made refuge/hospital buildings much cheaper ( I didnt realise they were so absurdly expensive )
- Hospital buildings can now be destroyed after sieges
- Added a negative modifier for Dothraki defeated in a war
- Decreased decay rate of fear
- More highborn canidates will now be considered for the kingsguard
- Decreased sword quest ship cost
- The white walkers may now be permanently defeated if they fail an invasion and are very weak
- Fear from cruel executions now only applies to vassals or family , as with the base fear for execution . Also applied it to crucifixion .
- Slave raids now target an entire realm , rather than individual provinces . The location for sacking and gaining of slaves is now randomly selected from occupied provinces .
- It is now not so easy for the player to get guardians in not so realistic places . there may now be a cost or opinion malus with vassals .
- Patient and zealous traits are now valid traits to claim dawn . Also added an event informing the player when someone claims dawn .
- Added more opinion consequences when fabricating claims
- Defensive coalitions now apply to dejure kingdom wars
- Made some tweaks to the revoke vassal title plot , including the option to depose liege if the vassal wins the war .
AI :
- White walkers will now never yield in duels
- One province jogos nhai jhats are now much more likely to accept annexation
- Applied Ai logic which prevents dragon riding spouses going on adventures if they like their liege to concubines . Almost preveneted going on adventures if a councillor/regent and have postive opinion of liege
- The AI is now more likely to accept marriages with nomads who have united all clans
- The AI may now randomly gain dragon intel before trying to hatch an egg
Graphics and portraits :
- Fixed problems with some cadet dynasty CoAs
- Made blond northmen slightly rarer
- All free city and valyrian religions now use the coats of arms used by the rhllor religion
- Added missing dragon trait icons
- Fixed incorrect usage of old celtigar flag for dynamic coa
Map :
- All wildlings and pirates should now start with their tier 1 special building
- Added many military commands to cities across the world
- The Harrenhal tower baronies are now military commands
- Renamed Hazdahn No to Hazdahn Mo
- Changed how Old Ghis ruin is created . ( hopefully fixes Ghiscar mac issue , no idea if it will ! )
- Extended the Sarne to the Silver Sea . It is now also navigable by all .
- Ghiscari legionary barracks now gives pikemen rather than heavy infantry . Ghiscari base value buildings now also give pikemen
Misc :
- Added a game rule for dynamic coa to have it default , dynasty head only or off
- Added post war mega war maintenance adding patricians to new merchant republics
- Independent high lord tier characters may now be slave traders
- Adjusted the way Aegon 's Freehold is setup
- Added a warning to the resignation popup informing of vanilla bug
- Updated Yi Ti religion desc using Golden instead of Great for Dawn empire
- Added in title loc for e_dawn so it now displays `` The Great Pearl Emperor '' instead of `` God Emperor Pearl Emperor ''
- Shows the portrait of the vassal being demanded to be transfered by one of your other vassals
- Grandchildren who are dynasty head now take precedence over children for sword inheritance
- Removed the mass execute button as it does not work with the disabled diplo action and cusotm execute action
- Winter can now spread to the Isle of Cedars and New Ghis
Internal Scripting :
- Added a is_feudal_monarch_trigger scripted trigger
- Added genetic_mother and genetic_father entries to many children created by events
- Made sure all history files are definitely encoded in ANSI to try and eliminate Mac history bug , not sure if it has actually had an effect
- Added a can_be_commander_trigger scripted trigger
- Added a GetMyCastellanName custom localisation
Bugfixes :
- Fixed CTD caused by maintenance on ruins somehow held by nomads
- Fixed CTD that could occur when saving ( caused by events triggered from slavery laws on day 0 )
- Fixed crash in AFFC casued by danys crown being added in her history entry ( Note : artefacts must be added in artefact_spawns , and not history entries )
- Fixed the presence of mysterious aurion title
- If a ruler with the seduction focus is castrated they now stop the focus
- Fixed invasions always usurping military commands
- Fixed error in household guard event removing modifier it just added
- Defensive coalitions should now trigger for the correct casus belli
- Fixed a bunch of interface issues
- Fixed wars to push subjects claim on a foreign capital sometimes usurping the entire enemy realm
- Fixed tyranny being applied to enslaving all prisoners
- Moving capitals should now also move slavery province modifiers
- Fixed duelling game rules
- Fixed Cold Gods followers sacrificing all children instead of just sons
- Fixed wars to revoke a vassals title sometimes not triggering correctly
- Made some validator fixes
- Fixed invasions erroneously usurping baron tier military commands
- Shadowmen revolts are no longer called wildling revolts
- Fixed e_dawn 's name
- Fixed on birth ibbenese/brindlemen outbreeding check
Please do n't post bug/problem reports in this thread , please use the bug report forum : http : //citadel.prophpbb.com/forum5.html
Just weeks before nitro fills the air in Pomona John Force brings on 6 time Top Fuel Champion Alan Johnson to get Brittany Force 's fledgling Monster Energy dragster up to speed .
In what can be called a coup for John Force , longtime respected owner/tuner Alan Johnson comes aboard to assist Brian Husen on Brittany Force 's Top Fuel team . John Force Racing spent much of 2015 adjusting from Fords to Chevrolets so the addition of Johnson should let the funny car side figure out some of the struggles of last season .
A side part of the deal that could prove to be the most understated piece is the parts that Johnson brings over from his own team he was forced to shutter during the 2015 season . This will defiantly help the fledgling Top Fuel side of John Force Racing .
When his primary sponsor Al Anabi left Johnson just before the season he tried to keep the team afloat week to week but was forced to close the doors . Hard to believe just 18 months from winning the 2013 NHRA Top Fuel Championship with Shawn Langdon , his third in six seasons , Johnson was out of racing .
While Brittany Force has shown some promise in the Top Fuel ranks , she has yet to win and is not a consistent contender to win rounds every week . The addition of Johnson and his expertise in Top Fuel should jumpstart this team to be in the mix for Wallys 's fairly soon . The countdown format the NHRA has adopted will help , allowing the team to gel for the first part of the season just needing a strong finish to make the countdown . By then who knows how far this team will have come , but I would not bet against it .
Between Johnsons 6 Top Fuel Championships and Force 's 16 there is no doubt when the Force team rolls up to any drag strip this season they will be threats to win in both classes .
SEATTLE - One night , a man sent a former flame flirtatious text messages while his girlfriend was sleeping next to him . The next evening , he posted cruel comments about his significant other on Facebook .
While this may sound like the work of a terrible boyfriend , his actions were n't entirely voluntary because he had n't been awake . The man was `` sleep texting . ''
Dr. Lina Fine , a sleep neurologist at Swedish Medical Center , described the man as just one of a growing number of patients who report text messaging or updating social media while they 're asleep .
In the same way that people sleepwalk , Fine said texting has become such a common behavior that people are reportedly doing it even when they 're unconscious .
`` The most powerful tool we have is language , and the smart phone has become a common way to communicate , '' Fine said . `` It 's reflective to go for something we use the most . ''
In some cases , Fine said people wake up during the night , send a message and then fall back asleep . When they wake in the morning they have absolutely no memory of their actions .
Dr. William DePaso , a sleep medicine specialist at Virginia Mason , said a person has to be awake at least 30 seconds to remember it later .
`` My son can probably send 20 text messages in that time , '' DePaso said .
Other times , people will send text messages or use social media while they are completely unconscious . Fine said this is a symptom of parasomnia , a genetic sleep disorder in which a person exhibits strange behavior during sleep , such as walking , talking or eating . These behaviors are more common in children but can reemerge during adulthood if a person is sleep deprived or stressed .
Text messages , emails or tweets posted while a person is asleep can be nonsensical or completely understandable . Fine said these messages often come from a person 's subconscious , so they may send offensive content that they would not normally share . One patient reported to Fine that they had texted negative thoughts about their boss to that person while they were asleep .
`` The messages may be upsetting , '' Fine said . `` A person may text an inappropriate message emerging out of their unconscious mind that the conscious person would not want to send . ''
Besides having a negative effect on relationships , Fine said using a phone or computer during the night prevents a person from getting truly restorative sleep . The next day the messenger may be tired , restless or irritable . Over time they may exercise less and gain weight , she said .
Fine said people who text while asleep are also at risk of more dangerous sleep behaviors like walking out of the house or getting in the car .
Digital devices can be to blame for some people 's disrupted sleep , Fine said . Using a phone or computer before bed can keep your mind from relaxing , and the light emitted from screens can disrupt a person 's internal clock . Fine said it is best to stop looking at television , computer or phone screens an hour or two before you go to sleep .
Fine said those who use digital devices just before they go to sleep are more likely to use them during the night .
`` We have so many digital devices around us , '' Fine said . `` We 're never quite relaxed . We never really fall asleep . People wake up and start texting but right before they fall asleep the memory is essentially erased . ''
Sleep aid medications , which are becoming more common , can also cause people to use digital media while unconscious .
If you have been sleep texting , Fine said the first step is to remove digital devices from the room you sleep in . If that 's not possible , DePaso recommends putting a lock or complicated case on the phone - anything that makes it more difficult to send a text .
DePaso also encourages people to ask their partner or family if they have any other odd sleep behaviors . If they do , they could benefit from seeing a sleep specialist .
As for Fine 's misbehaving patient , he now locks up his cell phone and computer each night before bed and asked his girlfriend to keep an eye on his Facebook page .
This is almost as ironic as Aaron Schock appearing on a box of Wheaties . On Saturday , the New York-Mississippi Society will hold its annual picnic in Central Park . 5,000 people are expected to attend , including Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant , who plans on traveling Northward from the Bible belt to encourage liberal New Yorkers to vacation in ( and even move to ! ) Mississippi .
So where 's the irony ?
Well , Governor Phil Bryant is extremely conservative , especially when it comes to gay rights . And he 'll been giving his speech less than two weeks before the kickoff of New York 's Gay Pride festivities and the 45th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots of 1969 .
In April , Bryant signed the Mississippi Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which becomes law July 1 . It 's basically Mississippi 's version of Arizona 's draconian SB1062 bill . The Mississippi Religious Freedom Restoration Act permits state-sanctioned discrimination against gays and lesbians by allowing businesses to refuse to serve them on the basis of religion .
But some folks are n't having it .
Gay rights activists from Get EQUAL Mississippi , PFLAG of Jackson , and two welcoming congregations are making a pilgrimage from Mississippi to New York , where they plan on staging a protest and passing out stickers that proclaim support for the LGBT community and for all the people in Mississippi who have been marginalized by Bryant and this hateful legislation . Their motto for the protest is “ Y'all Means ALL . ”
Martin Todd Allen is one of the people spearheading the protest .
“ 5000 people are expected to attend this Mississippi-New York picnic in Central Park , ” he tells Queerty in an e-mail . “ And the few of us can not do this without the help New York friends and LGBTQ allies . ”
Allen is asking any one in New York who may be free to help distribute stickers to join them at the picnicon on June 14th from noon to 6 p.m .
We ca n't help but wonder what Cher , who will be performing in NYC at the end of the summer , thinks about Governor Phil Bryant bringing his hate show to the Big Apple…
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday addressed the State Department for the first time , acknowledging the contentious election but emphasizing the importance of working together .
`` I know this was a hotly contested election and we do not all feel the same way about the outcome . Each of us is entitled to the expression of our political beliefs , '' Tillerson told State Department employees .
`` But we can not let our personal convictions overwhelm our ability to work as one team . Let us be understanding with each other about the times we live in as we focus our energies on our departmental goals . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
Tillerson vowed that in his role as secretary of State , he will use the `` talent and resources '' of the State Department in the `` most efficient ways possible . ''
`` That may entail making some changes to how things are traditionally done in this department , '' he said .
`` Change for the sake of change can be counterproductive , and that will never be my approach . But we can not sustain ineffective traditions over optimal outcomes . ''
He said he will gather information about what processes should be reformed and `` make sure we are functioning in the most productive and efficient way possible . ''
Tillerson was officially sworn in as secretary of State on Wednesday night after overcoming opposition from Democrats in the Senate .
During the ceremony Wednesday , President Trump praised Tillerson for his understanding of diplomacy while lauding him for prioritizing U.S. values and security .
Tillerson on Thursday also joked about the Senate confirmation process .
`` I know many of you have assisted ambassadors and other officials during the Senate confirmation process , and indeed some of you have been through it yourself , '' he said .
`` Having just come through it for the first time , I can assure you that the Senate still takes it as serious as ever . They 're as energetic as ever . They 're as thorough as ever — but we 're here . ''
Buried in the Treasury 's International Reserve Position report is an intriguing bit of math . The document details the total amount , by weight , of the Treasury 's gold reserves , plus a dollar value for said metal . But some fast division reveals something interesting : The Treasury marks the value of its gold at $ 42 an ounce , the price settled on in 1973 , two years after the United States scrapped the Bretton Woods System , which had held gold at $ 35 an ounce for decades .
Wait -- what ? Spot gold is heading toward $ 1,100 per ounce , and the Treasury is embracing a Cold War relic of a price ? If the Treasury 's bling were valued at the spot price , we 'd be sitting on a literal gold mine of nearly $ 288 billion . Why does n't the Treasury account for the huge run-up in gold prices ?
For starters , marking the Treasury 's gold to market would create a huge headache of an ever-fluctuating balance sheet as the price of gold rises and falls , pointed out Dimitri Papadimitriou , president of the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College . Plus , if gold tumbled , we 'd lose our hypothetical wealth as quickly as we 'd accrued it .
More important , the United States is n't selling its cache . Evaluating the Treasury 's gold for the market would be like putting a price tag on the White House or the Statue of Liberty -- a possibly entertaining but pointless exercise . For the Treasury to say it suddenly has greater wealth in its coffers might make us feel better about the burgeoning deficit , but it does n't really change anything . For revaluation to have any economic impact , we 'd have to sell , according to Mark Calabria , director of financial regulation studies at the Cato Institute .
And if the United States were to dump its gold on the open market , there 's no way we 'd get today 's spot rate . Governments around the world collectively hold about 20 percent of the world 's gold reserves . Among these , the United States holds about one-third of that .
Pouring it into the market would make prices crash . Even if the Treasury were to sell off gold a bit at a time , anticipation of future sales would exert a downward pressure on prices . Any transaction would also require deft political maneuvering and delicate negotiations , because other central banks plus the industry-backed World Gold Council would n't be too keen on us holding a red-tag sale on our gold .
Raising the value of the Treasury 's gold stockpile would have an inflationary effect , too , which is the last thing the Federal Reserve wants right now . In 1933 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt increased the book value of gold to $ 35 an ounce from $ 20.67 to battle deflation . It did the trick , but the move was risky . Given that the Fed now has safer ways to create inflation , a revaluation and sale would come across as the powers-that-be playing fast and loose with a shaky economy .
There are certainly people , such as Rutgers University economics professor Michael Bordo , who think the United States should unload some of its stash , on the grounds that the gold standard does n't work and that by holding on to the metal we 're clinging to a de facto version of an antiquated policy . Some research papers argue that the wealth we keep locked up in gold coins and bullion would be better utilized if injected into the economy .
The problem , according to James Barth , senior finance fellow at the Milken Institute , is that selling gold is a one-shot solution . Unlike raising taxes or cutting spending , you get to sell your gold only once . Yes , it might help us out of this slump , but we would have one less major asset to fall back on the next time the economy dives .
Photo Credit :
In October 2013 , the Pew Research Center released a report on American Jewry that generated a tremendous amount of discussion in the Jewish community . Now , two years later , the center has published a supplementary report focusing specifically on Orthodox Jews . The report ( www.pewforum.org/2015/08/26/a-portrait-of-american-orthodox-jews/ ) collates data that appeared in the original report along with further analysis .
To learn more , The Jewish Press spoke with Alan Cooperman , director of religion research at the Pew Research Center . A magna cum laude graduate from Harvard , Cooperman worked as a national reporter and editor at The Washington Post and a foreign correspondent for the Associated Press and U.S. News & World Report before joining the center in 1982 .
Advertisement
The Jewish Press : This report argues that in certain respects Orthodox Jews in America resemble evangelical Christians more than they do their fellow Jews . Can you elaborate ?
Cooperman : In terms of how often they say they attend religious services , Orthodox Jews and white evangelicals are almost identical . Seventy-four percent of Orthodox Jews and 75 percent of white evangelicals say they attend religious services at least once a month .
Similarly , when we asked people , “ How important is religion in your life – very important , somewhat important , not too important , or not at all important ? ” 83 percent of Orthodox Jews and 86 percent of white evangelicals said it 's very important in their lives . Among non-Orthodox Jews , only 20 percent said it 's very important .
The third similarity is the share of both of these groups that say the land of Israel was given by God to the Jewish people – 84 percent of Orthodox Jews and 82 percent of white evangelicals . Among Jews as a whole , it 's 40 percent . Among Christians as a whole , it 's 55 percent .
Eighty-four percent sounds like a high number , but should n't it be 100 percent considering that the Bible is pretty clear that God gave Israel to the Jews ? On that note , some people question the Pew Research Center 's methodology since its original report on American Jewry contained several highly implausible findings , such as its conclusion that only 75 percent of ultra-Orthodox Jews refrain from handling money on Shabbos . How do you respond ?
It 's an excellent question . First of all , let me say that criticism of the report has generally come from people who are not familiar with this kind of research . Once it 's explained to them , they tend to realize that people who self-identity in a particular way do n't always behave and believe the way they are expected to behave and believe .
So , for example , some people tell us that they 're Orthodox Jews but they do n't keep kosher . There 's also a small percentage of people who self-identify as Reform Jews who tell us they do keep kosher . So there 's a wide spectrum of behavior and beliefs among people , and people do n't always line up 100 percent the way other people expect them to .
Let me add one more thing : There 's always some “ noise ” in surveys , by which I mean there are people who are distracted when they 're doing the survey and give an answer that 's not right . The person doing the interview and punching in the answer could also make an error . And finally , there are always going to be a few people who are jokesters and give silly answers . So , for example , they 'll tell you that they 're 185 years old , stand 6 ' 8 ” tall , weigh 42 lbs . and have been to Mars . If you ask in a survey , “ When was the last time you visited Mars ? ” I guarantee you that you will have a non-zero response .
One of the Pew Research Center 's findings is that Orthodox Jews tend to have more children – 4.1 – than other American Jews – 1.7 . What do these numbers mean for the future of American Jewry ?
It does n't matter who UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo faces inside the Octagon , Conor McGregor 's name will always surround him .
“ Scarface '' headlines UFC 212 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on June 3 , against interim titleholder Max Holloway , and he told reporters during a conference call on Thursday that he does n't expect to get a second shot at McGregor .
`` Everybody says things today that I do n't even understand why , ” Aldo said when asked about McGregor . `` Conor was good for one side , let 's say , because he brought more attention to the division and to myself . On another side , to talk about the fight , man , that 's in the past .
`` Everybody still asks me if I want or if I do n't want ( to fight him again ) . That 's not up to me . That 's up to the UFC , and we know it will never happen . I do n't even know if he will come back to fight . The UFC tried to do a ( second ) fight and he did n't want it , did n't accept it , because what happened will never happen again . ”
Aldo bounced back from his 13-second loss to McGregor with a unanimous decision win over Frankie Edgar at UFC 200 . “ The Notorious , '' meanwhile , is looking to face Floyd Mayweather in a boxing match after winning the UFC lightweight gold last November .
The Brazilian is confident they will never rematch , even if he moves up to lightweight to go after the Irishman .
`` I could n't care less what Conor does or does n't do , ” Aldo said . `` I 'm a UFC fighter and I 'm the best featherweight . I have to focus on training and evolving to defend my belt . ”
Asked about his plans for the future , Aldo again mentioned his desire to start a career in boxing , saying he already spoke with UFC president Dana White about it .
Before thinking about a move to the ring , though , the Nova Uniao featherweight has to focus on Holloway .
`` I think Max is a big challenge , an opponent that I already expected to face in the future , ” Aldo said . `` I try to look at every up-and-comer . I 'm a reference ( point ) , I 'm a target . Everybody wants the champion , so I try to study every young athlete that enters the division .
`` It 's another test for me , ” Aldo added . `` He 's a young guy , hungry to win . He 's another one who will try and fail . That 's for sure . ''
Hello , dear artists and Marvel comics fans ! Today we will draw one of the most terrible and frightening fictional villains . Formally , it is an enemy of Spider-Man , but he also often appears in other Marvel comics . This monster sometimes looks like a man , but nevertheless he always remains an eerie , frightening creature not of our world . So let 's start this tutorial and learn how to draw Venom !
Step 1
So , first using a stickman ( a man made of circles and sticks ) we 'll depict the posture of Venom . At first , using an oval draw the head . Sketch out the vertical line of the facial symmetry , which will help us to find the center of the head . Using lines draw hands , spine and legs . Using circles draw fists .
Step 2
At this step we will add some volume to the Venom 's body . At first , using circles draw shoulders . Using curved line draw the back . Using ovals draw hands . Notice that the forearms should be slightly narrowed to the fists . Using curved lines draw legs .
Step 3
At this step in tutorial about how to draw Venom step by step we will add details and muscles . At first we need to draw Venom 's head . At first , using the vertical facial line from the previous step draw eyes . In contrast from the Spider-Man 's eyes , the eyes of Venom should look torn and ragged . Then draw the mouth with sharp teeth and jaw . Then using smooth curved lines draw the massive deltoids . Then draw back and add the outline of the spine in the middle of the back .
Step 4
Note , that the hands look voluminous not only due to biceps – a substantial proportion of the volume accounted for triceps . Using smooth and curved lines draw biceps and triceps . Draw fingers as in our example . Move to the legs . Draw the powerful muscles of the thigh and calf muscles . Draw knees and the foot of Venom . Erase all unnecessary guidelines and move to the next step .
Step 5
At this step we will add final details to Venom . Draw long and curved tongue . Draw rectangles on the back sides of the palms . Darken the lines and erase all remaining unnecessary strokes .
Step 6
At the last step of tutorial about how to draw Venom we will add shadows . In order to get shadows as in our example , you should first outline the contours of the shadows , then hatch the shadows using equal strokes . If in the drawing of Venom you made mistakes , just erase failed lines and draw them again .
It was tutorial about how to draw Venom step by step . We hope this drawing lesson was interesting and informative for you . If you want to draw something more complex , visit our drawing tutorials about how to draw Sub-Zero and how to draw a Samurai .
( Newser ) – The owners of an abandoned Louisiana mansion are facing criticism after the house was burned down last week , allegedly by stoned ghost hunters , the Times-Picayune reports . `` We made our best efforts to secure the land from trespassers , '' say the owners of the LeBeau Plantation near New Orleans . `` But it is doubtful that anything short of 24-hour patrols would have kept out these intruders intent on engaging in illegal activities . '' According to the sheriff , the suspected arsonists entered easily Thursday night through a gap in the fence often used by trespassers .
The seven suspects , aged 17 to 31 , are accused of beating on the floors in the hope of summoning spirits—which some says inhabit the historic property , which was built in the 1850s and was once regarded as one of the biggest plantations south of New Orleans . `` We all heard the ghost stories while growing up , '' the sheriff says . ( Per legend , a lady in white roams the upper porch . ) `` In combination with smoking dope in there , it appears it was intriguing to them . '' When no ghosts appeared , one of the inebriated and stoned visitors got frustrated and allegedly set the fire . Now they all face charges ranging from trespassing to burglary to arson . For more on the mansion 's colorful and brutal history , which includes a suspicious fire 17 years ago , check out this earlier Times-Picayune article . ( Read more ghosts stories . )
MOSUL , Iraq -- Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi celebrated with Iraqi troops Sunday in Mosul after they drove Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) militants from some of their last strongholds in a nearly nine-month campaign , although heavy fighting by holdouts continued in parts of the Old City neighborhood .
Dressed in a black military uniform , a smiling al-Abadi walked amid the soldiers , at one point grabbing an Iraqi flag and briefly draping it on his shoulders . Other troops waved flags and pointed their weapons in the air nearby .
Images posted to al-Abadi 's official Twitter account Sunday showed the leader shaking hands with members of the armed forces .
PM Al-Abadi arrives in Mosul to announce its liberation and congratulate the armed forces and Iraqi people on this victory pic.twitter.com/bUtkj7z88A — Haider Al-Abadi ( @ HaiderAlAbadi ) July 9 , 2017
PM Al-Abadi meets with ISF commanders and forces who led the Mosul liberation campaign pic.twitter.com/qLILtkIWch — Haider Al-Abadi ( @ HaiderAlAbadi ) July 9 , 2017
Al-Iraqia TV quoted al-Abadi as saying he `` congratulates the heroic fighters and the people on the big victory '' in Iraq 's second-largest city , even as fighting rang out in pockets near the militants ' last stand at the Tigris River .
The loss of Mosul would mark a major defeat for ISIS , which has suffered a series of major setbacks over the past year .
The militants control less than a square kilometer , less than a mile , of territory in the shattered city in northern Iraq , but they were using human shields , suicide bombers and snipers in a fight to the death .
ISIS militants seized Mosul in the summer of 2014 when they swept across northern and central Iraq . That summer , the group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , appeared at Mosul 's al-Nuri Mosque and declared a caliphate on territory it seized in Iraq and Syria .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi , right , is pictured in Mosul Iraq , July 9 , 2017 . Iraqi Prime Minister Media Office/Handout via REUTERS
Iraq launched the operation to retake Mosul in October , backed by airstrikes from the U.S.-led coalition . The fierce battle has killed thousands and displaced more than 897,000 people .
Last month , as Iraqi troops closed in on Mosul 's Old City , the militants destroyed the al-Nuri Mosque and its famous leaning minaret to deny the forces a symbolic triumph .
Lt. Gen. Jassim Nizal of the army 's 9th Division said his forces achieved `` victory '' in their sector , after a similar announcement by the militarized Federal Police . His soldiers danced to patriotic music atop tanks even as airstrikes sent up plumes of smoke nearby .
Nizal acknowledged that many of his men were among those who fled the city when ISIS forces seized Mosul in 2014 in a humiliating defeat for the Iraqi armed forces . `` Some things happened here , that 's true , '' he said . `` But we have come back . ''
Ex-ISIS recruits reveal what drew them into war
Much of the Old City and surrounding areas have been devastated by the grueling urban combat . On Sunday , a line of weary civilians walked out of the Old City , past the shells of destroyed apartment blocks lining the cratered roads .
Heba Walid held her sister-in-law 's baby , which was born into war . The parents of the 6-month-old , along with 15 other family members , were killed last month when an airstrike hit their home . When Walid ran out of formula , she fed the baby a paste of crushed biscuits mixed with water .
In neighboring Syria , U.S.-backed Syrian forces have encircled and pushed into ISIS ' de facto capital of Raqqa after a month of fighting , although a long battle lies ahead .
More than 2,000 militants are holed up with their families and tens of thousands of civilians in Raqqa 's center , the city 's most densely populated districts .
The extremists still hold several smaller towns and villages across Iraq and Syria .
Asian-American sportscaster Robert Lee was pulled from a University of Virginia football game because he shares his name with a Confederate army general and his network did not wish to cause offence to viewers .
ESPN took the decision as Confederate leader Robert Lee has become synonymous with the recent Charlottesville protests and racially-charged unrest in many parts of the US .
Lee 's monument was removed from the University of Texas this week , with the institution 's president , Greg Fenves , saying it could otherwise be used by white supremacists as a focal point for “ hatred and bigotry . ”
READ MORE : 'Symbols of subjugation ' : University of Texas removes Confederate monuments
“ We collectively made the decision with Robert to switch games as the tragic events in Charlottesville were unfolding , simply because of the coincidence of his name , ” ESPN said in a statement to Outkick the Coverage on Tuesday .
Lee , the commentator , had been due to cover the game between William and Mary and the University of Virginia on September 2 .
ESPN 's decision comes after 32 year old Heather Heyer was killed when a car plowed into a group of counterprotesters at a recent ‘ Unite the Right ' rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ It 's a shame that this is even a topic of conversation and we regret that who calls play by play for a football game has become an issue , ” ESPN said in their statement .
RT contacted Lee regarding the issue but have yet to receive a response .
Bob Bradley interview – former Egypt national team coach reflects on his journey and bids farewell to the land of the Pharaohs on KingFut.com .
On his last day in Egypt , after having his last breakfast by the Nile , Bob Bradley was bracing himself for one last round of emotional goodbyes . Portraying a sharp face and a serious look , the American coach sits in an interview with Moustafa El Chiati of KingFut.com , heavily weighed down by disappointment yet equally full of pride for what he has endured and overcome during his time with the Pharaohs .
Bradley came to Egypt well aware of its history of football and what it meant for Egyptian people . The passion , the emotion . He came with one dream – to reach the World Cup – and he understood the challenges he would face .
But some challenges are impossible to foresee , let alone comprehend .
“ Port Said was unexpected , it changed everything , ” Bob Bradley told KingFut.com , referring to the unfortunate tragedy that took place at the port city on February 1 , 2012 .
Bradley did not give up on the dream which he shared with all Egyptians and each time someone told him he had come at a bad time , and with every negative comment he received , Bradley 's determination increased . He believed that the team could do something different , something special .
Amidst all the chaos , Bradley 's full focus was on the team and the players as he told them : “ We must become brothers ; Egypt is divided but we are going to be united . ”
With a sorrowful look and a voice filled with frustration , Bradley admits that it is very disappointing that at the very end , the World Cup dream was never fulfilled . “ We came up short , ” he concedes . “ I am sad that I could n't make that happen. ” Although he proudly claims that this does n't take away from the success of the pure football project .
When asked to describe his experience in Egypt in one word , Bradley paused for a few seconds and after a long silence he calmly said : “ The two years have been positive .
The time that we spent together and the experience we shared will stay with me for the rest of my life , ” the American added passionately . “ There were great experiences from a football standpoint and a human and personal standpoint . ”
He shed some light on the other challenges that he faced during his time in Egypt , beyond the obvious struggles that came to rise after the Port Said tragedy . He explained that the squad faced similar challenges to every other Egyptian during those two years : “ The uncertainty , instability , not knowing what will happen to the country , are among the challenges that the group faced every day . ”
On how he was able to face and overcome that , he had these self-assured words to say : “ I always believed in my ability as a leader and to lead in difficult moments and it 's true with any team I 've ever coached . ”
Bradley believes there were many ways in which the team evolved over the two years but he senses that progress did not end up getting the praise it deserved locally , despite the numerous calls he got from people in Europe applauding the team 's efforts . “ Our style of play , our ability to control games , our movement , our passing , our ability to press . These things were very good , ” he said .
Moment of truth
The problem is , in the eyes of the public , all the months of hard work , perseverance , and triumph can be washed away by one terribly crucial defeat – sadly that came in Kumasi .
It was the last straw that ended his future with the Egyptian national team – the failure against Ghana and the sub-par performance of the team in Kumasi ; it was the one match that mattered . “ The weight of everything was too much , ” Bradley said with emotion . “ I will always be disappointed . It was our main challenge from the very first day . ”
In his explanation , Bradley questioned the Egyptian mentality which he says strengthened when things were going well and faltered when things were n't going according to plan . He stressed that for two years he specifically worked on such mental problems with the team and at times , the work was paying dividends like against Guinea and against Zimbabwe , where the players responded well to difficult situations on the field , but what happened that day in Ghana will remain a question mark .
“ We got off to a nervous start . For so many it was a lot of weight on their shoulders and they lost their ability to fight through it , ” he recounts .
“ There are moments in football when some things go wrong and for whatever reason that day it was too much for the group . ”
He defended his tactics and formation applied in that match however , saying he strongly believed that the starting 11 made the most sense and the tactics as well as the adjustments made were good . There was a plan , but it did n't work .
By the end of his contract , Bradley had given up part of the money owed to him by the Egyptian Football Association ( EFA ) just to avoid unnecessary talks with some people . He was quite cynical of the EFA .
“ For the most part I did n't feel there were people inside the FA that were there to truly help us , ” he said angrily . “ They said they want to help us but they never did . ”
Anyone who wanted to destroy or intervene he tried to keep them at a distance and he chose not to fight with them because he knew that it would n't help the team .
“ At times I 've given Diaa ( El-Sayed , the assistant coach ) so much credit because he covered so many outside things that allowed me to focus on the team and on the players and for that I will always be grateful , ” he added .
Special connections
For all of what he has been through in Egypt , Bradley singled out the first meeting he had with Mohamed Abou-Treika as his most memorable moment . He reflected on that meeting where they discussed the dream of reaching the World Cup . It is when he got the sense of what Abou-Treika is all about and when he grasped the sincere motivation this player had to achieving the dream . “ This is for me very special , ” he says .
Bradley 's approach with the players was a close and personal one which was evident in how warmly and passionately he spoke about them . He says he respected and enjoyed working with all of them and always opted to have honest moments and real conversations with the professionals he worked with . “ We shared together the experience of trying to get better and trying to get to the World Cup , ” he said .
The Egyptian players left quite an impression on him . He spoke with great enthusiasm about them especially Mohamed Salah and Abou-Treika , but those were n't the only ones .
He says : “ It was special with Treika… special with Salah .
“ Also , Hegazy – he has a good mentality , he is a good man…I feel bad for his injury .
“ I tried to push Nenny more . His second year in Europe will always be harder and I am trying to prepare him .
“ I had very good conversations with Rabia…
“ Fathi is a fighter . We like to joke together… ”
Sour grapes
It is only normal to face confrontations with your players but Bradley insists that all he had done with Ahmed Elmohamady and Essam El-Hadary was to give them his honest view on what the team needs and what they needed to do in order to help the squad . In that aspect , Bradley compared his managerial ways to those of Alex Ferguson 's when he loudly said : “ This is football . When you read Sir Alex 's book , that 's what he did with Beckham . ”
In an interview with King Fut last June , Elmohamady had urged all Egyptians to support Bradley . “ Bob Bradley is such a professional and treats us as professionals and all the players are very comfortable with him , ” the Hull City player had said . Five months later , Elmohamady said : “ He was the main reason for the disaster in Ghana ; he prepared for the game very bad and started with fear and used incompetent tactics for that tough game . I wonder how such a man with a floppy character can lead a big team like Egypt , he 's not even able to face the players and illustrate to them why they do n't start or are being selected in the squad . ”
Bradley instantly jumped in angrily saying : “ You know why , do n't you ? ” in reference to not calling Elmohamady to the squad for the second leg of the Ghana tie .
Referring to the player 's outburst he says : “ At that moment his status was harmed when we did n't bring him in and all he wanted to do was protect his status. ” The American coach was furious saying Elmohamady did n't mention that Bradley had over 10 man-to-man conversations with him when he repeatedly told him to show what he 's worth to the national team . “ When you come here , you must prove yourself as a player and a man . I like Elmohamady , ” Bradley said . “ I 'm pleased that he is doing great in England . ”
But he has always questioned Elmohamady 's ability to switch gears to join his national teammates and show people that he is there for all the right reasons . The decision for Bradley was a difficult one as he did n't want it to look like that he singled out Elmohamady . “ After many conversations , I felt that in the final moment , he does n't bring the mentality we needed to fight in the second game , ” said Bradley .
When it comes to El-Hadary , Bradley said he was his number one ‘ keeper but when the veteran goalie was asked to improve in order to maintain that status , he did n't take it well and according to the coach , El-Hadary 's reaction weighed down negatively on the team 's well being .
Future plans
One would think Bradley would be looking for a less complicated job after what he has been through with the Pharaohs , but that does n't seem to be the case . He is looking forward to spending the holidays with his family but it wo n't be long until he is back in a coaching job . Bradley admitted that it is more likely to be on a club level rather than managing a national team . He exclusively revealed to King Fut that he has had talks with MLS side Vancouver Whitecaps as well as other clubs in Europe .
Emotional farewell
It was a special day , his last in Egypt – in what was a very special two years . Many emotions are still raw . The ecstasy of victory . The sour taste of defeat . The unanswered questions . The hope and expectations . The disbelief and despair .
These were Bradley 's final reflections on his time in Egypt : “ The reception that my wife and I received from the Egyptian people has been incredible . We 've made great friends , from all walks of life . People that will also stay with us for the rest of our lives .
“ The positive feeling we have from the players and from the Egyptian people , completely outweighs the negative stuff you had to deal with . ”
Moustafa El Chiati and the KingFut.com team are honoured to have had the final interview with Bob Bradley before his departure from Egypt . We wish him luck in his future endeavors .
article by Hadassah Egbedi via venturesafrica.com :
The growth of Africa 's comic culture has given rise to the likes of Comic Republic with superhero characters and lifestyles that Africans can finally relate with and the reception so far has been incredible . However , a young Cameroonian may just have taken this initiative to the next level . Madiba Olivier , who has always enjoyed video games , is now pioneering his own brand of games with African content and characters in central Africa by incorporating African folklore .
Olivier decided to invest in his passion by establishing Kiro ' o Games , central Africa 's first video game studio that is creating a new narrative and visual benchmark for the gaming industry . With their latest project , Aurion : Legacy of the Kori-Odan , an action-RPG ( Role Playing Game ) , the studio intends to unify and transmit African culture by combining various myths , tales and traditional values into the gaming experience .
“ The history of our continent is rich … we took inspiration from local Cameroonian traditions , like the Ngondo festival celebrated by the Sawa people , and we also incorporated symbolism adapted from that of the Akan people of Ghana , specifically the Adinkra writing style , ” said Olivier .
“ Aurion : Legacy of the Kori-Odan ” is set in a world of elemental energies and ancestral powers , where players assume the role of a traditional ruler , Enzo Kori-Odan , rightful ruler of the Zama kingdom , who uses the Aurion power granted him by his ancestors to regain control of his kingdom .
Initially named Madibao Corporation Studio , Kiro ' o Games was established in 2003 by Olivier Madiba with two of his friends , Yakan Dominique and Waffo Hugues . The name Kiro ' o is derived from “ kiroho maonno ” Swahili for “ spiritual vision. ” However , establishing and pioneering one of Central Africa 's first indigenous video games was not easy . Aside tackling daily power outages , the company 's business director , Boyogueno Roland , said it was quite difficult to get initial funding because investors were sceptical of the project .
“ We started the project in 2003 but it was very difficult for us to find funding in the first place , ” he said . But with the support of Cameroon 's ministry of arts and culture , Kiro ' o Games got the much-needed credibility it sought .
The project also got a successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter gaining $ 50,000 in support from backers . And regarding power cuts , the company has resorted to the use of solar energy for future projects . However , the company would like to gain more trust and support from local investors . According to Roland , the business can be profitable , and its success would encourage other Africans to delve into the gaming industry .
To read more , go to : http : //venturesafrica.com/kiroo-games-central-africas-first-gaming-studio-is-creating-games-with-a-combination-of-african-myths-tales-and-traditional-values/
Updated 12:50 p.m . ET
São Paulo - At least 16 people were electrocuted when a power line fell atop a packed pre-Carnival street parade in rural Brazil , police said Monday .
Witnesses reported a high-voltage power line sparked and fell on the dancing crowd after it was hit by metallic streamers commonly tossed during Brazil 's Carnival or by fireworks , police said , though the cause remained under investigation .
`` We have at least 16 dead , among them teenagers , '' said a police spokesman in the town of Bandeira do Sul in Minas Gerais state , north of Rio de Janeiro , where the accident happened Sunday night . `` Most were hit by the line but it 's possible the current passed from person to person because the crowd was so dense . ''
At least 54 other people were injured , some severely . Shortly after the accident , police said 17 people died , but they reduced that figure after conferring Monday with hospitals and morgues where victims were taken .
The partygoers were following a sound truck that was booming music when the accident happened in front of the town 's main plaza . Such street parties are common across Brazil in the days before and during Carnival , which officially opens Friday .
Television footage showed dazed people milling about the darkened square  the accident knocked out electricity and phone service to the entire town for at least six hours , the police spokesman said on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to discuss the case .
It is at least the third tragedy to hit Brazil 's Carnival festivities this year .
On Feb. 20 , a 21-year-old woman in Rio de Janeiro died after falling 13 feet from atop a Carnival sound truck in front of Copacabana beach , striking her head on the pavement .
On Feb. 7 , a major fire roared through warehouses in central Rio de Janeiro where major samba groups construct their massive floats , costumes and props used during the city 's elaborate parades televised across the nation . No deaths were reported in the blaze , but it destroyed months of work and caused millions of dollars in damage for three of the samba groups .
Langton 's Ant
A 4-state two-dimensional Turing machine invented in the 1980s . The ant starts out on a grid containing black and white cells , and then follows the following set of rules .
1 . If the ant is on a black square , it turns right and moves forward one unit .
2 . If the ant is on a white square , it turns left and moves forward one unit .
3 . When the ant leaves a square , it inverts the color .
When the ant is started on an empty grid , it eventually builds a `` highway '' that is a series of 104 steps that repeat indefinitely , each time displacing the ant two pixels vertically and horizontally . The plots above show the ant starting from a completely white grid after 386 ( left figure ) and ( right figure ) steps . In the right figure , the highway is being constructed towards the lower right-hand corner . The fact that the ant 's path is unbounded is guaranteed by the Cohen-Kung theorem . It is believed that no matter what initial pattern the ant is started on , it will eventually build a highway ( although it might in principle take an extremely long time to reach this point ) . This would appear to follow naturally from the fact that Langton 's ant is reversible , although it remains formally unproved ( Beermann and Van Foeken ) .
In 2009 , Benedetti posted a video of many behaviors .
ANTI-WHALING activist group Sea Shepherd says it has intercepted a Japanese whaling fleet using a military-style drone .
A Sea Shepherd Conservation Society spokesman reported they caught up with the fleet at 37 degrees south , 1600 kilometres from Antarctic waters yesterday morning .
Captain Paul Watson said it would be a long and arduous pursuit to reach the coast of Antarctica but by using the drone technology vast distances could be covered more quickly . '' We now have an advantage we have never had before - eyes in the sky , '' he said . '' We can cover hundreds of miles with these drones and they have proven to be valuable assets for this campaign . ''
The drone , named Nicole Montecalvo , was donated to Sea Shepherd 's Steve Irwin ship by Bayshore Recycling of New Jersey , and Moran Office of Maritime and Port Security , also of New Jersey .
The report comes as the opposition called on the Gillard government to seek an emergency injunction on whaling in the Southern Ocean .
Paper Wheels , the new album from Trey Anastasio is now available for pre-order at Trey 's store and Phish Dry-Goods . The album will be released on October 30th on Rubber Jungle Records/ATO Records . Recorded at The Barn and inspired by the immediacy of Stax-era recordings , Trey Anastasio recorded the songs live , often in one or two takes . Paper Wheels was co-produced by Bryce Goggin and Trey , and mixed by Elliot Scheiner ( Steely Dan , Van Morrison ) .
Paper Wheels will be offered as a deluxe limited edition that will include 180 gram 45 RPM 2x LP splatter vinyl and a die cut gatefold package with six unique sleeves . Only 4,000 of these special packages will be manufactured . A CD format and t-shirt bundles are also available for preorder . A preorder is now available at Trey 's store and Phish Dry Goods : http : //treyanastasio.shop.musictoday.com .
Trey Anastasio Band Fall Tour Announced
To celebrate the release of Paper Wheels , Trey Anastasio Band will embark on a short fall tour , kicking off with a two night stand at the Kings Theatre in Brooklyn on Oct 16th and 17th . The tour will then travel to the west coast and resume with two sold out shows night at Brooklyn Bowl in Las Vegas . The tour will conclude with a two night run at the Fillmore Auditorium in Denver .
Tickets for all shows will be available through a real time pre-sale beginning Thursday , August 27th at Noon ( eastern time ) and ending Wednesday , September 2nd at 5:00pm ( eastern time ) at http : //treytickets.shop.ticketstoday.com/
Tickets will go on sale to the general public beginning Thursday , September 3rd . Please visit Trey.com for specific on sale dates and times .
Trey Anastasio Band Fall Tour
October 16 – Kings Theatre , Brooklyn , NY
October 16 – Kings Theatre , Brooklyn , NY
October 30 – Brooklyn Bowl , Las Vegas , NV – SOLD OUT
October 31 – Brooklyn Bowl , Las Vegas , NV – SOLD OUT
November 1 – House Of Blues , San Diego , CA
November 4 – The Wiltern , Los Angeles , CA
November 6 – Fox Theatre , Oakland , CA
November 7 – Fox Theatre , Oakland , CA
November 9 – Crystal Ballroom , Portland , OR
November 10 – WAShowbox SODO , Seattle , WA
November 12 – The Depot , Salt Lake City , UT
November 13 – Fillmore Auditorium , Denver , CO
November 14 – Fillmore Auditorium , Denver , CO
Dangerously high levels of the industrial chemical melamine in powdered baby milk and other dairy products in China sparked worldwide safety concerns . The BBC looks at how the saga unfolded . Many Chinese milk products have been pulled from the shelves 10 Sept : China reveals that 14 babies fell ill in Gansu province over the previous two months . All drank the same brand of milk powder . Cases start being reported around China . 12 Sept 2008 : Sanlu Group admits that its milk powder was contaminated with the toxic chemical melamine . 13 Sept : Production halts at Sanlu Group . Nineteen people are arrested . 15 Sept : Beijing confirms two babies have died . Vice-president of the Sanlu Group apologises to the public . 19 Sept : Melamine is found in ordinary milk from three well-known dairies . One of the firms involved - Mengniu dairy - recalls all its products . 22 Sept : Toll of ill babies rises to 53,000 , and the death toll to at least four . The head of China 's quality watchdog resigns , becoming the first national leader to step down because of the scandal . 23 Sept : Countries across Asia start either to test Chinese dairy products or to pull them from shops . 26 Sept : The EU bans Chinese baby food with milk traces . Sales of the popular sweet White Rabbit are halted after tests detect melamine . The tainted milk scandal caused widespread public outrage 29 Sept : Cadbury recalls products in Asia after tests find traces of melamine . Reports say 22 people have been arrested in Hebei province , suspected of introducing melamine into the supply chain . 15 Oct : Nearly 6,000 infants remain in hospital across China suffering kidney diseases . Six are in a serious condition . 21 Oct : About 1,500 raccoon dogs bred for their fur on a farm in China die of kidney failure after eating feed tainted with melamine . 23 Oct : Six more people are arrested in connection with the tainted milk scandal . 26 Oct : Hong Kong authorities discover eggs produced by Dalian Hanwei Group contain melamine . They are pulled off the shelves . 30 Oct : Two more egg brands from Shanxi and Hubei provinces are found to contain melamine . 31 Oct : State media admit that melamine is probably being routinely added to Chinese animal feed . 2 Nov : A Chinese official insists the egg scandal is an individual case and clamps down on illegal producers of feed . 14 Nov : The US issues a nationwide `` import alert '' for Chinese-made food products . 18 Nov : The Chinese government allows the US to station officials in three cities to help ensure the safety of Chinese exports . 23 Dec : Sanlu files for bankruptcy . 26 Dec : Six men become the first to go on trial in China in connection with the scandal . They are accused of making and selling melamine . 27 Dec : Dairy firms involved in the scandal are to compensate the nearly 300,000 people affected , according to state media . 31 Dec : The trial of four Sanlu company executives begins . 2 Jan 2009 : 22 companies involved in the scandal apologise and ask for forgiveness in a New Year text message sent to millions of mobile phone users . 8 Jan : The death of a two-month-old boy after he consumed baby milk powder produced under new guidelines is investigated . 9 Jan : China says it has arrested 60 people in connection with the melamine scandal . 11 Jan : China says a total of 296,000 children had fallen ill from consuming milk products tainted with melamine . 16 Jan : Parents of first baby who died accept a 200,000-yuan ( $ 29,000 ; £21,000 ) pay-out from Sanlu milk company . 19 Jan : Reports reveal that 213 families whose children were made ill or died from tainted milk have petitioned the Supreme Court , demanding higher levels of compensation . 21 and 22 Jan : Sentences are handed out to 21 people in total , including Sanlu executives and milk producers and traders following their trials in Hebei province , where Sanlu was based . They range from two death sentences to long jail terms . 26 March : The Hebei Provincial Higher People 's Court upholds the sentences after appeals , including the death sentences . 24 November : Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping are executed . They were convicted of producing and selling hundreds of tonnes of melamine-laced milk and milk powder . 6 Jan 2010 : Prosecutors in Shanghai say three dairy executives are to go on trial for new cases of allegedly selling milk tainted with melamine . 25 Jan : Melamine-tainted milk products are pulled from the shelves of supermarkets in Guizhou province .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A computer rendering of SpaceX 's Falcon Heavy rocket launching toward space . SpaceX/YouTube
Update : In July , Elon Musk said on Twitter that the new maiden launch date for Falcon Heavy is in November .
Elon Musk has broken some tantalizing news about the biggest rocket ever built by his company SpaceX .
If the tech mogul 's plans hold , the new launch system , called Falcon Heavy , could lift off for the first time in just a few months .
The new 230-foot-tall rocket would combine the power of three smaller Falcon 9 rockets , using all 27 rocket engines to generate more than 5 million pounds of thrust at liftoff .
That 's enough oomph to put about 119,000 pounds , or a fully loaded 737 jet , into orbit . The new rocket could also send a small spaceship , two passengers , and other gear to the moon , totaling about one-third the mass that NASA 's Saturn V moon rocket could lug into space .
In fact , a privately funded journey around the moon is exactly what Musk hopes to pull off before the end of 2018 .
Musk 's response on Thursday to a Twitter user 's question about the three-rocket system included the most specific and up-to-date timing yet for the Falcon Heavy 's first launch :
There 's reason to be skeptical that Falcon Heavy will launch on time , however , since Musk has been known to miss deadlines and underestimate the difficulty of his endeavors .
For example , Falcon Heavy was originally supposed to launch for the first time in March . But an explosion on a launchpad in September , followed by a monthslong investigation and a temporary stand-down on launches , pushed the giant rocket 's inaugural launch back to the third quarter of 2017 .
But if SpaceX can pull off the launch , calling it a big advancement for spaceflight would be an understatement .
A reusable beast
An illustration of the Falcon Heavy 's three rocket cores separating . SpaceX/YouTube To blast off its Falcon Heavy rocket , SpaceX will strap two previously launched Falcon 9 boosters to the side of a new central rocket core .
After launch , the two side rockets would peel off and attempt to land themselves at Cape Canaveral , Florida , so they could be refurbished and reused for yet another launch .
The central core would continue flying for a little while and then detach from an upper-stage rocket , which would blast a payload into orbit . The core would then fall back toward Earth , land on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean , and also be recovered for reuse .
Nearly all rocket parts in history have fallen back to Earth as garbage . Musk hopes to break that expensive tradition by repeatedly launching , landing , and reusing his rocket parts . His hope is to reduce the enormous cost of launching things into space hundredfold and , later on , more than thousandfold .
Musk is the first to admit his plans are highly ambitious .
`` We will probably fly something really silly on Falcon Heavy because it is quite a high-risk mission , '' Musk said in March after the successful launch of the unprecedented SES-10 mission , which was the first to reuse a Falcon 9 booster .
The tech mogul has n't said what that silly payload might be , but his company did once launch a big wheel of cheese into orbit .
By Cory Woodroof
‘ Twas the night before football , when all through the land .
Not a Falcon was being fast or physical ; not even Coach Dan .
Dirty Bird hopes were up high , there joy to a twee ,
Surely this would be the season they 'd stop the joking about 28-3 .
Julio slept eagerly , Mo Sanu was catching “ Zs ” ,
Doing BeanTalk with Turbo while having his dreams ,
With Takk in his PJs , and Vic in his cap ,
The team just settled our in for a long Atlanta nap .
When out on Soldier Field there arose such a clatter ,
Matty Ice sprang from his bed to see what was the matter .
Away to the gridiron , he went very carefully ,
Like that time he avoided death at the hands of Nick Fairley .
The moon shone down on the pylons and the Chicago green ,
The MVP looked up , to see what was beyond the big screen .
When , what to his wondering eyes should be filled ,
But two dope boys , in a Cadillac , still .
Oh joy ! Here they came ! Two of the ATL 's best !
He knew in a moment it must be Outkast .
More rapidly than Julio out-running a Panther ,
Big Boi saluted the MVP , and yelled with such laughter !
“ Now , Ryan ! Now , Iceman ! Now , Mattural , listen !
The Patriots are terrible , the Saints , just big chickens !
All of us ATLiens cheer for you , from Peachtree to Buckhead ,
Now , get that stupid Super Bowl removed quickly from your head ! ”
“ Obviously , Shanahan should have run it , that much is certain ,
But , come on , a field goal could have missed , and Brady would have been lurking .
The collapse was inevitable , the media would have always been hounding ,
Of a Super Bowl Hangover , ” said Andre 3000 .
“ We 're over it , I promise , Dan Quinn wo n't allow this .
Those military training sessions really burned us out of it . ”
Andre looked to the leagues ' best QB and nodded with a smile
“ We 've got gifts that will help you move on for a while . ”
“ For Grady , Brady 's number , for it was already his from the start ,
And , Deion Jones , a gas mask , in case he catches wind of a Dontari Poe fart .
For Trufant , a bubble suit , for his health is of paramount need ,
And to Takk McKinley , a new bone , for his beloved dog Codeine .
“ For Jake Matthews , a big hug , for we know he could use one
How could someone so good at his job be that criticized under the sun ?
For Devonta and Tevin , a bike they can share
And to Duke Riley , new shampoo for his beautiful , flowing hair . ”
Big Boi then jumped in , to offer a few words so wise ,
He raised his eyebrow , and told Matt something to realize .
“ Look how far the team 's come , since the old routine ,
When we started literal garbage bags on defense , back in 2013 ”
“ Look , they were n't bad people , just bad on the field ,
Now we have competent players , full of aggression and zeal .
These guys on the team now how to win , on success , they always feed !
Did you see what Keanu Neal did to poor Willie Snead ?
“ So , Matt , here us say this , as the ambassadors to the city .
It 's time for the Birds to bounce back , that ring will be pretty . ”
Ryan nodded as Three Stacks and Daddy Fat Sax left in a flash
Their Caddy flying to park somewhere for the game , Soldier Field 's always bad for that .
The QB felt energized , it was time to fight back .
This was their year , he was sure about that .
But he heard Sir Lucious Left Foot exclaim , as they drove to the sky ,
“ Just remember , old friend , the Saints will once again go 7-9 ! ”
Note to Toronto city councilors as they begin what is expected to be lengthy and heated debates over the future of the East Gardiner Expressway today : There is no $ 500-million saving in tearing the expressway down and installing the Champs-Elysee !
The $ 500 million , touted by numerous politicians , activists and lobbyists , is non-existent , fictional , meaningless , a wrong number , a distraction , a propaganda point — a dead parrot .
First , councillors should know where the figure comes from . Consultants hired to estimate costs and benefits for the two main Gardiner options , Remove and Hybrid , began by estimating the costs and benefits of each proposal over 100 years .
First , they estimated what Removal would cost in roughly today 's dollars over the coming century : capital costs of $ 326 million plus operation and maintenance costs of $ 135 million , for a total of $ 461 million . The same calculation for the Hybrid option involves $ 414 million in capital costs and $ 505 million in operations and maintenance over the next 100 years , for a total of $ 919 million .
The difference between these two totals ( $ 919 million minus $ 461 million ) is $ 458 million . That number has been rounded to create the $ 500-million savings .
But it is a meaningless number . Nobody goes into a transaction adding up 100 years worth of costs measured in today 's dollars . That would be like looking at a $ 500,000 house and then adding in all the costs of maintaining it over 50 years — two roofings , a new set of windows , two kitchen refits , two bathroom renos , total redecoration of all rooms at mid-point , two basement renovations — and concluding that the price of the house is actually $ 1.2 million .
Nobody would do this because it would be stupid . The better way to calculate the long-term cost of projects is to estimate the “ net present value ” of all the future expenses . As the table nearby shows , the main reason the Hybrid option balloons to $ 919 million is the $ 505 million cost of maintaining the Gardiner over 100 years .
But that $ 505 million will not be spent for decades . City officials have not released the details , but they have said that future maintenance includes girder recoating in 10 years , deck concrete surface patch repair and waterproofing reinstatement in 35 years , and deck overlay in 65 years .
How much would the city have to put away today to pay for these and other costs over 100 years ? That question , a crude version of the economic issue , is what city staff answered when they used “ net present value ” analysis to determine the future cost of operating the Hybrid Gardiner over 100 years . The net present value of $ 505 million over 100 years : $ 76 million , described by city staff as “ the most reliable measure ” decision-makers should use .
Even $ 76 million might be low , since the calculations — based on a 4 % discount rate — were said to be accurate plus or minus 20 % .
There is no $ 500 million .
Overall , the real cost difference between Remove and Hybrid is insignificant to a city the size of Toronto — equal to 0.24 per cent of the city 's 10-year capital budget plan of more than $ 31 billion .
National Post
• Email : tcorcoran @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : terencecorcoran
TONY Abbott seems unwilling to explain how two wrongs make a right .
The Opposition Leader has been widely criticised after it was revealed on the weekend he had to repay more than $ 9000 in taxpayer funding in 2009 .
But Mr Abbott has not responded to the Daily 's request to explain how his excessive use of his travel expenses , including the use of official `` comcars '' , differs from the controversial Member for Fisher , Peter Slipper .
> > FULL TRANSCRIPT FROM TONY ABBOTT 'S PRESS CONFERENCE YESTERDAY HERE
Mr Slipper faced a detailed AFP probe and will now have to defend himself in a costly lawsuit over alleged misuse of $ 946 in entitlements .
He turned to Twitter to vent his frustration .
Thxs every1 4 your support over last 2 days . It means a lot 2 both my wife & me . We are mystified y T Abbott is given preferential treatment . — Peter Slipper MP ( @ PeterSlipperMP ) July 8 , 2013
He told the Daily he was frustrated by the `` double standards '' and again mentioned the Minchin protocol which normally guides the entitlement process .
This protocol , introduced by the Howard government , allows MPs to pay back or explain a possible misuse of entitlement when the amounts are minor .
Mr Abbott did not respond to the Daily 's query how Mr Slipper 's situation differed from his .
Instead , his media adviser said he had `` addressed this issue in his press conference today ( Tuesday ) '' .
The transcript ( below ) shows Mr Abbott refused to answer the question , claiming six times `` it was fully dealt with last year '' .
When pressed , he accuses Prime Minister Kevin Rudd of a dirt campaign against him .
`` I think I 've fully dealt with it , time to move on , '' he said .
In 2010 , Mr Abbott called for all members of parliament to be prudent and frugal in their use of entitlements .
At the time , he also pledged to cut government waste .
But the reports on an independent website now show only months earlier he was travelling at taxpayers ' expense to promote his book , Battlelines .
Member for Moreton Graham Perrett wrote to the AFP in May , asking it to speed up its probe into Mal Brough and other key politicians over `` Ashbygate '' .
Mr Perrett said yesterday he still had not received a response from the AFP .
He also questioned Mr Abbott 's misuses of entitlements . `` Injustice is screaming out here ... `` he said .
( Reuters ) - Dominion Energy Inc said on Thursday it would keep fighting to get the Connecticut legislature to include power from the company 's Millstone nuclear plant included in a state energy procurement plan .
But NRG Energy Inc vowed to fight Dominion 's proposal , calling it “ a cynical scheme that should not be rewarded . ”
The state has solicited power from renewable sources of generation to support environmental programs . Dominion has said including nuclear power in this program will help cut the state 's electricity costs , which are among the highest in the country .
“ We remain committed to work with Connecticut policymakers to address the issue of high electric rates in Connecticut and the future of Millstone in the current budget session , ” said Millstone spokesman Kenneth Holt .
But David Gaier , spokesman for NRG , said “ handouts to nuclear operators , whether direct subsidies or out-of-market contracts , will cost ratepayers billions more . ”
Connecticut legislators , who did not pass a budget by the end of June , are still trying to iron out tax and spending issues in a special session .
Millstone is among several nuclear plants in the U.S. Northeast and Midwest that could close before their licenses expire , as low wholesale power prices have squeezed profits .
In June , Dominion asked ISO New England , which operates the New England power grid , what options the company had if it decides to retire the plant . But Holt said the company has not yet made a decision .
The ISO said Dominion had already committed to generate power through May 2021 , but noted it could retire the reactors so long as the company provides energy from another source . Holt noted the company could also agree to pay a penalty .
“ Hanging the threat of closing a profitable plant on the pretext of financial distress is a cynical scheme that should not be rewarded , ” said Gaier . NRG has opposed proposals in half a dozen states to boost nuclear revenues .
Connecticut is one of several states exploring ways to keep reactors in service to preserve carbon-free energy , jobs , taxes and a more diverse power pool .
In 2016 , New York and Illinois adopted rules to subsidize some reactors that were in danger of closing due to generators run on cheap natural gas .
Ohio , Pennsylvania and New Jersey have also considered proposals to protect their reactors .
NRG , Dynegy Inc , Calpine Corp and other companies with natural gas-fired plants have challenged the New York and Illinois rules in federal court .
Hapless criminals had to abandon their attempt to steal a tractor off a farm after getting stuck in a muddy field during their getaway .
A Ford 5000 tractor , valued at £5,000 , was taken from inside a shed on a property in Bush Green , Great Ellingham , Norfolk , before being driven across a field where the thieves hit difficulties .
The recent wet weather made travelling conditions tough with the tractor only managing to make it halfway across the field .
See also : Read the latest news on rural crime in your area .
Undeterred , the criminals went back to the farmyard where they took a forklift truck . They also stole chains and lorry straps from a neighbouring company .
But despite their best efforts , when they returned to the 30-year-old tractor , they only managed to tow it to the other side of the field before abandoning it .
The forklift was then driven across to another gateway where it was also abandoned and they made their escape empty handed .
A spokesman from Norfolk Constabulary said there did not seem to be any damage to the tractor .
“ The only items that look as though they were damaged were the straps and the chains that were taken from a company adjacent to the farm , ” he added .
“ It may be the case that they felt they had been seen or it was just too much hard work so gave up . ”
The incident took place sometime between Friday 24 January and 6am Monday 27 January .
Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Cherie Smith at Thetford Police Station on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Report farm crime using our Crime Register .
Samsung Electronics and Advanced Micro Devices on Thursday revealed that the former will release its first displays featuring AMD 's FreeSync technology in March , 2015 . Initially there will be five monitors from Samsung that will take advantage of AMD 's screen synching technology , but eventually a lot of Samsung 's displays will support AMD 's FreeSync .
In March , 2015 , Samsung Electronics plans to launch the Samsung UD590 ( 23.6 ” and 28 ” models ) and the UE850 ( 23.6 ” , 27 ” and 31.5 ” models ) monitors with AMD 's FreeSync technology that dynamically synchronizes refresh rates of displays to the frame rate of AMD Radeon graphics adapters to reduce input latency and reduce or fully eliminate visual defects during gaming or video playback . Samsung did not reveal specifications of the monitors , but expect higher-end UD590 and UE850 models to support 4K UHD ( 3840 * 2160 ) resolution , whereas less advanced flavours to feature 1920 * 1080 or 2560 * 1440 resolutions .
Eventually AMD 's FreeSync ( and , possibly , VESA 's Adaptive Sync ) technology will be supported by all ultra-high-definition ( UHD ) displays from Samsung Electronics .
“ We are very pleased to adopt AMD FreeSync technology to our 2015 Samsung Electronics Visual Display division 's UHD monitor roadmap , which fully supports open standards , ” said Joe Chan , vice president of Samsung Electronics . “ With this technology , we believe users including gamers will be able to enjoy their videos and games to be played with smoother frame display without stuttering or tearing on their monitors . ”
In a order to support AMD 's FreeSync and VESA 's Adaptive Sync , monitors need to feature DisplayPort 1.2a input as well as a special scaler chip that supports appropriate technologies . Since three major makers of display scalers – Mstar , Novatek and Realtek – plan to release new chips that support AMD 's screen synching technology , it should not be a problem to build FreeSync-enabled displays in 2015 .
The first breed of FreeSync-compatible scalers from MStar , Novatek and Realtek will enable display manufacturers to produce monitors with FHD ( 1920 * 1080 ) and QHD ( 2560 * 1440 ) panels and up to 144Hz refresh rate as well as with 4K/UHD ( 3840 * 2160 ) panels with up to 60Hz refresh rate .
It should be noted that at present not all AMD Radeon graphics cards support the FreeSync ; only Radeon R7 260/260x as well as Radeon R9 285/290/290X do .
Discuss on our Facebook page , HERE .
KitGuru Says : Five monitors from one manufacturer with AMD FreeSync support is quite an achievement for AMD . At present competing technology from Nvidia – the G-Sync – is supported by less than 10 displays that are on the market .
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott , a Republican , just signed into law a series of anti-abortion measures , including one requiring women in the state to bury or cremate fetal remains from their abortions .
Abbott approved Senate Bill 8 on Tuesday . The law will also ban the donation of fetal tissue and punish those who help women access certain types of abortion procedures .
S.B . 8 forces women , who are already in the midst of a potentially traumatizing and invasive experience , to undergo extra steps to humanize their fetus . The hope , in the eyes of lawmakers , is that this regulation will make people more likely to reconsider their abortions and keep their fetuses , but I doubt that 's how it will pan out . People may leave the state to obtain the procedure , making everything even more complicated for them , or be forced to keep children they ca n't properly care for , which can lead to its own problems down the line .
The new law fits right in with the Christian Right 's Bible-based outlook , but not with reality in a nation that 's supposed to have a separation of church and state . Or at least policies based on sound evidence . These laws suggest women ca n't make decisions for themselves and need the government to steer them in a different direction . Furthermore , there 's no evidence this law will help anyone , and I 'm not the only one who has noted that .
The new law comes less than a year after the Supreme Court ruled that Texas can not enact abortion restrictions that place an “ undue burden ” on women seeking an abortion . According to the Texas Observer , the law 's critics and some supporters agree that SB8 is n't intended to advance women 's health , increasing the law 's chances of being challenged in court .
In addition to S.B . 8 , Abbott wants to ban private insurance plans from covering abortion while also banning abortion providers from getting money from the government . Abortion may be legal in this country , but Texas is doing everything it can to throw more barriers in the path of women trying to get one . It 's worth noting that all these regulations are being imposed by Republicans , who claim to fight for individual liberty and less government intrusion .
This is n't the first time Texas has tried to limit access to abortions , and it wo n't be the last . This law and those rumored to soon follow are part of a distinct pattern of Texas politicians trying to effectively ban abortion . And what happens then ? Historically speaking , back-alley abortion rates are likely to rise and the industry will go underground with less regulation than ever .
That 's what the “ pro-life ” side is working toward .
( Image via Shutterstock )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama achieved perhaps the greatest foreign policy victory of his six years in office on Thursday , when a Republican-backed effort to kill the Iran nuclear agreement was narrowly blocked in the U.S. Senate , clearing the way for the deal 's implementation .
Senator Dick Durbin ( D-IL ) ( R ) holds a copy of the letter Senate Republicans sent to Iran as he and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( D-NV ) speak after a vote failed to advance debate on a nuclear agreement with Iran on Capitol Hill in Washington September 10 , 2015 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Forty Democrats and two independents voted to block a resolution disapproving of the pact in the 100-member chamber , one more than the minimum needed to keep it from advancing .
“ This vote is a victory for diplomacy , for American national security , and for the safety and security of the world , ” Obama said in a statement after a vote he termed “ an historic step forward . ”
Senate Republicans insisted the fight was not over , however .
The Senate 's Republican majority leader , Mitch McConnell , immediately took steps to clear the way for the chamber to consider the matter again , hoping some Democrats would vote differently next time .
“ We 'll revisit the issue next week and see if maybe any folks want to change their minds , ” he said in a speech angrily denouncing the vote .
Under a law Obama signed in May , Congress has a 60-day period ending on Sept. 17 to pass a resolution disapproving of the international agreement .
If such a resolution were to pass , and survive Obama 's promised veto , it would bar the president from waiving many U.S. sanctions on Tehran , a key component of the nuclear deal .
But there was no sign any votes would change , and Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid bluntly responded , “ This matter is over with . ”
Reid urged McConnell to move on to other legislation , including bills providing long-term highway and transportation funding and urgent legislation to fund the government in the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 and avoid a government shutdown .
“ This is a situation where he 's ( McConnell ) lost the vote and it 's a situation where he is just not in touch with reality as it exists , ” Reid said .
The defeat came despite an intense $ 40 million lobbying campaign against the agreement , largely by conservative pro-Israel groups .
Although the nuclear deal was reached after two years of negotiations with Iran by the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China , the government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vociferously opposed the agreement . Netanyahu said the deal demanded too little from Iran in exchange for sanctions relief and would strengthen a country he sees as a threat to Israel 's existence .
HOUSE REPUBLICANS VOW TO FIGHT ON
Republican in the House of Representatives meanwhile pushed ahead with legislation critical of the nuclear accord . They raised the possibility of filing suit against Obama over the Iran deal or attaching Iran-related legislation to a bill funding the government .
“ This is a bad deal with decades-long consequences for the security of the American people and our allies . And we 'll use every tool at our disposal to stop , slow , and delay this agreement from being fully implemented , ” House Speaker John Boehner told a news conference .
Republicans are already using the Iran deal in campaigning against Democrats in the 2016 election . On Wednesday , Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz were among the headliners at a raucous anti-deal rally on the lawn of the U.S. Capitol .
But House Republicans split over how to handle the agreement , after weeks of marching in lockstep in opposition to the nuclear deal , announced on July 14 .
This week , as Democrats gathered more than enough votes to protect the nuclear deal , House Republicans came up with their own plan for three Iran-related votes after a rebellion by some of the party 's most conservative lawmakers .
On Thursday , House members voted strictly along party lines , with 245 Republicans voting yes and 186 Democrats voting no , to pass a resolution finding that Obama had not complied with terms of the Iran nuclear review act he signed in May .
Some Republicans argued that the 60-day window for reviewing the deal had never opened because Obama had not sent Congress details of what they termed “ secret side deals ” regarding inspections of Iran 's nuclear facilities .
The House was to vote on Friday on two other Iran-related measures , a resolution of approval of the Iran deal that Republicans hoped to defeat by a wide margin , and a separate one that would bar Obama from waiving sanctions .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
But none of the three would have a direct impact on the nuclear pact similar to that of a disapproval resolution , a mechanism outlined in the Iran review act .
The House has not scheduled a vote on its own resolution of disapproval . And there are no plans now for the Senate to vote on legislation similar to the three measures being considered in the House .
The 42 members of the Senate Democratic caucus who supported the nuclear deal on Thursday are also far more than the 34 senators whose votes would be needed to sustain an Obama veto .
The Question : What Should We Eat for Optimal Health and Weight ?
The Answer : Low Carb , High Fat
Low Carb Down Under has designed this website to help you to understand a Low Carb , High Fat approach to nutrition . The information provided here is based on strong science to allow you to develop your knowledge and skills to the level you need to make LCHF work for you .
We have a great collection of YouTube videos , books , news articles , scientific publications and recipes as well as a passionate and informed social media community . We also hold regular meetings around Australia and New Zealand with expert presenters to enhance your understanding of great nutrition .
We believe this to be essential information for your health , your family and your friends as well as the community as a whole in order to maintain great health and to be in great shape !
Quick Links : LCHF to Lose Weight LCHF for Diabetes Type 1 & 2 LCHF for Athletes
Dr. Peter Brukner on LCHF Prof. Tim Noakes and ‘ The Nutrition Revolution ‘
LCHF Doctors LCHF Dietitians
Radical shakeup of academic publishing will allow papers to be put online and be accessed by universities , firms and individuals
The government is to unveil controversial plans to make publicly funded scientific research immediately available for anyone to read for free by 2014 , in the most radical shakeup of academic publishing since the invention of the internet .
Under the scheme , research papers that describe work paid for by the British taxpayer will be free online for universities , companies and individuals to use for any purpose , wherever they are in the world .
In an interview with the Guardian before Monday 's announcement David Willetts , the universities and science minister , said he expected a full transformation to the open approach over the next two years .
The move reflects a groundswell of support for `` open access '' publishing among academics who have long protested that journal publishers make large profits by locking research behind online paywalls . `` If the taxpayer has paid for this research to happen , that work should n't be put behind a paywall before a British citizen can read it , '' Willetts said .
`` This will take time to build up , but within a couple of years we should see this fully feeding through . ''
He said he thought there would be `` massive '' economic benefits to making research open to everyone .
Though many academics will welcome the announcement , some scientists contacted by the Guardian were dismayed that the cost of the transition , which could reach £50m a year , must be covered by the existing science budget and that no new money would be found to fund the process . That could lead to less research and fewer valuable papers being published .
British universities now pay around £200m a year in subscription fees to journal publishers , but under the new scheme , authors will pay `` article processing charges '' ( APCs ) to have their papers peer reviewed , edited and made freely available online . The typical APC is around £2,000 per article .
Tensions between academics and the larger publishing companies have risen steeply in recent months as researchers have baulked at journal subscription charges their libraries were asked to pay .
More than 12,000 academics have boycotted the Dutch publisher Elsevier , in part of a broader campaign against the industry that has been called the `` academic spring '' .
The government 's decision is outlined in a formal response to recommendations made in a major report into open access publishing led by Professor Dame Janet Finch , a sociologist at Manchester University . Willetts said the government accepted all the proposals , except for a specific point on VAT that was under consideration at the Treasury .
Further impetus to open access is expected in coming days or weeks when the Higher Education Funding Council for England emphasises the need for research articles to be freely available when they are submitted for the Research Excellence Framework , which is used to determine how much research funding universities receive .
The Finch report strongly recommended so-called `` gold '' open access , which ensures the financial security of the journal publishers by essentially swapping their revenue from library budgets to science budgets . One alternative favoured by many academics , called `` green '' open access , allows researchers to make their papers freely available online after they have been accepted by journals . It is likely this would be fatal for publishers and also Britain 's learned societies , which survive through selling journal subscriptions .
`` There is a genuine value in academic publishing which has to be reflected and we think that is the case for gold open access , which includes APCs , '' Willetts told the Guardian . `` There is a transitional cost to go through , but it 's overall of benefit to our research community and there 's general acceptance it 's the right thing to do .
`` We accept that some of this cost will fall on the ring-fenced science budget , which is £4.6bn . In Finch 's highest estimation that will be 1 % of the science budget going to pay for gold open access , at least before we get to a new steady state , when we hope competition will bring down author charges and universities will make savings as they do n't have to pay so much in journal subscriptions , '' he added .
`` The real economic impact is we are throwing open , to academics , researchers , businesses and lay people , all the high quality research that is publicly funded . I think there 's a massive net economic benefit here way beyond any £50m from the science budget , '' Willetts said .
In making such a concerted move towards open access before other countries , Britain will be giving its research away free while still paying for access to articles from other countries .
Willetts said he hoped the EU would soon take the same path when it announced the next tranche of Horizon 2020 grants , which are available for projects that run from 2014 . The US already makes research funded by its National Institutes of Health open access , and is expected to make more of its publicly funded research freely available online .
Professor Adam Tickell , pro-vice chancellor of research and knowledge transfer at Birmingham University , and a member of the Finch working group , said he was glad the government had endorsed the recommendations , but warned there was a danger of Britain losing research projects in the uncertain transition to open access publishing .
`` If the EU and the US go in for open access in a big way , then we 'll move into this open access world with no doubt at all , and I strongly believe that in a decade that 's where we 'll be . But it 's the period of transition that 's the worry . The UK publishes only 6 % of global research , and the rest will remain behind a paywall , so we 'll still have to pay for a subscription , '' Tickell said .
`` I am very concerned that there are not any additional funds to pay for the transition , because the costs will fall disproportionately on the research intensive universities . There is n't the fat in the system that we can easily pay for that . '' The costs would lead to `` a reduction in research grants , or an effective charge on our income '' he said .
Another consequence of the shift could be a `` rationing '' of research papers from universities as competition for funds to publish papers intensifies . This could be harmful , Tickell said . For example , a study that finds no beneficial effect of a drug might be seen as negative results and go unpublished , he said .
Stevan Harnad , professor of electronics and computer science at Southampton University , said the government was facing an expensive bill in supporting gold open access over the green open access model .
He said UK universities and research funders had been leading the world in the movement towards `` green '' open access that requires researchers to self-archive their journal articles on the web , and make them free for all .
`` The Finch committee 's recommendations look superficially as if they are supporting open access , but in reality they are strongly biased in favour of the interests of the publishing industry over the interests of UK research , '' he said .
`` Instead of recommending that the UK build on its historic lead in providing cost-free green open access , the committee has recommended spending a great deal of extra money — scarce research money — to pay publishers for `` gold open access publishing . If the Finch committee recommendations are heeded , as David Willetts now proposes , the UK will lose both its global lead in open access and a great deal of public money — and worldwide open access will be set back at least a decade , '' he said .
The Center for Applied Rationality is running two more four-day workshops : Jan 25-28 and March 1-4 in the SF bay area . Like the previous workshop , these sessions are targeted at ambitious , analytic people who have broad intellectual interests , and who care about making real-world projects work . Less Wrong veterans and Less Wrong newcomers alike are welcome : as discussed below , we are intentionally bringing together folks with varied backgrounds and skill bases .
Workshop details :
The gist :
We 're trying to improve people 's rational agency - turn the evolutionary kludge that is a human being into something more like an entity that has goals and actually acts on them . We 'll give you tools for becoming more like Kipling 's If ( or HPMOR 's Harry Potter ) ; one exercise , insight , or habit at a time .
For a more detailed picture , see the schedule from our last workshop ( which is close to our Friday through Sunday schedule , though we 'll be making some optimizations ) , and our list of applied rationality habits .
The logistics :
25 participants : smart , varied , practical , bringing a variety of competencies to the table
3 days of intensive course sessions , all hands-on , exercise-intensive , and performed in small groups ( Friday through Sunday ; it 's recommended that folks arrive on site Thursday evening )
1 optional , but strongly recommended , day of intensive practice ( Monday )
6 weeks of one-on-one Skype and email follow-up , as you solidify your new habits and and apply them to your business or personal life .
A lifetime of membership in the alumni community , and connections to others with whom you can explore and collaborate for the long haul .
The workshop costs $ 3,900 for the full four days , or $ 3,400 if you stay only Friday through Sunday ; some financial aid is available . [ 1 ]
Why we 're running broad workshops , and extending beyond the LW crowd :
CFAR 's purpose is creating a more reliable art of rationality - an art that includes LW-style epistemic rationality as part of a larger , more practical toolbox ; communicated and practiced in a way that can genuinely change people .
Entrepreneurs are a highly fertile ground for developing this art . Entrepreneurs are picky , articulate , and have cross-domain real-world competencies ( “ business skills ” , “ productivity skills ” ) that can fuse with an art of rationality . A diverse group that includes entrepreneurs , hackers , LWers , and ambitious folk of other stripes is probably better still .
Less Wrong is where most of us got started as rationalists ; I personally owe it a tremendous amount . I 'll be excited , this summer , when we run further camps targeted just at LW-ers [ 2 ] -- camps that can take the Sequences as a starting point , and can grow the base of folks highly skilled in epistemic rationality and interested in this larger art . But a CFAR which creates its rationality curriculum in contact with a wide range of talented / competent people will create a stronger rationality , long-term .
Who should apply ?
Anyone who thinks the habits list and schedule sound awesome , and who wants to internalize these skills through systematic , structured practice in the company of talented friends and practiced teachers . Anyone wants to infuse epistemic rationality and instrumental agency into their habits , concepts , and actions . Anyone who wants to join a community of smart , practical folk refining more effective thinking patterns .
And please recommend this workshop to any ambitious , analytic friends .
Who should n't attend ?
These two workshops wo n't be suited for everyone . You probably should n't attend if :
1 . You care a lot about professional polish . ( One person left early from the last camp ; he said his main disappointment was that he expected an organized operation with suits . )
2 . You hate being near people . ( Participants live on site , often in shared rooms , to facilitate conversations and community ; room and board is included . Many report learning more from the informal conversations in the evening than from the sessions -- the sessions are set up to provoke conversation , and the group is chosen to help each other think and change . )
3 . You do n't want to try anything that has n't been tested in scientific studies . ( We aim ultimately to have a curriculum that has been carefully tested . We randomized admissions to June minicamp so that we can track the June mini campers vs. a set of matched controls , and we 'll do similar studies going forward . But for the moment , the academic literature just does n't have enough work on debiasing for the peer-reviewed interventions to form a curriculum , and where previous experiments leave off , we 're running on science-literate priors , informal experimentation , and plural anecdote - which is to say , informed guesswork . )
4 . You need a finished product . ( We 're still developing our curriculum and you 'll be a live test , though not the first live test . On the upside , alumni already find it highly useful ( see below ) , and you get to leave your stamp in the curriculum as it grows . You 'll be participating in something raw and alive . )
Who should n't not-apply ?
Following Paul Graham , I 'll conclude with some reasons not to not-apply .
One reason not to not-apply is that you 'd need financial aid . If the workshops sound awesome but you ca n't afford it , please take ten minutes ( preferably now ) and fill out our application form anyway . We will give out some partial scholarships . And even if you do n't get one , what 's the cost ? You 'll have a 15-minute interesting conversation ( our interviews ) , and we may get a chance to revisit your application in the future , when we have more sources of financial aid .
Similarly , if the workshops sound awesome but you 're afraid you wo n't get in , do apply . ( Even if you applied to a previous workshop and did n't get in . ) The application is quick and interesting , and what do you have to lose ?
Another reason not to not-apply is that you already have a long list of habits to work on . Sometimes people think that because they already have a stack of productivity books to read , or habits that ought to help but which they 've yet to implement , they should n't come to the workshop - why add yet more habits to their `` to implement '' list ? But this workshop will teach skills and provide social support for habit formation - we expect to substantially speed your progress through your existing “ to learn ” list . Plus , discover the wonders of arithmetic for estimating which habit-shifts will help most - you 'll be surprised at the surprisingness of some numerical answers .
Finally , if you 'd be happy to pay for workshops that are what we say these are , but you do n't quite trust us - there 's a money-back guarantee ; we 're willing to bet that this will boost your earning power and/or well-being by far more than the cost . We 've followed through on this before , and accept that as a cost of doing business . If you 're not certain of the benefit , do apply - we 're willing to take on the risk ourselves .
Further information :
For more info about the workshops , check out :
Workshop application form here ( takes at most 10 minutes ; productivity heuristics say you should do such small tasks immediately ) .
[ 1 ] If you 'd like help to talk to your company about subsidizing your workshop attendance , send me an email : anna at appliedrationality dot org .
[ 2 ] Wondering whether to attend these workshops or wait for a LWer-specific workshop ? The answer depends partly on which timing works well for you ( the sooner you come , the sooner you can start changing things ) , and partly on who you want to hang out with . Want to discuss quantum mechanics and the simulation argument ? An LW-specific workshop may bring more of a sense of homecoming for those who loved the Sequences . The January and March workshops will duplicate the audience mix of the November entrepreneurial workshop , which had better social and productivity skills and better practical advice .
[ ! ] Bonus footnote : We may be hiring another teacher / curriculum developer . If you 're interested , do apply . Please apply even if I already know you . Job application here .
2010 was the year in which I first heard about Nolet 's Reserve gin . I heard about this legendary Dutch gin , wrapped in a golden label , protecting a bottle of the rarest of botanicals and the most carefully crafted distillations the gin world had ever known . This gin possessed a sort of far off , mystical quality to its existence . Also , I heard of its price tag . 700 dollars ? ! I must admit that I was both intrigued and skeptical .
Generally , when one sees an extremely expensive liqueur , one can assume that the pricing is largely due to the aging of the spirit . Aging a spirit requires many resources , including space and time ; both of which contribute to cost . Many distilleries are taxed for shelved products , year after year as their products age , further driving up cost . Traditionally , these factors contribute to the pricing of many spirits on the market , including whiskey , rum , fine liqueurs , and many others . However , these factors do not normally affect the pricing of gin . Gin : the lovely neutral distilled spirit , flavored with juniper berries , is not , traditionally , a spirit intended to be consumed beyond thirty years , or so , after its distillation . So , how can the Nolet 's Reserve claim a $ 699.99 price tag on a 750ml bottle of a spirit that is unaged ? Curious to identify the rationale behind all of this mysticism , I performed some rudimentary research into Nolet 's .
The Nolet Family of Schiedam Holland has been continually distilling since 1691 ; over 300 years of distilling history , which nearly covers the entire spectrum of time since gin was born as a variation of Dutch geniever . With this nugget of historical knowledge , I figured , well , if anyone was going to produce the world 's most expensive spirit in this category , the Nolet Family has the birth right to do so . Another interesting tidbit of knowledge is that the Nolet family is responsible for creating a very popular premium vodka : Ketel One . Ketel , released in the early 1980s , is one of the world 's top selling high-end vodkas . Ok , so the company has a history that dates back as far as gin goes and a solid record of product success . I guess I am starting to see the picture , at least a little .
My next thought was that , if I could ever get my hands on a bottle of the Reserve , I would first want to match its quality against a , comparatively , lower end version of Nolet 's gin : the Nolet 's Silver , which is valued at approximately $ 50 per 750ml bottle , making it among the most expensive gins on the shelf at my bar , Wisdom . It is also one of my favorite gins on the market . Nolet 's Silver is a product of the Nolet family 's 11th generation and is a floral forward gin made with peach , raspberry , and Turkish Rose , yet it retains a noticeable and vibrant juniper backbone . It is excellent . The Nolet Reserve is the brainchild of Carolus Nolet Sr. and is regarded as the flagship product of the Nolet 's business .
Alright fine , so the family may have legitimate history behind this flagship product and their overall brand , but still , $ 700 a bottle ? Almost $ 30 an ounce at cost ? If you were lucky enough to find a bar that carried it to sample it , the normal markup ( 20-25 % of cost ) would dictate $ 120- $ 150 per ounce . Damn . I could drink premium all night for myself plus a couple of friends for that price . So , how does someone like me justify this purchase ? Yes , I own three bars , but I live like a Buddhist as a result , so…in reality , my bars own me . I 'm the stereotypical entrepreneur working way too many hours a week , never taking time off , and regularly day-dreaming of taking a real vacation some day . I 'd get to the Nolet 's Reserve in due time . Well , as it turns out , the time was due before I knew it was , the universe stepped in and answered my need–my staff surprised me with a bottle of the Nolet 's Reserve last October for Wisdom 's four year anniversary ! This was truly the most amazing gift I have ever received–and quite humbling , as a boss , to get this quality of respect and recognition from among the staff , especially in the perennially nomadic industry in which we work and play . I was very grateful to my team and , of course , excited about the opportunity to explore one of the prime subjects of my gin intrigue for these last few years .
I stared at the golden box for over a year–scared to break the seal . My instructions for my roommate have been made clear : should the place catch fire , grab the dog and the Nolet 's Reserve , leave everything else . Finally , the milestone I had been waiting for had arrived : the five year anniversary of the opening of Wisdom : my first business . My family from Colorado had come into town too , setting the stage for a christening . After an excellent meal , myself and the other taste explorers set out to my closed bar for the unleashing .
I carefully cracked open the seal . A thought passed that made me laugh–what if it was just water inside ? Perhaps this was just a hoax from the staff that I thought respected me so much ? Ha ! Alas , it was open and the bouquet hit me . The 52.3 % -104.6 proof spirit immediately reminded me of the floral forward cousin of which I was familiar : the Nolet 's Silver . We poured and added a cube of ice and tasted . Eventually , some bottled water was added . I have never tasted an unaged spirit at such a high proof . It was astoundingly soft yet thick , blanketing the tongue , yet not overwhelming it . The nerd in me admits that my first thought , at this point , was that this was clearly the type of gin that the elves from the Lord of the Rings would have sipped . It had a golden hue with saffron and verbena notes and delicate subtle complexity– definitely a sipping gin . One thing is for sure : this gin can not be mixed with any vermouth or really anything for that matter . It is wise to reduce the strength with a touch of good , clean water just to open up the true flavor . Ah , so impressive . I believe this may be the finest spirit I have ever tasted . Exceptional .
Ok , so , was this unicorn water 14x better than the Nolet 's Silver , as the price would suggest ? Well , no , not exactly . I make the assumption that the cost is related to several unique factors though . One is likely to be the small size of the heart of the batch , taken during distillation , resulting in a dramatically smaller yield of product , which would inevitably contribute to a much higher price–but that one is just an educated guess . Another is that Nolet 's Master Distiller handpicks the botanicals and personally crafts the spirit , which certainly adds to the price . A third is that the Nolet 's Reserve includes saffron as a prime botanical ( the most expensive spice on the planet–more expensive than gold ) .
Ok , so this is an absolutely incredible gin . Traditionally , I personally prefer mixing gins where the botanicals can pop and shine when shaken with other worthy elements ; I simply love the subtle surprises that emerge in the mixing of the elements too much to deny that therein lies my focus and passion when it comes to gin . However , the Nolet 's Reserve gin , on its own , is legendarily delectable . In my humble opinion , it is deserving of the mysticism that surrounds its existence , and it is worthy of a price tag that accurately reflects its rarity . Sip on .
WXII-TV Caleb Taylor re-enacts how he unbuckled his seat belt , crawled into the front seat , steered the car to the side of the road and shut it off when his mom would n't respond .
A 5-year-old North Carolina boy wants to be called `` Caleb Batman '' after he took control of the family car and steered it to safety when his mom suffered a seizure at the wheel .
As his mom was having the attack , Caleb Taylor unbuckled his seat belt , crawled into the front seat , steered the car to the side of the road , and shut it off when his mom would n't respond as they were driving near their home Tuesday in Madison , NBC station WXII of Winston-Salem reported .
A passerby called 911 and tended to Sandra Taylor , who is recovering at home .
Video on WXII-TV : 5-year-old safely stops car after mom has seizure in Rockingham County
Sandra Taylor told WSOC-TV of Charlotte that Caleb was buckled into a car seat in the back when she had the seizure near their home in central North Carolina not far from the Virginia border .
`` I was asleep . I was taking a nap , and I just woke up , '' Caleb told WSOC . `` Then I saw her not driving . ''
When his mom did n't respond , `` I unbuckled and turned the car off , '' he said .
Caleb put the car in neutral , pulled the keys from the ignition and ran for help , even though `` I was pretty scared , '' he said .
Dad Robert Taylor said he 'd taught Caleb to do that if he was ever in trouble .
`` I 've always told him if a car runs away , turn the ignition off . If something happens , turn the wheel , turn the ignition off , '' said Taylor , who told WXII that Caleb `` knows how to start a car and hold a steering wheel . ''
Even so , he said , `` it 's just a miracle of the Lord that he was there at the right place at the right time to give him the strength and the courage to know what to do . ''
Taylor said he told his son , `` You are my hero . ''
In that case , Caleb told WXII , he wants to be called `` Caleb Batman . ''
Follow M. Alex Johnson on Twitter and Facebook .
In his first televised interviews since Friday 's release of internal DNC emails by Wikileaks and Hillary Clinton 's choice of Sen. Tim Kaine as running mate , Bernie Sanders responded Sunday morning by saying he was troubled , though not at all surprised , by what the leaks reveal and refused to call Kaine `` progressive '' while explaining he would have much preferred someone like Sen. Elizabeth Warren on the ticket .
Regarding the leaked emails—which many believe show proof of how the Democratic National Committee was putting its `` thumb on the scale '' for the Clinton campaign—Sanders told Chuck Todd of Meet The Press , `` This really does not come as a shock to me or my supporters . ''
He made similar comments on ABC 's `` This Week '' with George Stephanapoulos . `` I 'm not shocked , '' Sanders said , `` but I am disappointed . ''
Watch :
`` It 's what we talked about six months ago , '' Sanders said on CNN 's `` State of the Union '' with Jake Tapper . `` There 's no question in my mind , and no question in any objective observer 's mind , that the DNC was supporting Hillary Clinton and was in opposition to our campaign . ''
That he knew this early on , Sanders continued , is why he called for DNC chairperson Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to step down from her leadership role in the party . His reasoning for continuing that call now , he said , is not just because of the `` prejudice '' that DNC operatives showed throughout the campaign , but `` because I think we need new leadership of the Democratic Party that is going to open up that party to working people and to young people—to have that kind of vitality we need to not only win the presidency , but also gain control of the Senate and the House as well . ''
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
On Saturday , as Common Dreams reports , Sanders ' campaign manager Jeff Weaver said DNC officials must be held to account for their behavior during the campaign .
Regarding Clinton 's choice for vice president , Sanders explained that though he knows Kaine as `` a very smart guy and a very nice guy '' from their work together in the Senate , his `` political views are not my political views . '' Noting that many of Sanders ' supporters spent the weekend expressing disappointment with Clinton 's choice , NBC 's Chuck Todd specifically ask Sanders if he considered Kaine `` progressive '' or not .
`` He is more conservative that I am , '' Sanders responded . `` Would I have preferred to see someone like [ Senator from Massachusetts ] Elizabeth Warren selected by Secretary Clinton ? Yes I would have . ''
With widespread concern that Sanders supporters will not throw their weight behind the Clinton candidacy , Sanders made clear during Sunday 's round of interviews that despite his quarrels and criticisms with the DNC , his primary focus at this point is defeating the Repulican presidential nominee Donald Trump . `` I think by temperament he is unqualified to be president , '' Sanders said . `` You have a guy running for president who rejects science—does n't even believe climat change is real , let alone wants to do something about it . ''
Courtesy of the DNC 's YouTube channel , you can watch the whole MTP interview with Sanders below :
Another day , another delay . Not content with nearly two dozen unilateral changes to the health care law -- many of quite dubious legality -- the administration yesterday announced yet another delay to Obamacare . [ 1 ] This newest delay will permit members of non-qualified health plans in the non-group market to keep them for another two years ( through 2016 ) . Got that ? Even though he signed a law banning such plans starting January 1 , 2014 , President Obama has unilaterally granted permission to extend the life of plans persistently derided by various administration spokespeople ( including the president himself ) as `` substandard , '' `` cut-rate , '' or `` junk '' plans offered by `` bad apple '' insurers . [ 2 ]
Conservatives such as myself are ambivalent about this latest delay . On the one hand , we have been arguing for years that a delay in implementing this misguided law was advisable . While we are not exactly moving at light speed , we are on a freight train moving in exactly the opposite direction of where our health system needs to head -- away from patient-centered control of decision-making in the direction of highly centralized control of such matters . Thus , anything that slows down this train arguably is a good thing ( though admittedly some conservatives demur on this point ) . But no conservative I know thinks it 's a good idea to flout the law and the Constitution . Unlike the first reprieve for cancelled plans , for which one might have made a case for expediency ( the botched rollout of the Exchanges having put way too many people in the position of literally being unable to replace cancelled coverage in a timely fashion ) , this newest delay is transparently political . The original delay would have meant a brand-new wave of controversial health plan cancellations right in the middle of the 2014 elections . As one industry expert told The Hill : “ I do n't see how they could have a bunch of these announcements going out in September ... Not when they 're trying to defend the Senate and keep their losses at a minimum in the House . This is not something to have out there right before the election . ”
Ironically , even though we have a decade 's worth of public declarations by Barack Obama that he favors a single payer health care , the lawless manner in which he is implementing the new law is also becoming one of the strongest arguments against trying to `` transition '' to the single payer system he favors .
Is President Obama Really a Progressive Fascist ?
My AEI colleague , Jonah Goldberg , has written brilliantly and eloquently about `` liberal fascism , '' taking 24 pages to explain the intimate connection between fascism and progressivism . He notes that the term originally was coined as a badge of honor by H.G . Wells in 1932 in a speech to Oxford University 's Young Liberals in which he he encouraged them to become `` liberal fascists '' and `` enlightened Nazis . '' Mr. Goldberg correctly characterizes modern liberalism as an `` ideology of good intentions '' and goes on to define fascism as :
a religion of the state . It assumes the organic unity of the body politic and longs for a national leader attuned to the will of the people . It is totalitarian in that it views everything as political and holds that any action by the state is justified to achieve the common good . It takes responsibility for all aspects of life , including our health and well-being , and seeks to impose uniformity of thought and action , whether by force or through regulation and social pressure ( p. 22 ) .
To be sure , many argue that President Obama is not a progressive , but instead a very pragmatic politician . However , after his 2012 re-election , the president appears to have been more willing to reveal his natural temperament . David Corn ( whose progressive credentials presumably are above reproach ) wrote glowingly on the 2013 State of the Union address , which presented a powerful progressive agenda .
There 's no question President Obama deliberately eschewed explicit pursuit of a single payer health plan and also abandoned the public option purely for reasons of political expediency . However , I have seen no evidence whatsoever that he has altered his core belief that single payer health care would be the best ending point for the U.S. health care system even if it might take 10 to 20 years to get there . We all would do well to remember that political expediency led candidate Obama to roundly criticize the individual mandate during the Democratic primary , a position he quickly abandoned once he got into office . If there 's anything we now should know about this president is that he will do or say anything -- truthful or not -- to get the public to accede to his desired policy prescriptions ( however misguided ) .
How a Lawless Rollout Undermines the Case for Single Payer Health Care
To date , there have been 37 significant changes to the law . No one disputes the legitimacy of the 15 changes approved by Congress and signed into law . Two other changes made by the Supreme Court also were of contested legitimacy , but the president can not be blamed for this . But more than half of the significant changes came in the form of unilateral administration actions for which the president and his advisors should be held to account . Not only did many of these violate the letter of the law as written , they also were carried out with procedures that violated the decades-old Administrative Procedures Act ( e.g. , lack of notice , failure to secure public comments ) . A recent letter from the National Federation of Independent Business to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen nicely codifies concrete illustrations of these various violations .
Of course , Obamacare is not the only domain in which the former constitutional law lecturer from University of Chicago has exercised his rather muscular view of the powers of the presidency . Even progressive law professor Jonathan Turley views this presidential unilateralism as `` very dangerous '' to American liberty , characterizing his `` usurpation of authority '' as unprecedented in American history .
The president and his supporters well recognize that as Charles Krauthammer has pithily put it , Obamacare 's `` unraveling would catastrophically undermine their underlying ideology of ever-expansive central government providing cradle-to-grave care for an ever-grateful citizenry . '' For that reason , he has been unrelenting and unhesitating in his willingness to do what it takes ( some have characterized this as `` making up Obamacare as he goes along '' ) to get the law firmly embedded . As one critic observed more than three years ago : `` ObamaCare was designed to be the governmental equivalent of kudzu—growing everywhere , propagating by multiple means , and sinking in its roots and becoming impossible to control . '' Everything we 've seen in the implementation of the law is consistent with this view . Even though common sense would have dictated delaying the Exchanges for a full year in light of the woeful state of the system 's unreadiness , the administration instead plunged full speed ahead , essentially making some special accomodations for some passengers to hop onto the train a few stations further down the line than originally planned . This reckless haste was against the recommendation of CMS 's top cybersecurity official , putting millions of Exchange members at risk of identity theft .
And it perfectly illustrates what happens when politics gets introduced into health care . What should be solid business or personal decisions get hijacked into political decisions . What 's good for politics way too often is not very good for policy or the people policy is supposed to help . Having the president unilaterally declare extensions of the employer mandate without statutory authorization may be good politics , but it 's terrible policy , creating enormous uncertainty for employers . One labor lawyer says the delay will give low-paid workers ( who will be eligible for generous federal subsidies to buy health insurance in 2014 ) possible grounds to sue their employers in 2015 . Seasoned political observer Michael Barone has noted that because the delays were not codified in a statute , there is nothing to stop a future president from retroactively collecting employer penalties owed during the transition relief period .
But if so much is at the whim of the president -- especially one so transparently willing to play politics when it comes to exercising his `` discretionary '' author -- who would favor seeing such arbitrary and capricious power extended even further under a single payer system ? After all , if a president can lopsidedly distribute various subsidies and waivers to favored political groups such as unions [ 3 ] what is to stop a future president from doing the same under a single payer system ? If a president can unilaterally decide to waive the law ( whether for a year or longer ) for one group of employers while enforcing it for a different group ( even though the law provides no such distinction ) , what is to stop a future president from deciding a single payer law will apply differently to one favored group ( e.g. , city-dwellers , single women or a particular ethnic group ) compared to others ? [ 4 ] If a president can unilaterally opt not to enforce certain provisions of the law on grounds they are not politically expedient ( e.g. , stringent payment restrictions on providers such as the Sustainable Growth Formula embedded in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 ) what is to stop a future president from clawing back the `` excess payments '' on grounds they were made in contravention to statutory law ?
Look , there are plenty of reasons single payer is a really bad idea . But the shamelessly politicized and too often lawless rollout of Obamacare has given one more solid argument against trying to steer the American health care system onto a single payer track . Single payer sounds great to progressive fascists like Barack Obama . But to most Americans , it is a dead end destination .
READ CHRIS ' BOOK , The American Health Economy Illustrated ( AEI Press , 2012 ) , available at Amazon and other major retailers . Follow @ ConoverChris on Twitter , and The Apothecary on Facebook . Or , sign up to receive a weekly e-mail digest of articles from The Apothecary .
INVESTORS ' NOTE : The biggest publicly-traded players in Obamacare 's health insurance exchanges are Aetna ( NYSE : AET ) , Humana ( NYSE : HUM ) , Cigna ( NYSE : CI ) , Molina ( NYSE : MOH ) , WellPoint ( NYSE : WLP ) , and Centene ( NYSE : CNC ) , in order of the number of uninsured exchange-eligible Americans for whom their plans are available .
Footnotes
[ 1 ] As of March 5 , Galen Institute has catalogued a total of 37 significant changes to the law . Of these , only 40 % ( 15 ) were approved by Congress and signed into law and 2 were made by the Supreme Court . The remaining 20 , including the latest delay , were all made by unilateral administrative actions .
[ 2 ] Remember that on November 14 , 2013 , in the face of a firestorm of protest over millions of cancelled policies , the president already had asked health insurance companies to allow individuals whose current plans have been canceled due to the ACA to renew them for a year . More than half the states elected to permit insurers to provide this temporary extension of cancelled plans through 2014 , although it should be noted that this does not mean that every insurer in such states elected to do so . The newest delay simply extends this reprieve for one additional year .
[ 3 ] Of mini-med waivers affecting roughly 4 million individuals , 58 % of those benefiting from such waivers were labor union members , a pattern of favoritism towards political allies that was replicated in the distribution of $ 5 billion in taxpayer funds under the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program ( where public employee union plans accounted for 47 percent of plans given assistance , while private unions accounted for another 10 percent ) . Only 11.3 % of U.S. wage and salary workers are union members .
[ 4 ] In rules issued on February 12 , the employer mandate was delayed until 2016 for employers under 100 full-time equivalent workers , while those with 100 or more FTE workers were expected to adhere to the mandate beginning in 2015 . The letter of the statute provides for no such distinction : the employer mandate was required to be enforced for all firms with 50 or more FTE workers beginning January 1 .
I first came across Rick Roderick 's lecture series , Self Under Siege—Philosophy in the 20th Century , at the end of a long , disillusioning study session in graduate school . YouTube 's thumbnail image of the bearded , drably attired man crouching over a rigid dais suggested a mild tedium wildly incommensurate with the actual experience of watching the video . Rather than the lucid , studied intensity and sublime hilarity Roderick enacted in his talk , I expected something dryly informative that might compensate for the unwarranted neglect of proper book-learning I had assumed . Roderick 's thick West Texas accent ( he was originally from Abilene ) and casual references to fast-food chains , daytime talk shows and the like proved difficult to reconcile with the fact that he was primarily talking about very dense , even abstruse critical theory—the kind that only the erudite or severely pretentious claim to meaningfully understand . Roderick , however , had an obvious gift for demystifying the most enigmatic philosophy even for a layman audience ; and seemingly without having to dilute or misappropriate the discipline 's denser elaborations . This lecturing style of nuance sans pontification truly was a breath of fresh air . What puzzled me most about this was how someone performing such a feat could look like , talk like , and think like a West Texan , even to the point of seeming like a caricature . My own expectations about the cultural mold a gifted philosophical mind must fit into clearly needed some sober re-evaluation , despite what that reflection might illuminate about my pretentions and prejudices . A careful study of this treasure-trove of lectures that I mistakenly discovered in a moment of lethargy seemed to be the only way to examine these expectations and understand why someone radically folksier than me could exact much greater eloquence and efficiency of meaning .
I think Roderick 's term “ self under siege ” is best understood as having an elastic meaning . It refers to economic , political , and cultural forces that he sees making peace of mind and a stable sense of identity elusive . But the phrase also seems to have a performative element to it . I find Roderick most compelling when he performs as a “ self under siege , ” when his own sense of exasperation with the world around him becomes palpable ; when he becomes less a disseminator of ideas and a more dramatic expression of ideas being lived . A sublime example of this performance comes when Roderick discusses the ubiquity of advertising in a lecture called “ Sartre and the Roads to Freedom ” :
Now this is funny , but in a way it 's not funny . I mean it 's , like , if Christ came back , he 'd get a deal with Nike . I mean , why mess with , you know , twelve fishermen ? I mean , get a deal with Nike ! This is the self under siege , this is a world transformed , and believe me…believe me…well , you do n't have to believe me , I mean , hell . . .
Roderick 's incoherent sense of timing , his acute colloquialism , his gift for making hyperbole seem like an understatement : these all elevate the subject above an abstraction . He 's too incensed to avoid speaking in contradictory fragments . His low-brow cultural references , though , often do justice to complex subjects . Here is how Roderick summarizes Immanuel Kant 's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals :
Always treat other people as an end , and never as a mere means . Now , my West Texas way of saying that is ‘ Do n't use folks'…That means : do n't hire them at Burger King so you can make extra money as an Assistant Manager .
Is it fair to say that the West Texan translation he offers— “ do n't use folks ” —captures Kant 's meaning reasonably well ? It 's odd to imagine Burger King as the ultimate illustrative metaphor for “ categorical imperatives , ” but , really , I ca n't explain what makes this odd . It 's not that he 's trying to placate a laymen audience by appealing to some under-sophisticated framework of associations . Rather , Roderick genuinely seems to think that the Burger King metaphor is the most intellectual one possible ; that it speaks , in some sense , to the higher dignity of philosophy .
Perhaps Roderick 's humor and his more serious points are not fully separable in the wider arc of his performance . Roderick 's humor works to insert philosophy into a cultural framework that we have been habituated to see as un-philosophical in nature . In his lecture on “ Nietzsche as Myth and Mythmaker ” Roderick begins :
I am a child of the sixties , so I am very familiar with the so-called “ Nietzsche Effect. ” And that 's the effect that Nietzsche has on adolescent young males who read him for the first time . . . and begin to name their cars “ Übermensch-wagons ” and begin to quote Nietzsche in order to date women who dress in black , as I am dressed today .
I try to understand why I find the image of an “ Ubermensch-wagon ” so amusing . The hilarity of this image must be somehow connected with the way it simultaneously does violence to some deeply ingrained cultural associations between philosophy and a certain kind of pedigree . Roderick simply takes it for granted that a Nietzsche book would rest as comfortably on the dashboard of a cherry red Mustang as it would on a bookcase in the dormitory of a liberal arts college . Such a notion embodies a venerable kind of naivety that could only result from a ponderous depth of intellect . If we begin from the premise that unlearning is the truest learning , do jokes about Ubermensch-wagons then become a vital form of praxis ?
Roderick first became interested in philosophy as an undergraduate at the University of Texas at Austin , where he was heavily involved in organizing protests against the Vietnam War . In a 1987 interview , he tells his colleague , Anne Buttimer , that the origins of his interest in philosophy coincided with his discovery of a certain intellectual tradition that goes against the grain of history , or exists somewhere outside of it :
I began to see the hidden past of America ; the past that was there in the thirties , that was there when I listened to Woody Guthrie , which I came to after Bob Dylan , right ? And I began to see a hidden past of America . A past full of promise that had basically been taken over by a bunch of shoddy insurance salesmen and techno war bureaucrats . And I began to see and feel part of an America that 's been hidden . And it 's certainly systematically hidden at the university , in my opinion .
In “ Heidegger and the Rejection of Humanism , ” the first of Roderick 's lectures I encountered , he takes an unusual stance that seems to capture his ambivalent attitude toward academia . He wants to praise the university as a place where one can acquire the tools to retrieve this hidden heritage . But he also wonders to what extent the university has played a role in keeping it concealed . Perhaps this is why Roderick declares that his intended audience for Self Under Siege will be the “ non-footnoting public. ” “ I do n't want to call them not scholarly , ” he explains , “ because many people read many more books than academics . Academics , when they are through with their meetings , do n't have time to read , you know , let alone teach. ” This self-deprecating attempt to direct suspicion at the motives of his own profession perhaps works to disavow the intellectual authority that it so eagerly wants to endow him with .
Occasionally , Roderick 's habit of deflating the obscure works he has doubtless read and understood can go too far and begin to sound flippant . In a lecture on John-Paul Sartre , for example , Roderick jokes , “ I only want to mention [ Critique of Dialectical Reason ] because I do n't want you to read it . And here is why : it 's too damn long and life is too short. ” As with his comment on the Übermensch-wagon , Roderick seems too eager to disavow his intellectual authority . He continues :
We are in a culture where people spend time , huge amounts of time , running hither and thither to buy , you know , shorts for the kids for school , to go up and down Stairmasters and so on…So , one function that people who at least used to be intellectuals , like me , can perform is to say about certain books , “ Do n't worry about it , you do n't have time for it . ”
Even though his tone sometimes makes him an unlikely ambassador of the world of ideas , I have to admire how Roderick avoids reflexive veneration for the texts he lectures on . He approaches canonical philosophical texts with that alternative , non-academic “ tradition full of promise ” in mind , and tries to reconcile his hard-earned erudition with the specter of what it might have blinded him to . Roderick is using his authoritative status in the discipline as a tool to take us beneath the surface of a constructed existence , to try to re-discover something for us and in us that requires a flare for drama as much as for disciplined explication . Playing Virgil to our Dante means that , for him , incoherent rambling becomes the ultimate articulation , erudition the ultimate dilettantism , praise of great philosophers ' minds the greatest denigration of their spirits .
If it can be difficult to tell when Roderick is joking and when he 's serious , however , that may be because his humor sometimes intimates an underlying despair . Throughout Self Under Siege , Roderick worries that the contemporary individual 's prospects for freedom , autonomy , and happiness are steadily eroding . His idealistic attitudes toward education are balanced with a realistic—even pessimistic—assessment of how much change a teacher can ultimately affect . Toward the end of many lectures , Roderick begins to sweat a little heavier , intone his words with more bitterness , and gesticulate with more abandon . But his darker moments can turn rather quickly to something more serene . This captivating transformation of mood often happens when Roderick manages to give his audience a final , culminating point . At the end of “ Heidegger and the Rejection of Humanism , ” Roderick 's humor , annoyance , and dread seem to finally , irrevocably entwine :
For now , that 's all—except be sure and fear death . I mean , that 's important to being human . Fear death and realize that even if you do n't smoke , and even if you jog , you are still going to die . And that should come as a great relief to all of you .
This remark becomes more prescient when you see it on film . Roderick ends his lecture as abruptly as life itself can end . And though his sense of humor seems misplaced given the point he tries to make , humor often should seem misplaced in a world that poses continual hardship . Perhaps he turns to humor not because there 's something in essence comical to be referenced . Perhaps the humor affords us emotional distance that lets us peer into something otherwise un-seeable , irreconcilable . The philosopher must be a performer , as Socrates well knew . Like a John Prine or Loretta Lynn ballad , then , Roderick 's lectures are most funny where they are saddest . The lightheartedness makes the tragic situation easier to bear . If his lectures seem artless and contrived to some viewers that is arguably because they succeed in reflecting the viewers ' acquired expectations .
In coming to terms with Roderick 's lectures , we have to consider his life as the ultimate criterion of his philosophy 's worth . In that sense , I am reminded of the way that he speaks of Sartre :
For him philosophy was not just an academic exercise of thinking , but the way he tried to construct a life worth living , a self worth talking about as a kind of destiny , and I am in no position to say he did n't do a decent job at it .
Jay Jensen teaches at the University of Central Arkansas and studied literature and philosophy at the University of Chicago . He has written for Sixty Inches from Center : The Chicago Arts Archive , Colloquium Magazine , and The Chicago School for Media Theory .
The value of the Russian ruble plunged to new lows Monday against the dollar and euro , with Moscow 's central bank predicting higher inflation and the national economy tumbling into a recession .
The ruble weakened by more than 5 percent , breaking through the level of 60 to the dollar and 75 to the euro for the first time . The Russian currency has dropped by 19 percent this month alone , and by more than 86 percent since last January , despite the central bank spending billions of dollars on market interventions in an attempt to curb its slide .
The ruble has diminished with the precipitous drop in the price of oil , the backbone of Russia 's economy , and the effect of U.S. and European economic sanctions imposed against Russia because of President Vladimir Putin 's intervention in Ukraine in support of pro-Russian rebels fighting Ukrainian forces .
The central bank said inflation could reach 11.5 percent in the first three months of 2015 before easing . At the same time , the bank says that the Russian economy is likely to contract next year .
The World Bank predicted last week that if the price of oil averages $ 78 a barrel next year , the Russian economy would drop seven-tenths of a percent .
But a steeper economic decline is certainly possible , since oil is now hovering around $ 60 a barrel and has been falling since the middle of the year . If oil prices stay at the $ 60 level , the central bank said the Russian economy could contract by as much as 4.8 percent next year .
Coz : Finding code that counts with causal profiling
Coz : Finding code that counts with causal profiling – Curtsinger & Berger 2015
update : fixed typo in paper title
Sticking to the theme of ‘ understanding what our systems are doing , ' but focusing on a single process , Coz is a causal profiler . In essence , it makes the output of a profiler much more useful to you by showing you where optimisations would genuinely have a beneficial effect ( which does n't always equate with the places programs spend the most time ) . Interestingly , it can also show you places where locally optimising performance will actually slow down the overall system . That might sound counter-intuitive : the Universal Scalability Law gives us some clues as to why this might be . The understanding gained from finding such locations is also very useful in optimising the application overall .
Conventional proﬁlers rank code by its contribution to total execution time . Prominent examples include oproﬁle , perf , and gprof . Unfortunately , even when a proﬁler accurately reports where a program spends its time , this information can lead programmers astray . Code that runs for a long time is not necessarily a good choice for optimization . For example , optimizing code that draws a loading animation during a ﬁle download will not make the program run faster , even though this code runs just as long as the download .
The point is nicely illustrated by the following simple program , which starts two threads in parallel and waits for them both to finish .
void a ( ) { // takes ~6.7 seconds for ( volatile size_t x=0 ; x < 2000000000 ; x++ ) { } } void b ( ) { // takes ~6.4 seconds for ( volatile size_t x=0 ; x < 1900000000 ; x++ ) { } } int main ( ) { thread a_thread ( a ) , b_thread ( b ) ; a_thread.join ( ) ; b_thread.join ( ) ; }
A traditional profiler will tell you that approximately half the execution time is spent in a ( ) , and half in b ( ) . Which is true , but not useful from the perspective of optimising the program . Optimising function a ( ) by eliminating it altogether would only speed up the overall program by 4.5 % . Optimising function b ( ) by eliminating it altogether would have no effect !
Coz can show you the true potential for overall program improvement : see the comparison below between the output of gprof and coz for this sample program .
A dramatic example of the ability of Coz to guide developers to places that can make a real difference comes with a SQLite case study : Coz identified three simple functions that resulted in a 25.6 % performance improvement , yet a traditional profiler said that these functions accounted for only 0.15 % of the total runtime . This kind of breakthrough is very exciting to me !
Coz is very effective at finding optimisations in real programs :
We show that causal proﬁling accurately predicts optimization opportunities , and that it is effective at guiding optimization efforts . We apply COZ to Memcached , SQLite , and the extensively studied PARSEC benchmark suite . Guided by COZ 's output , we optimized the performance of Memcached by 9 % , SQLite by 25 % , and six PARSEC applications by as much as 68 % . These optimizations typically involved modifying under 10 lines of code . When possible to accurately measure the size of our optimizations on the line ( s ) identiﬁed by COZ , we compare the observed performance improvements to COZ 's predictions : in each case , we ﬁnd that the real effect of our optimization matches COZ 's prediction .
How Coz works
Coz conducts a series of experiments to evaluate what the potential performance improvement might be if a given line of code could be optimized .
Of course it is not possible to automatically speed up any line of code by an arbitrary amount . Instead , a causal proﬁler uses the novel technique of virtual speedups to mimic the effect of optimizing a speciﬁc line of code by a ﬁxed amount . A line is virtually sped up by inserting pauses to slow all other threads each time the line runs . The key insight is that this slowdown has the same relative effect as running that line faster , thus “ virtually ” speeding it up… By conducting many performance experiments over the range of virtual speedup from between 0 % ( no change ) and 100 % ( the line is completely eliminated ) , a causal proﬁler can predict the effect of any potential optimization on a program 's performance .
Coz also enables you to understand the potential benefits of performance optimisations as they relate to throughput and latency ( in the context of a single process ) .
To proﬁle throughput , developers specify a progress point , indicating a line in the code that corresponds to the end of a unit of work . For example , a progress point could be the point at which a transaction concludes , when a web page ﬁnishes rendering , or when a query completes . A causal proﬁler then measures the rate of visits to each progress point to determine any potential optimization 's effect on throughput . To proﬁle latency , programmers instead place two progress points that correspond to the start and end of an event of interest , such as when a transaction begins and completes . A causal proﬁler then reports the effect of potential optimizations on the average latency between those two progress points .
Once the profiler receives a valid line from one of the program 's threads , it chooses a random virtual speed-up between 0 and 100 % in increments of 5 % .
For any given virtual speedup , the effect on program performance is 1− ( p s /p 0 , where p 0 is the period between progress point visits with no virtual speedup , and p s is the same period measured with some virtual speedup s. Because p 0 is required to compute program speedup for every ps , a virtual speedup of 0 is selected with 50 % probability . The remaining 50 % is distributed evenly over the other virtual speedup amounts .
The speedup is implemented via program counter sampling : “ COZ periodically samples the program counter and counts samples that fall in the line selected for virtual speedup . Then , other threads are delayed proportionally to the number of samples . ”
Rather than using POSIX signals , which would have prohibitively high overhead , COZ controls inter-thread pausing using counters . The ﬁrst counter , shared by all threads , records the number of times each thread should have paused so far . Each thread has a local counter of the number of times that thread has already paused . Whenever a thread 's local count of pauses is less than the number of required pauses in the global counter , a thread must pause ( and increment its local counter ) . To signal all other threads to pause , a thread simply increments both the global counter and its own local counter . Every thread checks if pauses are required after processing its own samples .
( see the full paper for a number of other important implementation details ) .
The data collected enables Coz to build up causal profile graphs . These also turn out to be very good at identifying points of contention within the application :
Once causal proﬁle graphs have been generated , it is up to the user to interpret them and make an educated choice about which lines may be possible to optimize . To help the user identify important lines , COZ sorts the graphs by the slope of their linear regression . Steep upward slopes indicate a line where optimizations will generally have a positive impact , while a ﬂat line indicates that optimizing this line will not improve program performance . COZ also ﬁnds lines with a steep downward slope , meaning any optimization to this line will actually hurt performance . This downward sloping proﬁle is a strong indication of contention ; the line that was virtually sped up interferes with the program 's critical path , and optimizing this line increases the amount of interference . This phenomenon is surprisingly common , and can often result in signiﬁcant optimization opportunities . In our evaluation we identify and ﬁx contention issues in three applications : fluidanimate , streamcluster , and memcached , resulting in speedups of 37.5 % , 68.4 % , and 9.4 % respectively .
Coz in Action
A series of short case studies towards the end of the paper are very persuasive in demonstrating the benefits of causal profiling .
For SQLLite , Coz identified three optimisation opportunities :
At startup , SQLite populates a large number of structs with function pointers to implementation-speciﬁc functions , but most of these functions are only ever given a default value determined by compile-time options . The three functions COZ identiﬁed unlock a standard pthread mutex , retrieve the next item from a shared page cache , and get the size of an allocated object . These simple functions do very little work , so the overhead of the indirect function call is relatively high . Replacing these indirect calls with direct calls resulted in a 25.60 % ± 1.00 % speedup .
gprof was unable to run the SQLite code ( segfault ) , but the Linux perf tool was : it reported the three functions Coz identified accounted for just 0.15 % of the total runtime .
Using perf , a developer would be misled into thinking that optimizing these functions would be a waste of time . COZ accurately shows that the opposite is true : optimizing these functions has a dramatic impact on performance .
The fluidanimate case study is interesting because Coz highlights a couple of places where speeding up the code will slow down the overall application :
The ﬂuidanimate benchmark , also provided by Intel , is a physical simulation of an incompressible ﬂuid for animation . The application spawns worker threads that execute in eight concurrent phases , separated by a barrier . We placed a progress point immediately after the barrier , so it executes each time all threads complete a phase of the computation . COZ identiﬁes a single modest potential speedup in the thread creation code , but there was no obvious way to speed up this code . However , COZ also identiﬁed two signiﬁcant points of contention , indicated by a downward sloping causal proﬁle . Figure 8 shows COZ 's output for these two lines . This result tells us that optimizing the indicated line of code would actually slow down the program , rather than speed it up . Both lines COZ identiﬁes are in a custom barrier implementation , immediately before entering a loop that repeatedly calls pthread mutex trylock . Removing this spinning from the barrier would reduce the contention , but it was simpler to replace the custom barrier with the default pthread barrier implementation . This one line change led to a 37.5 % ± 0.56 % speedup .
See §4 of the paper for many other examples of Coz in action .
Our case studies conﬁrm that COZ is effective at identifying optimization opportunities and guiding performance tuning . In every case , the information COZ provided led us directly to the optimization we implemented . In most cases , COZ identiﬁed around 20 lines of interest , with as many as 50 for larger programs ( Memcached and x264 ) . COZ identiﬁed optimization opportunities in all of the PARSEC benchmarks , but some required more invasive changes that are out of scope for this paper… We have submitted patches to the developers of all the applications we optimized .
The average overhead of Coz is 17.6 % , which is very good for a profiler .
From early morning to dusk , Kobanê workers come together behind frontlines and cook for their children , brothers and sisters and freedom fighters who continue their advance toward Raqqa , ISIS-declared capital of the caliphate .
In the logistics unit , there are mostly elderly Kobanê residents while the young also help . All have the light of faith and morale in their faces . The rations prepared for the frontlines by supporting fathers and brothers are transferred to Wrath of Euphrates Action Room fighters ' trenches in Raqqa Western Front in a rush .
We asked why they were there , and the volunteer front lines supporters said : “ We do n't have the strength to fight in the front lines . We want to at least offer our support to our children , our fighters who defend the honor of these lands and this people . As long as our daughters and sons are on the front lines , we will continue to support them . We cook for the fighters with great joy . We will continue to be there for our fighters who fearlessly resist the gangs with all our strength . ”
Netflix 's hit romantic comedy about a food-obsessed actor in New York , Master of None , just got nominated for a Golden Globe Award in the category of Best Television Series — Comedy . Star and co-creator Aziz Ansari also got a nomination in the category of Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series — Comedy , for his portrayal of the main character , Dev , who becomes the host of a cooking competition show called Clash of the Cupcakes in Season 2 .
The show previously won two Primetime Emmys for writing , and the MON crew used both opportunities to deliver powerful messages . In 2016 , co-creator Alan Yang spent his time at the Emmy podium talking about how Hollywood had “ a long way to go ” in terms of representing Asian Americans on film and television . And this year , co-star Lena Waithe thanked her “ LGBTQIA family ” while also remarking : “ The things that make us different — those are our superpowers . ”
The newest season of Master of None involves a plot that 's all-too relevant to the food world right now : A hot shot TV star known as Chef Jeff ( played by Bobby Cannavale ) is exposed as a creep who sexually harassed multiple people on his rise to the top . Chef Jeff helps Dev land a deal before the allegations become public , and then Ansari 's character tries to distance himself from his colleague on live television .
Aziz has never spoken about the inspiration behind the Chef Jeff character in particular , but Cannavale told Vulture : “ I think it happened to Aziz . He was relaying some kind of story loosely based on a guy that he met . He thought he became friends with him and then was like , ‘ Oh , shit . This guy 's wrong . ' ” And around the time of the show 's premiere , Yang told the New York Times about the inspiration behind this plot :
It 's a problem with men in power abusing their position . It 's not that this phenomenon is new — it 's always been there . When we were pitching this story , someone in the writers ' room asked , “ Is this going to feel relevant a year from now , when it actually airs ? ” We said , “ It 's not going to stop . It will be relevant . There will be another Chef Jeff. ” When the Bill O'Reilly thing happened , I texted Aziz : “ Another Chef Jeff ! This is crazy ! And this one actually does host a TV show . ”
Although this could be entirely coincidental , it is perhaps worth noting that Ansari and Yang filmed an episode of Mario Batali 's show Moltissimo about a year before Master of None Season 2 came out . Maybe Mario is one of the inspirations , or maybe it 's one of the many other big name chefs that have been exposed for their sexual misconduct ( or have n't been exposed ... yet ) .
The 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards will take place on Sunday , January 7 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles . The show air live on NBC starting at 8 p.m. EST .
• Golden Globes 2018 : the complete list of nominations [ Vox ]
• All Master of None Coverage [ E ]
The U.S. Department of Energy 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) has released new analysis exploring the potential impact of recently extended federal tax credits on the deployment of renewable generation technologies and related U.S. electric sector carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions .
The report says federal tax credits for renewable energy , particularly the wind production tax credit ( PTC ) and the solar investment tax credit ( ITC ) , have offered financial incentives for renewable energy deployment over the last two decades in the U.S . In December 2015 , the PTC and ITC were extended by five years from their prior scheduled expiration dates , but they ramp down in value during the latter years of the five-year period .
The report examines the impacts of the tax credit extensions under two distinct natural gas price futures , as the price of natural gas has been a key factor influencing the economic competitiveness of new renewable energy development . The analysis finds that , in both natural gas price cases , tax credit extensions can spur renewable capacity investments at least through the early 2020s and can help lower CO2 emissions from the U.S. electricity system .
According to the report , the tax credit extensions are estimated to drive a net peak increase of 48 GW to 53 GW in installed renewable generation capacity in the early 2020s . However , longer-term impacts are less certain and can depend on natural gas prices .
After the tax credits ramp down , greater renewable energy capacity is driven by a combination of assumed cost reductions in renewable generation , assumed rising fossil fuel prices and existing clean energy policies , the report adds .
In addition , the report finds the acceleration in renewable energy capacity development can reduce fossil-fuel-based generation and lower electric sector CO2 emissions . Cumulative emissions reductions over a 15-year period ( spanning 2016-2030 ) as a result of the tax credit extensions are estimated to range from 540 million to 1,400 million metric tons CO2 .
The full report , “ Impacts of Federal Tax Credit Extensions on Renewable Deployment and Power Sector Emissions , ” is available here .
Surly , the brewery that started the craft-beer boom in Minnesota , finally opens the doors to its “ destination brewery ” Friday .
The $ 30 million , 50,000-square-foot facility , which straddles Minneapolis and St. Paul in the Prospect Park neighborhood , includes one ( eventually two ) full-service restaurants , one of which is in a giant beer hall , and an acre-and-a-half outdoor beer garden that will eventually accommodate up to 1,000 beer drinkers .
The story behind the brewery , the first of its breadth and scope in Minnesota , is a lengthy one .
In 2010 , Omar Ansari 's Surly Brewing Co. had outgrown his family 's former abrasives factory in Brooklyn Park , and he wanted to build a replacement .
But Ansari wanted fans of the beer — affectionately known as Surly Nation — to have something special . He called it a destination brewery and envisioned an outdoor beer garden with plenty of indoor space in which customers could buy pints and meals at a full-service restaurant .
Breweries in other states , including neighboring Wisconsin , had that option , but Minnesota law would n't allow it .
So Ansari set out to change the law , a challenge many had undertaken , but none had accomplished . A local politician once told him to relocate to Wisconsin , because it had proved impossible to surmount a powerful liquor lobby that wanted the status quo .
But no one counted on the level of support Surly 's die-hard fans would provide . They called and wrote state legislators . They testified . They tweeted . They signed petitions . And in May 2011 , Minnesota 's so-called “ Surly Bill ” was signed into law , allowing craft breweries to open taprooms in which customers could buy pints of their beer and drink them on-site .
In the 3 1/2 years since the law was passed , dozens of craft breweries have popped up — from Tin Whiskers in downtown St. Paul to Indeed in Northeast Minneapolis to Steel Toe in St. Louis Park — almost all of them taking advantage of the bill that Surly built .
And now , that brewery opens just a few minutes ' walk from the Green Line light-rail that connects St. Paul and Minneapolis .
“ It 's a relief that we 'll finally be open , ” Ansari said Thursday . “ We 've been talking about this for more than four years . But there 's also the terrifying reality that we 're about to get crushed . We figure there will be a lot of people here . ”
He 's not the only one . Metro Transit , which runs the Green Line , is offering free rides to brewery visitors all weekend long . ( Go to metrotransit.org for a link to a survey you 'll need to take to print a free pass . )
Ansari , who took two years to choose the site for the brewery , said that light-rail line was a huge factor in his decision .
“ I 've always been a big believer in the train , ” he said . “ You do n't become a world-class city unless you have that kind of transportation . Plus , we 're in the alcohol business . We 'd rather have people take the bus or light rail than drive . ”
The site also had to be in the Twin Cities themselves , Ansari said , and the 4 to 5 acres the brewery would require was not easy to find .
The gleaming new brew house , outfitted with stainless steel equipment built in Bavaria and carried across the ocean by ship , will increase Surly 's production capacity to 80,000 to 90,000 barrels a year . That is nearly triple the amount of beer the company made last year .
That switch does n't come without growing pains , though . Todd Haug , head of brewing operations , the guy who has been brewing Surly beer since it began in 2004 , said it 's been a learning curve trying to make sure the beer tastes the same as it did when the company was brewing out of its much smaller and less technologically advanced brewery in Brooklyn Park .
That facility will continue to operate as a brewery . Haug said it 's the place where brewers will be able to make experimental beers , something that 's been difficult as the brewery strained to meet demand for its most popular flagship beers — Furious , Bender and Cynic .
In addition , there 's plenty of room to grow at the new brew house . The company has ambitions of circulating its beer , which is currently available only in Minnesota and Chicago , to the larger Midwest .
As for the restaurant portion of the brewery , Surly is the second to add a kitchen to their taproom . Urban Growler , just across Minnesota 280 in St. Paul , beat them to that punch , with sandwiches , tacos and appetizers .
But the scope of Surly 's food ambition is much larger . There are about 220 seats in the main taproom where a full menu will be available . Surly hired Jorge Guzman , who worked for Corner Table and Tejas , and was the head chef at Solera in Minneapolis when he was hired to run Surly 's restaurants .
Yes , restaurants . Come April , an upstairs , fine-dining , “ more white tablecloth ” restaurant will open .
“ We 're trying to appeal to people who want a burger or brisket , but then those who want bone marrow or scallops , ” he said of the beer hall offerings . “ It 's a chef-driven menu . It 's really good food . We think we 're going to have a lot of people who come just for the food . ”
Guzman said the food is meant to go with beer , but there would n't be specific pairings .
“ It 's meant to be a place where you eat and drink as a community , ” Guzman said , gesturing to long communal tables in the beer hall .
He said he 's hyper aware of the high profile of the project .
“ Being chosen to lead this project is very humbling , ” Guzman said . “ We 're scared as hell . We know it 's going to be very scrutinized . But if a job 's too easy , why do it ? ”
One thing the team is not worried about is all those other craft breweries that beat Surly to the taproom punch . In fact , they 're practically giddy about it .
“ I knew when we made that change , you know , we made it not just for us , but because it 's what the beer community needed to move forward , ” Ansari said . “ But I did n't know that it would happen so fast . There will be more , too . Just wait , every community will have a brewery . I think we 've officially put a stamp on the Twin Cities as a great beer spot . ”
When people ask him if there 's a point at which the market is saturated , he points to Portland , Ore .
“ You go to Portland , and 50 percent of the beer consumed there is craft beer . There 's so much room to grow , and we ( Surly ) can only brew so much beer . ”
Jess Fleming can be reached at 651-228-5435 . Follow her at twitter.com/jessflem .
After an hours-long shutdown this morning all Highway 400 's southbound lanes have re-opened to traffic , though a backlog created by the closure is likely to cause significant delays for drivers .
The traffic headache began just after 5 a.m. Thursday when police say a dump truck travelling south on Highway 400 with its bucket partially raised smashed into a large overhead highway sign near King Road . All southbound lanes of Highway 400 were closed as crews worked to remove the sign , which was bent in the collision and hung precariously over the highway .
`` Crews got on the scene and looked at the structure , '' OPP Sgt . Schmidt told CBC News . `` They assessed it and found it to be unsafe for people underneath the bridge . It would cause considerable damage if it was to come down completely . ''
Police say the truck that struck the sign had left the scene . They are asking for witnesses or anyone with information to contact the OPP .
The southbound lanes re-opened to traffic just after 10:15 a.m .
The closure , which hit during the height of the morning commute , created long delays as southbound drivers were diverted off the 400 and had to use alternate routes , including Weston Road and Jane Street , to get into the city . And although traffic is moving through the area again , drivers are likely to face delays on Highway 400 and its alternate routes throughout the morning .
Follow @ CBCToronto and listen to 99.1 for the latest updates
A letter warns of a defamation suit should the book , 'Ruthless : Scientology , My Son David Miscavige , and Me , ' get a release in the U.K. next week as planned , while the publisher responds : `` My plans for the book have n't changed at all . ''
Lawyers for David Miscavige are mounting an eleventh-hour attempt at preventing the publication of a new tell-all about the Church of Scientology leader . The author is Miscavige 's own father , Ron Miscavige .
As first reported by Scientology observer Tony Ortega on his website , London-based publisher Silvertail Books has received a letter from Johnsons Solicitors , a powerful law firm `` with a strong reputation for its expertise … in media and defamation , '' according to its website .
The letter warns of a defamation suit should the book , Ruthless : Scientology , My Son David Miscavige , and Me , get a May 3 release in the U.K. as planned . It goes on to say that St. Martin 's Press , which is releasing the book in the U.S. , has received a similar letter .
`` As you are no doubt aware , U.K. and Irish libel laws offer more extensive protection to individuals , and indeed religious organizations , than those in the U.S. , '' the letter states . To a large extent that 's true , as U.K. libel laws remain more plaintiff-friendly than in the U.S . However , in 2013 , the U.K. amended its defamation laws to provide defenses of truth , opinion and — likely of relevance here — `` publication on a matter of public interest . ''
Still , Miscavige 's lawyers are hoping the laws will bend to their favor . `` You are now on notice of the highly defamatory content of the subject book . Accordingly , in the event that you proceed with the release of this book , in total disregard for the truth , our client will be left with no alternative but to seek the protection of UK/Irish defamation and other laws , '' the letter continues , setting the stage for a father-son courtroom face-off .
Among the `` malicious , false , misleading and highly defamatory '' assertions made in the book : that Miscavige `` seized power '' from Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard by `` outmaneuvering rivals '' ; that `` Gold Base '' headquarters in Hemet , Calif. , has `` appalling conditions '' and staff `` were not permitted to leave '' ; that church members were `` subjected to deprivation and violence '' while detained in a prison-like containment center known as `` the Hole '' ; and that Miscavige hired private detectives to trail his father .
Many if not all of these claims have been previously made in other Scientology exposés , including Lawrence Wright 's Going Clear : Scientology , Hollywood and the Prison of Belief . The 2013 book was released throughout the U.S. and Europe , but , due to its libel laws , not in Britain ; last month , Silvertail announced it would finally release the book there . ( The accompanying Going Clear film aired in the U.K. on Sky Atlantic in September 2015 and was the most watched documentary on the channel in three years . )
Speaking from his London offices , Silvertail Books publisher Humfrey Hunter tells The Hollywood Reporter , `` My plans for the book have n't changed at all since I received the letter . Full legal due diligence has been carried out on the manuscript , and I am both confident in its integrity and very proud that Silvertail is publishing it . Ron 's story is an important one , and he is a brave man to be telling it . ''
Ruthless will be the focus of a special this Friday on ABC 's 20/20 . The Church of Scientology did not respond to a request for comment .
The full letter is embedded below .
Feel free to publish this article on your website . We just ask that you do not edit the article and ensure that the author is correctly attributed ! Just copy the code below into your CMS .
By copying the code below you are adhering to all our guidelines
Melbourne Metro Rail stations : more detail released & comment
The drip feed of information on the Melbourne Metro Rail project website continues , with a recent update featuring an interactive map to be used for consultation purposes , along with brochures providing increasing detail about each station and portal precinct .
Perhaps one of the most important parts of the placement of a station on a rail line is how and where users will access the underground structures . The brochures now display proposed entrance locations for each station and they are summarised with my comments below . Each image can be expanded for a larger view .
Domain
Domain Station . Image Melbourne Metro Rail Authority
The brochure for Domain Station appears to take the sensible approach in the location of proposed station entrances . We may love our major boulevards to walk down or look at , but when it comes to crossing them in traffic , the wait times are generally less than pleasant . Therefore the proposed locations , one on the eastern side of St Kilda Road for the Shrine and one on the western side of St Kilda Road for the local area , make sense .
The only question overhanging the station entrances in this diagram : will there in fact be two station entrances - one for each of the two island platforms recently built as part of the Domain Interchange upgrade - or some other design ?
Flinders Street ( CBD South )
CBD South Station . Image Melbourne Metro Rail Authority
For Flinders Street , the proposed entrance at Federation Square is welcome , likewise is an entrance from Collins Street . The location of the proposed Collins Street entrance seems to suggest it will use a portion of City Square , most likely impacting the on-and-off again water wall .
At Federation Square the proposed station location appears to be adjacent to the underground section of the Melbourne Visitors Centre .
The proposed entrance located in the middle of the Flinders Street/Flinders Lane/Elizabeth Street/Swanston Street block appears to be the existing entrance connecting to the main pedestrian subway . My question is , will there be a connection from the new underground platforms to the existing subway ?
Melbourne Central ( CBD North )
CBD North Station . Image Melbourne Metro Rail Authority
Last week it became evident that an entrance was proposed for the north side of La Trobe Street . Now the brochure for Melbourne Central also depicts another northerly entrance in Franklin Street .
Given the City Baths are located on the northern side of Franklin Street , that it is a very sensitive building and the Communist Brutalist Blocks of RMIT provide little room on the southern side 's footpath , the placement of the proposed station appears to be in the median of Franklin Street .
Might we see the closure of Franklin Street , or at least the Swanston Street end , turned into a plaza with the station entrance as the centrepiece ? The mind boggles with wider urban design opportunities if the half-closure route was taken with this station entrance .
Parkville
Parkville Station . Image Melbourne Metro Rail Authority
The broad location of proposed station entrances at Parkville appear to provide sufficient coverage in the area . One of the first comments on the interactive map raised the lack of an entrance on the north west corner of the Grattan Street/Royal Parade intersection , where the Royal Melbourne Hospital is located , which would serve the Women 's , RMH , University High School WEHI .
The proposed entrance on the south western corner of the intersection where the VCCC is should be set in stone , as it is on the same side of Grattan Street for people who may wish to connect with the Flemington Road trams ( Flemington Road tram super-stop is on the south side of Grattan Street in the Flemington Road median ) .
If there were any slack in the overall project budget , I would allocate more to this station : delete the entrance on the north east corner of the intersection and revert to the previous concepts , which showed a large island platform in the middle of Royal Parade for a tram-train interchange . This would be a compromise solution for lack of an entrance on the RMH block ( people bound for the Hospital block would not have to cross an entire road , only half of one ) , but enhance the tram-train connection opportunities .
Having an underground corridor all the way under Grattan Street so that entrances to the station concourse could be placed directly on the Flemington Road tram stops would also be a nice-to-have , however the proposed entrance on the VCCC block effectively does this job , albeit with a half-boulevard crossing at Flemington Road .
Arden
Arden Station . Image Melbourne Metro Rail Authority
Arden is problematic . On every concept made public over the years , it was clear from the start Arden would be isolated , having no meaningful connections to other lines or modes in the area ; the map above really brings this message home .
The site which this station resides on currently sees various industrial uses . The angle and placement of the `` potential '' station entrances seems to allude that a fraction of the current titles in the area would be acquired by the authority and rezoning could then enable redevelopment to occur on adjacent sites .
There is likely going to be a need for very intensive redevelopment in this area , in order to get the benefits side up against the costs in a cost-benefit analysis . All eyes are on City of Melbourne to see what they do with their Arden-Macaulay structure plan ( amendment C190 ) .
One thing to be wary about in terms of redeveloping the industrial land either side of the station location is Boral 's Melbourne Cement Plant , as it is located to the south of the proposed station site .
Cement is a key ingredient for any urban development project and of course an orderly winding down of the site ( as property prices rise after Arden station is complete ) could occur over time . However , it would be interesting to see the wider economic and environmental impacts of this key cog in the urban development supply chain moving out of the area , if it ever does .
One logistical benefit for the project would be if Boral were to be picked as the cement supplier for the project ; pre-cast cement and other cement products would not have to travel very far at all , thereby minimising overall energy intensity during the construction phase of the project .
Over to you . Be sure to add your comments to the interactive map on the project website .
Lead image credit : Google Earth
This article is republished from Urban.com.au under a Creative Commons license . Read the original article .
Idea Spotlight -
Daily advice link -
Cracker Jack , peanuts , hot dogs . It almost seems like ballpark food is more exciting than the game itself . And if Pati Grady has anything to do with it , we 'll soon be adding shortbread cookies to the list of iconic ballpark snacks.In 2004 , Grady searched online for a baseball cookie cutter to no avail . Improvising , she used a drinking glass to cut rounds out of dough made from her family 's shortbread recipe and used a crimping tool to make stitches.Coincidentally , the cookies were the exact size of MLB regulation baseballs , and Grady sensed that she had the seed for a new business . She incorporated and named the company Cooperstown Cookie , in honor of her hometown and the location of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.In 2008 , Cooperstown Cookie scored official licenses with Major League Baseball and the Hall of Fame , doubling sales immediately . `` It changed everything , '' Grady said . `` And with licenses , the world of wholesale opened up . `` Today , she supplies her treats to stadiums across the country , from Busch Stadium in St. Louis to Seattle 's Safeco Field . Grady also does a pretty brisk online business , selling cookies packaged in boxes and teams emblazoned with team logos . [ Via - CNNMoney ]
Labels : craft , food , marketing , offline
CLEVELAND , Ohio - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump enthusiastically patted himself on the back Sunday , asserting on Twitter that , because of political pressure he applied , Ford Motor Co. has nixed expansion plans in Mexico .
But Trump appeared to be confusing two separate projects - one that Ford is moving ahead with in Mexico , despite his protests , and another here in Northeast Ohio .
Word is that Ford Motor , because of my constant badgering at packed events , is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S. -- Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 25 , 2015
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares , my supporters know the truth . Think what can be done as president ! -- Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 25 , 2015
The self-congratulatory tweets drew the ire of Ohio Gov . John Kasich , one of Trump 's rivals for the GOP nomination . Ford 's plant in Avon Lake recently began production on two lines of medium-duty trucks that had been made in Mexico .
In 2011 , his first year as governor , Kasich championed tax incentives that assisted the move , which is expected to preserve more than 1,000 jobs . Ford confirmed last year that it would soon shift the F-650 and F-750 models from Mexico to Avon Lake . The first trucks rolled off the assembly line in August to great fanfare .
`` Do you think Hillary [ Clinton ] , Ben [ Carson ] or Jeb [ Bush ] could do this ? '' Trump tweeted Sunday , linking to an obscure blogger who credited him with Ford 's decision to move a facility `` originally slated for Mexico '' to `` struggling Youngstown , Ohio . ''
The blogger linked to an August story from CNN that made clear the move involved the Avon Lake plant . Youngstown , where Ford has no presence , is 90 miles away .
Regardless , Trump had nothing to do with the deal .
`` Nope , '' Kasich 's team tweeted later Sunday .
`` Our country needs real leadership and not empty , false rhetoric , '' Kasich added in a statement emailed by his campaign . `` Working as a TEAM , we brought Ford production jobs back from Mexico to Ohio years ago . That 's how things really get done . Hard work and teamwork brings results for the people . Our nation needs a leader with a record of actually delivering for all of us , that 's why I 'm running for president . ''
The exchange marks the first time Kasich has tangled with Trump - a notable development in a race where he has been reluctant to indulge in Trump 's antics .
Outrage from the governor 's supporters grew after a conservative Ohio blogger , Nick Mascari , criticized Trump 's erroneous claim . Mascari is backing Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida for president but says Kasich deserves credit for the Ford move .
So where did Trump go wrong ?
A spokeswoman for his campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday morning . But it seems Trump and the blogger he parroted believe - incorrectly - that the Avon Lake trucks are being shifted from a proposed facility in Mexico that Trump has railed against on the stump . Bloomberg reported in August that Trump , speaking in Michigan , slammed Ford for `` building a $ 2.5 billion plant in Mexico . ''
Ford acknowledged Monday that those plans have not changed .
`` Ford has not spoken with Mr. Trump , nor have we made any changes to our plans , '' the company said . `` We decided to move the F-650 and F-750 medium-duty trucks to Ohio Assembly in 2011 , long before any candidates announced their intention to run for U.S. president . We are proud that Ford has invested $ 10.2 billion in our U.S. plants since 2011 and hired nearly 25,000 U.S. employees . Overall , more than 80 percent of our North American investment annually is in the U.S. , and 97 percent of our North American engineering is conducted in the U.S . ''
By Denise Mann
HealthDay Reporter
WEDNESDAY , April 17 ( HealthDay News ) -- If Alzheimer 's disease runs in your family , you may be more likely to have brain changes associated with the disorder even before symptoms such as memory and thinking problems occur , according to new research .
An estimated 5.2 million Americans have Alzheimer 's disease , a number expected to increase dramatically as the baby boomer generation ages . The Alzheimer 's Association predicts that the number of people aged 65 and older with the condition will reach 7.1 million by 2025 .
To get a better handle on risk for Alzheimer 's disease , researchers at Duke University looked at brain scans of more than 250 adults aged 55 to 89 . Some had no signs of memory or thinking problems , while others did .
The researchers also analyzed genes and other markers in spinal fluid that are known to help predict Alzheimer 's risk . A variation in the APOE gene was seen among those participants who were at greater risk for earlier onset of Alzheimer 's .
Individuals who had a parent or sibling with Alzheimer 's disease showed silent brain changes , the study found .
Specifically , close to 50 percent of healthy participants with a positive family history would have met the criteria for early Alzheimer 's disease based on measurements of their cerebrospinal fluid , but just 20 percent of those without a family history would have fulfilled such criteria . The findings appear online April 17 in the journal PLoS ONE .
`` In early-onset Alzheimer 's disease , the genetics are much more clear-cut and we can test family members and know if they will develop Alzheimer 's , '' said senior author Dr. P. Murali Doraiswamy , a professor of psychiatry and medicine at Duke .
It is not as clear-cut , however , when it comes to later-onset Alzheimer 's , Doraiswamy said . `` The genetics are much more complex , and although we know these individuals are at a slightly greater risk , we do n't know when they start developing silent brain changes , '' he said . `` [ The new study is ] documenting very clearly that asymptomatic family members have twice the rate of silent brain changes and that these changes happen in certain pathways known to be related to Alzheimer 's disease . ''
The findings may help advance research that seeks to prevent Alzheimer 's disease by using drugs , he said , and it 's not a reason to panic and start to think the worst if you have a family history of the disease . `` The findings do n't suggest you should worry any more or any less , '' he said .
Although the study found an association between having a family history of Alzheimer 's and showing brain changes related to the disease , it did not prove a cause-and-effect relationship .
`` Having a family history does not mean you will get Alzheimer 's disease , '' said Dr. Richard Isaacson , director of the Alzheimer 's division at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine . You may be at a higher risk for developing it , but it is not predestined , said Isaacson , who was not involved with the new study .
`` Make brain-healthy choices now to help lower this risk , '' he suggested . `` We know that if it is good for the heart it is good for the brain . '' Such choices include engaging in regular physical activity and eating a healthy low-fat diet .
`` It 's also important to keep your brain fit by doing something you enjoy -- whether crossword puzzles or learning a foreign language -- every day , '' Isaacson said .
`` If you have a family history , get educated and informed about positive lifestyle choices and consider taking part in an Alzheimer 's prevention trial , '' he said . `` We can finally say 'Alzheimer 's disease ' and 'prevention ' in the same sentence , and that is a great thing . ''
More information
Learn more about how Alzheimer 's disease is diagnosed at the Alzheimer 's Association .
If you do n't like the current administration , your online privacy may be at risk . Kena Betancur/AFP/Getty Images
The US Department of Justice ( DoJ ) has formally requested that the IP addresses of 1.3 million people that visited an anti-Trump protest organizing website , disruptj20.org , be handed over – along with their contact information , email addresses and content , and photograph uploads .
DreamHost , a Los Angeles-based web hosting provider , has explained in a blog post that the request came through a few months ago , and that they are challenging the request .
The company explain that this “ information could be used to identify any individuals who used this site to exercise and express political speech protected under the Constitution 's First Amendment . That should be enough to set alarm bells off in anyone 's mind . ”
“ This is , in our opinion , a strong example of investigatory overreach and a clear abuse of government authority . ”
The website in question is a left-leaning protest nexus . Its primary mission was to disrupt the inauguration of President Trump back in January via peaceful means .
“ We 're planning a series of massive direct actions that will shut down the Inauguration ceremonies and any related celebrations – the Inaugural parade , the Inaugural balls , you name it , ” they explained at the time , under their Q & A section . “ We 're also planning to paralyze the city itself , using blockades and marches to stop traffic and even public transit . And hey , because we like fun , we 're even going to throw some parties . ”
The founders cite the “ direct action ” of those at Occupy Wall Street , Black Lives Matter , and the “ ongoing resistance ” at Standing Rock against the Dakota Access Pipeline .
Ultimately , it does n't matter whether or not you agree with the goals of these organizations . Protest groups like these use civil disobedience , but they are not founded on ideals of violence or extremism – no matter what certain news anchors on Fox News claim .
The DoJ 's request , then , is highly irregular . Such massive online warrants are normally used when it comes to illegal sexual imagery , drug distribution sites , terrorism , or caches of pirated movies . The right to arrange protests is rarely , if ever , investigated in this way .
Without protection , your IP address can reveal who and where you are . ronstik/Shutterstock
The debate over anonymity online is a complex one . Balancing the concerns of the individual citizen – and their right to privacy – with the need to root out dangerous collections of people , or to identify violent or extremist ideologues , is far from easy .
Nevertheless , the current administration seems to be quite keen on infringing on the privacy of peaceful dissenters . Just recently , a voter fraud commission set up by the President to investigate a demonstrable non-event demanded to know the voting history , party affiliation , and home address of every single voter in the US – and almost every single state refused .
This latest incident , then , is par for the course .
We 've joined Instagram . Follow us for all the latest incredible pictures and videos from the world of science .
-
INDIANAPOLIS -- Indianapolis has been the scene of an increase in violence over the past few days , with 14 people shot , six fatally , between Friday afternoon and Monday morning .
MAP | 2016 Indianapolis Homicides
Police urge anybody with any information on these shootings to call Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477 . You can also text “ INDYCS ” plus your tip to 274637 . Your tip can be reported anonymously .
The first shooting happened around 5 p.m. Friday , in the 4000 block of North High School Road .
Police identified the victim as David Sanders , 35 , of Indianapolis .
MORE | 35-year-old man shot and killed on city 's west side
Saturday afternoon , two people were shot on the northeast side . One of them , Charles Turner , 30 , died at the scene .
The shooting happened around 2 p.m. , near the 4400 block of Campbell Avenue . Police found him in the street with gunshot wounds .
DETAILS | One killed in shooting on city 's northeast side
Sunday morning , two people were found shot and killed in an SUV on Indy 's north side .
Police think the SUV ran up an embankment near I-65 and hit a retaining wall .
PREVIOUS | Two people found shot and killed in SUV on north side
The violence continued that evening with a shooting on the northeast side . A person was shot and killed near the intersection of 30th Street and Baltimore Avenue .
That victim was Anthony Morris , 18 , of Indianapolis , according to police
READ | One person shot and killed on city 's NE side
Monday morning , another person was shot and killed , near the 3200 block of Campbell Avenue .
Police have not yet released any information about the victim , or possible suspects .
MONDAY | Person shot , killed on Indianapolis ' northeast side
-- -- -
Download the new and improved RTV6 app to get the latest news on the go and receive alerts to your phone
Sign up to have the latest news headlines delivered straight to your email inbox
The Surface Pro 4 is without a doubt , one of the more powerful , versatile and svelte Windows 10 devices released to date . But , its slender profile is n't without its drawbacks , and could leave those that require ports such as Ethernet and a full-sized SD slot , in a bit of a jam . Luckily , a company hailing from Lyon , France has created a solution that will undoubtedly become an essential part of any Surface owners accessory array .
Bidul & Co. have been building accessories for the Surface line for quite some time and although each iteration of their accessories share the same footprint , they have evolved over time to include more features , while maintaining a small and elegant profile . Their latest offering , as seen above , expands the solitary USB 3.0 port on the Surface Pro 4 and Pro 3 by adding an Ethernet port and additional USB 3.0 port . Those that have concern that the Mini DisplayPort might be obscured , can rest easy , as a Mini DisplayPort has been integrated right into the product .
The USB hub is available directly from Amazon ( restock in February ) for $ 44.99 USD . Although the hub might be its latest product , the company also offers a 256GB SSD expansion accessory and a cleverly designed Bluetooth speaker that can be that can be viewed in the gallery below . All of the Surface products mentioned above are part of Microsoft 's 'Designed for Surface ' program .
Farmers ' leaders are incredulous about comments that UK can meet demand if Britain leaves EU with no deal
Farming leaders have accused Chris Grayling of “ talking tripe ” after he argued in a television interview that the UK could just grow more food to keep prices down if Britain crashes out of the EU .
The National Farmers ' Union , the British Summer Fruits association and the Farmers ' Union of Wales ( FUW ) all voiced concerns about the cabinet minister 's comments about food production made on Sunday on the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show .
Minette Batters , the deputy president of the NFU , said the hope that Britain could become more self-sufficient in food and less reliant on imports post Brexit was commendable but there was a glaring absence of any government policy on how farmers should achieve this .
UK apple growers ' labour shortage 'pushing them towards cliff edge ' Read more
“ I would say he 's out of touch with farming . Of course we want to produce more , but have the rest of the cabinet got the same view ? I support what he is saying , but it 's quite hard to know how this translates . I 'd like to know what Philip Hammond thinks , what Michael Gove thinks of this , ” she said .
“ This is not about ploughing the verges to grow more food , it 's about the absence of any food policy , ” added Batters . “ We have n't had a food policy for 43 years , ” she said pointing out that national food and environmental policy has been led by the EU since the UK joined the European Economic Community in 1973 .
Laurence Olins , who chairs British Summer Fruits , said : “ When I saw that interview , my mouth dropped and I thought this needs to be addressed , ” he said . “ I was just horrified . It is just indicative of the un-coordinated way the government is approaching Brexit . Our farmers are unable to find labour this year , never mind post-Brexit .
“ I have farmers who are moving to Portugal because they know they are able to hire people from the subcontinent . They know this . To hear Grayling come out with this tripe beggars belief , ” said Olins .
Grayling had told Marr that farmers would “ grow more here ” and “ we 'll buy more from around the world ” when asked what would happen to food prices if there was no Brexit deal .
“ It would mean that producers , supermarkets bought more at home , that British farmers produced more , that they bought more from around the world and it would damage French producers and continental producers , ” Grayling told Marr .
Olins said the industry had a meeting with the environment secretary , Michael Gove , about hiring seasonal workers from the EU for the harvest and he told them to lobby their MP and talk to Amber Rudd .
Michael Gove accused of breaking Brexit pledges to Scottish farmers Read more
“ This is the environment secretary , ” said Olins . “ Mention immigration to them and they go absolutely rigid and say the only people who can speak on this issue is the home secretary , Amber Rudd , or Theresa May , ” he added .
The FUW criticised Grayling 's comments , warning that sheep farmers were at risk of being wiped out unless there is a firm and urgent government promise to replace the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) subsidies pound for pound .
Brexit could wipe out Welsh farming , says union Read more
The FUW said that the transport secretary seemed to have ignored research commissioned by the government that showed the “ cataclysmic ” impact a hard Brexit would have on British farming .
Glyn Roberts , the FUW 's president , said : “ Grayling seems unaware of the results of the economic modelling commissioned by his colleagues in Defra , which paint a far more complex picture for the UK 's many agricultural sectors , and suggest in some ‘ harder ' Brexit scenarios UK food production would collapse . ”
While CAP has been criticised in the past for supporting inefficient agricultural practices , Roberts has said Welsh farmers were so impoverished they could not survive without the subsidy . Their annual income would fall from an average of £13,000 to £4,000 a year .
Roberts said that the economic modelling of Defra and detailed data published by the Agricultural and Horticultural Development Board last week , “ predict pretty cataclysmic collapses in many or most agricultural sectors in the event of harder Brexit ‘ no-deal ' type scenarios ” .
Others have suggested a subsidiary of Alibaba or related company may be steering the talks .
After shares in Ming Pao 's parent company Media China International spiked on Thursday , it issued a statement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange saying it was not aware of `` any reasons for such price and trading volume movements '' .
Prior to the market 's close the stock was up 19.3 per cent to $ HK1.30 .
While considered generally pro-Beijing , the paper , owned by Malaysian timber baron , Tiong Hiew King , has taken a more independent stance on issue like democracy and human rights on the mainland .
`` At times it is still critical of Beijing , '' said Willy Lam , a professor of Chinese politics at the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
`` It remains an influential newspaper favoured by intellectuals in Hong Kong . ''
If the deal goes ahead it would raise concerns about the further erosion of press freedoms in Hong Kong , as Beijing looks to tighten its grip on the former British colony and silence dissenting voices .
Alibaba 's founder Jack Ma is seen as close to China 's senior leadership and on Wednesday defended the group 's purchase of the South China Morning Post .
Advertisement
`` Trust us , '' he told a Wall Street Journal reporter . `` Why do people have to think that if we have it , it will lose its independence ? Why not with others ? We also read the newspapers . We also want media independence and fairness . What basis is there that with us , there will be no more independence ? ''
The $ HK2.06 billion ( $ A370 million ) purchase of the newspaper announced this week sparked heated debate about why an e-commerce giant would want to buy a print media asset with falling revenues .
It has been compared to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos ' purchase of the Washington Post in 2013 . Alibaba does own some media-related assets including stakes in China 's version of Twitter , Sina Weibo , and financial news service China Business Network .
However , it is not clear how an English-language newspaper , which caters mainly to expats , would fit with these assets .
The Post 's print circulation is around 100,000 and its revenue fell 8 per cent to HK $ 549.3 million ( $ 98 million ) .
`` Jack Ma wants to build up a media empire in line with Beijing 's policy of projecting soft power around the world , '' said Mr Lam .
`` It is a state-sponsored policy of using private mainland companies to buy up media companies . ''
Ming Pao has been the subject of controversy in recent years after its well regarded editor , Kevin Lau , was removed his position in January 2014 .
A month later , following street protests over media freedoms , Mr Lau was seriously injured after a man wielding a meat cleaver slashed him five times . His chest cavity was exposed and nerves in his legs were severed .
Ming Pao made headlines again in March this year when its new editor , Chong Tien-siong , pulled a front page story which had new details about the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre .
Pro-democracy lawmakers in Hong Kong accused Mr Chong of wanting to shield Beijing from bad news and putting its interest ahead of readers .
BAMAKO ( Reuters ) - The United Nations said on Friday it was investigating reports of serious human rights abuses , including the execution of civilians , in northern Mali following clashes this week between northern Tuareg separatist rebels and pro-government militia .
U.N.-brokered peace efforts in Mali 's north are in danger of unravelling because of repeated violations of a ceasefire between the Tuareg-led Coordination of Movements of Azawad ( CMA ) and the pro-government factions around the flashpoint northern town of Menaka .
The clashes on Thursday killed at least six civilians , including a Malian aid worker , rebels and a local source said .
The U.N. mission in Mali said on Friday it had sent a team of investigators to verify reports of serious abuses and the execution of civilians , possibly including an aid worker in Tin-Hamma , in Gao region .
“ These abuses followed as a result of the clashes on May 20 between members of the Platform ( pro-government militia ) and the Coordination of Movements of Azawad , ” the mission said .
The National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , a member of the CMA coalition , said in a statement that nine people including two who worked for international aid agencies were arrested by pro-government militia and executed . It added that several others were missing .
“ The execution took place in public , at the town 's cattle market and the bodies were still exposed in the public square as of 1500 GMT , ” MNLA said in the statement , listing the names of the nine .
The Malian government rejected accusations that its troops were involved in the abuses . It said in a statement late on Friday that Malian soldiers had intervened in Tin-Hamma to drive out insurgents who had killed three civilians in the attack .
“ The government is surprised by the allegations of abuses on the population attributed to the armed forces following the events in Tin-Hamma , ” it said . “ The government rejects such accusations . ”
The U.N. mission said it was concerned about an alarming escalation of fighting in several areas of northern Mali , which was in violation of the ceasefire and could jeopardise the peace deal .
Separately , it said 12 rockets hit its camp in Ber , about 50 km ( 30 miles ) east of Timbuktu , on Friday . It did not name the attackers but said there were no casualties .
There was a lull on Thursday . On Friday morning , sources within the rebel CMA and later videos that Reuters obtained showed fighting had resumed around the town of Menaka , which the rebels had been trying to take back since last month when pro-government forces kicked them out .
In a separate battle , the rebels also seized the town of Tessit near Gao .
Violence has continued in northern Mali despite a 2013 French-led intervention that pushed back al Qaeda-linked fighters who hijacked the Tuareg-led rebellion and seized two-thirds of the country in 2012 .
A ceasefire deal was signed between the government , its allies and northern separatist groups last year , but violations of the agreement have increased since pro-government fighters seized Menaka late last month .
The author of the story has a family member with an uncontrolled seizure disorder who does not medically qualify for either type of brain surgery mentioned in the piece nor has the family member been denied care by an insurance provider .
( CNN ) Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in her living room . The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by her parents : that their insurance company , Aetna , denied her for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted her since she was 9 years old .
`` When my parents told me , I went kind of blank and started crying , '' she said . `` I cried for like an hour . ''
Her friends had been lined up to visit her in the hospital for the surgery three days away , on Monday , October 23 . Between tears , she texted them that the whole thing was off .
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend . Cara 's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays , a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding her home . The party did go on -- just with a lot more stress .
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend . When the seizures strike , her body gets cold and shakes , and she zones out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes , typically still aware of her surroundings . Her seizures can be triggered by stress , by being happy , by exerting herself -- almost anything . `` It 's like having a nightmare but while you 're awake , '' she said .
In the six weeks since the denial , Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting her everyday life . Her message to Aetna is blunt : `` Considering they 're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that 's wrong with my brain , I would probably just say , 'Screw you . ' ''
Aetna : We 're looking out for what 's best for patients
The Pressman family and , separately , Jennifer Rittereiser , a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since she was 10 , approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied , by Aetna , for laser ablation surgery , a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating . Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country , providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people .
Neurologists consider laser ablation , which is performed through a small hole in the skull , to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery , where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate . The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children : No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed .
In denying Cara her surgery , Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery `` experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established . ''
`` Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member 's condition , '' Aetna wrote in its rejection letter .
The insurance company did approve her for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery , called a temporal lobectomy , even though her medical team never sought approval for the procedure .
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery , especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain .
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel , a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic , disputes Aetna 's assessment . He is not involved in Cara 's care nor Rittereiser 's treatment , but he said Aetna 's assessment is wrong .
`` I would not call it experimental at all , '' said Van Gompel , who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study . `` It 's definitely not an experimental procedure . There 've been thousands of patients treated with it . It 's FDA-approved . There 's a lot of data out there to suggest it 's effective for epilepsy . ''
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications , including the possibility of death . `` It 's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure , '' he said .
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks . By contrast , a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks . The pain from laser surgery is much less , and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery , Van Gompel said .
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials , Van Gompel said existing data shows it 's effective more than 50 % of the time . He hopes the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60 % to 70 % or better in epilepsy patients . Temporal lobectomies , he said , have a slightly better rate , of more than 70 % .
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial , Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser , saying it was in the best interest of the patients . But the language was softened slightly .
Cara Pressman was 9 when her seizures started . She 's had them in the classroom , on the soccer field , during softball games , on stage during plays .
`` Clinical effectiveness and our members ' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary , '' Aetna said . `` There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based , clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery . As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation , only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure . We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins , and will continue to do so for this procedure . ''
Contacted for reaction , the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna 's remarks , saying the insurance company took its information out of context . Laser ablation surgery `` has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy , '' said Dr. Jacqueline French , the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation .
`` This technology is much less invasive than the alternative , which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain , at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost , '' French said . `` This path should be available , if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it , without delay or barriers . ''
Phil Gattone , the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation , said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders .
Jennifer Rittereiser , 44 , was denied laser ablation surgery . She was hoping the surgery would stop her seizures so she could spend more quality time with her sons .
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara 's parents are going through . His own son began having seizures when he was 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s . `` It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child 's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping his development , '' Gattone said . `` We took this leap of faith and made the decision , and it worked out the best for him . ''
But he added that he and his wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then . The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago . `` I know that my wife and I would 've found much more comfort if we had had ( laser ablation ) as an option , '' he said .
Gattone said people with seizures , their caregivers and their doctors should not be `` spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis , filing paperwork , making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork '' trying to get approval for a life-changing operation .
`` The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual 's life , promote the development of the young child 's brain or bring about seizure control , '' Gattone said .
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of her silver SUV while driving with her 7-year-old son , Robert , in April . Her SUV rammed into a car in front of her and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic . Her vehicle careened down an embankment , flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush . She narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees .
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed .
Jennifer Rittereiser 's SUV plunged into an embankment after she had a seizure while driving in April .
`` People were amazed , '' she said . `` They had a helicopter on the way , actually . I am extremely fortunate just from that sense . ''
Rittereiser has battled seizures since she was 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since . For much of her life , she could tell when the seizures might come .
These were n't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies ; she would n't fall to the ground and writhe . She would zone out for a spell . She could understand people and could still function but could n't speak back -- or if she did , her words were garbled .
As an executive in the health care industry , Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings . When she senses a seizure coming , she rushes to the bathroom to hide until they go away . One time , she says she urinated on herself at her desk without realizing it .
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which she rear-ended a car after she had a seizure . No one was hurt in that crash , but she stopped driving for more than a year . Her medications were tweaked , and her seizures were largely kept in check , until the crash this April .
She was soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery . After 34 years of struggling with seizures , she thought her ordeal might finally come to an end . Surgery was set for June 16 .
But in late May , Aetna denied the surgery . She fought Aetna 's decision through a lengthy appeals process . Aetna refused to budge .
`` It 's just not right , '' Rittereiser said .
She said she recently went to Aetna 's website to look up the company 's values . She felt nauseated . `` Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I 'm being treated . They 're talking about promoting wellness and health and 'being by your side . ' ``
She paused , contemplating the company 's `` by your side '' catchphrase , saying it 's `` the most ridiculous thing , because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward .
`` It drives me crazy . ''
Dad : 'You get so angry '
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at her doctor 's office when word came that Cara 's surgery had been denied . The mom fell to the floor and wept .
She called Cara 's father , Robert . He was at the airport picking up his 90-year-old parents for their birthday party . Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news . That 's when Cara sat in the red chair , crying inconsolably .
Julie Pressman says she will never give up the fight for her daughter .
`` Telling Cara was horrible , '' her mom said . `` Horrible . ''
`` It 's just so frustrating for us to know there 's a solution out there -- a way to fix our daughter -- and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening , '' Robert Pressman said . `` You get so angry , but you do n't know who to take it out on , because there 's no particular person that 's doing it . It 's this big bureaucracy that 's preventing this from happening . ''
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20 , 2002 , when Cara popped into the world and met her 2-year-old sister , Lindsey , for the first time . `` That was the day we became a family , '' Julie said . `` Our love for those girls is amazing . How we got this lucky is beyond us . ''
But that luck has been tested . When Cara was 9 , she 'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening , and then in the middle of the night , she began seizing uncontrollably . The family had two black Labradors that had gone to her room and barked like crazy to alert her parents . Cara had bitten her tongue , and blood was running down her face when they got to the room .
It was a terrifying scene . She was rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests . Mom , Dad and Cara never thought they 'd still be battling seizures six years later -- let alone an insurance company . She 's had seizures on the soccer field , during softball games , on stage during plays , in the classroom . Almost everywhere .
How does she envision a life without seizures ?
`` I do n't know , '' she said . `` I 've never had a life without seizures . ''
`` You will . You will , '' her dad told her .
`` I just do n't know when , '' she responded .
Mom : `` It will happen , kiddo . ''
Her mother calls Cara a feisty , petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match . She 's a naturally gifted athlete , singer and dancer , but her parents feel that her seizures have kept her from reaching her full potential .
Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
They long for the day when the seizures are gone . The parents said they have paid $ 24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year . They 're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company 's help . They will appeal Aetna 's latest rejection -- but they 're not optimistic .
In preparation , they 've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $ 300,000 out of pocket . `` Cara is worth every penny , but man , '' her mom said. `` 'Screw Aetna , ' indeed , to quote my kid . ''
House Democrats on Monday accused Republicans of an “ end-run around the law ” as they pushed back on a GOP lawsuit against ObamaCare .
ADVERTISEMENT
House Democrats filed a brief in federal court defending the Obama administration in a lawsuit , House v. Burwell , brought by House Republicans . The GOP argues that certain ObamaCare payments are being made unconstitutionally because Congress has not appropriated the money .
The Democrats counter that Republicans are trying to involve the courts in a political dispute in an unprecedented way .
“ Instead of working with Democrats to make health care more affordable , Republicans are trying an end-run around the law and the legislative process that would hurl insurance markets into chaos , and destroy the affordable health coverage of millions of Americans , ” House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi ( Calif. ) said in a statement accompanying the legal brief .
A district judge ruled for House Republicans on the case in May , but that decision is now headed to the Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit .
Both the House Democrats and the Obama administration , in a brief filed last week , argue that the appeals court should simply dismiss the case because the House lacks the legal standing to sue in the first place . They say it would be unprecedented for courts to get involved in spending disputes between Congress and the president .
House Democrats ' brief argues that “ it would not only be contrary to established Supreme Court precedent for the courts to wade into inter-branch disputes such as this one , but also unnecessary and destabilizing to the separation of powers among the three branches . ”
At issue are ObamaCare payments known as “ cost-sharing reductions , ” which help low-income ObamaCare enrollees afford their deductibles . They are in addition to better-known tax credits that help people afford insurance premiums .
The text of the law does not specifically provide an appropriation for the cost-sharing reductions , prompting the GOP complaint . Democrats , however , argue that the tax credit appropriation also provides authority for the cost-sharing reductions because the two programs are interwoven .
The district judge , Rosemary Collyer , an appointee of President George W. Bush , rejected that argument and ruled for the GOP .
The case is generally not seen as having as high of stakes as previous court cases challenging more central aspects of the law . Still , a Republican victory could add additional turmoil and uncertainty to the law 's marketplaces .
Insurers are required to give the discounts to low-income enrollees no matter what , so if the payments were cut off , insurers would just no longer get reimbursed , and could have to hike premiums to make up the difference .
House Republicans have until Nov. 23 to file their brief .
I 'm currently in the Mathematical Programming class at Reykjavík University and we 're working with permutations and patterns . They 're really simple to understand once they 're explained to you , but after searching around online I have n't found a nice explanation for humans , so here you go .
None of this is new research , I just want to summarize things so other people can understand it without having to shovel through the internet trying to piece together a bunch of terse definitions . All of this is covered in more detail on Wikipedia , as well as in Combinatorics of Permutations by Miklós Bóna ( and many other places ) .
Permutations ( Non-Mathy )
If you 've used permutations in a programming language you can probably skip this section .
If you 're interested in programming and/or math you 've probably heard the term “ permutations ” before . It 's typically explained to be something like “ different ways to order a collection of objects ” .
The key word here is “ order ” — permutations are all about ordering .
Basics
Let 's look at an example . If you have a list of three cats :
Scruffy
Boots
Patches
How many different ways can you list them out ? Order matters , and you 're also not allowed to repeat a cat ( no cloning here ) .
1 2 3 4 5 6 Scruffy Scruffy Patches Patches Boots Boots Boots Patches Scruffy Boots Scruffy Patches Patches Boots Boots Scruffy Patches Scruffy
So there are six permutations . Simple enough . Let 's think about the edge cases . How many ways can you permute one cat ? Just one :
1 Scruffy
Something a bit tougher : how many ways can you permute zero cats ? This seems a bit weird , but if you phrase it as “ how many ways can you order a list of zero objects ” you can convince yourself the answer is one as well ( the single permutation is “ the empty list ” ) .
We do n't want to have to count out the number of permutations by hand every time , so it would be nice to have a formula . If we have a list of n things , how many different permutations can we come up with ?
We can start by filling the first slot with any item we want , so we have \ ( n\ ) options . Then for each of those choices we pick something to go in the next slot from the \ ( n - 1\ ) things that are left . We can keep going all the way down until we 're at the last slot , by which point we 've only got one thing left , so we get :
$ $ ( n ) ( n - 1 ) ( n - 2 ) ... ( 1 ) $ $
Which is just the factorial of \ ( n\ ) . For our three cats we have :
$ $ ( 3 ) ( 3 - 1 ) ( 3 - 2 ) = 3 \cdot 2 \cdot 1 = 6 $ $
So now we know that :
$ $ \operatorname { number-of-permutations } ( \mathit { items } ) = \mathit { items } ! $ $
Restricting Slots
Things start to get more interesting when we start to restrict the number of slots . For example , we can ask “ how many different lists of three items can we take from a group of five items ? ”
I 'm going to stop using cat names now because it 's getting painful to type , so let 's just use letters . Our five items will be :
a , b , c , d , e
How many different three-length lists can we produce ?
( a , b , c ) ( a , b , d ) ( a , b , e ) ( a , c , b ) ( a , c , d ) ( a , c , e ) ( a , d , b ) ( a , d , c ) ( a , d , e ) ( a , e , b ) ( a , e , c ) ( a , e , d ) ( b , a , c ) ( b , a , d ) ( b , a , e ) ( b , c , a ) ( b , c , d ) ( b , c , e ) ( b , d , a ) ( b , d , c ) ( b , d , e ) ( b , e , a ) ( b , e , c ) ( b , e , d ) ( c , a , b ) ( c , a , d ) ( c , a , e ) ( c , b , a ) ( c , b , d ) ( c , b , e ) ( c , d , a ) ( c , d , b ) ( c , d , e ) ( c , e , a ) ( c , e , b ) ( c , e , d ) ( d , a , b ) ( d , a , c ) ( d , a , e ) ( d , b , a ) ( d , b , c ) ( d , b , e ) ( d , c , a ) ( d , c , b ) ( d , c , e ) ( d , e , a ) ( d , e , b ) ( d , e , c ) ( e , a , b ) ( e , a , c ) ( e , a , d ) ( e , b , a ) ( e , b , c ) ( e , b , d ) ( e , c , a ) ( e , c , b ) ( e , c , d ) ( e , d , a ) ( e , d , b ) ( e , d , c )
You can see how working with numerical formulas would be a lot nicer than listing all those out by hand and counting them . The formula to tell us the number is :
$ $ \operatorname { number-of-permutations } ( \mathit { items } , \mathit { slots } ) = \frac { \mathit { items } ! } { ( \mathit { items } - \mathit { slots } ) ! } $ $
So in this example we have :
$ $ \frac { \mathit { items } ! } { ( \mathit { items } - \mathit { slots } ) ! } = \frac { 5 ! } { ( 5 - 3 ) ! } = \frac { 5 ! } { 2 ! } = \frac { 5 \cdot 4 \cdot 3 \cdot 2 \cdot 1 } { 2 \cdot 1 } = \frac { 120 } { 2 } = 60 $ $
Which is correct ( feel free to count them by hand if you 're skeptical ) .
This formula continues to work when the number slots are equal to the number of elements ( like in our cat example ) . If \ ( n = slots = items\ ) then :
$ $ \frac { \mathit { items } ! } { ( \mathit { items } - \mathit { slots } ) ! } = \frac { \mathit { n } ! } { ( \mathit { n } - \mathit { n } ) ! } = \frac { \mathit { n } ! } { 0 ! } = \frac { \mathit { n } ! } { 1 } = \mathit { n } ! $ $
Remember that \ ( 0 ! \ ) is 1 , not 0 as you might first expect . Feel free to plug in the edge cases we talked about before ( zero- and one-length permutations ) and make sure they work .
Permutations ( Mathy )
That was a pretty standard introduction to permutations , and it 's about as far as most basic programming/math books go at first ( they 'll also talk about “ combinations ” , which are something else that we do n't care about right now ) . But if we want to start looking at permutations more closely we need to add a few additional rules .
So far we 've been talking about permutations of arbitrary objects , like cats , letters , or playing cards . From here on out we 're going to restrict ourselves a bit more : we 'll only consider lists of positive integers . This is important because integers can be compared . We ca n't say that Scruffy is “ less than ” or “ greater than ” Boots , but we can say that 15 is less than 16 .
Notice that we 're not including the number zero . When we say “ show me all standard permutations of length 3 ” we mean :
1 2 3 1 3 2 2 1 3 2 3 1 3 1 1 3 2 1
Sorry programmers , permutation people like to count from one .
You 'll notice that I wrote out the permutations above each on their own line , with the numbers just listed out . This is called “ one-line notation ” . Sometimes people drop the spaces in between the numbers ( e.g . 1 2 3 becomes 123 ) if all the numbers are single digits and they feel like being annoying .
There 's also a “ two-line notation ” that we wo n't use here , check out the Wikipedia page at the end of the post for more .
Standard/Classical Permutations
Another term we 'll use is “ standard permutations ” or “ classical patterns ” ( do n't worry about the word “ patterns ” too much yet ) . This just means they contain all the numbers 1 to \ ( n\ ) with no missing numbers . So 3 2 4 1 is a standard permutation ( of length 4 ) , but 1 902 23232 5 is not .
Subwords/Subsequences
One more bit of terminology before we get to the meat of the post . A “ subword ” of a permutation is all the different lists we can get by dropping none , some , or all of the items , without changing the order . For example , the sublists of 9 3 1 4 are :
dropping no items ( 9 3 1 4 ) dropping one item ( 3 1 4 ) ( 9 1 4 ) ( 9 3 4 ) ( 9 3 1 ) dropping two items ( 1 4 ) ( 9 4 ) ( 9 3 ) ( 3 4 ) ( 9 1 ) ( 3 1 ) dropping three items ( 9 ) ( 3 ) ( 1 ) ( 4 ) dropping four items ( )
You will also hear these called “ subsequences ” , but this is way too confusing because subsequence in a programming language almost always means a consecutive portion of a list , so I 'm going to stick with “ subwords ” .
Permutation Patterns
Hold onto your hats , things are about to get intense .
We say that one permutation X contains another permutation Y if one of the subwords of X has the same length and relative order as Y. I know that 's confusing and not at all clear , so let 's take an example .
Let X be the permutation 1 4 3 2 . Let Y be 1 2 . Does X contain Y ?
If we look at Y 's elements , we see that it starts with the lowest element and then goes to the highest element . Is there some subword of X , of length 2 , that does the same thing ? Sure : 1 4 is a subword of X , has length 2 , and starts at the lowest element then goes to the highest .
Note that our subword has a 4 in it , but Y only has 1 and 2 . This is the most confusing part about permutation patterns : we do n't care about the actual numbers themselves — we only care about the relationships between the numbers .
Another example . Let X be 1 4 3 2 . Let Y be 2 1 . Does X contain Y ? Try this one on your own before reading on .
Y is still two elements long , but now it starts at the highest element and goes the lowest . The subword we used in the last example ( 1 4 ) does n't work here , because it starts low and goes high ( the opposite of what we want ) . But 4 3 is another subword of X , and that does match , so X does contain Y . Note that 4 2 would also fit here ( remember : subwords do n't have to be consecutive ! ) .
Let 's try something more interesting . Let X still be 1 4 3 2 , but let 's make Y 1 2 3 . Does X contain Y ?
This one is a little trickier . The order of Y is that it starts at the lowest element , then it goes to the middle one , then finally it goes to the highest element . Let 's look at the subwords of X that are length 3 :
1 4 3 1 4 2 1 3 2 4 3 2
Do any of those have the same relative ordering as Y ? No ! None of them start at the lowest , go to the middle , then go to the highest . So this time X does not contain Y , so we say that X avoids Y .
So What ?
So now that we know what “ X contains Y ” and “ X avoids Y ” mean , what can we use this stuff for ? I 'm not an expert , but I can give you a few examples to whet your apetite .
Consider a permutation X that avoids 2 1 . What might X look like ?
Well the empty permutation and any permutation with only one element certainly avoid 2 1 ( they do n't have any subwords of the correct length at all ) . What about longer ones ?
If X avoids 2 1 , then for any two elements in it , the leftmost element must be smaller than the rightmost one ( otherwise it would contain 2 1 ) . This means that all the elements must be getting bigger as you go to the right , or to put it another way : the permutation must be in sorted order !
Similarly , if X avoids 1 2 then it must be in reverse sorted order . Poke at this for a minute and convince yourself it must be true . Make sure to consider edge cases like the empty permutation and single-element permutations .
Another example comes from Knuth : if a permutation contains 2 3 1 it can not be sorted by a stack in a single pass . Remember : the numbers in the matching subword do n't have to be consecutive , and they do n't have to match the exact numerals , only the relative order matters . 66 1 99 2 33 contains 2 3 1 because the subword 66 99 33 has the same relative order ( and so 66 1 99 2 33 can not be sorted by a stack in a single pass ) . This is probably not intuitively obvious , so for further explanation check out Wikipedia , or this paper coincidentally by my professor , or even Knuth 's book itself .
Further Information
This was a really quick introduction . I glossed over a bunch of things ( like defining a permutation as a mapping of elements of a set to themselves , the identity permutation , etc ) . If you want to dive in more , you can check out Wikipedia :
Or go all-in and grab a copy of Combinatorics of Permutations .
I 'm also planning on doing another post like this about mesh patterns , which are a slightly more general/powerful version of these basic patterns .
The U.S. Army depicted former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as an insider threat in a PowerPoint presentation to soldiers on cybersecurity .
A photograph of Mrs. Clinton , who lost the Nov. 8 presidential race , is depicted along with two murderers , two leakers of classified information and one who mishandled secrets .
Mrs. Clinton , as secretary of State , exclusively used a home-based server to handle all her government emails , instead of a more secure state.gov address . Some contained highly classified information and the FBI said the server was vulnerable to foreign intrusion . She was not charged .
The others depicted : Food Hood assassin Maj. Nidal Hassan , Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis , major leakers Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden , and retired Army Gen. David Petraeus . He provided classified logs to his biographer and girlfriend .
The Army PowerPoint slide was obtained by the Judicial Watch , a conservative non-profit , through the Freedom of Information Act .
The insider threat lecture was delivered to soldiers at Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri .
The photo array of Mrs. Clinton et al is headed , “ Who is the Threat ? Insiders . ”
“ No wonder it took a lawsuit to extract this damning Pentagon analysis which recognizes former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as an ‘ Inside Threat ' to national security , ” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton . “ I hope the Department of Justice takes note and proceeds with an appropriate investigation . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Rick Santorum 's Christian Film Company to Release Movies to Churches Not Theaters
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Former Senator Rick Santorum 's ( R-PA ) Christian film company announced on Monday that it would be distributing its movies not through the traditional box office but through churches .
EchoLight Studios , which released last year 's adaptation of Max Lucado 's The Christmas Candle , told Deadline that the studio made the decision as a strategic attempt to draw the masses into churches .
`` We want to be a part of empowering the church to elevate its role as a cultural change agent , '' EchoLight President Studios Jeff Sheets said in a statement . `` Our vision is not to create sermons wrapped in a movie but to create content that inspires , fascinates and incorporates a strong Christian worldview . ''
The Franklin , TN-based studio , which intends to release four films a year , wants both the film 's message and financial profits to support churches . Consequently , EchoLight hopes to create movies which can also have a `` strong ministry value as tools for the Church to use in their in-reach and outreach ministries , '' whose proceeds will partially `` fuel the missional needs of the hosting local church . ''
In addition to providing a built-in audience for their movies , EchoLight also recognizes that many churches also have the infrastructure to professionally show the films .
`` EchoLight wants to empower the church to bring in people to see films , '' EchoLight Studios spokeswoman Kristin Cole told Deadline . `` They want good family content , and this ensures that . A lot of these churches are already equipped with the HD cameras . ''
Tickets for the studio 's first film , One Generation Away , will go on sale on June 1 . The studio will also re-release The Christmas Candle , which grossed $ 2 million over seven weeks last winter . Later this year , EchoLight will also release Hoovey , directed by Sean McNamara , who was also behind the camera in Soul Surfer .
Hoovey , whose cast includes Disney Channel alums Cody Linley and Alyson Stoner , is based on the true story of a high school basketball player Eric Hoover Elliott diagnosed with a massive brain tumor .
Three faith-related films are currently in theaters with a fourth — Heaven Is for Real — set to open on Wednesday . Thus far Darren Aronofsky 's Noah has taken in over $ 80 million domestically , the low-budget God 's Not Dead over $ 40 million and Son of God nearly $ 60 million .
Box Office Mojo suggested that the same faith-based constituencies that helped `` drive the success of Son of God and God 's Not Dead '' could boost the movie and that `` while there could be some fatigue setting in , this movie 's story should be inspirational enough to generate solid business , '' suggesting that `` Soul Surfer 's $ 43.9 million is reachable . ''
Whyte 's debut album , Glass Swords , came out in 2011 and was immediately embraced as proof of a new strain of digital maximalism in dance music . But as he gears up to release his second album , it seems that for Whyte , it is n't about jamming in more so much as a refusal to be tied down . “ I like the idea that the tracks can be very open , ” he says . “ I try to throw in things that might make you think and keep your mind open. ” In conversa- tion , Whyte is economical with his words , although there are moments when his ideas fall like rain , such as when he discusses the theme behind his new album . Its title , Green Language , refers both to a divine tongue that existed “ before the human mind came in and muddled things up ” and to the coded scripts that Renaissance-era alchemists used to ensure their secrets did n't fall into the wrong hands . “ Music speaks to you , but it 's not bound to one meaning , ” he says . “ It means whatever it means in the moment . The more you listen to it , you uncover different meanings and different messages . ”
That fluidity flows throughout the album , which twists and wriggles like a shape-shifting spirit . There 's “ Up Down , ” a ferocious , tropical- tinged number featuring one of Rustie 's favorite grime MCs , D Double E ; “ I just love the character you feel from his voice , ” Rustie says . Elsewhere , “ Paradise Stone ” appears at first glance to be a xylophone daydream . Step a little closer , though , and it sounds like an electrical fire is raging beneath . “ I do n't really think about these things until after I 've made them , actually , ” he says , confirming his open-minded approach . “ Then this sort of messages or visions come. ” For Rustie , the purpose of music is n't to be a butterfly pinned on a wall—named and framed—it 's to wonder where it might fly to next .
The iPad Air 2 is starting to make its way into people 's homes ( here are some early thoughts ) — and as usual , iFixit took one and tore it down to its components . Inside there was one big surprise : An NFC Controller , model number NXP 65V10 , which is the same chip that 's in the iPhone 6 .
Advertisement
Apple has n't officially mentioned the new NFC chip in the iPad , and there does n't seem to be a use for it at the moment . Although the iPad Air 2 supports Apple Pay , it 's for online shopping — so you wo n't see anyone tapping their 10-inch slate at a McDonald 's or Walgreens . Apple has declined to bring in-store Apple Pay to the iPad , although considering the newfound NFC chip it 's certainly theoretically possible . Using an iPad for mobile payment checkouts could even look sillier than using a tablet as a camera .
But I do n't think that 's why [ company ] Apple [ /company ] quietly stuck in a NFC chip in the iPad Air 2 . One of the big drawbacks to Apple Pay at the moment is that it only works at big chain stores and restaurants . Although there are a lot of participating businesses — and more keep signing up — they 're still all corporate . There is n't a way for a small business or maker to use Apple Pay yet .
A lot of small businesses use an iPad as a cash register . I got a cup of coffee yesterday from a coffee shop and swiped my card through a Square Register and signed on an iPad screen . iPads are already installed in stores .
The key to NFC in the iPad Air 2 is that it affords the possibility of becoming an Apple Pay cash register with no dongle needed . Conceivably , it could expand the number of outlets that take Apple Pay from around 40 to anyone selling stuff who owns the latest iPad . It brings Apple Pay out from the big box store and into farmers ' markets and boutiques .
Apple Pay is still young , and Apple is still working out bugs — like the Bank of America double-payment issue people were encountering yesterday . It 's still looking like a trial program , and it 's obviously going to evolve as Apple , credit card companies and stores better understand how consumers want to use it .
I 'm sure that developing NFC cash register software is not an easy task — Apple may even end up simply opening up access to the NFC chip in the future to third-party apps . But if Apple had the foresight to put an NFC chip in the iPad , at some point it 's going to be turned on .
Update : As a few commenters have pointed out , the NFC chip in the iPad does n't appear to have antennas , which would indicate that its primary function is likely as a secure enclave and not to enable payments .
Let 's start with this : I hope I 'm wrong .
Actually , let 's back up a step further than that : I hope the rumors are false . ( And they very well might be . Remember when Andy Reid was a shoo-in to coach the Cardinals ? Yeah , me too ) . I hope that the `` Alex Smith to the Chiefs '' rumors are nothing more than bored speculation of those who have little else to do right now .
However , IF the rumors are true and Alex Smith ends up going to be traded to the Chiefs , I just want to say I hope I 'm dead wrong about the guy . I hope he comes in and lights it up like he 's Joe Cool 2.0 . I hope he shows up and exponentially improves our QB play , providing an elite game manager ( not that I think that term makes sense , but we 'll get to that later ) who helps the Chiefs turn into the 2011 49ers . I hope I have to eat so much crow about my Alex Smith hate that I end up in a crow-induced meat coma .
All that said ... I HATE this move , if it happens .
BJ Kissel wrote a great piece regarding the potential positives of having Alex Smith play under center for the Chiefsnext year . It was well written , looked great , and I 'll be darned if for about 2.8 seconds I did n't start thinking , `` Hey , maybe it WOULD N'T be such a bad idea after all ... '' ( That 's how you can tell Kissel missed his true calling as a litigator . )
Then the rest of my brain kicked in . The part that is n't all sunshine and flowers . The part that looks at the numbers and other evidence and makes an objective call based on said evidence . And that part of my brain started to freak the crap out .
So I 'm saying it in public , for all the millions ( or so ) of those who frequent this great site ...
Andy Reid and John Dorsey , this is strike one
With this one move ( again , we 're assuming it 's true for the sake of this column ) you have burned away some of my good will . I will no longer say things like , `` Well if Reid likes the guy , that 's good enough for me . '' Instead , you 'll be down to two strikes in the ever-important count of this fan 's patience ( I know you care oh-so-much ) .
For those who are still mesmerized by BJ 's case for Alex Smith ( and hey , it was a great piece ) , allow me to retort ... Let 's do it in `` Arguing with ... '' format , shall we ?
Argument for Alex Smith No . 1 : `` He 's an elite game manager who avoids bad plays and is very accurate ''
Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
Let 's get this out of the way : for the last two years , that 's been pretty much true . Alex Smith has been a very solid game managing QB since 2011 . Good stuff .
Of course , that argument completely and utterly ignores the gigantic level of suck that was Alex Smith 's career prior to the last two years . We 'll deal with the Harbaugh era later , but for now let 's bask in mediocrity .
59.3 percent completion percentage
6.56 YPA
81 TDs in 80 games
63 INTs
36 fumbles
Those are the grand totals for Alex Smith . You know who else has career stats like that ? You know , do n't you ? You can already hear the name , even before I write it . The name the vast majority of Chiefs fans have come to despise so dearly .
Matt Cassel .
Equivalent completion percentage , a HIGHER YPA , slightly more TDs per game , fewer INTs and fumbles per game . A very , very strong argument can be made that Cassel 's career averages are BETTER than Alex Smith 's .
Think about that . And remember , this INCLUDES those last two years for Smith . That 's how pathetic he was his first 5 years in the league . It took two years of solid stats to drag his numbers up `` high enough '' ( running pretty fast and loose with the word `` high '' at this point ) to compete with the guy we ca n't wait to get rid of . I mean ... really ? We 're REALLY trying to say this is the guy we want ?
Argument No . 2- `` Just because the Chiefs trade for Smith does n't mean they ca n't still draft a QB No 1 ! Smith 's a great backup and/or stopgap ! ''
Kirby Lee/Image of Sport-USA TODAY Sports
This argument completely ignores two things .
1 ) The fact that the Chiefs would be TRADING for a backup/stopgap . Trading . As in , giving up assets for a guy who ideally WO N'T EVEN PLAY .
2 ) The fact that Alex Smith 's current contract ( which the Chiefs would inherit if they trade for him ) has him earning $ 8.5 million in both 2013 and 2014 .
You combine those two things and the idea that the Chiefs would be trading for Smith as some kind of `` stopgap '' or backup makes absolutely no sense . Why on earth would you give away draft picks for a guy who you do n't want on the field ? Can the Chiefs seriously not find a veteran backup in free agency ? If the ideal is that the guy never sees the field and is there to `` mentor '' a rookie QB while holding a clipboard ... why ca n't the Chiefs do what , yanno , every other team in the league does and SIGN a guy to do that ? Matt Moore and Jason Campbell have had some solid moments as well ... is Smith really THAT MUCH BETTER than them that we should trade assets AND pay him twice as much ?
`` ... is Smith really that much better than them .... ? ''
And as far as the `` stopgap '' argument goes ... did we suddenly morph back into 2000 , when rookie QBs were supposed to `` sit and learn ? '' Sorry , no way . The pro game has changed and is much more friendly to rookie QBs than it once was . Early picks are learning on the job . Some are failing , but many are succeeding . And guess what , it was that way long before picks started playing right away . Some draft picks will fail . But whatever QB they deem most likely to be a franchise QB should be a guy who can learn on the job .
And when you throw in that $ 8.5 million , the whole idea of Smith being a `` stopgap '' or a backup falls completely apart . Are we really going to spend $ 8.5 million ( almost the entirety of what Albert should cost ) on a freaking contingency plan ? Sure , we 've got some cap space . Of course , it would sure be nice to be able to keep Bowe and Albert AND add a free agent or two . Sign on Alex Smith for $ 8.5 million and that option player vanishes .
The ONLY reason to pay a quarterback $ 8.5 million a year is if you plan on starting that guy and believe he 's a good quarterback . You do n't pay backups that kind of money . You do n't pay `` stopgaps '' that kind of money .
Argument No . 3- `` Have you SEEN Smith the last couple of years ? Dude brought the Niners to the AFC Championship game and had the highest QB rating in the league before he got hurt ! ''
Jason O. Watson-USA TODAY Sports
So many , many , many things to say about this . But I 'll limit this to a few things .
First , have n't we been down this road before ? Matt Cassel played like hot garbage in 2009 for the most part , then played at a passable level in 2010 . So we , in all our naiveté , thought that meant he 'd `` progressed '' as a starter and that 2010 was his new `` floor . '' Boy were we wrong .
What actually was happening was that in 2010 ( and 2008 ) Cassel was showing his absolute ceiling in optimal circumstances . Take away those optimal circumstances ( great coaching , Moss/Welker , Weis , Jamaal Charles , ridiculously easy schedule , Dwayne Bowe in beast mode , etc . ) and POOF ! The `` solid game manager '' vanished and `` Bad Matt '' emerged .
Are we really willing to bet draft picks AND $ 8.5 million dollars a year that Alex Smith is different ? The guy sucked on an absolutely epic level for FIVE YEARS . It 's not like he was just bad as a rookie , or a second year player . Five years is a long , long time .
Maybe : Jets , Bills , Jaguars , sleeper team
Out : Everyone else
People are seriously underestimating Jim Harbaugh and overestimating Alex Smith . Harbough came to San Francisco and one of the first things he did was draft Alex Smith 's replacement . The second thing he did was dumb the offense waaaaaay down and put an absolute minimal burden on Smith 's shoulders . All he had to do was run plays designed by the best coach in the league and not screw it up , while allowing the Niners dominant defense and running game to do the rest .
Smith 's injury is actually the best thing that could have happened to him . Let 's face it , Kaepernick was breathing down his neck as it was . I 'd be willing to put money down that Harbaugh would 've replaced Smith eventually regardless . The concussion just gave Harbough an excuse , and one that would help maintain Smith 's value in the eyes of the football world .
Smith had the benefit of a top three defense , THE best offensive and QB coach in the NFL ( by far ) , and a great running game . Are we really willing to bet that the Chiefs can get all of that going here ? Why gamble $ 8.5 million and draft picks on that when he knows that even in those absolutely OPTIMAL situations , the best Smith could do was being the guy who made announcers say things like this ...
Smith had the benefit of a top three defense , the best offensive and QB coach in the NFL and a great running game .
`` Alex Smith wo n't hurt your team out there ''
`` Alex Smith can avoid mistakes and protect a lead ''
`` Alex Smith is a steady player ''
Let 's face it , that 's the kind of stuff that was said about Smith . And do people not remember that any time the Niners got brought up as a legit contender for a Super Bowl , Alex Smith was always the `` but . ''
`` Yeah , the Niners look great , but it all rides on Smith not holding them back . ''
Be honest , you 've heard a statement exactly like that more than once the last two years . THIS is the guy we want the Chiefs to trade picks for ? Just remember these two interconnected thoughts ...
1 ) He 's never , ever been successful under any coach but Jim Harbough
2 ) Jim Harbaugh replaced Smith and is now willing to trade the guy
Seriously , think about that .
With Alex Smith , the absolute best case scenario is a game manager . The worst case is ... well , you can look at the stats for yourself regarding his first 5 years in the league .
Reid and Dorsey , you guys should know that Pioli was run out of town in large part because of his failure to address the QB situation in a viable manner . If you repeat that mistake your first year , that 's strike one .
Following the great demand , here are 49 Awesome Photography Hacks , Mods And DIY Projects .
Something for everyone with Tripod hacks , lighting hacks , light modifiers mods and a few crazy projects that are simply not classifiable .
Tripods Photography Projects
In this section tripod for macro photography , tripods for food photography , tripod for your bicycles . Did I say tripods ?
Light Stand Photography Projects
Here you 'll find all your light stand needs . If it 's mounting a flash where no flash can be mounted , clamping it , sticking it , of making a new lightstand out of PVC scraps .
Flash Accessory Photography Projects
Got a flash ? Good chances that you do , if you are reading this site . Here are some tweaks that will spoil your flash . Be it mounting , synchronizing with your camera or simply making a huge ring flash . There is even a jetpack hiding there .
Light Modifiers Photography Projects
If you 're a Strobist this is the section for you .
Pinhole Camera Photography Projects
This one 's for all the pinhole lovers . If you ca n't get over death of film we have some great film projects here – you wo n't even need a camera – you 'll build it . And if you 're all digital , well… that covered too .
General Lighting Photography Projects
This is where you can get your lighting fix . And no , those are not flashes .
Other Wacky Photography Projects
The rest of the ends and odds . If it 's into photography and have even the slightest DIY involved you 'll find it here . From custom shaped bokeh through joystick shutter release and ending in 3D DIY camera .
Still Hungry ?
Here are 43 more Photography Projects .
Know of more cool projects ? Hit us on the comments .
[ This is a new and improved edition of an old post , if you 've seen it before , simply give it a big hug and move on : ) ]
America 's drive-in movie theaters are on the brink of extinction . At their peak in the 1950s and '60s , the country boasted over 4000 of the open-air cinemas . Today , there are 368 , and these holdovers from the analog era are in trouble . The problem , as illustrated in this excellent L.A. Times piece , is that most of them still use traditional film projectors . Hollywood , where fortunes were built on celluloid , is getting ready to stop distributing film prints altogether after this year . Digital projection is now the norm .
Unfortunately for drive-in owners , digital projection is also an expensive upgrade , costing anywhere from $ 60,000 to $ 85,000 . What that means is that after this season , many drive-ins simply wo n't reopen , and another chunk of America 's car culture will be lost for good .
That 's where Honda comes in . The automaker just kicked off Project Drive-In , whose goal is to help save drive-ins from digitally-imposed doom . To that end , Honda is donating five digital projectors to the cause , and the public determines who gets them via an online polling campaign . In addition , it makes it easy for you to donate funds to directly benefit the preservation of drive-in theaters .
Listen , I 'm not naïve . I know you ca n't stop progress , and that no matter what , a good number of drive-in theaters will be out of business next year . But this is a good cause and a worthy effort by Honda . So go vote , go visit your local drive-in , and experience a piece of our car culture that 's worth preserving .
WASHINGTON — The White House unexpectedly backed down Friday in a confrontation with the government 's top ethics officer , announcing it will publicly disclose waivers that have been quietly handed out since January to let certain former lobbyists work in the administration .
The reversal came after the White House wrote last week to the Office of Government Ethics and asked its director to suspend his request for copies of the waivers . Such waivers are needed when officials want to work on policies or other government issues that they were directly involved in recently as private-sector lobbyists or industry lawyers .
The debate over the waivers — which were routinely made public during the Obama administration — has drawn heightened attention as the Trump administration has hired dozens of former lobbyists and lawyers , and is frequently placing them into jobs that overlap with the work they did for paying clients .
Both the Trump and Obama administrations have had ethics policies , signed by each president , that prohibit newly hired government officials from handing particular matters they worked on in the private sector for two years . If the new government hires were formerly lobbyists , they were prohibited from working on the same issue for two years .
Photo by Todd Reicher
11/20/2013 7:00 PM
Article By :
Rockford , Ill.- The Rockford IceHogs fell behind in the first period once again and were unable to complete a comeback , falling to the Abbotsford 4-2 .
After a high-sticking minor was called at 13:28 of the sandwich period on the Heat 's Michael Ferland , Rockford 's power play came on the ice and found the back of the net just 22 seconds into the power play . IceHogs winger Drew LeBlanc tipped an Adam Clendening shot past Heat goaltender Joey MacDonald to bring Rockford back within one at 2-1 with 6:10 left in the second .
With 6:59 left in the final stanza , Ferland found his way between two IceHogs defenders and slid a backhanded shot past the out stretched pad of Kent Simpson to stretch the Heat lead to 3-1 .
The IceHogs would n't give up just yet as defenseman Viktor Svedberg took a pass from Alex Broadhurst and fired a blast from the blue line to once again bring the Hogs within one at 3-2 with 8:27 left in regulation .
The comeback fell short for the IceHogs when Brett Olsen netted the empty-netter with 2.7 seconds left to play to secure a 4-2 win for Abbotsford .
The Heat notched the first marker of the game with 5:27 left in the first to make the game 1-0 . The Heat power play , ranked 6th in the league , connected on a slap shot by left wing Ben Hanowski . Abbotsford 's leading scorer Blair Jones found Hanowski across the blue line for the primary helper .
Just 1:29 into the second period the Heat added to their tally . Ferland stole the puck in the neutral zone and Simpson stopped the initial break-away shot but Heat centerman Paul Byron was there to tap the rebound home to make it 2-0 .
Next Home Game : Wednesday , Nov. 27 vs. Milwaukee Admirals . Game time is 7 p.m . The game will be a WXRX Dollar Day . Fans can purchase hot dogs , soda , beer and companion tickets for $ 1 . Fans can also purchase IceHogs jerseys for half off at Oink Outfitters .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A section of a beach has been cordoned off after a huge hole opened up and shot snails into the sky .
The coastguard were called to near Orcombe Point on Exmouth Beach in Devon at 12.47pm yesterday after the crater began to appear .
Officers attended the scene and discovered a hole measuring 15ft wide and 15ft deep had emerged and was filling with water .
Fresh holes began to appear around the original cavity , while the surrounding sand was also soft .
East Devon District Council ( EDDC ) cordoned off the area which may remain closed over the weekend .
( Image : Getty )
A council spokeswoman said the hole currently measured about 6ft and could have been due to `` a natural phenomena '' .
`` Council engineers are currently on site investigating and report that the sand around the hole is soft underfoot , '' the spokeswoman said .
`` They will continue to monitor the situation over the weekend and between tides .
`` The beach is very popular with dog walkers and bathers who are being advised to avoid the cordoned off area .
`` Heavy rain yesterday may be the cause of the hole - a natural phenomenon - to have opened up .
`` The council was alerted to the hole by Exmouth Coastguards yesterday lunchtime and council staff cordoned off the area before the tide came in and covered the area . ''
In a post on Facebook , Exmouth Coastguard said it was dispatched to deal with the hole at 12.47pm yesterday by the National Maritime Operations Centre .
( Image : PA )
`` On arrival a hole approx 15 ' x 15 ' had appeared and was filled with water , '' the post said .
`` The surrounding sand was also soft , with fresh holes appearing nearby .
`` A cordon was in place and safety advice was given to beach users .
`` On arrival of a civil engineer from EDDC the decision was made to enlarge the cordon as there was a concern that the hole may have been indicative a much larger chamber underneath .
`` An incoming tide will be flooding the hole later this evening allowing EDDC time to consider how to deal with the hole .
`` As this was now a matter for the local authority HM Coastguard returned to station . ''
Kite surf instructor James Dart told the BBC he had witnessed the hole appearing in the sand .
`` I looked over and there were big plumes of water coming out of the beach , it was all bubbling up much like a geyser , it was probably going about a foot above the beach - it was quite tremendous sight , '' he said .
`` I got closer and saw plant matter coming up , a few snails coming out too .
`` It was something to spice things up in the rain . ''
At the height of the Cold War , arguably no one in the CIA exercised more power than James Jesus Angleton , head of counterintelligence . He pioneered an illegal information-gathering campaign that spied on Americans ' mail ; he contravened United States nuclear policy , assisting Israel in developing nuclear weapons ; he obfuscated what the CIA knew about Lee Harvey Oswald , JFK 's alleged killer .
Jefferson Morley , an investigative reporter who has written for the Washington Post and the Atlantic , chronicles this complex history in his forthcoming biography The Ghost : The Secret Life of CIA Spymaster James Jesus Angleton . Morley became well acquainted with Angleton in the course of writing his first book , a biography of CIA Mexico City bureau chief Winston Scott , with whom Angleton was close . Nothing had been written about Angleton in recent years , and in January of 2015 , Morley realized it was time for a book . “ Angleton was kind of intellectual founding father of national security , ” Morley says , “ so his story is very important , because we still live under that regime . ”
You mention the Deep State in the intro of the book , and even though that maybe was n't in the common parlance at the time , Angleton operated outside the normal chain of command . Talk about how he was sort of the precursor to this so-called Deep State .
I 'm a little wary of the term “ Deep State ” because people misuse it a lot . But if we talk about the secret sector of the government—government agencies whose budgets and activities are secret , are classified information—that is now a huge sector of the US government . So Angleton 's really the father of the Deep State . He had the ideas of mass surveillance . Angleton wanted to get information about what Americans were saying and thinking in their dealings with the Soviet Union . So he opened every single piece of mail that went from the United States to the Soviet Union , coming or going . He was opening 10,000 letters a year . Before that , nobody dared open the mail . It was plainly illegal under US statute . But Angleton did it .
How does someone like Angleton acquire all this power within the structure of the CIA ?
Angleton was incredibly charismatic intellectually . He had a very deep vision of history and the Soviet intelligence operation . So he created this counterintelligence staff in 1954 , with the idea of preventing the KGB from penetrating US intelligence . And then he used that position to build an empire of his own , really to build a CIA within the CIA . His activities were even secret from the CIA itself . His vision of a kind of total counterintelligence capability—the US government still aspires to that . And Angleton was the guy who had the idea first .
Is there a modern day Angleton ?
I do n't know of anyone , but I would not doubt it . Because it 's in the nature of secret government and compartmentalized operations that people can build up immense power with no accountability over the years . So there could definitely be somebody like Angleton with a position of great power , that is completely unknown to most of the government .
You portray Angleton as this kind of all-powerful figure , instituting mass surveillance , and yet in spite of all that power , he was duped relatively easily . Most prominently with [ KGB double agent ] Kim Philby but there was also a striking anecdote in the book where the CIA was funneling all of this money to Poland , thinking that they were giving aid to the anti-Communists , when in fact it was going straight to the Communists . How do mistakes like this get made ?
Angleton made this colossal mistake of trusting Kim Philby . You know , some people might have said , “ If you make a mistake like that , you should lose your job. ” But in a secret system , it 's easier to say , “ Well , you know , we just screwed up. ” And everybody stays in place . So Angleton 's powers were protected by his secrecy , but his weaknesses were , too . And that 's part of the challenge of accountability in a secret system . If you do n't know somebody made a mistake , you ca n't take corrective action .
The last thing I want to ask you about is the JFK assassination .
I think that the story about Angleton and JFK is maybe the most important new thing in the book . And what 's new is , Angleton was using Oswald , the accused assassin , for intelligence purposes , before the assassination of President Kennedy . Now , that 's not to say anything about what caused the assassination of the president , right ? But it is a fact that Angleton was using Oswald for intelligence purposes . And that really changes our understanding of the assassination .
Had they met ? Was he running Oswald ?
He did not meet him . An intelligence professional would always work through cut-outs . But he was monitoring his file . He was receiving reports on his movements , and he was making decisions about them , it seems , for the purposes of understanding better Cuban intelligence operations in the Western hemisphere , in Mexico City . But I think that 's a very strong finding in the book , and it 's a very important one in understanding the JFK story . As the current document release [ set to take place next week ] shows , there 's still a great deal of material around the JFK assassination that is not in the public record . US government records that are still secret . So , we still do n't have a good explanation for the causes of JFK 's assassination , and the information that remained secret has to be considered potentially relevant to the historical understanding of the assassination .
Do you have a take on what actually happened ?
We know that the official story of a lone gunman who shot the president for no reason is false . Okay ? The accused assassin was a well-known quantity , a well-known personality to James Angleton and other senior operations officers . Whether Oswald killed the president or not , the fact that he was so well known to senior intelligence officers means that they were culpable in some way in the president 's death . Could you indict them on conspiracy charges and prove them guilty beyond a reasonable doubt ? No . Could you say that the preponderance of evidence points to that they were responsible for the wrongful death of the president ? I think so . No , there 's no smoking gun . But the picture of the wrongful death of the president , and the culpability of senior CIA officials , that 's coming into view now .
This interview has been lightly edited for clarity .
Join the conversation !
The history of Japanese science fiction usually begins with the 1880 translations of Jules Verne 's From The Earth to the Moon and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . Most Japanese science fiction of this era bears Verne 's influence , most notably Shunro Oshikawa ( 1877-1914 ) and his six book `` Undersea Warship '' series . But this is not the entire story of 19th century Japanese science fiction . Japan has a separate tradition of science fiction which has nothing to do with Verne .
Illustration by James Ng .
As noted in Kyoko Kurita 's `` Meiji Japan 's Y23 Crisis and the Discovery of the Future : Suehiro Tetcho 's Nijusan-nnen mirai-ki '' ( Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies , June 2000 ) , `` in Japanese literary history , the classical genre dealing directly with the coordination of the past , the present , and ( at least nominally ) the future is that of the mirai-ki ( records of the future ) . '' The original mirai-ki were set in the far past and discussed the narrator 's future and the reader 's past , so that a typical mirai-ki might be written and read in the year 1000 but purportedly written in the year 800 and discussing the events of 900 .
Advertisement
As Kyoko says :
These accounts had little to do explicitly with what we consider `` the future . '' What is presented ... is already the past for the actual author and reader : such a work explains , in a way that supports the author 's view of the current situation , how and why history developed as it did ... the goal of such an activity of course , was also to re-orient the readership so as to set a new course for the future .
The first mirai-ki were attributed to Shotoku Taishi ( 574-622 ) , beginning in the Heian period ( 794-1185 ) . Shotoku was considered for centuries to be the `` Buddha of Japan '' and to have superhuman abilities , including the power to foretell the future , and mirai-ki supposedly written by him were little different from the prophecies he had supposedly uttered during his lifetime .
Advertisement
A revival of the practice of writing mirai-ki began in 1054 after a stone box was dug up at a construction site at Horyuji Temple . Per Kyoko , `` the text predicts its own discovery 430 years after ... Shotoku 's death ( i.e. , approximately at the time it was unearthed ) and further predicts that a king and his ministers will build a temple tower to pursue Buddhist teachings . '' During the Edo Period ( 1603-1868 ) the mirai-ki became a tool for farce and social satire by kibyoshi ( picture books ) and kabuki authors , a practice that continued into the early Meiji period ( 1868-1912 ) .
However , in 1874 , a Japanese translation of Dutch scientist Pieter Harting 's The Year 2065 ; A Glimpse Into the Future ( 1865 ) was published , and this sparked a vogue for a type of mirai-ki which not only explain the past but describe the future . In The Year 2065 the narrator dreams that he is in `` Londinia '' ( London ) in the year 2065 . He takes a dirigible trip from Londinia to Melbourne , accompanied by Roger Bacon , the 13th century philosopher , and by Phantasia , a young woman from this future , and Phantasia tells both Bacon and the narrator about life in the future .
Harting 's concept of a dream encounter was widely adopted by Japanese romance writers . But more importantly as far as science fiction is concerned it was taken up by political writers and adopted for use in mirai-ki . As Kyoko says , `` Early to mid-Meiji Japan was an age of radical disjuncture , when it became clear that the nation had to be liberated from its past to survive . Japanese realized that — no matter how vaguely or simplistically — the future had to be imagined and created . ''
Advertisement
The popular vehicle for imagining and creating the future was in futurological novels : future history mirai-ki . Over 100 future history mirai-ki were published , with 20 appearing in 1887 alone . However , following a very public 1888 denunciation of the future history mirai-ki by the influential novelist and critic Tsubouchi Shoyo , who had himself written a popular future history mirai-ki in 1887 , the popularity of the future history mirai-ki rapidly declined , although it never entirely died off and in fact underwent a brief revival in the early 1900s .
As Kyoko describes them , the future history mirai-ki were not explicit descriptions of the future , and did not spend time describing possible changes in technology or society , but instead were focused on describing the political future of Meiji Japan and how the country 's future government should be run . Set in the near future , their concern is to justify the co-existence of a Diet system alongside the Emperor and to describe the ideal Japanese constitution and Diet .
The most popular of the future history mirai-ki was in fact a dystopia . Journalist Suehiro Tetcho 's The Year 23 : A Record of the Future ( 1885 ) , set in 1890 , became a national phenomenon for its description of the way the Diet , which was much discussed and anticipated in 1885 but which did not become a reality until 1889 , was a dysfunctional , chaotic mess . The Year 23 is pessimistic : `` it is painful to think of how little progress we made in that time , in cultivating our knowledge and skills . '' But Tetcho 's concern is purely political , focusing on the need for governmental reform and for the public to abandon its political apathy and become involved in crafting Japan 's future . Tetcho is unconcerned with describing a future , although he does predict the spread of newspapers and their integration into people 's daily lives .
Advertisement
Most of the future history mirai-ki are science fictional only with regard to setting and the forecast of the government 's development . But two novels strike overtly science fictional notes . Suehiro Tetcho 's Setchubai ( 1887 ) , set in the year 2040 , briefly describes the city of the future , although Tetcho can only envision it as full of working electricity , trains connecting all the cities of Japan , and Japanese battleships covering the ocean . More intriguingly , Ryuso Gaishi 's The Year 23 : A Record of the Future ( 1883 ) begins with an introduction that voices an approach similar to Asimovian psychohistory . The introduction claims that all phenomena work according to logical principles , and that therefore humans could predict the future :
Everything in the world , whether organic or inorganic , changes according to a certain principle . If the proper computations are conducted , based on a study of such principles , is there anything in the world that can not be predicted ?
Despite being mostly forgotten today — a Google search for Ryuso Gaishi , for example , yields only one hit — the future history mirai-ki were popular in their day and presented the Japanese reading public with an example of native science fiction different from what was being translated from the West .
Janet Reno with her “ Saturday Night Live ” impersonator Will Ferrell during dress rehearsal of the final ‘ “ Janet Reno 's Dance Party ” in 2001 . ( Mary Ellen Matthews/NBC/AP )
Janet Reno , who died Monday at 78 , made history in 1993 when she became the first female U.S. attorney general . She played a major role in the decade 's most high-profile legal entanglements , including the siege in Waco and the investigation into then-President Bill Clinton 's relationship with Monica Lewinsky .
Even as she blazed trails as one of the country 's highest-ranking female officials , her place within popular culture became synonymous with Will Ferrell 's impersonation on “ Saturday Night Live. ” But Ferrell 's take on Reno was more of a caricature than an imitation of the actual woman .
Janet Reno , a pioneering lawyer who served as the country 's second longest serving attorney general and its first female one , died on Nov. 7 at the age of 78 . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
In the recurring sketch “ Janet Reno 's Dance Party , ” Ferrell plays a tough-talking , takes-no-crap government official who finds refuge in the dance parties she regularly hosts in her basement . Clinton sometimes shows up to try to persuade her to return to Washington . She rebuffs him , and continues her jerky , enthusiastic dancing with the crowd of teenagers in attendance .
( Saturday Night Live/Giphy )
“ I really like dancing to that one , ” Reno would declare . “ I want to dance to that one again. ” The rock music kicks back in .
Sometimes , Reno interviews teens who quickly wear on her nerves . “ Shut your mouth , you dirty liar , ” she would retort .
In one sketch , she challenges then-New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani to a boxing match . In another , she slow-dances with Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala , played by Kevin Spacey .
Ferrell began playing Reno in 1997 . The part carried many characteristic Ferrell SNL mannerisms — loud , angry people whose serious presence bordered on absurdity . Ferrell told The Washington Post magazine in 1998 his only goal with the Reno sketches was to be silly :
The idea crossed his mind because he was interested in doing a part that 's “ broad and physical. ” Then his girlfriend independently came up with the idea , and that solidified the notion . He liked the visual humor of a “ large woman manhandling people. ” “ I originally wanted to do this thing where she was almost like a bodyguard for President Clinton , ” Ferrell says , “ and they 'd be in Cabinet meetings and she would n't say anything , and then if Clinton did n't like the person she 'd be like , ` Bill , do you want me to get rid of him ? ' ” Instead , he and co-writer Scott Wainio came up with Janet Reno 's dance party . In these segments , Reno is shown in trademark blue dress , partying in her basement , introducing guests mainly for the sake of humiliating them , quizzing teenagers and then telling them to shut up . “ We just kind of created this , like , tough woman who lives in this make-believe world , ” he says .
The sketch came while the public struggled to figure out what to make of Reno . Here was a tall , serious , quiet attorney who cared little about her public image , who was a woman , who was n't married and was in one of the most powerful positions in the country . “ The culture gropes for an archetype , a way to understand her , some means of comparison , ” The Post wrote in 1998 .
Attorney General Janet Reno , with President Bill Clinton and James Brady , speaks at the White House on Feb. 28 , 1995 . ( Wilfredo Lee/AP )
Late-night comics joked about her physical stature , her clothing , her sexuality . When some of these barbs were read for her in 1998 , Reno remarked , “ I think people are having fun. ” As for SNL 's take , “ I thought it was just kind of a spoof of this 6-foot-1 big old girl , ” she told the Post in 1998 . “ I ca n't figure out why anybody 's that interested in me . ”
Ferrell , for his part , was n't really going for a mirror impersonation of Reno . “ I just sound the way she looks , ” he told The Post in 1998 . He later added : “ I hate to break it down into something as simple as the fact that she 's tall , but it 's almost as simple as that . ”
Former Justice Department public affairs director Carl Stern , after watching a sketch in 1998 showing Ferrell-as-Reno fantasizing alone in her bedroom , told The Post , “ What 's grating is that the attorney general has not only a very normal sort of life but a nice life . Both in Florida and in Washington she has a great many friends whose homes she visits , and she goes to plays , her dance card is full . ”
He continued : “ To portray her as a wallflower that nobody asks to dance is not only demeaning but inaccurate . She 's a woman with a very active , full life — as I said , her dance card is full . ”
Indeed , Reno 's real-life dancing ( reports emerged about her impressive moves at a Justice Department party ) apparently inspired the dance party theme .
Janet Reno , then a Florida gubernatorial candidate , dances with a supporter at her dance party in Miami Beach in 2002 . ( Michael Laughlin/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP )
But Reno did get in on the joke . During her unsuccessful gubernatorial run , she held a “ Janet Reno 's Dance Party ” campaign event at a trendy nightclub in Florida . She referenced the sketch often in speeches . Supporters cited her attitude toward the Ferrell impersonation as evidence of her down-to-earth nature .
Reno confronts Ferrell . ( Mary Ellen Matthews/NBC via AP )
And on her last day as attorney general , she appeared on “ Saturday Night Live , ” joining Ferrell playing her alter-ego dance party host to thunderous applause .
“ Hi Janet , ” Ferrell said .
“ Your mouth , just zip it , ” Reno said , mimicking the caricature that Ferrell had developed . “ I like your dress , Janet . ”
“ Thanks Janet , I like yours , too , ” Ferrell said . “ Oh Janet , I ca n't believe I have to say goodbye . What do you do when you get sad ? ”
“ I just dance , ” Reno said . “ Now , hit it ! ”
“ Twist and Shout ” begins playing , and they happily dance .
Read more :
R.I.P . Janet Reno , a formidable Floridian
The weird ways people have been fired from ‘ Saturday Night Live '
The most memorable comedy moments of the Obama presidency
10 – Doodling T-Shirt
09 – Curtain T-Shirt
08 – FedEx T-Shirt
07 – Holigan T-Shirt
06 – Pen Holder T-Shirt
05 – Sixpack T-Shirt
04 – Beer Table T-Shirt
03 – Zombie T-Shirt
02 – Sweat Meter T-Shirt
01 – Joypad T-Shirt
If you would like to stand out of the crowd you can try to wear a unique , functional t-shirt . You can find many different t-shirt designs from various brands . Personally i see many companies copy each others ideas and release their own version . This copy cat method is draining exposure from the trend setters and killing the innovation . Below examples are not like them . Check out 10 Most Functional T-Shirt Designs . If you like t-shirts with funny messages , you should definitely check our one of the most popular list ‘ ' 10 Most Inappropriate T-Shirts To Get Arrested In '' too . Also do n't forget to share your favourite one in comments section .
Big Freedia returns to RVA this Oct. with “ shaking , twerking , bouncing , wobbling , wiggling , bending over , busting open , all of that ”
We 've been into Big Freedia for some time now and that 's because she 's incredibly bad ass and takes little to no shit from anyone . She also kills it on the stage and the dance floor with her unruly beats and high energy performances .
Luckily for local uninitiated , Freedia will return to RVA this fall when she takes the stage at Strange Matter on Oct. 15th .
Check out the track “ Dangerous ” off her most recent album , 2014′s Just Be Free :
The real game changer for Freedia was some of her early work , including the still bang'n “ Excuse : ”
We 've had the pleasure of interviewing Freedia a number of times on her trips to town . A particularly memorable interview included a breakdown of the dance move often associated with her music , twerking , and the reality of the situation which actually involves a lot more than just the twerk .
I want you to put one thing up because I 'm clearing this up in my interviews and all of the media . They 're starting to use the word twerking a whole lot , which is one part of what we do inside of bounce music , is twerking . We use many styles of dance in bounce music , which is shaking , twerking , bouncing , wobbling , wiggling , bending over , busting open , all of that , and I just want them to bring that back to bounce music . No matter [ whether ] they call it twerking , wobbling , shaking , it 's bounce music at the end of the day . They did n't just twerk it , they bounced it , first of all .
Now that Miley Cyrus has made this twerking , so-called , video , she 's doing bounce music , period . And she 's using one of the twerking terms–we use twerking as one of the terms . We 've used that for a long time . Like I said , I just bring the fuel for the dances that we do , and twerking is one of them . I 'm just getting that back around , so that we can keep it within our genre and let them know where it comes from .
What was your reaction to the Miley Cyrus video then ?
I was excited about it . She 's not doing anything to help bounce music get to that next level , but now that she has been twerking , everybody 's like , “ I wan na twerk like Miley Cyrus. ” No , it 's twerk like Big Freedia , because Big Freedia has been twerking before Miley Cyrus . You 're like the second person I 've mentioned it to , so you 'll be able to get that out there . It will be in every interview from now on .
The performer 's shows are marked by lots of ass shaking and booty sweat . Make sure you take part in both when Freedia returns to RVA Oct. 15th . Snag your tickets here !
From The Cutting Room Floor
Learn with Pokémon : Typing Adventure Also known as : Battle & Get ! Pokémon Typing DS ( JP )
Developer : Genius Sonority
Publisher : Nintendo
Platform : Nintendo DS
Released in JP : April 21 , 2011
Released in EU : September 21 , 2012
Released in AU : January 10 , 2013
This game has hidden development-related text .
This game has unused graphics .
This game has unused sounds .
This game has regional differences .
Learn with Pokémon : Typing Adventure is ( surprise ! ) a Pokémon game that continues the proud tradition set by House of the Dead of having a silly typing trainer spin-off . Despite going so far as to use a Bluetooth adapter in the cart , it was never released in the US .
Unused Graphics
Leftover Banner
An uncompressed , seemingly placeholder DS menu banner graphic ( possibly a leftover from development of 100 Classic Books , also by Genius Sonority ) is present under the banner directory .
A few DS games share this unused-banner oddity but in most games the `` unused '' banner is just a duplicate of the used one .
Early Final
`` Press the Enter Key ''
This file , /data/menu/dummy_moji.bin is a CARC file containing the texture seen above , which reads `` Press the Enter Key '' .
3D Models
Two CARC files containing models remain in the game under /data/mapobject/3d/ : 3d_house_test.imdbin and 3d_truck_dummy.imdbin . The first , as its name suggests , is a simple , two-wall-and-roof house model ( texture at right ) . The second lacks any textures .
Unused Audio
To do :
How unused are these ? Need to check Japanese version .
There are a number of unused voice clips from the game 's announcer , Paige Down , in NDS STRM format . In the English-language release , these were left un-localized .
In addition ( and not collected below ) , there are unused Japanese voice clips for each individual variety of Unown ( a single species of Pokémon which comes in 28 different forms : the letters of the English alphabet plus ? and ! ) , while the English release uses just one `` Unown '' clip . Lastly , there 's Japanese announcements for the Pokémon cut from the English release ( see Regional Differences , below ) .
In several directories under /data/mapobject ( as well as /dataUK/mapopject in the European version ) are the following dummy files :
000.txt このフォルダ内のファイルIDの先頭を求めるためのダミーファイルです。 Translation : This is a dummy file for determining the beginning of file IDs in this folder . zzzzzzzz.txt このフォルダ内のファイルIDの最後を求めるためのダミーファイルです。 Translation : This is a dummy file for determining the end of file IDs in this folder .
Internal Project Name
The project 's internal name is `` texas '' according to multiple filenames .
Regional Differences
To do :
Which assets remain for the deleted Pokémon ? French/German-specific differences ? Which mons were moved and to where ?
Several Pokémon which were able to be `` researched '' in the Japanese game are no longer available in the English version ( and possibly the other European editions ) . Surskit , Staravia , Ferrothorn and Heatmor are all MIA , although remnants of these Pokémon do still exist in the English ROM : e.g . the Japanese announcer 's voice clips for them remain , un-localized .
Due to the different naming of many Pokémon across regions ( and the fact that this is a game about typing names of Pokémon ) , some of the mons in the initial missions were relocated from their Japanese positions to different paths in order to accommodate a smooth difficulty curve for tutorial purposes .
Labour has said it will scrap hospital parking charges
Hospital parking charges would be axed under a Labour government , Jeremy Corbyn will announce today .
If he wins the General Election , all parking for patients , visitors and staff at hospitals in England would be free of charge - funded by a tax hike for those with private health insurance .
Labour says the plans would cost £162m , to be paid for by increasing Insurance Premium Tax on holders of private insurance from the current level of 12 % , up to 20 % .
Parking charges at hospitals , levied by cash-strapped NHS trusts , have reached record levels in England . They collected at least £120m in 2015 - up by 5 % , according to the Press Association .
Are you willing to pay more tax for the NHS ?
: : Hospitals charge nurses £90 a month to park their cars
Mr Corbyn , who is today meeting student nurses in Worcester , says : `` Labour will end hospital parking charges , which place an unfair and unnecessary burden on families , patients and NHS staff . Hospital parking charges are a tax on serious illnesses .
`` Our hospitals are struggling from under-funding at the hands of Theresa May 's Conservative government , but the gap should not be filled by charging sick patients , anxious relatives and already hard-pressed NHS staff for an essential service . ''
Labour described the policy as `` scrapping the subsidy for people that can afford it , rather than charging people who ca n't '' .
Last month , Freedom of Information request by Unison revealed some hospitals are charging staff , including nurses , nearly £100 a month to park , resulting in nurses having to rush out between appointments to move their cars and avoid fines .
Around 10 % of the UK population - four million adults - have private health insurance , and the annual costs can run to thousands of pounds per year .
Lib Dems pledge 1p tax rise for the NHS
The proposed tax hike would raise at least £220m and up to £377m , according to Labour Party research .
They say hospital trusts , who contact out their parking to private companies , would have the bill reimbursed for the duration of the contract .
Trusts would be `` more than reimbursed '' from what they lose by making parking free of charge , party officials said .
Hospital trusts set their own parking charges . In 2014 , Jeremy Hunt the health secretary issued new guidance to trusts after an outcry about parking charges , to try to curb `` excessive '' costs . But some trusts continued to increase charges .
A party source said that as with Labour 's recent pledge to levy VAT on private school fees to fund free school meals , it was `` a policy for the many not the few - the many will benefit '' .
Patient groups say the charges in England are unfair . Hospital parking in Wales and Scotland is largely free of charge .
Election campaign in a minute
Labour cites a report claiming around 80 % of private medical insurance policies are now purchased `` by corporate employers on behalf of wealthier high-skilled employees '' .
Some hospital trusts have allowed parking charges to soar to shocking levels in recent years .
A recent investigation by the Daily Mirror found that Heart of England NHS Trust in Birmingham raked in £4.8m from parking charges in 2015 - £3.5m of it from patients and the rest from staff .
East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust and University Hospital Southampton both made more than £3.3m in the same year .
: : Do n't miss your chance to catch up on all the day 's General Election news with Sophy Ridge in The Campaign : weekdays at 9pm on Sky News .
A South Canterbury public toilet with one of the region 's new road crash maps with messages for tourists
South Canterbury 's public toilets have become a novel location for pitching road safety messages to tourist drivers .
Maps in public toilets showing crash sites over the past five years are giving safety warnings in Chinese , Indian , Japanese and Filipino .
The maps , placed above urinals and on the inside of toilet doors , also link readers to websites with road safety messages in 14 languages .
Tourists are being given the safety warnings and driver tips at 60 men and women 's toilets around South Canterbury .
FAIRFAX NZ South Canterbury road crashes from 2011 to 2015 , as displayed on maps in toilets around the region .
READ MORE :
* Opinion : The most dangerous month for foreign drivers is coming
* One million foreign drivers are on their way , but should we be afraid of them ?
* Crash data shows danger level of foreign drivers
South Canterbury Road Safety co-ordinator Daniel Naude said the signs were mostly aimed at foreign tourists , and toilets provided a captive audience .
It was difficult to get people to read road safety information , but he realised signs in toilets could make for good reading for `` 30 seconds when there 's nothing to do '' .
NZ Transport Agency ( NZTA ) statistics showed 625 injury crashes were reported in South Canterbury from 2011 to 2015 . Just over 50 – or 8 per cent – involved overseas drivers .
From nearly 2000 injury or non-injury crashes in that time , 28 per cent involved losing control or head-ons at a bend , 27 per cent were rear ends or obstruction . Eighteen per cent were head-ons or losing control on a straight road and 17 per cent involved crossing or turning .
Naude said tourists were especially vulnerable if they thought New Zealand roads were quick and easy . A drive from Christchurch to Queenstown might look like five hours on a map , but the AA website estimated that it would take five hours and 41 minutes from central Christchurch , without a stop , for the 510km trip .
The toilet map sites included Geraldine , Fairlie , Tekapo , Twizeland Mt Cook .
Naude was negotiating with Department of Conservation for more maps around Mt Cook , and had heard from a Queenstown business group interested in the idea . He hoped NZTA 's crash statistics for last Christmas , expected to be available by March , would show the signs had made a difference .
Highlighting road crashes was not popular , but the public response had mostly been positive , Naude said .
In a bizarre tribute , someone had stolen one of the signs from a toilet at Tekapo . `` I do n't know . . . maybe they liked the frame or something . ''
The maps cost South Canterbury 's three district councils just a few thousand dollars and were based on NZTA 's national crash statistics from June 2010 to June 2015 .
Queenstown Lakes District Council transport manager Denis Mander said he had seen one of the maps at a toilet at Pukaki and thought the idea was `` brilliant '' .
The council was working with NZTA on road safety programmes for tourists in Otago and Southland , including information for hotel guides .
The material would include estimated journey times , especially for busy routes like Queenstown to Milford Sound , which tourists mistakenly thought was a fast drive .
NZTA , tourism operators and southern councils were also putting safety messages on the back of buses and in rental car handouts , and more rumble strips were being added to roads .
NZTA road safety staff in Christchurch were not immediately aware of the map rollout .
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Israeli forces have killed nearly 2,300 Palestinians and injured 7,700 in Gaza over the last five years , the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Thursday .
Some 27 percent of the fatalities in Gaza were women and children , the UN agency said in a report highlighting the effects of Israel 's blockade .
The land , sea and air blockade of Gaza entered its sixth year on Thursday .
Under the blockade , exports have dropped to less than 3 percent of 2006 levels .
`` The continued ban on the transfer of goods from Gaza to its traditional markets in the West Bank and Israel , along with the severe restrictions on access to agricultural land and fishing waters , prevents sustainable growth and perpetuates the high levels of unemployment ,
food insecurity and aid dependency , '' UNOCHA said .
Israel 's naval blockade has undermined the livelihood of 35,000 fishermen , and farmers have lost around 75,000 tons of produce each year due to Israeli restrictions along Gaza 's land border , it added .
Meanwhile , Israeli restrictions on imports have led to the growth of the smuggling trade . At least 172 Palestinians have been killed working in tunnels under Gaza 's border with Egypt , the report said .
Despite the risks , young men are still drawn to tunnel work in Gaza , where more than half the youth is unemployed and 44 percent of people are food insecure .
Mark Regev , spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , said Thursday that the blockade was necessary because Gaza 's ruling party Hamas is a `` terrorist organization . ''
`` All cargo going into Gaza must be checked because Gaza is controlled by Hamas , an internationally recognized terrorist organization , '' Regev told Reuters in response to a petition by 50 aid groups , including six UN agencies , calling on Israel to lift the blockade .
An increasing number of uninsured and under-insured dental patients are resorting to Ottawa 's emergency rooms for treatment , according to a new report to be presented before the Ottawa Board of Health Monday .
The research by Ottawa Public Health found a 52-per-cent increase in emergency room visits for dental care between 2004 and 2014 . In total , there were 1,740 visits to the city 's hospital emergency rooms for dental services in 2014 for `` conditions that should have been managed in the community , '' the report said .
According to the report , the emergency visits included treatment for cavities , eroded teeth and gingivitis . With an average cost of $ 513 per emergency visit , the estimated public bill is close to $ 900,000 .
While 70 per cent of the city 's residents have dental coverage , `` those without insurance are about five times more likely to use dental services only in an emergency ( 34 per cent ) compared to those with insurance ( seven per cent ) , '' the report said .
If they ca n't afford the [ dental ] work ... it 's a very sad situation . - Dr. Jonathan Mayer , Ottawa Hospital Dental Clinic
Ottawa Public Health has been trying to divert uninsured dental patients away from hospital emergency rooms , where care is expensive and physicians are generally not equipped to do more than offer pain relief or antibiotics , said Aaron Burry , OPH 's dental officer of health .
The report highlights the opening of a new clinic serving aboriginal patients beginning in January .
'It 's a very sad situation '
The problem is going to get worse if the province does not find a better way to fund preventative care for people who are not adequately insured , said Dr. Jonathan Mayer , director of the Ottawa Hospital 's Dental Clinic .
Mayer said he 's has had patients — some in their early 20s — who have had to make very difficult choices because they lack insurance .
`` If they ca n't afford the [ dental ] work , and it comes down to either continually having infections and pain or having your teeth taken out and getting dentures , it 's a very sad situation , '' he said .
Dr. Jonathan Mayer says he 's seeing more patients seek care only once a problem becomes an emergency . ( Amanda Pfeffer )
There is also growing evidence about the links between poor dental health and other health problems , including cardiovascular disease and diabetes , said Mayer .
Most children under the age of 18 are covered in Ontario , if not through private insurance , then through various programs including the Healthy Smiles Ontario program .
But among adults , according to Mayer , `` we 're not doing so well . ''
Seniors , workers without benefits most vulnerable
Seniors and workers without benefits are among the most likely to put off preventative dental care , said Mayer .
Even among those with dental coverage through social assistance programs like Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support Program ( ODSP ) , coverage can be inadequate , said Mayer .
Emergency care is covered under Ontario Works , but in a situation where a patient needs all of his or her teeth removed , the individual may have to then foot the bill for dentures — and many ca n't afford that , he said .
While ODSP covers basic care like regular cleanings , the program pays well below private dental insurance and has led many dentists to stop taking patients who are on government assistance . It 's a problem that 's created an added barrier to accessing dental care , said Mayer .
Costs borne by public health care system
People should n't have to suffer another 10 years . - Jacquie Maund , AOHC
According to research commissioned by the Association of Ontario Health Centres , the burden of cost to the public health care system is province-wide .
Approximately 60,000 dental patients found their way into Ontario emergency rooms in 2014 , at a cost of $ 30 million , said Jacquie Maund , the AOHC 's lead on policy and government relations .
An additional 230,000 people in 2014 visited their family doctors for help , at a cost of $ 8 million , where `` they get no treatment , just painkillers , '' said Maund .
While the Ontario government committed last year to extend some dental benefits to low-income adults by 2025 , Maund said her organization is calling on Health Minister Eric Hoskins to move that commitment up to 2018 .
Given the costs associated with family doctors and emergency room physicians treating dental patients , there 's a strong financial argument for fixing the system sooner , said Maund .
`` People should n't have to suffer another 10 years , '' Maund said .
1524 . ( a ) A search warrant may be issued upon any of the following grounds :
( 1 ) When the property was stolen or embezzled .
( 2 ) When the property or things were used as the means of committing a felony .
( 3 ) When the property or things are in the possession of any person with the intent to use them as a means of committing a public offense , or in the possession of another to whom he or she may have delivered them for the purpose of concealing them or preventing them from being discovered .
( 4 ) When the property or things to be seized consist of any item or constitute any evidence that tends to show a felony has been committed , or tends to show that a particular person has committed a felony .
( 5 ) When the property or things to be seized consist of evidence that tends to show that sexual exploitation of a child , in violation of Section 311.3 , or possession of matter depicting sexual conduct of a person under 18 years of age , in violation of Section 311.11 , has occurred or is occurring .
( 6 ) When there is a warrant to arrest a person .
( 7 ) When a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service has records or evidence , as specified in Section 1524.3 , showing that property was stolen or embezzled constituting a misdemeanor , or that property or things are in the possession of any person with the intent to use them as a means of committing a misdemeanor public offense , or in the possession of another to whom he or she may have delivered them for the purpose of concealing them or preventing their discovery .
( 8 ) When the property or things to be seized include an item or any evidence that tends to show a violation of Section 3700.5 of the Labor Code , or tends to show that a particular person has violated Section 3700.5 of the Labor Code .
( 9 ) When the property or things to be seized include a firearm or any other deadly weapon at the scene of , or at the premises occupied or under the control of the person arrested in connection with , a domestic violence incident involving a threat to human life or a physical assault as provided in Section 18250 . This section does not affect warrantless seizures otherwise authorized by Section 18250 .
( 10 ) When the property or things to be seized include a firearm or any other deadly weapon that is owned by , or in the possession of , or in the custody or control of , a person described in subdivision ( a ) of Section 8102 of the Welfare and Institutions Code .
( 11 ) When the property or things to be seized include a firearm that is owned by , or in the possession of , or in the custody or control of , a person who is subject to the prohibitions regarding firearms pursuant to Section 6389 of the Family Code , if a prohibited firearm is possessed , owned , in the custody of , or controlled by a person against whom a protective order has been issued pursuant to Section 6218 of the Family Code , the person has been lawfully served with that order , and the person has failed to relinquish the firearm as required by law .
( 12 ) When the information to be received from the use of a tracking device constitutes evidence that tends to show that either a felony , a misdemeanor violation of the Fish and Game Code , or a misdemeanor violation of the Public Resources Code has been committed or is being committed , tends to show that a particular person has committed a felony , a misdemeanor violation of the Fish and Game Code , or a misdemeanor violation of the Public Resources Code , or is committing a felony , a misdemeanor violation of the Fish and Game Code , or a misdemeanor violation of the Public Resources Code , or will assist in locating an individual who has committed or is committing a felony , a misdemeanor violation of the Fish and Game Code , or a misdemeanor violation of the Public Resources Code . A tracking device search warrant issued pursuant to this paragraph shall be executed in a manner meeting the requirements specified in subdivision ( b ) of Section 1534 .
( 13 ) When a sample of the blood of a person constitutes evidence that tends to show a violation of Section 23140 , 23152 , or 23153 of the Vehicle Code and the person from whom the sample is being sought has refused an officer 's request to submit to , or has failed to complete , a blood test as required by Section 23612 of the Vehicle Code , and the sample will be drawn from the person in a reasonable , medically approved manner . This paragraph is not intended to abrogate a court 's mandate to determine the propriety of the issuance of a search warrant on a case-by-case basis .
( 14 ) Beginning January 1 , 2016 , the property or things to be seized are firearms or ammunition or both that are owned by , in the possession of , or in the custody or control of a person who is the subject of a gun violence restraining order that has been issued pursuant to Division 3.2 ( commencing with Section 18100 ) of Title 2 of Part 6 , if a prohibited firearm or ammunition or both is possessed , owned , in the custody of , or controlled by a person against whom a gun violence restraining order has been issued , the person has been lawfully served with that order , and the person has failed to relinquish the firearm as required by law .
( b ) The property , things , person , or persons described in subdivision ( a ) may be taken on the warrant from any place , or from any person in whose possession the property or things may be .
( c ) Notwithstanding subdivision ( a ) or ( b ) , no search warrant shall issue for any documentary evidence in the possession or under the control of any person who is a lawyer as defined in Section 950 of the Evidence Code , a physician as defined in Section 990 of the Evidence Code , a psychotherapist as defined in Section 1010 of the Evidence Code , or a member of the clergy as defined in Section 1030 of the Evidence Code , and who is not reasonably suspected of engaging or having engaged in criminal activity related to the documentary evidence for which a warrant is requested unless the following procedure has been complied with :
( 1 ) At the time of the issuance of the warrant , the court shall appoint a special master in accordance with subdivision ( d ) to accompany the person who will serve the warrant . Upon service of the warrant , the special master shall inform the party served of the specific items being sought and that the party shall have the opportunity to provide the items requested . If the party , in the judgment of the special master , fails to provide the items requested , the special master shall conduct a search for the items in the areas indicated in the search warrant .
( 2 ) ( A ) If the party who has been served states that an item or items should not be disclosed , they shall be sealed by the special master and taken to court for a hearing .
( B ) At the hearing , the party searched shall be entitled to raise any issues that may be raised pursuant to Section 1538.5 as well as a claim that the item or items are privileged , as provided by law . The hearing shall be held in the superior court . The court shall provide sufficient time for the parties to obtain counsel and make any motions or present any evidence . The hearing shall be held within three days of the service of the warrant unless the court makes a finding that the expedited hearing is impracticable . In that case the matter shall be heard at the earliest possible time .
( C ) If an item or items are taken to court for a hearing , any limitations of time prescribed in Chapter 2 ( commencing with Section 799 ) of Title 3 of Part 2 shall be tolled from the time of the seizure until the final conclusion of the hearing , including any associated writ or appellate proceedings .
( 3 ) The warrant shall , whenever practicable , be served during normal business hours . In addition , the warrant shall be served upon a party who appears to have possession or control of the items sought . If , after reasonable efforts , the party serving the warrant is unable to locate the person , the special master shall seal and return to the court , for determination by the court , any item that appears to be privileged as provided by law .
( d ) ( 1 ) As used in this section , a “ special master ” is an attorney who is a member in good standing of the California State Bar and who has been selected from a list of qualified attorneys that is maintained by the State Bar particularly for the purposes of conducting the searches described in this section . These attorneys shall serve without compensation . A special master shall be considered a public employee , and the governmental entity that caused the search warrant to be issued shall be considered the employer of the special master and the applicable public entity , for purposes of Division 3.6 ( commencing with Section 810 ) of Title 1 of the Government Code , relating to claims and actions against public entities and public employees . In selecting the special master , the court shall make every reasonable effort to ensure that the person selected has no relationship with any of the parties involved in the pending matter . Any information obtained by the special master shall be confidential and may not be divulged except in direct response to inquiry by the court .
( 2 ) In any case in which the magistrate determines that , after reasonable efforts have been made to obtain a special master , a special master is not available and would not be available within a reasonable period of time , the magistrate may direct the party seeking the order to conduct the search in the manner described in this section in lieu of the special master .
( e ) Any search conducted pursuant to this section by a special master may be conducted in a manner that permits the party serving the warrant or his or her designee to accompany the special master as he or she conducts his or her search . However , that party or his or her designee may not participate in the search nor shall he or she examine any of the items being searched by the special master except upon agreement of the party upon whom the warrant has been served .
( f ) As used in this section , “ documentary evidence ” includes , but is not limited to , writings , documents , blueprints , drawings , photographs , computer printouts , microfilms , X-rays , files , diagrams , ledgers , books , tapes , audio and video recordings , films , and papers of any type or description .
( g ) No warrant shall issue for any item or items described in Section 1070 of the Evidence Code .
( h ) Notwithstanding any other law , no claim of attorney work product as described in Chapter 4 ( commencing with Section 2018.010 ) of Title 4 of Part 4 of the Code of Civil Procedure shall be sustained where there is probable cause to believe that the lawyer is engaging or has engaged in criminal activity related to the documentary evidence for which a warrant is requested unless it is established at the hearing with respect to the documentary evidence seized under the warrant that the services of the lawyer were not sought or obtained to enable or aid anyone to commit or plan to commit a crime or a fraud .
( i ) Nothing in this section is intended to limit an attorney 's ability to request an in camera hearing pursuant to the holding of the Supreme Court of California in People v. Superior Court ( Laff ) ( 2001 ) 25 Cal.4th 703 .
( j ) In addition to any other circumstance permitting a magistrate to issue a warrant for a person or property in another county , when the property or things to be seized consist of any item or constitute any evidence that tends to show a violation of Section 530.5 , the magistrate may issue a warrant to search a person or property located in another county if the person whose identifying information was taken or used resides in the same county as the issuing court .
( k ) This section shall not be construed to create a cause of action against any foreign or California corporation , its officers , employees , agents , or other specified persons for providing location information .
Allison Brie . Photo : Getty Images
Alison Brie plays Lizzy Caplan 's sister in Save the Date , an atypical rom-com in which one character plans her wedding ( with Martin Starr ) while the other rejects a marriage proposal and tries to figure out what she wants . For Brie , it was a chance to spend time with Caplan ( “ She has the ability to bust your balls , and be crazy supportive at the same time ” ) and explore an even more haphazard way of shooting than she gets to do on Mad Men or Community , the fourth season of which she just wrapped . Brie chatted with Vulture about grabbing takes between red lights , animal co-stars , and why a relationship with Abed is n't in the cards .
Community 's Annie and your Save the Date character Beth are both Type-A . They 're both perfectionists .
That 's a through-line in a lot of the characters I tend to play ! I tend to play responsible and practical and perfectionist , even though I 'm not . I think when Beth comes into the movie , she 's already a Bridezilla , but there 's that one scene at the beginning where they 're just hanging out and smoking and drinking and having a fun time . That 's when you get the one glimpse : See , Beth is cool ! Normally , she 's fine !
Did Save the Date feel like a Party Down/Mad Men reunion ? Was Geoffrey 's wife and your Mad Men co-star Christina Hendricks on set ?
She was n't really on set as much as she was all over the place with us . Did you hear about what our process shooting was like ? It was very rogue , all over Los Angeles . I 'm sure we had permits — I 'm not trying to out anyone — but we would all be just driving around and catching takes in between traffic , so it was pretty nutty . Like that scene in front of the bridal shop , where I 'm yelling at Lizzy and it 's all emotional ? We did n't have permits to stop traffic on Wilshire Boulevard , so we 'd have to wait for the red lights and then we 'd be like , “ Go ! Act now ! ” And we 'd have to grab the scene before traffic started again .
You know who was stealing scenes ? That cat , Ferdinand , who was omnipresent during all the sex scenes . I 'm assuming you 're a cat person from your Twitter photo with the cutest of kittens .
Between Ferdinand the cat and the dog that was with Lizzy during her pregnancy test , the animals steal this movie . Unfortunately , I did n't have a lot of scenes with Miss Kitty , who played Ferdinand , but she was incredible . The cat in that photo , by the way , is a guest actor on Community — spoiler alert ! [ Laughs ] I did n't realize my level of cat-loving until we were shooting this scene where they brought in a box of seven tiny kittens , and I just went crazy . I was so giddy . I was crying with joy ! They give us these little treats , and then they abuse us , and then they give us some more treats . I 'm kidding about the abuse !
Still , it 's got to be hard , sometimes not knowing when the show will be back on , like the false alarm you had about October 19 , which became February 7 . It 's as if the network has commitment issues , to put it in the context of your movie .
You know , that October 19 video , about October 19 being whenever you want it to be ? That was Gillian [ Jacobs ] ' idea . At this point , we feel worse for the fans than we do for ourselves about the changing time slots — getting strung along like that , and then finding out it 's another three months , or only thirteen episodes . It was harder last year , though . That was a dark time . Talk about the darkest timeline ! And now that we 've been through that , what else is new ? NBC is in love with us , but they 're not sure it 's forever ! [ Laughs ] They want to marry us , until they meet someone new , and then they 're wooed by monkeys .
Although you do share the same monkey : Crystal was on both Animal Practice and Community . And now that Animal Practice is canceled , she has more time to be Annie 's Boobs .
Do n't worry , she 'll be back on our show . She 's going to be fine . Crystal is very popular . I 'm a little jealous of her . Sometimes I 'll sneak into her dressing room and cut holes in her clothes , but it 's like the mean girls — even if their clothes had holes in them , it would become the new thing , and everyone would want to do it . [ Laughs ]
You share a trailer with Danny Pudi .
I do . It 's helped us become super-close . We try to add this whole Annie-and-Abed backstory , but it 's all unspoken ; secret handshakes and stuff . It all just happens naturally , because when you talk to someone when you 're peeing — our bathrooms are separated by a very thin wall — you get really close . Do n't knock it until you try it .
Annie and Abed made out in season two . Do you think they could have a full-fledged romance ?
I think of him as a brother ! I do n't know if I see them together romantically . I do sometimes feel sorry for Annie on the love front , because I do want her to have a love interest . But the thing is , no one knows what Abed 's taste in girls is . We 've had hints that he has a lot of confidence in that area , so I would be interested in seeing more romance with him . And actually , we do in this upcoming season . Abed gets a new love interest , who is more Abed-like . I ca n't say who .
You 've said before that you wanted Community to spoof horror movies more .
And we do this year . Although our Halloween episode is very much like an episode of Scooby-Doo — it 's pretty goofy . And of course it wo n't be airing anywhere near Halloween now , but we did n't find out the airdate until we were shooting , so we tried some lines in it like , “ This will be great whenever you see it ! ” Our Christmas episode is going to air in April . It 'll be great ! I think it 's a nice way for fans to celebrate Christmas all over again . Everybody loves the holidays , right ?
It 's not a national holiday the same way , but you have a big birthday coming up : the big 3-0 on December 29 .
What do you mean my birthday 's not a national holiday ? I thought everyone was going to celebrate it this year ? [ Laughs ] I 'm actually going to keep it small this time . I 'm planning a trip to Napa for some wine-tasting with some close friends . I thought I 'd go more intimate for the big birthday , instead of going all crazy and running off to Vegas . That 's not my style . I 'm much more prone to sending a quick text : “ Hey , are you free this day ? It 's my birthday , I hope you can make it ! If not , that 's cool . This is where I 'm going to be . Love ya ! ”
Put your lens on the world . The Nikon Photo Contest , 2012-2013 : Call for Entries
TOKYO - Nikon Corporation is pleased to announce that entries to its international Nikon Photo Contest for 2012-2013 . The entry period is December 1 , 2012 , through February 28 , 2013 .
The `` Nikon Photo Contest '' ( NPC ) is the new name for what was formerly the `` Nikon Photo Contest International '' ( NPCI ) , a contest held by Nikon since 1969 with the goal of `` contributing to the development of photographic culture by providing a venue for communica-tion among photographers from around the world , be they professionals or amateurs '' . For this year 's contest , our 34th , we have completely overhauled the contest by , among other things , establishing a movie category . We are looking for entries in four categories : single photo ( Category A ) , ( begin delete ) composite photo ( end delete ) photo story ( Category B , featuring composites composed of series of two to five photographs ) , photographic videos ( Category C , featuring videos of 45 seconds in length ) , and Motion Snapshot ( Category D ) . In category D we are requesting works in the new `` Motion Snapshot '' image format that combines still images and movies and is available with Nikon 1 , Advanced Camera with Interchangeable Lens .
The judges include well-known photographers active on the global scene who will select a total of 54 works for first , second , and third prizes in each category , together with a Grand Prize for the very best entry . A new addition is the `` Participants Award for Most Popular Entry '' , which will be chosen by the contest entrants . The winning entries are to be announced in the summer of 2013 and are to be included in a public exhibition ( the location , date , and other details of which are yet to be announced ) .
( Revised on November 20 , 2012 )
Guidelines for the Nikon Photo Contest , 2012-2013
Eligibility
The contest is open to all , professional and amateur , regardless of age , sex or nationality .
Theme and Categories
Theme : No theme is specified for any of the four categories .
Categories
A : Single photo
B : ( begin delete ) Composite photo ( end delete ) Photo story ( each consisting of a series of from two to five photographs )
C : Photographic video ( 45 seconds long )
D : Motion Snapshot ( shot with the Motion Snapshot feature on Nikon 1 )
( Revised on November 20 , 2012 )
Entry Period
Saturday , December 1 , 2012 , to 1:00 p.m. Japan Standard Time on Thursday , February 28 , 2013 .
How to Enter
Entries must be submitted via the Internet . Visit the Nikon Photo Contest 2012–2013 website ( http : //www.nikon-photocontest.com/ ) , complete the entry form , and submit it together with your works .
Submissions
Each entrant is limited to a total of ten works in categories A and B ; for example , two entries of one photograph each in the single photo category and one entry of four photographs in the composite category would total six works .
The same works or portions of the same works can not be submitted in both category A and category B .
Each entrant can submit one work in each of categories C and D. These works can be in addition to works submitted in categories A and B .
Entry is restricted to original works that have not previously been published and to which the entrant holds the rights . Works that have been submitted to other previous or ongoing contests will not be accepted . The category of works submitted to other contests includes those that are submitted to another contest after being entered in the Nikon Photo Contest .
Eligible Works
Categories A and B
Image data files created with digital cameras ( including medium- and large-format cameras ) . Images that have been retouched using software or by other means will be accepted . Both color and monochrome images will be accepted . ( Scans of photographs taken with film cameras are not eligible . )
File size : Up to 20 MB .
File format : JPEG/150 dpi recommended .
The standard color space for the judging process is sRGB .
Entrants may be requested to provide higher resolution images for publication or display purposes related to the contest .
Category C
Movie files containing videos created from footage shot using the movie recording feature of digital still cameras ( including medium- and large-format cameras )
Length:45 seconds .
Each movie entered must have a file size of 200 MB or less and be in MOV format .
Any music used must either be copyright-free and performed and recorded by the entrant or a person designated by the entrant ( commercial recordings of copyright-free music may not be used ) or be works for which the entrant holds the rights and for which the rights have not been transferred to a copyright collective .
Category D
Motion Snapshot files created with the Motion Snapshot feature on Nikon 1 cameras .
Entries must be in MOV format .
Judging/Announcement of Results
Entries will be published to this website after the first round of judging following the completion of the entry period ( current plans call for the entries to be published at the end of April , 2013 ) . The final winners will be determined after the second ( April ) and final ( June ) rounds of judging . The final results are to be announced on this website in the summer of 2013 . All entrants will be eligible to vote for the `` Participants Award for Most Popular Entry '' . The details will be announced on official website .
Awards and Prizes
The most outstanding entry in categories A , B , and C will receive the Grand Prize . A total of 49 prizes will be awarded in categories A , B , and C , including the Grand Prize and 48 prizes for entries placing first , second , or third in each category , while prizes will also be awarded to the top three entries in category D. All winners will receive in the foregoing categories will receive trophies and prizes of Nikon products with values determined by the type of prize . In addition , a `` NIKKOR Award '' , trophy , and prize money will be awarded for the best work shot with a NIKKOR lens , and the winner of the `` Participants Award for Most Popular Entry '' will be awarded prize money and a trophy . An exhibition of the prize-winning works is to be held , and the winners of the Grand Prize and the first-place finishers in each category will be given the right to post other works to a photo gallery on the Nikon Photo Contest 2012–2013 website .
The prizes are listed below . Category 1st place 2nd place 3rd place Grand Prize Number awarded : 1 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥1,000,000 .
Participation in the photo gallery . Category A : Single photo Number awarded : 1 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥500,000 .
Participation in the photo gallery . Number awarded : 5 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥200,000 . Number awarded : 10 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥100,000 . Category B : ( begin delete ) Composite photo ( end delete ) Photo story Number awarded : 1 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥500,000 .
Participation in the photo gallery . Number awarded : 5 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥200,000 . Number awarded : 10 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥100,000 . Category C : Photographic video Number awarded : 1 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥500,000 .
Participation in the photo gallery . Number awarded : 5 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥200,000 . Number awarded : 10 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥100,000 . Category D : Motion Snapshot Number awarded : 3 Nikon products with a combined retail value of ¥200,000 . NIKKOR Award Number awarded : 1 Prize of ( begin delete ) ¥100,000 ( end delete ) ¥1,000,000 . Participants Award for Most Popular Entry Number awarded : 1 Prize of ¥500,000 .
( Category B : Revised on November 20 , 2012 )
( NIKKOR Award : Revised on August 9 , 2013 )
Earlier this week , Comcast and Time Warner Cable released a massive 300 page rebuttal to criticism of their proposed merger . Not only are these two telco giants extraordinarily defensive in this missive , but they actually go as far as claiming that their harshest critics are extortionists . Unsurprisingly , competitors , clients , and critics alike have taken umbrage with these accusations , and some are asking for a formal apology .
In the gargantuan 300 page redacted PDFs , Comcast and TWC run the gamut of emotions from outrage to disgust . They flatly reject the criticism and demands of companies like Netflix and Discovery , and frequently bring up the potential AT & T-DirecTV merger as a reason why the FCC should give its thumbs-up to the Comcast-TWC merger . Despite the fact that many Americans do n't have any choice in internet service providers , Comcast and TWC seem determined to reduce the total number of ISPs even further .
In a public statement from the Common Cause advocacy group , former FCC Commissioner Michael Copps says “ We 've never sought anything from Comcast , directly or indirectly , and the company knows it . Comcast owes us an apology. ” Considering the issues surrounding aggressive customer service reps , poor treatment of monopoly victims , and forcing Netflix to pay up for better access , it 's shocking to see Comcast accusing others of extortion . At its core , this is little more than the pot calling the kettle black .
In this lengthy public letter , Comcast and TWC frequently bring up the fact that they do n't compete with each other in the same markets . While this is largely true due to the government-approved local monopolies that cable companies enjoy here in the US , that does n't make the potential merger any better . After all , merging two monopolies together does n't exactly fill me with confidence . If anything , these near-constant attempts at merging telcos makes this seem like a return to the dark days before the Baby Bells . If we let these megacorps continue to merge unchecked , we 'll end up right back where we started .
Here in the US , the internet is under constant attack from both private companies and our own government . Net neutrality is on the brink of giving way to “ internet fast lanes , ” our wired and wireless service providers ca n't wait to get rid of pesky competition , and Hollywood is doing its damnedest to pull the strings behind the scenes . Unfortunately , there 's no end in sight , and so we have no other option than to keep fighting . As always , you can make your voice heard by contacting the FCC , your representative , and your senators .
Now read : Why Netflix streaming is getting slower , and probably wo n't get better any time soon
There 's something about the city — I do n't think either of us can tell you what that is , any more than we can tell you when you meet your spouse and fall in love and for some reason you just know that 's the one . That was Detroit for us . — Amy Haimerl
Air Conditioning Equipment Arrives !
Our air handler and all of its components have finally arrived to the house ! Holy cow , it 's a lot of equipment too ! The boxes have essentially filled our master bedroom and 1/2 the attic .
1/2 of the boxes that arrived for our AC
Due to our home being made of plaster walls , we have decided to leave our current steam boiler system for heating and install a fancy new High Velocity Forced-Air Mini-Duct system by Unico… This newer style of system allows us to avoid needing to install full duct work and tear apart plaster ( which in this home likely contains asbestos ) and instead , run tubing around the home typically through the corners of our closets and to the proper rooms of the home where we need cooling . Each tube then has a crazy muffler system on the end of it to reduce the noise of moving air from it and places small round vents that will be in the ceiling .
These systems are designed for exactly the situation we are in with our home , which has never had air conditioning before . We will then be able to control both our heat and our cooling through the same thermostat . We were planning on using a Nest thermostat , but have decided to try something new so we 've purchased the newest ecobee3 thermostat which gives us a second temperature sensor we can install anywhere in the home we 'd like and use both to control heating and cooling .
Finishing the Barrel Ceiling
Christian worked hard on recreating the barrel ceiling this week . By determining the radius of the circle needed to recreate our arch , he made an arc template that he then was able to use to cut out over 18 arches for the ribs down the length of the nook space . Spacers are used like a spine in between to ensure that spacing and twist are controlled for across the room for when we need to attach curved drywall to them down the road .
Made with Logi Circle Day Brief feature
This room formerly was n't arced its entire length , with the room bisected originally to form a hallway from the kitchen to the dining room in front of the nook . Now with our new layout , we are making it feel more open and completely visible when you enter the home , where before it was hidden behind a wall .
RAMALLAH ( Ma'an ) -- More than 3,000 Palestinian public school teachers rallied outside the Palestinian Prime Minister 's office on Monday , demanding new representation in negotiations between teachers and the Palestinian Authority , as teachers entered their fourth week of strike .
An emergency meeting called on Sunday evening ended in a stalemate , as teachers rejected terms laid out by a number of members of the Palestinian Legislative Council ( PLC ) , the Palestinian Authority 's legislative body .
On Monday , teachers complained that members of the PLO-affiliated teachers ' union who had previously resigned on popular demand should not have been present at the meeting .
Teacher at the protest told Ma'an that they accused the union of `` thwarting '' agreements with the Palestinian government .
During the strike , Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah released a statement `` reaffirm ( ing ) his commitment to Palestinian teachers , students and their parents to work on finding an equitable solution to end the teachers ' strike , in order for students to return to their classrooms . ''
`` The Palestinian teacher deserves our respect and admiration ; however , everyone should put the interest of our children and their education ahead of everything , '' Hamdallah said .
In regards to the protest , Hamdallah added that `` people have the right to express their opinion , this is part of the democratic process , '' but teachers said checkpoints had been set up by the PA in an attempt to stop teachers from reaching the protest .
Participants who were able to attend the rally raised posters with slogans asserting that teachers would continue with their strike until their demands were met .
Palestinian teachers , who have been on strike since mid-February , are seeking higher salaries as pledged to them by the PA in the 2013 agreement that was never implemented .
The PA has threatened to take legal action against the teachers if they do not return to work immediately , with Hamdallah saying earlier this month that they have a `` responsibility '' to their students .
A number of teachers have now been detained by PA security forces , who have also sought to prevent the teachers from convening at demonstrations by installing checkpoints across the West Bank and threatening public transportation drivers carrying teachers to protests .
The strike marks one of the largest demonstrations against the PA in recent years , with 20,000 teachers marching in Ramallah last month , and it has exposed a divide in Palestinian society , with several small attacks taking place in recent days .
Last week , a Hebron teacher was attacked with pepper spray over her support for the protest , and on Thursday , gunshots were fired on the homes of two more teachers -- one supporting the strike , the other opposing it .
( MaanImages )
( MaanImages )
Drivers have filed a federal class action lawsuit against New York-based ride-hail service Juno for breach of contract , false advertising and securities fraud .
The three drivers suing the company allege that the service lured away high-performing drivers from Uber and Lyft on the premise that they would receive equity from the company . When Juno was acquired by competing New York player Gett in April , that equity program was done away with .
As part of the acquisition , drivers who accumulated shares during the few months Juno operated would be cashed out , the company wrote in an email .
As Recode reported , drivers were receiving around $ 100 on average regardless of how many shares they 'd accumulated . One driver who reached out to Recode had roughly 1,600 shares , another more than 3,500 and another had more than 6,000 .
The suit reads :
`` As part of the announcement , Juno announced that drivers who had received shares in the Company would either : have those shared extinguished with no compensation , or receive an amount per share to be determined based on each driver , with each share not being valued the same , and being valued by Juno with no disclosure of the method of valuation . Plaintiffs were victims of the classic `` bait and switch '' scheme – promised equity and then paid off at pennies on the dollar when all other shareholders/investors made out handsomely . ''
Gett acquired the company for $ 200 million , which included the company 's assets and its founding team . As part of the purchase , Juno continued to operate as its own platform , now called Juno by Gett .
More from Recode :
Lyft is working with a third self-driving tech company
Lyft just published its first diversity report and it 's not much better than Uber 's
Uber admits that it has underpaid tens of thousands of drivers in New York since late 2014
The drivers are alleging that Juno simply used the program as a means to quickly increase their supply of drivers in New York City 's competitive ride-hail market . However , the company admitted that it was considering changes to its equity program ahead of the acquisition to ensure compliance with SEC laws .
The suit reads :
It became immediately clear that Juno 's promises and statements were false . It is evident that Juno had undertaken a business plan aimed at luring Uber and Lyft 's best drivers based on false representations , using those drivers to achieve market penetration , and sell the company for as soon as an attractive offer came around . It was not pro-driver . It was not the socially responsible rideshare company it tried so hard to position itself as . And , most importantly—it did not make drivers equity partners who would share proportionately in the profits of the company if there was ever a buyout . Drivers did n't get what they bargained for . And , consumers were never transacting with a company that operated the socially responsible way or afforded its drivers ownership interests .
Drivers that Recode spoke with when the company was acquired said they were outraged ; the main reason they joined the company was for the possibility of ownership .
`` I joined Juno because the promise of the RSUs were very enticing , '' Juno driver Steven Savader told Recode . `` Driverless cars will be around someday ; it 's good to have the future taken care of . ''
The business model seemed unsustainable , as we 've previously written , but drivers were easily enticed by the promise of a company that would prioritize their interests .
Before cars started carrying riders , the company was paying drivers $ 50 a week to be on the platform . When Juno launched , riders were given a 35 percent discount and drivers were only charged a 10 percent commission . Meanwhile , Juno had secured office space in the Freedom Towers as well as driver offices at LaGuardia .
This strategy worked for a bit . The company , which launched in May , performed a million rides by September . However , drivers say that when the rider promotions went away , so did the riders .
We 've reached out to Juno and will update when we hear back .
Here 's the full suit :
By Intercontinental Cry
RE-LEARNING THE LAND is the story of a Blackfoot community in southern Alberta , Canada , and how they have re-taken control of their education system within Red Crow Community College . The film traces the decolonization of their learning and the development of an innovative program , Kainai Studies , within Red Crow College , the same site as a former Residential School . The Kainai Studies program is reclaiming and teaching to a new generation the Blackfoot knowledge system that sustained their community on their land for thousands of years .
The film raises a host of important questions related to the purpose of education and what it takes to create a deep ecological consciousness and connection with our local environment . By witnessing how students and faculty within Red Crow College are re-building relationships with the land around them , we see a greater sense of purpose , confidence and identity from amongst those participating and learning within the Kainai Studies program .
RE-LEARNING THE LAND explores how education can be used both to wipe out particular ways of knowing and lead to suffering , as in the case of residential schools , or else to promote healing and a transformation of individual and community through a reconnection to history and place . Based on a very different cosmology , set of values and ways of teaching , RE-LEARNING THE LAND is a subtle exploration of how an indigenous way of learning can create transformational relationships with the land , its beings , the community and one 's own self .
Stable governments have caused havoc here . It was a stable government that wrecked the country from 1977 to 1981 , from 1982 to 1987 , from 2002 to 2008 and from 2011 to 2016 .
It was stable governments that brought us a chaotic health service , that brought about a housing and homeless crisis , that devised a society characterised by deprivation amid opulence , that caused millions of our people to emigrate
Women were abused in Magdalene laundries and children abused in institutions and schools under the control of stable governments , that perpetrated the subjugation of women , that ignored the imminent collapse of our financial institutions , that permitted the dilapidation of our water infrastructure .
It was stable governments that made our parliament irrelevant , so as to perpetuate unaccountability in the exercise of the power of stable governments .
We need a stable government as much as we need Fine Gael and Labour back in office or Fianna Fáil with an overall majority .
We have a unique opportunity now , precisely because we do not have a stable government , to change our system of government and to protect ourselves against future stable governments .
The object of the exercise must be to ensure that the Oireachtas can fulfil its constitutional function in holding the government of the day to account , in initiating legislation and being the primary author of public policy .
To do that the capacity of the government to intimidate members of the Oireachtas to support decisions taken by a coterie in cabinet – or the coterie that is itself the cabinet – must be ended .
Richard Bruton contends that a government must be able to enact its legislative and budgetary programme and that requires the enforcement of a whip system .
It is not governments that should have legislative and budgetary programmes , it is the elected parliament that should have this and then it becomes the function of the executive arm of government to do as the Oireachtas tells it .
This will offend ministerial hauteur and all the better for that .
Conscientious
There is a provision in the German constitution whereby it is an offence ( ie a crime ) to interfere with the conscientious decision of a member of Parliament .
We should have a similar provision here and , in our case , actually enforce it . It is reasonable that party whips should prevail on issues that have been the subject of election promises . But beyond that it should be an offence .
Thereby TDs or senators would be free to exercise their own discretion on how to vote on any issue that was not an election promise .
Aside from that , we should inaugurate a procedure applied in the Danish parliament , whereby , what is called there a “ decisive minority ” can demand an inquiry into any aspect of government policy or action . In our case the “ decisive minority ” could be one fourth of the Dáil deputies – ie about 40 TDs .
There are further changes that could be made about budget measures .
They should all be openly examined at length in the months leading up to the finalisation of the annual budget , with parties and individual TDs arguing for different frameworks and provisions .
Indeed all government decisions should be subject to examination and debate in advance of finalisation and , ultimately , the approval of a non-coerced Dáil .
In that way we all could see clearly how individual deputies and parties stand on the main issues to do with the distribution of wealth and income , human rights , the accountability of the executive arm of government .
Yes , perhaps in many circumstances , it is desirable to have political stability , including stability of policy . There is no fear on that score in Ireland , where there is a consensus on all crucial policy between Fine Gael , what remains of Labour , Fianna Fáil and , yes , Sinn Féin .
There is no reason now why the Dáil can not get on with the business of addressing the housing crisis , the health chaos , the water infrastructure deficit and all the other matters that consensus deems important .
There is no excuse for the Dáil to be in recess . It does not need a government to do its work , the caretakers can take the orders of our parliament and get on with it .
It hardly matters whether we have what is called a government for one month or six months or a year .
The business of governance can go on and go on in a better and more open way than before . The agitated handwringers of RTÉ can take a break .
Depressing
What is depressing however is the nature of that Dáil consensus .
They all accept that the country 's primary concern must now be the contentedness of the privileged and wealthy , lest the privileged and the wealthy cease to lend us the finance to fund our public expenditures and the debts we supposedly owe for the bank failures . Lest they cease to create wealth and jobs or delay doing so .
So no taxes that might disturb significantly the contentedness of the privileged and the wealthy , no action that might unsettle significantly their tax havens here or elsewhere .
No block on the impulse of the privileged and the wealthy to plunder the assets of Nama and IBRC .
Yes a few tweaks and not a little strutting but they all know the score .
There is a solid stability within the political establishment that enjoys a massive majority in Dáil Éireann . The markets need have no fear .
Just 15 % of us voted for the new UK police and crime commissioners , and their attempts to appoint 'youth commissioners ' keep running into trouble . Is it worth it ?
Last November we went to the polls to elect our first ever police and crime commissioners . The government wanted the PCCs , now in place in 41 of the 43 police areas in England and Wales , because it believed they would improve police accountability and allow the service to `` reconnect '' with the public . We were not especially convinced : 15.1 % of us bothered to vote , significantly fewer than the 23 % who turned out in the 1999 European polls . Surveys suggest 90 % of us do n't know who our elected PCC is .
Heartened by such a ringing democratic endorsement of their role , some new commissioners are now seeking to further boost their popularity by hiring salaried `` youth commissioners '' or `` ambassadors '' to act as `` champions for young people '' . ( The successful candidate is expected to do this `` dynamically '' , `` innovatively '' and `` proactively '' . )
This is going as well as you might expect . The first youth commissioner , Paris Brown , lost her £15,000-a-year job before she 'd even begun after it emerged that she had posted a string of ill-advised tweets . Undeterred , the Kent PCC , Ann Barnes , is continuing her search and said last week she had 26 applicants for the job Brown was obliged to vacate .
The Cheshire police commissioner , John Dwyer , is also currently advertising for a `` youth ambassador '' on a salary of between £23,799 and £25,449 . This has drawn predictable criticism – although to be fair , the job expects candidates to have three A-levels and three years ' experience of working with young people .
Still , safer by far to adopt the approach of Conservative PCC for Humberside , Matthew Grove , who recently told pupils about his plans to appoint four youth ambassadors to be `` the voice of young people at the very heart of policing '' , but made clear the positions would be voluntary .
Best tread carefully when most people do n't know who you are or what you do – and the rest , on the whole , do n't much care .
Same-sex marriage : February 11 plebiscite approved by Federal Cabinet
Updated
Federal Cabinet has signed off on plans to hold the same-sex marriage plebiscite on February 11 next year , and to allocate public funding for both the `` yes '' and `` no '' campaigns .
Key points : Proposal to be put to Coalition MPs at party room meeting
ABC understands Cabinet agrees to allocate $ 7.5m to each campaign
Cabinet wants to cap tax deductible donations to each campaign at $ 1,500
The proposal will be put to Coalition MPs at their party room meeting in Canberra today and will increase pressure on Labor to declare its hand and state whether it will support the legislation needed to hold the plebiscite .
Ministers have also agreed that the question to be put to voters will be : `` Should the law be changed to allow same-sex couples to marry ? ''
But in a move that will inflame tensions within the Coalition , the ABC understands Cabinet has agreed to allocate $ 7.5 million in public funding to each campaign .
Liberal-National MP — and gay marriage advocate — Warren Entsch has warned the plebiscite `` wo n't get up '' if taxpayers ' money is used to fund the `` for '' and `` against '' cases .
But conservatives Andrew Hastie and Cory Bernardi have joined calls from Eric Abetz and Kevin Andrews for public funding to be made available .
Mr Hastie told the ABC if the Government was going to put a vote to the Australian people , it needed to make sure they were informed of both sides of the argument .
'No ' campaign could drive people to suicide : Shorten
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull hinted yesterday the two campaigns would receive public funds but tried to sooth tensions by guaranteeing the plebiscite would be `` utterly fair '' .
`` Any funding provided to the 'yes ' or 'no ' case will be scrupulously equal and fair as it always has been , '' he told Parliament yesterday .
As well as the public funding , the ABC understands Cabinet wants to cap tax deductible donations to each campaign at $ 1,500 per individual .
The fate of the plebiscite ultimately rests in Labor 's hands , and yesterday Opposition Leader Bill Shorten appeared to strengthen his argument against the vote .
Introducing a private members bill into Parliament to legalise same-sex marriage , Mr Shorten warned the `` no '' campaign could drive young people to suicide .
`` A 'no ' campaign would be an emotional torment for gay teenagers and if one child commits suicide over the plebiscite , then that is one too many , '' he told Parliament .
Gay brother questions Q & A panellist over plebiscite
During last night 's episode of Q & A , the brother of National Party senator for Victoria Bridget McKenzie questioned his sister about the plebiscite .
`` Given the majority of parliamentarians and Australians now support marriage equality , is a $ 160-million plebiscite necessary and what impact do you think the debate will have on the emotional wellbeing of gay and lesbians like me ? '' Alastair McKenzie asked .
Ms McKenzie responded by saying it would only be damaging if Australians chose not to respect each other 's views .
She added that she believed same-sex marriage was a `` conscience issue '' .
`` I believe it is a conscience issue and it is that the definition of marriage is between a man and a woman , '' she said .
`` Polls would suggest I 'm in the minority . ''
Topics : marriage , community-and-society , government-and-politics , federal-government , australia
First posted
March 22 , 2012 , New York – Today , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) sent a letter to the judge presiding over the court martial of alleged Wikileaks leaker Private Bradley Manning , requesting immediate public and press access to all documents , motions , briefs and information related to the proceedings . CCR represents Wikileaks and the media organization 's publisher , Julian Assange . Relying on the First Amendment , military law and common law , which mandate public criminal trials and court martial proceedings , the letter condemns the failure to grant access to filed court documents , noting what CCR called a pattern of troubling secrecy surrounding the Bradley Manning proceedings . The letter urged the court to respect what CCR says is the interest of the public and the media to transparent and fair legal proceedings .
“ The proceedings were very difficult to understand , even for a lawyer , because the legal papers were not made available before the hearing . Nor could I read them after the hearing , ” said CCR President Emeritus Michael Ratner , who signed the letter and attended last week 's arguments at Ft. Meade on various motions in the Manning hearings . “ In addition , substantive legal matters were argued and decided in secret . It 's shocking that secrecy should be the order of the day in one of the most important cases of the last half-century . ”
The letter reads , in part :
As Circuit Judge Damon Keith wrote in Detroit Free Press v. Ashcroft , 303 F.3d 681 , 683 ( 6th Cir . 2002 ) : “ Democracies die behind closed doors. ” We urge the Court to take the action required by military law and the Constitution . … [ To ] date this court-martial reflects – and indeed compounds – the lack of openness experienced in Pfc . Manning 's prior Article 32 hearing . Documents and information filed in the case are not available to the public anywhere , nor has the public received appropriate prior notice of issues to be litigated in the case… Without access to these materials , the Manning hearings and trial can not credibly be called open and public . We do not understand how a court-martial proceeding can be deemed to comply with the UCMJ or the Constitution unless its proceedings are accessible in a timely fashion .
The letter further argues that Mr. Assange in particular has a substantial legal interest in obtaining access to documents and information filed in Manning 's case . Last month , as series of leaks published from the private intelligence corporation Stratfor indicated that the United States Department of Justice has issued a secret , sealed indictment against Assange , presumably based on information obtained from the Manning proceedings .
A lot has already been written about Pulsar 150Ns , the next Pulsar avatar from the house of Bajaj .
The model has been linked to different launch dates since its prototypes started appearing on Indian roads for test rounds and now to add to that , the latest reports suggest that Bajaj could be getting ready for launch of new Pulsar by July this year .
A new report of ET Auto suggests that Bajaj is planning to launch a new Pulsar bike model during June-July this year . Although the report did not specify which Pulsar model will be making its way to the Indian market next , rumours that are floating on the internet indicate that it is Pulsar 150NS .
Likely to be powered by 149.5cc single-cylinder air-cooled engine , which can dish out a power of 16.3bhp of power at 9,000rpm and a peak torque of 13Nm at 7,500rpm with 5-speed gearbox , Pulsar 150NS will be pitted against Suzuki Gixxer and Hero Xtreme .
In terms of dimensions , Pulsar 150Ns is expected to 2,105mm in length , 800mm in width and 1,220mm in height and is likely to have a fuel tank capacity of 12 litres .
Other expected features include telescopic upfront and monoshock unit at the rear and when launched , Pulsar 150NS is rumoured to fall in the price brackets of ₹75,000 .
Australian cricket fans have been left in the dark after no broadcaster acquired the rights to show international cricket from England .
Fox Sports , which had televised all internationals and selected domestic cricket from England since 2002 , either live or in highlights form , has not recommitted to broadcasting matches this season . The England and Wales Cricket Board confirmed to Fairfax Media over the weekend that no deal has been reached with an Australian broadcaster to cover matches during the 2014 English summer , meaning that those wanting to watch Sri Lanka 's tour of England which began last month , or the subsequent England-India series , are unable to do so legally .
Australian cricket fans have been unable to watch the entertaining series between England and Sri Lanka Credit : AFP
Hoards of disgruntled cricket enthusiasts have taken to Twitter and internet forums seeking an explanation with many threatening to cancel their Foxtel subscriptions as a result of the blackout .
A Fox Sports spokesperson told Fairfax Media that the network does not currently have any international cricket tours on its broadcasting calendar until December . This period includes Australian tours to Zimbabwe and the United Arab Emirates ( to play Pakistan ) . Away internationals played by the national team have been a staple of Foxtel 's schedule since the pay-TV operator was launched in 1995 .
COLUMBUS , Ohio — Rick Nash is arguably the most accomplished athlete playing for an Ohio pro sports franchise .
Among the state 's best , he might also be its most anonymous .
Such is reality for the Blue Jackets ' 27-year-old captain : a player regarded as elite in NHL circles and obscure in the minds of Cleveland and Cincinnati fans with little hockey intellect and enough losing teams .
Never mind that Nash has made more All-Star appearances than Reds slugger Joey Votto and has graced as many video-game covers as Browns running back Peyton Hillis . Or , that he exhibits the modesty and loyalty that fans say they still desire in their heroes .
The combination of his sport 's 60-watt appeal in the United States and his team 's inability to win with regularity has stunted the popularity of the six-time 30-goal scorer .
`` To the average sports fan , Nash might be the best player in the world that nobody knows about , '' ESPN hockey analyst Barry Melrose said . `` The kid has got everything -- size , speed , skill , strength , courage , the ability to shine on the world stage . But when you do n't win , it 's hard to gain recognition . ''
Nash and the retooled Blue Jackets will try broadening their base starting Friday night as they open the season at home against the Nashville Predators .
Rick Nash file Position : Right wing Age : 27 Ht/Wt : 6-4 , 219 Hometown : Brampton , Ontario Nash skinny : Top pick in the 2002 NHL Draft . . . Co-recipient of 2004 Rocket Richard Trophy for most goals ( 41 ) in a season . . . Winner of NHL Foundation Player Award in 2009 for community work . . . Leads Blue Jackets in almost every major statistical category including : games played ( 592 ) , goals ( 259 ) , assists ( 229 ) , points ( 488 ) andpower play goals ( 77 ) . -- Tom Reed
The club has increased its payroll to a franchise-high $ 63.1 million -- less than $ 1.5 million under the salary cap -- after a summer makeover that included the free-agent signings of defensemen James Wisniewski and Radek Martinek and winger Vinny Prospal .
The biggest splash , however , involved a trade for All-Star Jeff Carter , ending a decade-long search for a legitimate top line center for Nash .
General manager Scott Howson admits the occasion of Nash 's 27th birthday on June 16 helped inspire the club 's brain trust as it plotted roster changes . Blue Jackets management did not want him becoming hockey 's equivalent to Archie Manning or Pete Maravich , great players consigned to bad teams .
Since entering the league in 2000 , the Blue Jackets have accrued the league 's worst points percentage ( .450 ) , managing just 738 of a possible 1,640 points , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . They have made one playoff appearance , failing to win a game or hold a lead against the Detroit Red Wings in 2009 .
The puck drops here The NHL season begins tonight . Here 's a quick look at some teams and items of interest : Columbus Blue Jackets The Blue Jackets made major roster changes to upgrade their offense , but their fate could be determined by their fourth-year goaltender . Steve Mason followed a rookie-of-the-year season with two shaky seasons that saw the Jackets post back-to-back 13th-place finishes in the Western Conference . The additions of Jeff Carter , Vinny Prospal and James Wisniewski should vastly improve their power play . But the club remains in one of the league 's most competitive divisions ( Central ) with Chicago , Detroit , Nashville and St. Louis . Detroit Red Wings The Wings remain a playoff lock , but the veteran group made few changes to the club bounced by San Jose in the second round for a second straight season . Henrik Zetterberg and Pavel Datsyuk are still one of the best 1-2 forward combinations in the league . Ageless defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom is coming off another Norris Trophy season , but the loss of Brian Rafalski hurts . Pittsburgh Penguins The health of Sidney Crosby ( concussion ) remains one of the NHL 's biggest stories . The Penguins superstar has n't played since early January and will not play in the club 's opener . Pittsburgh , however is getting back center Evgeni Malkin , who missed the second half of last season due to knee surgery . The Penguins are a playoff lock , but not Stanley Cup contenders unless Crosby is in top form in April . Buffalo Sabres The biggest news here is in the owner 's box , where billionaire and Sabres fan Terry Pegula purchased the team during last season and started pouring money into the roster . They signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff to a 10-year , $ 40 million deal and forward Ville Leino to a six-year , $ 27 million contract . Goaltender Ryan Miller gives the Sabres a chance to win every game . Colorado Avalanche The parent club of the Lake Erie Monsters should field a fast-skating , offensive-minded group of forwards . The big question is whether their goaltending will be improved . The Avs paid a steep price in acquiring talented , but oft-injured Semyon Varlamov from Washington . They also are hoping to get more offense from their blue line . Erik Johnson should help in that area , but the Avs remain a long shot for the playoffs . Around the league
• The NHL has returned to Winnipeg after a 15-year absence as the Atlanta Thrashers relocated in the off-season . The Jets play their first game Sunday against Montreal . • One of the league 's biggest developing stories is realignment . The Blue Jackets and Red Wings are two teams with a desire to join the Eastern Conference . • Center Brad Richards was the off-season 's biggest free-agency signing as he joined the offensively challenged New York Rangers . • Brendan Shanahan , the new czar of discipline , suspended eight players in the preseason as the league tries to eliminate unnecessary headshots . Wisniewski must sit out the first eight games for his high hit on Minnesota 's Cal Clutterbuck . -- Tom Reed
As the team 's longest-tenured player , Nash has endured his share of criticism . A small segment of fans has questioned his leadership and wondered if rebuilding the franchise would n't be more easily achieved by trading the one player sure to yield a sizeable return .
Howson has chosen the more conventional path .
`` We just thought to ourselves , 'What can we do to help , Rick ? ' `` Howson said . `` Otherwise , we are just going to waste his prime years if we do n't get moving .
`` The conversations I 've had with him [ after ] every year he 's always said , 'Get us two more All-Stars . ' ``
In analyzing his career arc , there are LeBron James parallels .
Each is a former No . 1 overall draft pick . Each is a two-time Olympian and gold-medallist . Each spent years without strong supporting casts .
And in the summer of 2010 , each had opportunities to become an unrestricted free agent .
You think Spike Lee and other New York Knicks fans were galvanized by visions of James in the Big Apple ? Folks in hockey-mad Toronto would have uprooted the CN Tower and driven it to Columbus for the right to negotiate with Nash , who grew up in Brampton , Ontario .
`` It was appetizing thinking about playing for the Maple Leafs , '' Nash said . `` But I still felt there was a job to do here . I did n't want to take the easy way around it .
`` I felt as though I owed it to the city and organization to try and bring a winning team and a championship here . ''
On July , 3 , 2009 , Nash signed an eight-year , $ 62.4 million contract extension . He rejected the Jackets ' largest offer because he thought it hindered the club 's chances of signing others .
`` He told me , 'It 's too much of the pie , ' `` agent Joe Resnick said . `` Rick wanted me to go back and renegotiate for less . ''
The agent restructured the contract , adding an eighth season to lessen the Blue Jackets ' salary cap hit . Nash could have enhanced his brand by playing in bigger markets . But heightened exposure does n't motivate the five-time All-Star , who represents Under Armour and served as the cover boy for NHL 2K9 video game .
The laidback winger with the scruffy beard admits he would rather spend his free time with friends than in a studio shooting commercials .
Nash was vacationing at his cottage in Northern Ontario on July 8 , 2010 , the night James told a nation of his intentions to the join the Miami Heat .
`` The Cavs seemed so close , '' Nash said . `` LeBron had done so much for the franchise and the city , you would think he would have wanted to finish the job . But I can see it from his standpoint as well . When you do n't win , you want to go to a winning team so , as an athlete , I can understand that part . ''
James has made two trips to the NBA Finals . Meanwhile , Nash 's postseasons have consisted mostly of world-championship appearances , tournaments stocked with NHL players whose teams miss the Stanley Cup playoffs .
Nash said it would be a `` huge disappointment '' if his career ended without a serious run at a title . The arrival of Carter from Philadelphia helps in his quest .
The Blue Jackets begin the season with the NHL 's fifth- and sixth-leading goal scorers over the past four seasons in Carter ( 144 ) and Nash ( 143 ) . No longer can defensive coverage overload Nash 's side of the ice with Carter as a linemate . If the franchise can get fourth-year goaltender Steve Mason to return to his rookie form , the Blue Jackets will contend for the playoffs .
Nash hopes to reward Columbus fans for their patience and understands why not many from Cleveland and Cincinnati make the two-hour commute to Nationwide Arena .
`` You have to win to earn respect as a team , to earn a buzz , '' Nash said . `` We can reach out to those markets , but I do n't think people will start coming down until we are playing in Game 7s or in a position to clinch a playoff spot . ''
Perhaps only then will the state 's most obscure pro star be fully appreciated .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : treed @ plaind.com , 216-999-4370
Learning Perl , Seventh Edition adds an appendix on Perl 's experimental features . This way , we can introduce such a feature in the chapters without explaining the dance of pragmas and proper versions each time . People who do n't want to use those features can easily skip over those bits in the main text .
With one or two mildly interesting experimental features , we would be content to leave out any mention of them . And , since we expect this edition to last for three years , we want to present currently experimental features we expect to be stable by then .
The most interesting new experimental feature , and the one we hope becomes stable soon , is subroutine signatures . Perhaps by adding this to the book it will magically work out . Although , we tried that with smart matching and we had to remove that chapter .
This syntax exceedingly pleases us in that it 's a bit quicker to denote what the subroutine expects , it sets default values , and it 's less ugly ( perhaps the greatest benefit of any new feature ) . New Perlers should like the language even more when they can define a subroutine with something like this :
sub do_this_thing ( $ first , $ second = 'default ' , $ ) { ... }
We also included the new bitwise feature that clears up the string-or-number wart that has plagued those operators . One of Perl 's great strengths is its easy conversion between the two , but almost all operators will do the same thing no matter the input . The numeric addition operator always does numeric addition . This is n't true of the bitwise operators , at least until this experimental feature fixes that . As a former scientists and hobbyist binary format reverse engineered , this often ignore corner of Perl makes me happy .
Before we make it to the next edition , we expect some of these features to be stable . We hope that future-proofs the book at least a little .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS , MO ( KTVI ) - The Associate Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs and interim athletic director at Washington University has appeared in federal court on a child pornography charge . A grand jury filed an indictment last Wednesday against Justin Carroll , 67 , of University City for incidents between November 2015 to December 2016 . It remained sealed until Carroll 's court appearance Monday morning .
Federal investigators say they traced his IP address to computers at his home and Washington University . They say the computers were being used to share child porn .
The federal indictment says that Carroll was watching videos containing boys as young as under 6-years-old engaging in sex acts with men .
Washington University helped with the investigation . There appears to be no connection with Carroll 's responsibilities at the University or involving students .
Carroll 's retirement from Washington University was announced on January 10th . He worked at the school for 36 years . The retirement takes effect on February 1st .
If convicted , this charge carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and/or fines up to $ 250,000 .
Researchers have just given us a way to point an accusatory finger at our polluting neighbors , by calculating the emissions made by individual buildings .
The program , named Hestia , after the Greek Goddess of the Home , can map CO 2 emissions in urban landscapes and narrow them down to certain streets or homes , using public databases , traffic simulation and building-by-building energy consumption modeling .
“ Cities have had little information with which to guide reductions in greenhouse gas emissions – and you ca n't reduce what you ca n't measure , ” said Kevin Gurney , an associate professor in Arizona State University 's School of Life Sciences and Hestia 's chief scientist . “ With Hestia , we can provide cities with a complete , three-dimensional picture of where , when and how carbon dioxide emissions are occurring . ”
Of course , this only works in cities where local air pollution reports , traffic counts and tax assessor information exist and can be pulled from databases . However , as good as the researchers ' intentions are , it will probably backfire , as City A will just say that City B emits more than it , so it does n't have to do anything at all – same for companies , manufacturers , etc . Still , hopefully , communities will use this fantastic opportunity wisely .
“ As a community , we must take a leadership role in sustaining our relationship with the environment , ” ASU President Michael Crow said hopefully . “ This research , and its implications for global engagement regarding climate change , is an exciting step forward . Hestia gives us the next tool we need to help policy-makers create effective greenhouse gas legislation . ”
The mapping project is part of an effort by Arizona State University researchers to eventually map all major cities in the US , in an attempt to help guide climate policymakers . So far , boffins managed to map Indianapolis in Indiana and are working on Los Angeles , California and Phoenix , Arizona at the moment . The precision they managed to achieve surpassed many expectations , and can go all the way down to an individual household – authors explained it is the first such detailed account of urban areas and their fossil fuel emissions .
While Carbon is n't the only greenhouse gas , it is by far the most important , especially since it remains in the atmosphere for hundreds or thousands of years . If everything goes well , Hestia could bring some major changes , even worldwide .
“ These results may also help overcome current barriers to the United States joining an international climate change treaty , ” Gurney said . “ Many countries are unwilling to sign a treaty when greenhouse gas emission reductions can not be independently verified . ”
Source : Arizona State University
Enjoyed this article ? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter . Subscribe now !
@ IlliniFootball To Broadcast in Mandarin Chinese
New listening option to debut September 4 on FIGHTINGILLINI.COM
Champaign , Ill. – Illinois Athletics and the Fighting Illini Radio Network , under the direction of Fighting Illini Sports Properties , have announced that home football games at Memorial Stadium will be broadcast in Mandarin Chinese online through FIGHTINGILLINI.COM .
The broadcast will be led by David He , a sophomore majoring in Recreation , Sport , and Tourism . David will be joined by Bruce Lu .
Over 4,500 students from China attend the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , making them the largest group of international students on campus . The number of Chinese students attending Illinois has gradually increased from 850 students in the fall of 2005 to more than five times that number today .
`` Our goal with this is to better reach all Fighting Illini fans , whether they attend school here in Champaign-Urbana or have graduated and are living abroad '' said Senior Associate Director of Athletics Mike Waddell . `` We are very excited to reach both Chinese students and alumni and give them the option to enjoy Illinois football in Mandarin Chinese . We hope that this is the first of many international outreach efforts for Fighting Illini Athletics . ''
Broadcasting football games in Chinese are the latest effort in a series of moves to better connect with international students on campus . Beginning in 2013 , Illinois Athletics has partnered with Inclusive Illinois , the Chinese Students and Scholars Association and the International Student and Scholar Services office to host Football 101 – an interactive and educational session about the basics of football taught by the Fighting Illini football team ; and Basketball Carnival – an open gym focusing on the fundamentals of basketball with the Fighting Illini women 's basketball team .
The English language broadcast , featuring Brian Barnhart , Martin O'Donnell and Carey Davis on the call , will be broadcast on the statewide 43-station Fighting Illini Sports Network and on FIGHTINGILLINI.COM .
Fighting Illini Sports Properties is a property of Learfield Sports , which manages the multimedia rights and sponsorships for nearly 100 collegiate institutions and associations . The company also titles the prestigious Learfield Sports Directors ' Cup , and represents collegiate institutions , conferences and arenas for their respective multimedia rights and sponsorship initiatives . Learfield offers these partners with professional concessions and ticket sales , licensing and trademark consulting , digital platform expertise and venue and technology systems through its owned companies . To learn more about its history , businesses and job opportunities , visit learfieldsports.com .
How ( NOT ) to hide OpenVPN behind HTTPS/SSL
Update 2017 : Sadly I found out ( thanks due to the comments on this blog post ) that using port-share does not encapsulate subsequent traffic in normal TLS . So using this method will not fool Deep-Package Inspection Firewalls . If you need to mask all your traffic , this is not an option – you might need to investigate stunnel , information can be found here , here or here . I assume , that the higher success rate of this method could be related to some firewalls checking the target of the initial https request . This would yield a normal website with this setup and might be enough to fool some websites .
Work had me traveling quite a bit recently . While it makes life interesting but stressy , it also forces me to use wifi networks where most traffic is blocked . Often VPN traffic is blocked , but for maximum annoyance sometimes mail or SSH access is denied too .
I do have a fast-enough internet connection with a dynamic public IP address at home , so the obvious solution is to setup a VPN server on a small Raspberry/ODROID-class device and use that to circumvent the wifi 's internet filters . A commonly suggest way about the egress firewall is to just use the HTTPS port ( tcp/443 ) for the openvpn traffic . This might work in some situations , but as soon as deep-packet inspection is performed this is not feasible anymore .
OpenVPN supports covert operation as a transparent HTTP proxy . If an OpenVPN client connects , the OpenVPN server will create a VPN connection . If a normal browser connects , the original web site is served . The only way for an wifi router to filter this , would be to block all outgoing HTTPS traffic – highly unlikely in this age where ( legitimate ) users might want to use banking apps , etc .
It 's a pity that this setup is very badly documented . To prevent myself from wasting more minutes researching the config next time I have to set something like this up , I 'm putting up my notes onto this blog . Goal is a transparent OpenVPN server with a webserver ( using a let 's encrypt SSL certificate ) behind it .
This is a collection of my notes , I might update them with more details later on . At least they should be sufficient to setup the OpenVPN thing for yourself ( if you have some Linux knowledge ) .
Prerequisites
I 'm not covering the whole basic access point/router setup . I am assuming that the following is already available :
some server within the home network ( I 'm using an old Hardkernel ODROID U2 with Debian on it for that )
an internet modem/router that allows port forwards ( we 're using port 443 )
an internet provider that assigns a public IP address . In my case , the IP address changes over time , so I 'm using a no-ip dynamic alias for my router ( `` server.ddns.local '' during the notes ) .
A working port forward of port 443 from the internet router to the local server
So in summary , I can get to my local server 's port 443 by accessing https : //server.ddns.local .
Step 1 : setup web-server with let 's encrypt certificate
I 'm using the my Kali Linux 's certbot package to get a working SSL certificate and setup a HTTPS webserver ( on the local server ) .
[ root @ server ] # apt-get install certbot [ root @ server ] # certbot certonly -d server.ddns.net
Now your SSL keys/certificates will lie within /etc/letsencrypt/live . I 'm using nginx as a webserver , so the corresponding /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default looks something like :
server { listen 443 ssl default_server ; ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/server.ddns.net/privkey.pem ; ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/server.ddns.net/fullchain.pem ; root /var/www/html ; index index.html index.htm index.nginx-debian.html ; server_name _ ; location / { # First attempt to serve request as file , then # as directory , then fall back to displaying a 404. try_files $ uri $ uri/ =404 ; } }
Now we can start the webserver :
[ root @ server ] # systemctl start nginx
Test this by accessing your server 's URL from an external computer ( if you 're trying to access the server through your home network you might have a problem with NAT loopback ) .
Stop the web server through :
[ root @ server ] # systemctl stop nginx
Step 2 : setup openvpn server with custom certificates
Next step is to setup openvpn with custom certificates using easy-rsa on the server . During certificate generation you can normally just ignore all asked questions .
OpenVPN uses different certificates than the web server . This confused me originally .
For me ( using Kali Linux ) this setup started with :
[ root @ server ] # apt-get install openvpn [ root @ server ] # cd /usr/share/easy-rsa [ root @ server ] # . vars [ root @ server ] # ./clean-all [ root @ server ] # ./build-dh [ root @ server ] # ./build-ca [ root @ server ] # ./build-key-server server [ root @ server ] # ./build-key client
You can find more information here . This generates a couple of certificates in the keys subdirectory , let 's copy those to the /etc/openvpn directory :
[ root @ server ] # cp /usr/share/easy-rsa/keys/dh2048.pem /etc/openvpn [ root @ server ] # cp /usr/share/easy-rsa/keys/ca.crt /etc/openvpn [ root @ server ] # cp /usr/share/easy-rsa/keys/server . * /etc/openvpn
OpenVPN will listen on the default HTTPS port ( 443 ) . To allow for this , we have to move the original HTTPS server to another port ( in my case , to 4443 ) . To achieve this , we need to change the listen line in /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default to :
listen 4443 ssl default_server ;
Now we create a simple openvpn server config in /etc/openvpn/ssl.conf , notice how we are using TCP port 443 ( HTTPS ) as listening port :
# network stuff local 0.0.0.0 proto tcp port 443 dev tuns port-share 127.0.0.1 4443 # certificate stuff cert /etc/openvpn/prosthetic_conscience.crt key /etc/openvpn/prosthetic_conscience.key ca /etc/openvpn/ca.crt dh /etc/openvpn/dh2048.pem # security cipher AES-256-CBC auth SHA512 tls-cipher TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-AES-256-GCM-SHA384 : TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-AES-128-GCM-SHA256 : TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-AES-256-CBC-SHA : TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-CAMELLIA-256-CBC-SHA : TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-AES-128-CBC-SHA : TLS-DHE-RSA-WITH-CAMELLIA-128-CBC-SHA # VPN network configuration server 10.8.0.0 255.255.255.0 ifconfig-pool-persist ipp.txt push `` route 192.168.8.0 255.255.255.0 '' push `` redirect-gateway def1 bypass-dhcp '' push `` dhcp-option DNS 8.8.8.8 '' client-to-client persist-key persist-tun # management status openvpn-status.log log-append openvpn.log verb 3
Please note that my local network is 192.168.8.0/24 , the push `` route 192.168.8.0 255.255.255.0 '' allows me to access my local computers through the VPN tunnel .
We modify /etc/default/openvpn to automatically enable this tunnel when Openvpn starts :
AUTOSTART= '' ssl ''
And finally start both the webserver ( now on the new port ) and the OpenVPN server :
[ root @ server ] # systemctl start nginx [ root @ server ] # systemctl start openvpn
This would be a good time to check the HTTPS server on the public port again . It should still show the nginx `` It 's working '' default page and use the let 's encrypt SSL certificate .
Step 3 : add openvpn client config
Copy the following files to the client computer ( which connects through the internet to the OpenVPN computer ) ;
client.crt
client.key
ca.crt
and use the following OpenVPN configuration client.conf file :
client dev tun proto tcp remote server.ddns.net ca ca.crt cert client.crt key client.key cipher AES-256-CBC auth SHA512
and start the OpenVPN tunnel with :
[ root @ server ] # openvpn client.conf
You should get an IP address in the 10.8.0.2-254 range . You can test if the OpenVPN tunnel is working by trying to connect to the local server through the VPN tunnel , e.g . :
$ ssh andy @ 10.8.0.1
If this connection succeeds you have a working transparent OpenVPN-over-HTTPS tunnel ! Take that , overly restrictive wifi networks ! But for now , this tunnel will not allow outgoing traffic : you can communicate with your server and multiple VPN clients can communicate with each other .. and that 's it .
step 4 : enable outgoing routing ( i.e. , internet through the VPN )
The final step is to enable routing and masquerading on the local server . To do this non-persistently on debian you 'll need to ( as root ) :
On Tuesday night , December 3 , 2013 we have as our guest Kevin Driscoll , a falsely accused man who made headlines among men 's rights publications around the world in 2009 and became a poster boy for the falsely accused . His case marked the first time that activists converged on a single incident to bring attention to false accusations of sexual assault and quite possibly changed the outcome of his harrowing trial in Dechutes County Oregon . His story is typical : a disordered accuser with a history of false accusations , a corrupt prosecutor that demonstrated gross misconduct during his trial and a local media that failed to cover the story fairly .
We will be talking about the experience of being falsely accused as well as the fallout and it 's long term effects on his life . We invite all those who participated in bringing attention to his case as well as anyone interested in talking to a real life victim of a horrendous false rape accusation to call in and talk with Kevin .
There are a lot of things that come under the tag “ only in Russia ” , and we try to cover each one . It 's a big pity but this thing happens only in Russia too . These photos come from the the well-known white-coated seal farms . If you are not aware about such a way of Russian farming I will explain a little . In Russia there are farms where white-coated seals are breed . They are being valued much for their fur , it 's something like a rolls-royce in the world of furs , the top fur on the market . It gives warmth , it 's soft like a silk and looks terrific at least this is what the consumers say . What does differ this fur from other furs , is the extreme cruelty in its production . The seals are being clubbed to death at the age of one month . And that 's the only way to do it , according to the fur industry strict standards . The fur-coat makers say holes from bullets spoil the virgin white skins of those 1-month old small seals so they demand them only to be smashed with a good old club .
So here are some photos from one of such farms , or it could be better to say concentration camps . No violence on the photos in order to save your nerves .
This particular farm is in Arkhangelsk Oblast , North-West Russia . The seals are being transported in cages to the farm , there they grow up to one month age and then are hit to death with clubs . The average salary of people who execute is around $ 150/month , and that 's a lot of money for them , so we ca n't blame them , they have families etc . The final fur-coat made of the one-month-old white-fur seal is around $ 7,000 for the small size
Subscribe to our Facebook , Twitter to stay updated for the new posts . Also we have many more stories to explore below :
San Francisco Bicycle Coalition Faces Contested Board Election
UPDATE : This post has been edited to clarify a point about the SFBC board 's actions . Please see note at end .
For the first time in its history , the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition , which has grown to become one of the city 's most active and effective advocacy organizations , is facing a contested election for its board .
Depending on whom you talk to , the issues are member 's privacy vs. members voting rights , progressive vs. neoliberal politics , whether the board should become professional or stick to its grassroots tradition , or whether diversity and equity belong at the core bike advocacy .
The conflict has created a face-off between two opposing candidate slates for the seven board seats up for election this year , giving members what looks like a stark choice between business as usual and a takeover by a new board .
Then , in the midst of it all , Executive Director Noah Budnick announced his resignation after only eight months on the job .
It all looks a little dicey for the SFBC , which since the 1990s has grown its membership tremendously while learning to navigate city politics to help change the way San Francisco thinks and talks about bicycles .
But looks can be deceiving .
Budnick 's resignation may not have anything to do with the current board turmoil . Budnick has been circumspect about his reasons , and when asked has referred only to his coming status as a foster parent .
The stark choice between two opposing slates is not mandatory . Members will vote for individuals , not necessarily for one full slate over the other . Whichever candidates are elected will have to find a way to work with current board members .
Proposed Bylaw Change
The roots of the current situation go back a few years , and bubbled to a simmer this summer when the current board proposed a change in the bylaws that would have redefined membership . The existing board reasoned it was necessary to keep members ' contact information private . The change would have , among other things , eliminated members ' voting rights , with future board members instead being appointed by existing ones .
To members of the board , that would not have been dramatically different from the way past board elections have been run . Board elections at SFBC have traditionally involved “ a painstaking process , ” in the words of Amandeep Jawa , a current board member who is not up for reelection this year . Every year , half of the board seats are open for election by members . Some of the current members seek reelection , in addition to which the board recruits new members and interviews them . In past elections , the board has then endorsed the same number of people as open seats , and then put it to a vote by the members .
“ Above and beyond that , ” said Jawa , “ anybody can run for the board . But most years there 's just the board-endorsed candidates—in part because it 's a lot of work , and it 's a thankless job . ”
“ Every year we struggle to get a quorum of votes , because our membership thinks things are going well , ” he said . “ The board members have to work our tails off to recruit candidates , and then work our tails off to get people to vote . ”
The board endorsement process caused problems last year , however , when a member who wanted to run for the board did not get an endorsement , and was not satisfied with the 150 words he was given to explain his candidacy . His request for the right to communicate with SFBC members caused confusion and upset when the board opted * to provide him with member contact information , and some members objected to receiving emails from him .
The board decided that the solution was to change the bylaws so they would n't be forced to give out member contact information—and at the same time redefine the board to be a self-appointed , rather than elected , board .
But to some members , the idea of not having a say in the board election was fundamentally anti-democratic . Others protested that the vote was conducted badly , and that the consequences of the proposed bylaw change were not clearly explained in voting materials . Several members got together and formed Save SF Bike to formally protest the election .
Meanwhile the SFBC board certified the results of the voting , which had passed the proposals . Save SF Bike threatened legal action , and the board subsequently found flaws in the way it had conducted the election and rescinded it .
In the end , the bylaws remained unchanged , so the annual election for board members is taking place as usual . But this time the usual board-endorsed slate is faced with an opposition slate , all of whom are endorsed by Save SF Bike .
Opposing Slates
So what 's at stake ? For some , the struggle is a microcosmic reflection of San Francisco politics , pitting neoliberals pushing for a professional organization against progressives who want to return to the SFBC 's grassroots tradition .
But it 's never that simple .
Andy Thornley is a long-time SFBC staffer and a candidate on the board-endorsed slate , although he supports members of both slates and says that he 'd be happy if any one of the candidates won . “ I honestly think this is a great thing , ” he said last week . “ How wonderful that we have fifteen people interesting in being on the bike coalition 's board ! ”
For him , the timing of all of this is excellent . The SFBC has around 10,000 members , slightly down from a peak of about 13,000 a few years ago , and a robust discussion around how the organization should move forward is due . Thornley says he is committed to helping make this happen when the SFBC holds its strategic planning process next year .
There are many reasons Thornley was endorsed by current board members , even though he spoke up over the summer about the bylaw election irregularities . For one , he has had experience with an organization whose board transitioned from a member-elected one to an appointed one : he was on the board of the Transportation and Land Use Coalition when it became TransForm .
“ That led to big changes ” and allowed TransForm to grow into a different kind of organization , he said . The SFBC is going through a similar process . Board members , said Thornley , work hard for no pay , and “ the organization needs a steady , smart governing body . For many years now , the board has been consciously cultivating its own composition , intentionally developing it so the board is well rounded , has the right competencies , and—frankly—gets along with each other . ”
For some , however , the idea of eliminating member voting rights strikes at the heart of a grassroots organization that is in danger of losing the connection with its members . “ SFBC is moving more towards a professional model , ” said Jeremy Pollock , a candidate on the Save SF Bike slate and a legislative aide to Supervisor John Avalos . “ The board has been establishing good working relationships with city staff , which is great . But our slate is focusing on the grassroots , on diversifying the bike coalition and broadening our outreach with a social justice focus , reaching out to low-income communities of color to bring them into bike coalition . ”
Equity and Diversity
“ We do n't want to take the bike coalition away from its core focus on biking , ” said Pollock , “ but to work with other advocacy groups , including pedestrian , transit , seniors , and disability advocates . These are our natural allies . Our slate would be able to strengthen those alliances . And we can expand the geographic , class , and ethnic diversity of the bike coalition . ”
The role of equity and diversity in bike advocacy is not just a local one , nor is it recent , although it is only recently being met head-on across the nation . The League of American Bicyclists recently faced questions about the lack of transparency in the process of hiring its new executive director . In October , The Alliance for Biking and Walking released its “ The State of the Movement ” report [ PDF ] , which showed that nationally little progress has been made in recruiting advocates who can identify with the experience of the majority of people who bike—that is , low-income people of color . And at the recent California Bike Summit , which was organized around the theme of equity , LACBC executive director Tamika Butler gave a devastating keynote speech about the contradictions faced by people of color who end up representing the “ diversity ” factor in advocacy groups .
Thornley acknowledges that this issue is not new . “ It 's not just the last decade or two—it 's the unfortunate heritage of bike advocacy , ” he says . “ Any monkey can organize white , well-educated males who have the time to go to meetings . The question is , how do you get beyond just being an organization that already has the support of the easy-to-organize groups , and reach out to people who have other , more important issues on their list ? ”
The two organizations that have endorsed candidate slates—Save SF Bike and Love SFBC , which is made up of current board members—have published their platforms online .
The Save SF Bike platform includes plans to “ rebuild member trust , reinvigorate member involvement , and expand and diversify membership , ” in addition to continuing the good work SFBC has been doing for many years .
The Love SFBC platform emphasizes a focus on “ what the membership really wants , not personal agendas. ” It also refers to a need to “ keep the Board focused on enabling staff , not micromanaging them or taking them in an overly political direction . ”
Both of those statements are aimed at the Save SF Bike slate , but they are written in code . Because the Save SF Bike candidates have been active in social justice issues like housing and organizing in communities of color , the Love SFBC statements could easily be read as saying they do n't want SFBC to be distracted by discussions about racism .
Jeremy Pollock responded to the Love SFBC platform by pointing out that helping develop high-level strategy and policy goals is an important role for nonprofit boards . “ It 's totally appropriate for [ Save SF Bike ] to say we want to prioritize diversifying the SFBC and reinvigorating member involvement , ” he wrote in an email to Streetsblog . “ We fully understand board members do not get involved in staff-level work . All of our candidates have years of experience as nonprofit board members and/or staffers . We 're all very familiar with the board-management-staff dynamics . ”
Where to Now ?
No matter who gets elected , the board will face two immediate tasks : finding a new executive director and developing a new strategic plan . All of the questions and issues discussed here are likely to come into play during both of those processes . The question is , can the SFBC be both a professional organization and one that encourages meaningful grassroots involvement ? It can , but it will be a challenge .
Andy Thornley is excited about the possibilities . “ Bike advocacy gets people riled up , ” he said . “ If people did n't have passionate feelings about biking in the city , they would n't join the SFBC. ” The conversation around the board election , he believes , “ is not inordinately poisonous or vicious . This is San Francisco , ” he says . “ SFBC swims in the ocean of passionate electoral politics , but that 's not really what 's happening . This is n't tearing apart the organization . ”
“ At the bike coalition we are really , really blessed that we have such a passionate membership , ” said boardmember Jawa . “ That means lots of great things for us . In San Francisco policy and politics , we are a respected player at the table . That all comes from the strength of our membership . ”
Save SF Bike candidate Pollock believes that the election “ is a great opportunity for all of us to start talking about our priorities for the Bike Coalition . ”
More information about the candidates , their interests , and the slates ' agendas can be found on their websites at Save SF Bike and Love SFBC .
Voting , which is open only to current SFBC members , continues until the end of the month . There will be an opportunity to hear directly from the candidates at SFBC 's annual membership party and open house on December 10 .
* SFBC board member Amandeep Jawa objected to the use of the word “ opted ” here . Because the privacy issue has been such a big part of this conflict , for the sake of clarification it 's worth exploring in a little more detail .
The board maintains that its legal team advised that it had no choice in the matter of whether to provide member contact information when it was requested .
According to the law , the board could offer alternatives rather than just hand over member contact lists . And it did that : the board offered to add information about the candidate 's website to his official campaign statement . He did not accept that offer in lieu of directly contacting members , and because there was a tight deadline to respond to his request , there was no time to fully explore other alternatives .
“ In the end , it comes down to the fact that we offered him an alternative that we thought was better than giving him the list , ” said Jawa . It was “ a good faith alternative that would involve the least disruption or privacy problems for our members . When he turned it down , there was no time to explore an option B . ”
The option of just forwarding emails to members for him was not offered , said Jawa , because the board felt it would then have to do the same for all the other candidates . However , in the end , if any other candidate had requested the member contact list , they would have been in the same boat .
North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory on Monday signed into law changes in how residents can vote that includes requiring them to show a photo ID at polling stations , a move that triggered threats of legal action from the NAACP and other groups .
The American Civil Liberties Union joined two other groups in announcing that they were filing suit against key parts of the package . This came hours after McCrory said in a statement that he had signed the measure , without a ceremony .
“ Common practices like boarding an airplane and purchasing Sudafed require photo ID , and we should expect nothing less for the protection of our right to vote , ” the Republican governor said in a statement .
McCrory , a Republican , also said residents “ overwhelmingly ” support the “ common sense ” law and that North Carolina is following 34 other states in requiring some form of vote ID .
Daily politics news delivered to your inbox : sign up for our newsletter
`` While some will try to make this seem to be controversial , the simple reality is that requiring voters to provide a photo ID when they vote is a common sense idea , ” McCrory also said . “ This new law brings our state in line with a healthy majority of other states throughout the country . ”
The suit specifically targets the parts of the law that eliminate a week of early voting , end same-day registration , and prohibit `` out-of-precinct '' voting .
The changes will not take effect until the 2016 elections , the governor said in a 95-second video his office posted on YouTube .
The new law allows voters to cast a provisional ballot if they come to a polling station without proper ID . The hours to cast an early ballot remain the same , and there will be 10 days for voters to cast their ballot early .
However , the new law will not allow a person to register and vote on the same day . Other changes include an effort to reduce the “ pay-to-play ” culture of politics by placing additional campaign finance restrictions on lobbyists , according to the governor 's office .
Supporters of the legislation say it is meant to prevent voter fraud , which they claim is both rampant and undetected .
Critics , including Democrats and libertarians , suggested the true goal is to suppress voter turnout , especially among blacks , the young , the elderly and the poor .
North Carolina is among a number of states with GOP strongholds that have passed stricter voter identification laws , redrawn political maps fortifying Republican majorities and reduced early voting under President Barack Obama .
Such states claimed victory after the U.S. Supreme Court , in a 5-4 decision in June , effectively wiped out part of the landmark Voting Rights Act that required federal `` preclearance '' of election-law changes in all or parts of 15 mostly Southern states with a history of discrimination . The law was enacted during the 1960s to outlaw racial discrimination against voters .
That high court ruling cleared the way for North Carolina 's Republican leadership to enact voting law changes without prior federal approval .
However , the Obama administration has signaled that it plans to take on some states over potentially discriminatory changes . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in July that the U.S. Justice Department would challenge a new voter identification law in Texas and previously suggested the department was closely watching developments in North Carolina and in other states .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Meetups are a great way to hear from the experts and keep up to date with the latest ideas - but what happens if you ca n't be there ? As developers ourselves , the Pusher team got to thinking that there had to be a better way . This content is just too valuable to miss .
So we decided to do something about it . Our mission : make it simple for developers anywhere to watch great programming talks and learn from the experts - anytime and absolutely free .
We spoke to meetup organisers and speakers and got them excited about getting in front of a wider audience . We pulled together a professional production team to create high quality videos and transcripts from meetups . We built a video platform to bring the content together in one place .
And now we have Sessions . Watch the talks that interest you . Subscribe to get notified when new content gets added . If you 're a meetup and want to get involved , let us know .
The first person I saw make the argument was Emily Nussbaum , and she was n't even really making the argument . While explaining her disappointment with the finale of Breaking Bad she briefly pondered whether it would have been more satisfying if Walter White had died in that car in New Hampshire , if everything that came after was a dying dream . That idea began picking up steam online , with many people - including comedian Norm McDonald - really starting to go bat for it . How could Walt have made it unseen from New Hampshire to New Mexico ? How could he have snuck into the Gray Matter mansion ? How did he get into Skyler 's apartment ? Are we supposed to believe that weird Todd would have a Groucho Marx ring tone ? How did Walt 's final plan work so well that only Jack and Todd were left to be personally offed at the end ? It was all too much , they say . It had to have been a dream .
Normally I love when people find weird interpretations or readings in a text . I love when someone argues a socialist reading of The Wizard of Oz or a date rape reading of Wall-E * , but those arguments must be supported by the text . And anyone argues that the finale of Breaking Bad was a dream is simply ignoring the text of the previous 61 episodes of the series .
The truth they may not want to admit : Breaking Bad always was a pulpy crime show . It was incredibly well made , with spectacular performances and indelible characters and breathless tension , but it was always pulp . From the beginning . This is a show , after all , where Gus Fring walks out of a room after being blown up , half his face missing , and adjusts his tie before falling over dead . This is the show you 've been watching . It 's not a show , like The Sopranos , with deep dream sequences . It 's not a show that goes for the surreal . It 's a show that tells the story of a mild-mannered teacher turning into an ill-fated drug lord .
The finale fits perfectly into that structure . Walt 's final plan is only slightly more exaggerated than many of his other masterstroke plans in the past . There was a certain tidiness to the ending - yes , the two evil characters we most wanted to see die got to die on their own - but that 's a function of the finale 's dedication to satisfying drama , not a hint of a mind slowly dying . Breaking Bad never wanted to confound your expectations , it only wanted to surpass them . The show was always telling a fairly straight ahead story , not a complicated and ethereal allegorical dance . There 's nothing wrong with that , and the show was always able to pack meaning into the straight-forward nature of its narrative . The pink bear was metaphorical , but only in the context of the narrative itself . And come on , Todd had 'She Blinded Me With Science ' as his ringtone for Walt . The guy was more clever than you 're giving him credit .
This belief that the ending of Breaking Bad is a dream reminds me of a similar theory that I also dislike , that the ending of Taxi Driver is a death dream . In that theory Travis Bickle dies in the brothel , and everything that comes after - his elevation to hero status and his eventual picking up of Betsy in his cab - is happening in Bickle 's mind as his synapse fire off their final messages . This is actually worse than the Breaking Bad theory because it profoundly misses the entire point of the ending of Taxi Driver , and it fundamentally denies the movie its complete message . Just like the Breaking Bad theory , though , the Taxi Driver theory has zero textual support . Neither the show nor the movie offer any cues or signals that what happens is a dream . As a viewer you ca n't decide a scene in a movie is a dream simply because you 're not entirely satisfied with it .
Both those theories are linked by a strange , Puritanical streak - the theorists are unhappy with the justice doled out at the end . They want Travis Bickle , a mad man , to pay for his craziness , not be a hero . And they want Walter White , a villain , to never have the satisfaction the finale gives him . Walter White loses , but in the bigger sense he wins - he gets redemptive moments , he is able to get his money to his family , he gets his vengeance and he finally goes out on his own terms , standing in a lab one last time .
Walter White does n't die in a frozen car in the wilderness of New Hampshire , he dies on the floor of a meth lab in Albuquerque . You 'd have to be dreaming to think otherwise .
* Yes , that was me . I loved when I did that .
Scientists and archaeologists have long known that the Antikythera Mechanism — a device that was discovered in an ancient shipwreck near Crete in 1901 — was astonishingly ahead of its time when it was built nearly 2,100 years ago . However , there was one thing no one had been able to figure out — what exactly was this contraption , made of several large gears and cogs , used for ?
Until now .
After more than a decade 's efforts that involved using state-of-the art scanning devices to decipher about 3,500 characters of explanatory text written in ancient Greek beneath the surface of the corroded fragments , scientists have come to the conclusion that the device was used for both astronomical and astrological purposes .
“ Now we have texts that you can actually read as ancient Greek , what we had before was like something on the radio with a lot of static , ” Alexander Jones , a historian from New York University and a member of the team that deciphered the text , reportedly said . “ It 's a lot of detail for us because it comes from a period from which we know very little about Greek astronomy and essentially nothing about the technology , except what we gather from here . So these very small texts are a very big thing for us . ”
According to studies published in the latest edition of the peer-reviewed journal Almagest , the Antikythera Mechanism , often called the world 's first analog computer , was , in addition to pinpoint the positions of sun , stars and the moon , used to predict solar and lunar eclipses — events ancient Greeks believed could impact human affairs .
“ The Antikythera mechanism simulated a Hellenistic cosmology in which astronomy , meteorology and astral divination were intertwined , ” the researchers said .
Some of the inscriptions on the device refer to the “ color ” of a forthcoming eclipse — something we now know is impossible to predict .
“ We are not quite sure how to interpret this , to be fair , but it could hark back to suggestions that the color of an eclipse was some sort of omen or signal , ” team member Mike Edmunds , a professor of astrophysics at Cardiff University , reportedly said . “ Certain colors might be better for what 's coming than other color . If that is so , and we are interpreting that correctly , this is the first instance we have in the mechanism of any real mention of astrology rather than astronomy . ”
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Every once and a while you need to stop and take stock of just how insane current monetary policy really is :
The tepid demand dampened inflation pressures last month . A price index for consumer spending edged up 0.1 percent , slowing from a 0.4 percent increase in June . Over the past 12 months , prices rose 1.4 percent compared with 1.3 percent in June . It was the biggest increase since February . Excluding food and energy , the price index for consumer spending nudged up 0.1 percent after advancing 0.2 percent in June . Core prices were up 1.2 percent from a year ago , rising by the same margin for a fourth consecutive month . Both inflation measures continue to trend below the Fed 's 2 percent target . That , combined with the lacklustre consumer spending , would argue against the U.S. central bank trimming the $ 85 billion in bond purchases it is making each month to keep interest rates low .
Yes , so it would seem . Indeed they should sharply boost the pace of QE . But they will probably taper anyway .
Now I suppose you could argue that the Fed does n't have a single mandate , they are supposed to also focus on employment , so while easier money is needed to hit the inflation target , the employment target requires . . . umm , easier money ?
Reuters continues :
Many economists , however , believe the Fed will make an announcement on the tapering at its September 17-18 policy meeting , starting off with a small cut to the bond-buying program , known as quantitative easing . “ This does nothing to alter our view of tapering . Fear of unquantifiable financial risks within a QE regime that offers diminishing returns is driving the policy agenda , not strong growth and inflation , ” said Eric Green , global head for rates , foreign exchange and commodity research at TD Securities in New York .
Yes , I forget about the third ( and top secret ) mandate that Congress gave the Fed ; “ unquantifiable financial risks. ” Here 's a general observation . When big cumbersome institutions are given the mandate to target “ unquantifiable ” anything , do n't hold your breath for good outcomes .
This is really absurd on so many levels . The asset markets are much more stable when you have steady NGDP growth , than when you have wild swings in NGDP . Anyone recalls asset prices in 2008-09 ? The asset markets are suggesting that tapering will create instability in emerging markets , and to a lesser extent the US stock market .
Ben Bernanke is a student of history , and knows full well that this reasoning is EXACTLY WHAT THE FED DID WRONG in the 1930s . And I mean exactly . You could find dozens of similar articles in the NYT from the 1930s . I hope he 's quietly pushing back against this view from within the Fed .
PS . The current frontrunner for the job of Fed chair is the most famous proponent of focusing Fed policy on reducing unquantifiable financial risks .
PPS . The ECB raised rates in 2011 . How 'd that reduce “ unquantifiable financial risks ? ” How about the Fed 's tight money policy of 1937 ?
PPPS . Right now I want all readers to cross their fingers . That 's it . That 's the Fed 's secret plan to bring inflation up to their 2 % target .
PPPPS . Marcus Nunes has a good post on the declining inflation rate in America .
PPPPPS . Here 's Ryan Avent :
There are limits to what reporting can uncover about a decision that is the president 's to make . Mr Obama may in fact be enthralled by Mr Summers ' private monetary views . For all I know the president is a die-hard Scott Sumner fan and Mr Summers has whispered to him that market monetarism is now his macroeconomic lodestar . But there are few signs that anything like that is going on .
Here are some signs that that is not going on :
1 . I favor strict rules , Summers favors discretion .
2 . I believe monetary policy is highly effective at the zero bound , Summers believes it 's ineffective .
3 . I oppose fiscal stimulus , Summers is in favor .
4 . I believe the Fed should ignore asset “ bubbles , ” Summer disagrees .
5 . I believe wage flexibility is stabilizing , Summers thinks it 's destabilizing .
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on August 31st , 2013 and is filed under Monetary Policy . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
