The newest season of Trailer Park Boys premieres on Netflix on Friday , September 5th .
This continues the Trailer Park Boys ' relationship with the streaming service . The Boys ' concert film shot in Ireland , “ Trailer Park Boys Live In Fuckin ' Dublin ” and their third movie “ Trailer Park Boys 3 : Do n't Legalize It ” are available on Netflix along with their first 7 seasons of their show .
The brand-new season 8 episodes are the first new shows since the Trailer Park Boys , John Paul Tremblay , Robb Wells and Mike Smith got the rights to their own characters Julian , Ricky and Bubbles last year . If this was n't enough for fans , the new movie from Tremblay , Wells and Smith , “ Swearnet ” has a Canadian premiere date of September 29th . In “ Swearnet ” , the guys play film versions of themselves promoting a new completely uncensored online network . The movie opens September 12th in New York and L.A. “ Swearnet ” will be available on Netflix after its theatrical release .
Time to roll one up and pour yourself a glass of swish to watch the continuing adventures of Ricky , Julian and Bubbles on Netflix.com
Read more comedy news .
favorite favorite favorite
I remember the first time I saw this game in the arcade , on a widescreen monitor ;
I watched others play ( which is what a jobless 14 year old did back in those days ) and was impressed by what I perceived to be an amazing play mechanic ; as the level progressed , you would `` power up '' to eventually become a creature with super-powers , only to lose them at the end of the level to a creepy guy who said `` welcome to your doom ! '' ( digitized voice back then was still somewhat of a rarety . )
Fast-forward a few months , and the Sega Genesis was to be released ( in limited markets- but thankfully mine ) , and the pack-in game was to be ... an `` arcade perfect '' version of Altered Beast .
I begged/pleaded/finally got my parents to buy me the thing for the holidays , and nervously put the cartridge into the new console ( and wondered why it was a cartridge , when the Genesis looked like a new-age CD player )
Turned it on , and was close to being blown away ... For about 15 minutes .
Yes , longevity in arcade games is often an afterthought . Altered Beast was no exception .
The graphics were beyond what the NES and Sega Master System could do . The music , sound effects , and voices sounded great ( especially via the headphone port on the Genesis ) . But the gameplay ... It was fun for a few minutes , but then you wondered , `` what next ? ''
Back in 1989 , when the Sega Genesis games cost $ 69.99 ( probably about twice that in 2014 dollars ) `` next '' would be to play Altered Beast again ... And probably one more time ... and then go back to the Nintendo until another relative would buy you another game ( and given the Genesis 's early library , those games probably would n't last much longer . )
Beyond the nostalgia ( and do n't get me wrong , it 's still a neat short game ) , it 's a quick but fun beat-em-up . The play mechanic of `` powering up '' would later be advanced by the superior Golden Axe .
The level design became boring and incredibly repetitive , particularly after level 2 .
It 's a `` neat '' experience to get a sense of what these arcade machines were doing in the late 80 's , but it was n't a great game then , and it certainly does n't hold up 25 years later .
It does give some insight , however , into the mindset of video game marketing execs back in that era- they expected ( and were largely correct ) that a 15 minute `` almost arcade perfect '' experience could sell a $ 200 console ( again , think $ 400 today . )
This would certainly not fly even a few years later .
80 's Guy -- November 2 , 2014A mediocre start to an excellent console generation
CLOSE Learn about the benefits of being able to read The News-Star on the go . The News-Star
Union Parish ( Photo : Union Parish )
A Union Parish teen died Thursday after an accidental shooting .
Union Parish Chief Criminal Deputy Bill Webb said the sheriff 's office was called to a shooting around 1:13 p.m .
Webb said it appears a 14-year-old white boy was in the woods target shooting with an older sibling when he was shot once in the head . Investigators believe a .22-caliber rifle caused the wound .
The victim was transported to Glenwood Regional Medical Center . Medical staff revived the teen , who was transported to Shreveport . He died about 4:04 p.m .
`` It just appears to be a terrible accident right now , '' Webb said .
Webb said the name was not being released pending notification of relatives . The body will be sent to Little Rock for an autopsy .
Follow Bonnie Bolden on Twitter @ Bonnie_Bolden_ and on Facebook at http : //on.fb.me/1RtsEEP .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.thenewsstar.com/story/news/crime/2017/06/08/14-year-old-dies-terrible-accidental-shooting/382730001/
The B.C . Liberal Party have unveiled an election platform that does n't contain any big new spending plans or flashy announcements .
Instead , Leader Christy Clark revealed a plan in Vancouver on Monday that reads more like a continuation of the government 's current plans , with a few tweaks .
Clark stresses that if the Liberals are re-elected for a fourth term , her government would hold the line on taxes and pay down provincial debt .
Clark also says that — contrary to the NDP — her government would not expand the carbon tax or institute a capital tax on financial institutions .
Other highlights from the platform include :
A five-year freeze on personal income tax , with the exception of the highest income earners .
A $ 250-per-child back-to-school tax credit for parents
A $ 500 tax credit for teachers who coach .
Small business tax rate dropping from 2.5 per cent to 1.5 per cent as of 2017 .
Corporate tax rate will come down to 10 per cent by 2018 .
The Liberals are also promising to train more doctors and increase hospice spaces in the province , expand the B.C . Training Tax credit , open a B.C . film office in L.A. and conduct annual forest industry trade missions to Asia .
The plan also includes putting a new TransLink funding formula to a referendum in conjunction with the 2014 civic election .
But the centrepiece of the platform is debt reduction , and to that end a Liberal government will dedicate half of future surpluses to debt reduction and beef up balanced budget legislation , including penalties for ministers who do n't meet their budget targets .
The Liberals also say government spending increases would be capped at a rate of nominal GDP growth .
NDP leader joins MLA 's in Prince George
Polls show Clark 's popularity trails far behind New Democratic Party Leader Adrian Dix , who is in Prince George this morning to announce his party 's plans to revive B.C . 's forest industry .
Dix , Columbia River-Revelstoke MLA Norm Macdonald , and two Prince-George-area candidates will be at the University of Northern B.C . for the 9:30 a.m. announcement .
B.C . NDP Leader Adrian Dix made the announcement at a campaign stop at Vancouver Film Studios last week . ( CBC )
Yesterday , Dix promised an NDP government would ban union and corporate political donations because the money has raised public suspicion about the principals of all parties .
The Liberals have already slammed the proposed donation ban , alleging New Democrats will force taxpayers to fund political parties when individual donations fall short .
The provincial election takes place on May 14 , 2013 .
Growing up , my mother always dropped me and my brother off at school…every morning until I was old enough to start driving . That means I 've gone through years of observing mom-mobiles picking up and dropping off little millennials at school with hands carrying lunch boxes instead of smartphones . Back then it was either a big SUV or a minivan , with sedans and trucks in-between ; now I ca n't tell if a vehicle is a crossover , a midsize crossover or a tall subcompact hatchback . That 's the attitude I had when first seeing the 2017 GMC Acadia .
Another ‘ tweener , I thought . But when I stepped in I noticed something that looked very out of place in a vehicle this size . Down on the console , just below the gear shift , was a little knob that is typically used to change between 2WD and AWD , or other off-road settings . This knob , however , had a picture of a little race flag… a sport mode ? In an Acadia ? It piqued my interest , and after spending a week with the All-Terrain Acadia I can say this is one SUV that can cross over into different vehicle classes without having an identity crisis .
EXTERIOR
According to GMC , the Acadia falls in the lineup between the smaller Terrain and GMC 's golden boy/child/ticket , the Yukon . The Acadia is a midsize SUV that can seat up to seven with a third row and has towing capacity to satisfy the average weekend adventurer . As a middle child , it has to find a way to stand out from the pack . We 'll start with styling .
A friend of mine thought I had driven up in a Dodge Durango when he saw the profile of the Acadia , and I can see a similarity in the rear quarter windows . The Acadia has lost a lot of weight since 2015 and managed to shred 700 pounds of bulk for a leaner , meaner look . No more chubby cheeks in front , as GMC 's designers gave it cheek bones and a confident smile to show off its toned design . The previous Acadia could weigh in at nearly 4,900 pounds at its heaviest but now hovers around 4,200 ( or less ) , depending on options .
INTERIOR
Our test Acadia was equipped with the All-Terrain package , which includes leather seats , rear AC vents for the back , aluminum wheels , and GMC 's advanced all-wheel drive system . The exterior 's ebony twilight metallic paint was a great color choice to match the interior 's Jet Black/Kalahari seats that gave the SUV a more upscale , Denali-ish , feel . The interior is also quiet enough to hold a conference meeting , if needed .
I was lucky to have the Acadia at this point in my life because I was moving into a new apartment and my life does not fit in the trunk of my little daily driver . Once the rear seat was folded I had a panel van worth of space , able to fit not only my stuff but my brother 's stuff as well . From skateboards to nightstands , it all fit perfectly in the back . The push-button tailgate meant I did n't have to pull down a heavy door with sore muscles . And worth mentioning is the number of small compartments in the back for the miscellaneous objects in your life .
On the dashboard you get the usual touchscreen with WiFi , Apple Car-play , satellite radio , and seat warmers . The Acadia has a new safety feature that , when I discovered it , made me worry for the future of this nation . The Acadia has a Rear Seat Reminder , which is a collection of sensors on the rear doors . If you open them within ten minutes of starting the vehicle it will ding and flash the dashboard , reminding you to check your backseat when you turn the vehicle off . If you have n't guessed , this is to prevent people from leaving babies and pets inside a locked car . You know , things that you might forget ? It 's a great safety feature , but one that makes you wonder how distracted we are as a society when the car itself has to remind you not to leave another living thing inside a hot car .
SPECS .
There are two engines available with the Acadia , a 2.5 liter four cylinders that pushes the SUV using 193 horsepower . The one I was driving came with the upgraded 3.6 liter V6 with a very pleasing 310 horsepower and a Hydra-Matic 6-speed transmission sending that power to all four wheels .
The Acadia was delivered to me reading 500 miles of range out from its 22-gallon tank . I burned through all of it in seven days , even though the Acadia gets 25 mpg on highway and 18 in the city . The reason why ? Because I had so much fun driving this SUV ! That V6 engine coupled with AWD makes the Acadia feel like it wants to carve up a canyon , and that 's exactly what I did .
It was 7:00 am on a Sunday . The roads looked like mirrors as the week of rainstorms continued to bathe the pavement . No traffic because everyone is still in pajamas… except for me and the Acadia . I 'm not going to lie , I was doubting my driving ability if the Acadia decided to misbehave . AWD or not , this is still a 2-ton vehicle with a high center of gravity that I was about to rip through a wet twisty Texas Hill Country road with traction control turned off . I set it to sport mode before giving my seatbelt a few tugs to make sure it was tight . Pedal down .
This was a road full of tight turns with posted speed limits of 15 mph . I was barreling down them at over 50 mph with the Acadia doing most of the work . All I had to do was turn the wheel and keep my foot down to feel all four wheels grip through the turns as the Acadia laughed at the laws of physics . Body roll was minimal for such a large vehicle , and it never misbehaved even when I pushed it . The most I got was faint tire squeal when I made a U-turn at the end of the run . I am by no means a professional driver so the Acadia 's AWD sport mode is something special , worth mentioning because you would n't expect it from a vehicle like this .
THE WRAP
The 2017 GMC Acadia All-Terrain is a Renaissance vehicle ; you know , what Mona Lisa would have taken her kids in . It drives like a sedan on the street , carries stuff like a van , can tow like a pickup , and can tackle a curvy road like a performance GT . A base Acadia starts in the low $ 30 's with the All-Terrain and Denali taking it up to the 40 's and beyond . This one had a sticker of $ 48,000 , which might seem high – but when you consider that this SUV can do more than just haul people around the price begins to speak for itself . Until it does n't , which is why you have txGarage…
image credit : Screengrab from youtube / Durexperiments .
Food for thought :
The people behind Fundawear are launching We : eX . Also , check out their blog on new wearable technology that helps you “ navigate ”
—xxx—
When writing the book Memories with Maya – The Dirrogate , I was n't aware that similar tech was already being worked on by Durex Australia . The FUNDAWEAR experiment can be found on Facebook .
An excerpt from page 18 of Memories with Maya describes the experience well :
I transferred the call to the big screen .
There she was in all her raw beauty , life-sized , smiling .
“ Mmm mmm , ” she said .
I followed her eyes traveling down my body . Two soapy
puddles had formed on the polished parquet floorboards ,
one around my legs and another some inches in front . I
grinned . “ You like ? ”
“ Gim me now. ” Her voice came over the surround speakers . Almost as if she was in the room , whispering in my ear .
“ I thought you were Krish , ” I said , then realized how
weird it sounded .
“ Well , whatever gets your motor running ! ”
I stuck my tongue out at her . “ No , I mean he was supposed to call . ”
“ We better hurry , ” she said , slipping on the tight spandex triangle . I watched her hit the button on the waistband
and a blue LED lit up . Almost instantly the glove on my sidetable buzzed and moved . Not bad latency ! I picked up the
glove and wore it .
She smoothed a wrinkle in the panties with her bare
hand , and the haptic pads at the center of my glove came to
life . She smiled and sat on her chair , swiveling around to face
her camera . A better angle . I sank back on the couch , feeling
the cold leather on my skin . She liked being passive in the
first round , so I slid the switch on the glove from slave to
master . I moved my finger , relishing its silicon touch on me
as I ran slow circles around my sensitive skin . A second later ,
the image on the screen arched up in the chair , and her eyes
locked onto mine . She must have placed her camera right on
top of her monitor . The call was clear enough to see the rubbery spandex undulate . I watched as I created a camel-toe
masterpiece remotely .
The haptic pads did their thing and pressed into her
when I put pressure with the fingertips on myself .
Teledildonics was sci-fi only a few years ago , yet there we
were , pleasuring each other without physical contact . I
curled my fingers , forming a fist , sensing the pads of the
glove press against my skin and seeing the effect echoed in
the blue spandex triangle on-screen . Her eyes closed .
She was not looking at her screen anymore , only sitting
with her head thrown back , chin pointed at the ceiling . Her
legs were spread over the arms of the chair . I ran my hand up
and down in a slow rhythm , activating almost all those tiny
silicon nubs that covered the inner surface of that marvel of
Korean engineering .
I could n't resist buying it when I first saw it in a shop
window on a visit to Seoul . The center of the panties were a
shallow trough , the silicon tips no doubt extended to their
maximum . They were massaging her . There it was , her hot
overbite again . A few moments later , her eyes opened . There
were those thick lashes that I loved when she butterflies kissed
me all over . My hand was moving at a steady pace .
“ Stand . I wan na see you in full view , ” she said .
As I stood , she rolled her chair forward , coming closer to
the camera . Her lips and open mouth filled the screen in
front of me . Inch by inch , her tongue extended from her
mouth . I groaned . She must have heard it on her speakers…
she pushed back and watched , smiling in appreciation as another puddle appeared on my floor . I removed the glove and
collapsed on the couch .
“ Flattered ? ” I said , blowing her a kiss .
She blew one back . “ Is this how it 's going to be from now
on ? ”
“ I wish you were n't leaving , ” I said .
“ Long-distance never works out , Dan . How does this
end ? ”
“ It does n't have to . It worked out fine . Does it matter if
you 're across town or the other side of the world ? ”
“ It 's not the same . It 's not real . What happens if you meet
someone ? ” she asked .
“ I 'll be virtually faithful to you . ”
She lowered her head . I could have kicked myself…
I was right ! I was right !
If you can remember those innocent days of mid-January , before Obamacare was a nefarious liberal plot to pay lazy people to sit around and do nothing , the big problem with Obamacare was the Obamacare Bailout . This referred to “ risk corridors , ” a previously obscure provision in the law to balance out actuarial risk among health insurers in the exchanges , which conservatives called a “ bailout ” despite the fact that 1 ) A bailout is a specific kind of ex-post , ad hoc subsidy for failing firms , not any program that subsidies any company ; and 2 ) Risk corridors are n't even predicted to be a subsidy of any kind .
But now there is an ex-post , ad hoc plan to hand out cash to struggling health-care firms due to Obamacare . Republicans in Georgia and Mississippi are proposing to give some money to hospitals in their states that are facing huge losses due to Obamacare . Well , not exactly “ due to Obamacare. ” The federal government used to reimburse hospitals for some of the money they lost providing care to uninsured people who could n't pay them back . Obamacare negotiated a deal cutting those reimbursements , on the grounds that hospitals would be treating fewer uninsured patients ( and more paying customers . )
But then John Roberts rewrote the law to allow states to opt out of Medicaid expansion , and Republican-controlled states have eagerly jumped at this chance to deny coverage to their poorest citizens . Republicans in these states do n't consider this a problem . What is a problem is the hospitals , which are collateral damage . Hospitals are owned and operated by respectable , high-income non-moochers whose suffering Republicans are likely to take seriously . And hospitals in these red states are pretty seriously screwed , having lost federal funds they used to get for covering the uninsured , but not getting the anticipated decrease in uninsured because their Republican-controlled governments are boycotting Obamacare .
The hospitals are agitating for their states to take the almost completely free federal funds to cover the uninsured . Red-state Republicans do n't want to do that . They 'd rather just write checks to hospitals instead :
Georgia state Rep. Terry England , a senior Republican lawmaker tasked with drafting the budget , said he has discussed packages that could include payments to hospitals and run in the tens of millions of dollars … In November , Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant proposed sending an additional $ 4.4 million to make up for Medicaid cuts that were later delayed by Congress .
Bailouts are bad , but it beats giving health care to poor people .
by Chip Ainsworth
A standing-room perch at the finish line of tomorrow 's Kentucky Derby costs $ 1,400 . Upstairs seating in Millionaires Row and the Turf Club is $ 6,000 a person , and nosebleed seats in the third-floor grandstand are $ 650 . Trackside parking is $ 215 and custom-made mint juleps are $ 1,000 .
Such is the allure of being at Churchill Downs on the first Saturday in May . The turnstiles open Saturday morning at 8 a.m. , and the first race of the 10-race undercard should be off at 10:30 . By mid-afternoon the crowd will have grown to about 165,000 , most of whom will be studying their programs and counting down to the 6:24 p.m. post time when 20 horses will enter the starting gate . By then , railbirds will be raising their binoculars , and bettors from around the world will have wagered more than $ 110 million on the fastest two minutes in sports .
John Dobrydnio wo n't be in Louisville or Foxwoods or any of the OTB parlors . He 'll be with his wife , Paula , inside their New England home on Derby Day , a box of Kleenex at the ready for when the horses make their way from the paddock onto the track and the Louisville marching band plays “ My Old Kentucky Home . ”
“ They play that song and I get melancholy , ” said Dobrydnio , who 's as attached to horses as Tommy was to Lassie . “ I 've been around them since I was 20 . I 've owned them and raced them and bet them . ”
And he 's fed them , either personally or through the betting window , and now he wants some return on investment for his hours of researching the Derby entrants .
“ I 've watched as many of the reruns as I could , checked to see who 's overworked their horses , what horses can change leads . I do n't do Beyers ( speed figures ) , but I like speed . I 'm a big first quarter and first half guy . ”
Despite the headache-inducing analysis , Dobrydnio knows that finding the Derby winner is a crapshoot . “ I preach to everybody it 's the worst race in the world to bet . I always say it 's a sucker bet , but I 'll bet a dime here and a couple of $ 60 exacta boxes and if they hit , the payoffs are very generous . ”
For many , watching the Kentucky Derby is like going to church on Easter . It 's a once-a-year occasion . Consequently most put as much thought into picking the winner as they would a lottery ticket at the supermarket . Like a name ? Go with Daddy Long Legs . Like a color ? Hansen is pure white . Playing a number ? The 10-post has accounted for seven wins since 1970 . Today a 15-1 shot named Daddy Nose Best has that gate position .
Want a more sophisticated system ? The Dosage Index uses bloodlines to determine what horse is best bred to go 10 furlongs . This year 's pick is Creative Cause , a California invader that 's hit the board in all seven of its career starts .
Like a feel good story ? Bodemeister is named for trainer Bob Baffert 's youngest son , Bode . Last month in Hot Springs , jockey Mike Smith rode the bay colt to a 9½-length win in the Arkansas Derby , good enough to make him the 4-to-1 morning line favorite . The bugaboo is that Bodemeister was unraced as a 2-year-old and nary a steed since 1882 has won without at least one start as a sophomore . Forty-seven have tried , and 47 have failed .
“ One guy that 's a professional clocker claimed right off the bat Bosemeister is just unbelievable , ” said Dobrydnio , “ but they say that every year and it does n't work out . ”
The 9-to-2 second choice is a powerfully built colt named Union Rags . Favored by many in the futures pools , the East Coast colt won the Fountain of Youth at Gulfstream by four lengths but finished third in the Florida Derby after jockey Julien Leparoux got his colt tangled in on the rail . The winner was Take Charge Indy , ridden by three-time Derby champ Calvin Borel .
The proverbial fly in the ointment is a speedball named Trinniberg . A 50-1 long shot , the horse could involve front-runners like Bodemeister , Hansen , Union Rags , Take Charge Indy and Gemologist in an early speed duel that would burn them out and set the stage for a late closer like I 'll Have Another to pick up the pieces .
Trinniberg has never run past seven furlongs , but owner Shivananda Parbhoo said he 's betting $ 5,000 on his horse . “ I 'm here to win , ” he said .
The NBC Sports Network will provide live stakes coverage beginning at 11 a.m . The undercard will be televised , and time between races will be filled with trainer profiles and jockey stories like Robbie Albarado racing against a horse that had a live , wing-flapping chicken tied to the saddle , or how Calvin Borel 's nickname “ Boo , ” is short for “ Boo Boo , ” which his older siblings named him after their mother 's unexpected pregnancy .
Dobrydnio said that Wednesday 's post-position draw added much-needed clarity to the foggy equation . He whipped the hanky off his crystal ball and declared : “ I 'm using Dullahan and Take Charge Indy . And I 'm putting Bodemesiter in with the whole play . ( My wife ) Paula likes Gemologist . She does numbers , her own numbers . She 's a Racing Form girl and she loves his post ( 15 ) . He wo n't be involved in any of that mess down on the inside ( with Trinniberg ) . She does n't understand why he 's not the favorite . ”
Dobrydnio favors Dullahan because “ he can make a move that 's unbelievable . He 's a bull . He 'll crash right through these horses . He 's got all the strength in the world . ”
As for the two horses he 'll use in exactas , “ The only reason I 'm throwing Bodemeister in is I 'm not sure what this horse is . He 's run some monster races but he has n't beaten monsters . Take Charge Indy should be in a garden spot on the rail and Calvin Borel can certainly ride that rail . ”
“ I 'm not using Union Rags , ” said Dobrydnio . “ The more I watch him , the more I think he 's going to cause problems in this race . He 's a little fainthearted when he gets banged around . He 's breaking from the four hole , and he 's gon na get knocked around . ”
Dobrydnio 's seen enough races and torn up enough tickets to know his bets could go south in a hurry . “ All it takes is a little bump . ”
And that 's why he 'll be saving a few tissues from the Kleenex box .
Chip Ainsworth is an award-winning New England sports columnist .
Photo credit : kentucky-derby-2012.com
ANNANDALE , Va. ( MarketWatch ) -- Has the stock market already voted by absentee ballot in this November 's presidential race ?
It may very well be in the process of doing just that .
And a big clue as to how it is voting is provided by Thursday 's dismal stock market , in which the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.13 % fell by 345 points . For the still-young month of September , the Dow is now down 3.1 % .
This points to an increased likelihood that the Democrats will reclaim the presidency in November 's election .
The reason I can even attempt to draw these conclusions from the stock market 's recent behavior is an analysis conducted by Ned Davis Research , an institutional research firm based in Venice , Fla .
Specifically , the firm constructed two market averages out of how the Dow has performed in past presidential-election years ( back to 1900 , in fact ) . The first of these two benchmarks tracked the market 's average performance during years since then in which the incumbent political party eventually won the White House , while the other reflected average returns when the incumbent party lost .
Upon comparing these two benchmarks , as Ned Davis noted earlier this week , `` There does not seem to be a lot of difference in election years between those years where the incumbent party wins or loses , except in the month of September where the divergence is striking . ''
How big a divergence ?
During Septembers of years in which the incumbent party goes on to win the White House , the Dow has produced an average gain of 0.32 % . During Septembers in which the incumbent party lost , in contrast , the Dow has produced an average loss of 0.71 % .
That difference , which totals just over one percentage point , may not appear to be that big . But on an annualized basis it works out to around 13 % .
Good statistician that he is , Davis realizes that correlation is not the same as causation . One needs to couple the raw statistics with a plausible theory as to why the stock market would perform differently when the incumbent party wins the White House than when it loses . `` Perhaps it is the uncertainty over change , '' Davis speculates , `` or perhaps the stock market predicts or reflects the election results . ''
Another qualification that Davis emphasizes : `` The sample sizes are relatively small . '' So we ca n't be as confident in drawing any conclusions as we would if there were lots more data points .
Regardless , however , the stock market 's losses this week ca n't be good news for John McCain 's campaign .
Story highlights A newly declassified document acknowledges the CIA 's hand in ousting Mohammad Mossadegh
While this might be the CIA 's first formal nod , the U.S. role has long been known
The CIA used propaganda , along with other politicians and leaders in Iran , to unseat Mossadegh
Even 60 years removed , the 1953 coup still hangs over U.S.-Iran relations .
Sixty years after the overthrow of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh , a declassified CIA document acknowledges that the agency was involved in the 1953 coup .
The independent National Security Archive research institute , which published the document Monday , says the declassification is believed to mark the CIA 's first formal acknowledgment of its involvement .
The documents , declassified in 2011 and given to George Washington University research group under the Freedom of Information Act , come from the CIA 's internal history of Iran from the mid-1970s and paint a detailed picture of how the CIA worked to oust Mossadegh .
In a key line pointed out by Malcom Byrne , the editor who worked through the documents , the CIA spells out its involvement in the coup . `` The military coup that overthrew Mossadeq and his National Front cabinet was carried out under CIA direction as an act of U.S. foreign policy , conceived and approved at the highest levels of government , '' the document says , using a variation of the spelling of Mossadegh 's name .
While this might be the CIA 's first formal nod , the U.S. role has long been known .
President Barack Obama acknowledged the United States ' involvement in the coup during a 2009 speech in Cairo .
`` In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government , '' the president said .
In 2000 , then-U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright spoke of the intervention , and in the same year , the New York Times published what it said was a leaked 1954 CIA-written account of the overthrow .
Iranians elected Mossadegh prime minister in 1951 . Quickly , the leader moved to nationalize oil production in the country -- a move that would have been a serious blow to the United States and Britain and a win for the USSR .
Because of the failure of oil negotiations with Iran , along with a number of other issues , the United States was concerned `` that Iran was in real danger of falling behind the Iron Curtain . ''
`` If that happened , it would mean a victory for the Soviets in the Cold War and a major setback for the West in the Middle East , '' Donald N. Wilber , a principal planner of the mission , wrote within months of the overthrow . `` It was the aim of the TPAJAX project '' -- that was the mission 's code name -- `` to cause the fall of the Mossadeq government ; to reestablish the prestige and power of the Shah . ''
Shortly after Mossadegh 's election , the CIA began to plan his overthrow . The goal of the coup was to elevate the strength of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and appoint a new prime minister -- Gen. Fazlollah Zahedi .
Before the coup , the agency -- along with the British Secret Intelligence Service -- helped foment anti-Mossadegh fervor using propaganda , according to CIA documents . `` In Iran , CIA and SIS propaganda assets were to conduct an increasingly intensified effort through the press , handbills and the Tehran clergy in a campaign designed to weaken the Mossadeq government in any way possible , '' Wilber wrote .
On August 19 , 1953 , the coup swung into full effect as the CIA and British intelligence agency helped pull pro-Shah forces together and organized large protests against Mossadegh .
`` The Army very soon joined the pro-Shah movement and by noon that day it was clear that Tehran , as well as certain provincial areas , were controlled by pro-Shah street groups and Army units , '' Wilber wrote . `` By the end of 19 August ... members of the Mossadeq government were either in hiding or were incarcerated . ''
In order to provide Zahedi , the country 's new prime minister , with some stability , the `` CIA covertly made available $ 5,000,000 within two days of Zahedi 's assumptions of power . ''
After the coup , Mossadegh was sentenced to death , but the sentence was never carried out . The former leader died in Tehran in 1967 .
Even 60 years removed , the 1953 coup still hangs over U.S.-Iran relations .
Iranian politicians and religious leaders still use the coup as a way to foment anti-American sentiment . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Iranian president from 2005 until earlier this year , demanded apologies from the United States for `` crimes '' the CIA committed in Iran during the 1953 coup .
`` The issue is more than academic , '' wrote Byrne of George Washington University . `` Political partisans on all sides , including the Iranian government , regularly invoke the coup to argue whether Iran or foreign powers are primarily responsible for the country 's historical trajectory , whether the United States can be trusted to respect Iran 's sovereignty , or whether Washington needs to apologize for its prior interference before better relations can occur . ''
by Amy Booth , IRIN
`` This should be tremendous , deep . There should be karachi fish and silverside in here , '' says Abdon Choque Flores , pointing to a shoulder-high tidemark on the long road bridge that crosses the Desaguadero River in Bolivia 's drought-hit Oruro department .
High on the Andean plateau , the Desaguadero used to connect vast Lake Titicaca with smaller Lake Poopó . But the second lake dried up in late 2015 and there is now so little water in the river that the stretch beneath the bridge is completely dry .
Flores lives in nearby Puñaka , a community of Uru people who traditionally made their living on Lake Poopó , fishing and hunting water birds for their meat and eggs . Now , the village looks across an expansive , white plain that stretches as far as the eye can see .
With the Urus ' main source of food gone , along with the lake , many in the community have been forced to leave to find work in nearby towns . The government is providing those left behind with food aid , but it does n't come close to plugging the gap . Flores says they chew coca to suppress their appetite .
Lake Poopó was once Bolivia 's second largest lake , after Titicaca . Climate change has melted the Andean glaciers that fed the lake . Water from its tributaries has been diverted for mining and agriculture . But it was the country 's worst drought in 25 years that dried it up completely .
Rural emergency
The El Niño phenomenon brought severe weather including flooding and drought to many parts of Central and Southern America in 2015 and early 2016 , but most countries have started to recover . In Bolivia , however , the drought has worsened , causing the government to declare a nationwide state of emergency in November . Water is being rationed in large cities such as La Paz and El Alto , but it is remote rural populations that rely on fishing and agriculture for livelihoods that have been the hardest hit . The ministry of civil defence estimates that more than 177,000 families in rural areas have been affected .
Choque Flores ' family has a small greenhouse made from adobe walls and clear tarpaulin where they grow tomatoes for their own consumption . But the tomatoes are small and shrivelled , the vines half brown .
Beyond the garden wall is a small well , a little over a foot across and seven metres deep . The drought means the family must dig a well like this once a month to meet their water needs . `` We could use this water to water the tomatoes , but then there would be none left for us , '' said Choque Flores .
Even before the drought , Oruro department had high rates of poverty and food insecurity , according to Elisabeth Faure , the World Food Programme 's country director for Bolivia . `` It 's a remote area , at very high altitude , '' she told IRIN .
WFP launched an emergency operation to support 40,000 people in the department at the end of August , with the distribution of vouchers that families can exchange for food in local shops . Faure said there was a need to expand the operation to other parts of the country where the government is struggling to respond , but that there was `` a critical lack of funding '' due to high-profile emergencies in other parts of the world and Bolivia 's status as a lower middle-income country . `` [ For ] the emergency operation , there were no donors interested to support at all , '' said Faure , explaining that WFP has been relying on its core funding to cover the operation .
Mining interests
Bolivia 's varied climate and topography , and high levels of poverty make it particularly vulnerable to climatic disasters , which have become more frequent in the past decade . In addition to climate change , high levels of deforestation have affected rainfall patterns and the risk of flooding , while a mining boom in recent years has put pressure on aquifers—groundwater sources that are vital for both drinking supply and for agriculture . According to a 2014 report ( PDF ) by Cochabamba-based research institute CEDIB , the water-intensive mining sector uses 108 million litres of water per day , nearly four times more than the entire city of Oruro , which has a population of 265,000 .
Although mining companies are supposed to seek approval from the authorities before accessing water , unregulated extraction of groundwater is common . Many mines also fail to properly treat wastewater , contaminating water sources .
`` There is a gap at national level in terms of having an effective control , and having a census of companies which are illegally causing water shortages , '' said Rodrigo Meruvia Soria of Cochabamba-based environmental NGO , Fundación Gaia Pacha .
Marcela Olivera , Latin America coordinator at Food and Water Watch , said the government response so far indicated that it did n't want to tackle the issue of excessive water consumption by mining companies head-on because of the sector 's economic importance . `` They are putting a band-aid on it with solutions like looking for new sources of water , '' she said .
The government has responded to the crisis by drilling new wells and sending sacks of basic goods such as sugar and flour to families in the worst-hit areas . Soria said that in places like the Cochabamba town of Santivañez , where emergency food aid is being distributed , there has been no attempt to provide longer-term solutions to the problem . `` The families were n't given seeds or technical support , '' he said . `` It was an effective management of food distribution , but in terms of preparing for a disaster like this , it has been incomplete . ''
Given the availability of weather forecasting , Soria questioned why the government was n't better prepared . `` The El Niño prognosis was made two years ago , '' he said . `` The risk management has been very deficient on all levels : national , departmental , and municipal . ''
A lack of government investment in public water systems has contributed to the drought crisis , said Olivera . In cities such as Cochabamba , large amounts of water are lost to poorly maintained , leaky pipes while many rural areas have never had piped water systems and either rely on wells or rivers and streams—many of which are under threat of contamination by mining activities .
Driving across the chilly Altiplano Mountains from Puñaka to Poopó , a steady rain sets in , leaving a sheet of mirror-like water on either side of the road . Some welcome respite ? Perhaps , but it will take more than the odd shower to recover the lake that gave the Urus their way of life .
Additional research by Anna Pujol Mazzini
———
This story first appeared Dec. 12 on IRIN .
Photo : Abdon Choque Flores looks out on what remains of the Desaguadero River​ .
Credit : Amy Booth/IRIN
From our Daily Report :
Frog die-off ominous sign for Lake Titicaca
CounterVortex , Oct. 22 , 2016
Signs mount of grave Andean climate crisis
CounterVortex , Jan. 24 , 2016
See also :
CLIMATE CHANGE AND CREATIVE REVOLT
by Franklin Dmitryev , News & Letters
CounterVortex , August 2016
BOLIVIA 'S CONAMAQ INDIGENOUS MOVEMENT
by Pablo Peralta M. , Página Siete
CounterVortex , October 2014
ENVIRONMENTAL DISSONANCE
Global Warming and Bolivia 's Kallawaya Healers
by Dylan Harris , Upside Down World
CounterVortex , January 2013
—————————-
Reprinted by CounterVortex , Jan. 7 , 2017
This was a match that seemed to start grinding to a halt pretty much from kick-off as both teams congealed into a familiar reflection of their more notorious strengths and weaknesses . Arsenal were fluent but lacked a killer edge . Chelsea were full of guile and gristle . Towards the end of what was an absorbing enough room temperature 0-0 draw Arsenal 's fans sang : “ Boring , boring Chelsea , ” while the away corner responded : “ We are top of the league , ” producing between them a real life summary of the tediously irresolvable social media debate about style versus substance , icing on the cake versus medals on the table .
There were plenty of virtues on display . Arsenal might have snatched the game at the end . John Terry showed why he has been the most influential player in the Premier League this year . And Cesc Fàbregas left the pitch just before the end to loud boos , confirming over 89 minutes not only the exemplary grudge-holding capacity of English football fans , but also the Cesc‑flavoured deficiencies in at least one of these teams .
One thing can be put to bed after his much-trailed return to the Emirates . Arsenal have missed a few things this season but he is n't one of them .
There is surely no elite level Premier League player who offers such an uneven contribution . With 16 minutes gone at the Emirates , Fàbregas played the pass of the game , looking up and lifting the ball 40 yards down the inside left channel into the path of Oscar . His shot was dinked just wide of the onrushing David Ospina , who flattened the Brazilian while somehow failing to concede a penalty kick .
Either side of that , Fàbregas was simply himself , a player of great , gossamer gifts , a half-speed craftsman , and a midfielder who manages to be both pilot and passenger on the same flight . With six minutes gone , he was bypassed for the first time in central midfield , Alexis Sánchez and Aaron Ramsey funnelling the ball forward down the flank with Fàbregas a whirling Dalek in their wake . Ten minutes later he was brushed aside not once but twice on Arsenal 's left flank , before finally misplacing a pass to huge gleeful boos . An in-and-out opening 20 minutes ended with a booking for diving in the area , Fàbregas hanging his leg out hopefully as he passed Santi Cazorla but ending up tumbling over thin air .
If there were plenty of boos here , there has also been a recurrent suggestion that Arsène Wenger blundered by not bringing Fàbregas back . Albeit presumably only from those who have n't seen Arsenal play this season . If there 's one thing this team does n't need it is another physically lightweight passing midfielder . And yet even in a title-bound season there is a case to be made that Fàbregas is n't really the player Chelsea need either : a midfielder who for all his creative incision embodies Chelsea 's obvious missing quality , a lack of real drive and presence in the heart of the team .
When something more assertive was needed at Stamford Bridge against Paris Saint-Germain , Chelsea 's midfield was instead outrun and outfought by a team down to 10 men away from home . Too often Fàbregas has been invisible since the new year , or bypassed completely when Chelsea play on the break . Eight minutes before half-time here , Willian , Eden Hazard and Ramires constructed a lovely thrust down the left that led to the Brazilian almost prodding the ball past Ospina . At the time Fàbregas was 40 yards away , chugging gamely upfield like a three-legged dog .
On this evidence it is n't hard to see why Fàbregas 's peers did n't vote him into the Professional Footballers ' Association 's team of the year . A midfielder who will only pass the ball on , who has no burst of speed to offer another option is always easier to play against . And so he has become a containable high-class player , a kind of footballing Stephen Hawking , the trundling mega‑brain in need of a supporting entourage to wheel him into place .
There was a change for Fàbregas in the second half , Didier Drogba 's introduction in place of Oscar leaving Fàbregas in the No10 role and Chelsea with surely the most grandly immobile title-bound attack in Premier League history . But it was enough to see out the game with strength in reserve and bring the title a step closer . What happens next may be just as interesting .
José Mourinho , the arch-pragmatist , knows better than anyone the qualities of his players . Fàbregas has been good enough to provide a major push towards another domestic title . But you wonder how long before Mourinho concedes publicly that perhaps Barcelona were right – that at the higher level , as the fulcrum of a genuinely top class , Champions League-chasing team , Fàbregas is simply not mobile enough , not versatile enough , destined perhaps to spend the final third of his career as a Mozart of the elite second-rankers . Chelsea will take their title , to which Fàbregas has made a hugely effective contribution . But both will perhaps expect a little more next season .
Such is the power of the Internet that I can actually feel you wincing as you read that title .
So I 've had a play with the KDE 4.5 Live CD and thought I 'd share my first impressions , coloured by the fact that I 'm currently using the GNOME desktop environment on my installation of Linux Mint . There 's also an available version of Mint with KDE , but my understanding is that it 's the latest release of OpenSUSE that provides the most up-to-date KDE experience .
Ready ? Let 's do this…
Critical to any live CD is support for my WPA-encrypted home WiFi network . OpenSUSE did not disappoint .
A big selling point for KDE is Plasmoids — they 're similar to the desktop widgets available for OS X , but instead of being invoked through a hidden menu they live permanently on the desktop . For example , that desktop folder you see in the grab above is n't actually an open file manager window , but a Plasmoid .
So why does the bar along the bottom of the screen use the term “ Widgets ” instead of Plasmoids ? I think it 's because the Plasmoids are native to KDE , but there 's additional support for the likes of Google Gadgets and even the aforementioned OS X widgets .
This is the KMenu . Kindly note that :
You can “ tear ” it off of the bottom navigation bar with the “ Alt ” key . You can navigate both forwards and backwards through the many layers of menus and sub-menus . See that highlighted blue vertical bar on the left ? The KDE button in the top right corner of the menu that looks suspiciously like a web link is indeed just that . According to the second-last menu item , OpenSUSE comes with a pre-installed virtual machine ( ! )
Continuing with the KDE/OpenSUSE compatibility check , it looks like my wireless HP printer will work without issue .
Same goes for my NAS , via OpenSUSE 's built-in Samba client .
By the way , the folder icons are n't that huge by default — I resized them for the screen grab , and in so doing was fairly impressed by KDE 's snappiness in re-drawing windows .
And while system-wide emoticons may not constitute a killer feature , I think it 's kind of a cool touch .
Overall it seems the KDE has many more options for customization built-in , whereas with GNOME they 're available separately ( depending on your specific distro , of course ) . I 'm not knocking one over the other , but I am planning on giving OpenSUSE and KDE a trial run on my main box after I make my backups at the end of the month .
Or sooner if I ca n't stand the wait .
“ There goes mother hen , ” my friend jokes , as the hottest girl in the bar leads her group of friends by us .
She looks like Zooey Deschanel…with an edge . Long black hair , light blue eyes , and a devious smile . Beautiful , vicious , and enticing , all at the same time .
I have to meet her .
My friend starts a conversation with the girls beside us–they 're okay . As I play wingman , I glimpse at–let 's call her “ Zoe ” –from the corner of my eye .
When I see a beautiful girl at the bar , I do n't wait around .
Bonus : and learn the 5 conversation mistakes that put you in the friendzone .
“ I 'll be right back . Need to run to the bathroom , ” I fib to the okay girl . I have no plans to reengage this bland conversation .
I circle the bar and enter from the other side of the dance floor . There is Zoe , surrounded by her girlfriends .
“ This is my favorite song ! ” I shout , grinning , as Backstreet Boys music blasts from the speakers . I fucking love 90s night .
She laughs . I raise my glass to her group of friends and we cheers ' .
Sometimes you have an instant connection with a girl . You know you 're going to take her home before the night ends…if you have the balls to go for it , at least .
This is one of those times .
We dance , kiss , and joke for an hour , then we cool down by the bar .
“ You wan na get outta here ? ” I ask .
“ Sure , ” Zoe says .
…
We burst into her bedroom and…let 's just say we do n't go to sleep until 4am . You can fill in the details .
We lay there , exhausted , in the dim hours of the early morning . It 's one of those memorable nights . Crazy , amazing , fulfilling–just everything you want from an adventurous night out .
She falls asleep in my arms .
…
As we awake , I look over , and Zoe is still gorgeous . Yup , still looks weirdly identical to Zooey Deschanel .
I drop her off at work and kiss her goodbye . “ Let 's hang out next week . I 'll text you , ” I exclaim .
“ Yeah for sure , I had a great time , ” she says , and walks off .
I drive home , feeling content , with memories of the previous night swirling through my head .
…
I text her later that day . “ Hey girl . Had a great time hanging out/jamming to Backstreet Boys with you . Have a good day at work . ”
No answer .
Throughout the day , I worry . “ What did I do wrong ? ” I ask myself . Thoughts like , “ Am I not good enough ? ” even cross my mind . I have a feeling she wo n't answer .
And that 's when it hits me…
Something feels complete with this girl . Not in a soul-mate sort of way , not at all . When I say complete , I mean , that 's all there needs to be . I had this feeling throughout the night , but ignored it . One night of crazy sex ( whoops , cats out of the bag ) and a fun connection . That one memory . That 's all there needs to be , and nothing more .
I do n't care if I see this girl again . Yes , she is cool . Yes , she is sexy .
But I realize this : I do n't actually like her . I like the idea of her .
I 'm more concerned with the validation she 'd give me than actually hanging out again .
The sex is good , but the connection is n't as deep as with other girls . I 'm just overthinking it because of her hotness . I catch myself in scarcity mode .
I have a rule when it comes to everything in my life . It 's either FUCK YES , or no . And she is not a “ Fuck YES ” . No . More like an “ Ehh . Pretty good. ” She probably feels the same way .
Sometimes it 's only supposed to last a night , and that 's cool .
Those nights are great . I 'll be real with you– If I had an opportunity for another night like this with Zoe , I 'd take it in a heartbeat . But it 's not going to happen , and I 'm cool with that too . Because there are plenty of other girls who are a “ Fuck YES . ”
…
So , do you like her ? Or just the idea of her ?
It 's easy to confuse the two . But there 's a BIG difference .
If you actually like her , you fight for her . When asked how you feel about her , you know immediately . You feel it in your gut . Butterflies for days .
If you like the idea of her , you do n't get as excited about hanging out with her . You like the validation she provides . You enjoy the thought of having her as a “ back up , ” in case you do n't find a better girl that night . The idea of bringing her along because she 's hot , and it 'll make you look good .
If you like the idea of her , you might sacrifice your values to stay with her .
If you like the idea of her , you endure a stale relationship even though the connection has faded .
And you do a disservice to both you and her .
So step back and ask yourself this question the next time you 're confused about a girl . Because , more often than not , you like the idea of her more than you like the girl herself .
And if that 's the case , it 's time to let her go .
A Chicago judge has reportedly frozen all US-based assets controlled by Mark Karpeles , the CEO of the now defunct bitcoin exchange Mt . Gox .
US District Judge Gary Feinerman made the decision to freeze Karpeles ' assets , along with assets belonging to companies tied to both Mt . Gox and Karpeles , according to the Wall Street Journal . The order is temporary , but the assets will remain frozen for at least two weeks .
This move does n't appear to be directly related to the exchange 's Chapter 15 bankruptcy proceedings . It is , in fact , the result of a prior lawsuit filed against Karpeles by Mt . Gox customers seeking compensation . It is not yet a class action , but it might soon become one .
As reported yesterday , Chapter 15 bankruptcy will not stop the case from moving forward and the asset freeze proves it is going ahead .
Will the asset freeze help customers ?
Courts impose asset freezes in situations like this to secure plaintiffs and make sure the defendants do n't funnel money elsewhere . However , in this particular case it probably wo n't go a long way toward reassuring customers , as Karpeles ' holdings in the US appear to be limited .
In court , lawyers for exchange customers alleged that Karpeles is moving funds which are claimed lost by Mt . Gox . One of the attorneys involved in the case , Jay Edelson , argued that every day the customers wait there will be “ less and less money ” . Christopher Dore , another Edelson attorney , said :
“ The main thing we hope to achieve is to finally see what the web of things that Karpeles has put together over the last few years and to start unwinding it as to where things are and what happened . ”
The asset freeze targets bank accounts used by Mt . Gox and Karpeles , as well as servers located in the US . However , even the judge admitted there might be no assets to freeze . “ It may turn out there are no such assets , ” Feinerman said .
More questions than answers
Judge Feinerman has scheduled a status conference for 20th March . Lead plantiff 's lawyer Jay Edelson said he is looking to question Karpeles under oath immediately , Bloomberg reports .
“ We can finally get some real answers , ” Edelson said .
Attorney Steven Woodrow believes the court order could freeze between $ 2.1m and $ 5m in assets controlled by Karpeles . In its Chapter 15 filing Mt . Gox claimed to have approximately $ 63.9m in liabilities and $ 37.7m in assets .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Commentaries by two of China 's most influential news outlets suggesting that the country 's air pollution crisis was not without a silver lining drew a withering reaction on Tuesday from internet users and other media .
A man wears a mask while walking on a bridge during a hazy day in Shanghai 's financial district of Pudong December 5 , 2013 . REUTERS/Aly Song
In online commentaries on Monday , state broadcaster CCTV and the widely read tabloid the Global Times , published by the Communist Party 's official People 's Daily , both tried to put a positive spin on China 's smog problem .
The Global Times said smog could be useful in military situations , as it could hinder the use of guided missiles , while CCTV listed five “ unforeseen rewards ” for smog , including helping Chinese people 's sense of humor .
While both pieces have since been deleted from their websites , Chinese newspapers lost little time in denouncing their point of view , in an unusual case of state media criticizing other state media , showing the scale of the anger .
“ Is the smog supposed to lift if we laugh about it ? ” wrote the Beijing Business Today , published by the city government 's official Beijing Daily . “ Smog affects our breathing . We hope it does not affect our thinking . ”
The Dongguan Times , from a heavily industrial city close to the border with Hong Kong , said CCTV 's comments were so bizarre people did not know “ whether to laugh or cry ” .
“ There 's nothing funny about the health dangers of smog , ” it wrote .
Even the main Xinhua news agency - which had initially picked up CCTV 's commentary - weighed in , writing on one of its official microblogs late on Monday that it was “ totally inappropriate ” to make fun of air pollution .
Air quality in cities is of increasing concern to China 's stability-obsessed leaders , anxious to douse potential unrest as a more affluent urban population turns against a growth-at-all-costs economic model that has poisoned much of the country 's air , water and soil .
The top U.S. environmental regulator , on a visit to Beijing , said that China was trying to deal with the same sort of problems the United States once faced .
“ We have to acknowledge that significant pollution challenges are being faced today in China , ” Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy told students at Tsinghua University . “ The thing is , not too long ago , the U.S. faced similar challenges . ”
She made no concrete suggestions for sharing technology as her Chinese counterpart , Ministry for Environmental Protection head Zhou Shengxian , had urged on Monday .
Large parts of eastern China , including the country 's prosperous and cosmopolitan commercial capital Shanghai , have been covered in a thick pall of smog over the past week or so , though Beijing 's normally filthy air has been relatively clear .
Users of Sina Weibo , China 's answer to Twitter , also vented their outrage over the CCTV and Global Times ' comments .
“ The smog crisis covering large parts of China has revealed the failure of the government 's development strategy of only going after GDP ( growth ) . CCTV is shameless in trying to cover up for their masters , ” wrote Wu Bihu , a professor at the elite Peking University .
“ The Global Times thinks that pollution will cause missiles to miss their targets ... How shameful ! So that 's what all this smog has really been about . People had thought it was just bad pollution ... , ” state television in the eastern province of Shandong wrote on one of its microblogs .
AP Images
The 2012 quarterback draft class is extremely good .
How good ? Well , it 's too early to start comparing them to a 1983 group that contained John Elway , Jim Kelly , Dan Marino and Ken O'Brien , but let 's put it this way : Russell Wilson has posted back-to-back 100-plus passer ratings and led the Seattle Seahawks to a Super Bowl victory as a sophomore , and yet it 's not unreasonable to believe that he might only become the fifth-best quarterback to stem from the 2012 draft .
Wilson might always have to fight with that draft 's top two selections , Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III , especially if RGIII is able to regain what he lacked while recovering from a major knee injury last year . And another top-10 pick , Ryan Tannehill , is still a factor .
But it 's a fellow third-round selection who is giving Wilson the strongest run for his money right now , because Nick Foles of the Philadelphia Eagles is coming off one of the most impressive statistical seasons in NFL history . Out of nowhere , the former No . 88 overall pick out of Arizona led the league in 2013 with a 119.2 passer rating while posting the most lopsided touchdown-to-interception ratio in league history ( 27-to-2 ) .
In this fantasy football-oriented era , those individual stats are quite valuable . But Foles has yet to win a playoff game , let alone a Super Bowl , and this will mark the first season in which he 's been a starter from Week 1 .
Wilson , on the other hand , just became the third-youngest Super Bowl-winning quarterback in history . The man already has four playoff victories and a 102.0 passer rating in postseason games . It 's a team sport , but quarterback is the most important position on the field , and the 25-year-old has simply gotten it done .
Nick Foles vs. Russell Wilson , career rate-based stats Comp. % TD-INT YPA Rating Foles 62.5 33-7 7.9 101.0 Wilson 63.6 53-19 8.1 100.6 Pro Football Reference
Which leads to the question : Who would you rather have ? Foles has accomplished more individually , but within a smaller sample size and with one hell of a supporting cast ( Chip Kelly , DeSean Jackson , LeSean McCoy , Riley Cooper and one of the game 's best offensive lines ) . But Wilson has led his team to much higher plains while still putting up superb personal numbers over a longer period of time .
Foles vs. Wilson : Quantifying their support , 2013 Philly Seattle Yards/rushing attempt 5.1 4.3 Pro Bowlers on offense 4 2 Points allowed on defense 23.9 14.4 Pro Football Reference
On a recent appearance on 97.5 The Fanatic in Philly , current ESPN analyst and former Eagles quarterback Ron Jaworski made it clear that , in his opinion , Foles is the significantly better pivot .
`` I 'm taking Foles , '' Jaworski said when asked to pick between the two 2012 third-round picks ( h/t Pro Football Talk 's Mike Florio ) . `` Not even close . Russell Wilson is just ... because of that system he is in . Russell Wilson plays with that defense , the best in football . He just managed the game very well . I think Russell Wilson has played terrific , a great maturity , but I 'm going to take Nick Foles . ''
There is evidence in support of the idea that Foles has taken charge a little bit more than Wilson . Seattle 's defense has indeed been better than Philadelphia 's , and although Wilson does n't have the same receiving corps or offensive line , that Marshawn Lynch-led running game is still probably the centerpiece of the Seattle offense .
As a result , while Foles averaged a league-high 9.1 yards per pass attempt last season , Wilson ranked fifth in the league at 8.2 . Both numbers are strong , but again , it 's the type of gap that supports Jaworski 's claim .
On the other hand , Wilson was actually the league 's most accurate passer last season on throws that traveled 20 yards or more , according to Pro Football Focus ( subscription required ) .
Most accurate passers on deep throws , 2013 Quarterback Accuracy % 1 . Russell Wilson 48.3 2 . Peyton Manning 48.2 3 . Mike Glennon ( seriously ) 46.7 Pro Football Focus
Foles , however , also fared well on those passes , what with his 14-1 touchdown-to-interception ratio and all .
Best TD-to-INT ratios on deep throws , 2013 Quarterback TD-to-INT ratio 1 . Nick Foles 14-1 2 . Drew Brees 15-2 3 . Tony Romo 8-1 Pro Football Focus
It 's funny , too , because the two 25-year-olds share a lot of traits . I watched every snap Foles took last season ( more than once ) and can tell you that he needs to become more aware in the pocket while making better decisions under pressure . But that 's Wilson 's biggest problem as well . They both finished in the bottom 12 in the NFL in terms of sack percentage , and neither made the top eight in terms of completion percentage while under pressure .
In fact , according to PFF , no two qualifying quarterbacks spent more time lingering in the pocket last season than Foles and Wilson . So we 'll call that a wash .
Longest time to throw , 2013 Quarterback Avg . time to attempt Nick Foles 2.88 Russell Wilson 2.82 Mike Glennon 2.81 Pro Football Focus
Further , if we want to look at what each quarterback brought to the table in big moments , it would n't be fair to hold Wilson 's so-so stats in the fourth quarter of one-score games against him simply because Foles ' sample size is too small . The Eagles just were n't involved in very many close games last season .
Fourth quarter , one-score games , 2013 Pass attempts Comp. % TD-INT YPA Rating Foles 14 57.1 3-0 12.6 141.4 Wilson 50 60.0 3-5 8.9 69.5 Pro Football Reference
That sample size is a major factor . As Florio points out , Foles had a chance to creep up on the league in 2013 . He 's never been a starter entering a season , which might have given him a chance to surprise defenses last year .
Wrote Florio :
Wilson also has shown that he can continue to perform at a high level even after opposing defenses have had seven months to break down everything he did in his first season of action . Foles will have to do the same thing in 2014 before there 's even a fair debate as to whether he 's in the same conversation as Russell Wilson .
And Kelly 's high-powered , uptempo system certainly helped when that entire unit shocked the league last season ( Jackson , Cooper , McCoy and Jason Kelce also had career years , which ca n't merely be coincidence ) .
That—and that thing about never having done it for a full season—is what another former Eagles quarterback , Donovan McNabb , had in mind when he shared his doubts about Foles ' chances of putting together an out-of-this-world third season .
McNabb said earlier this week on Fox Sports 1 , per ESPN.com 's Andy Jasner :
I 'm just a little worried if he can do it for a full season . I 'm just worried about that aspect , not so much of his health , but can you be consistent like what we saw last year ? We 've seen so many quarterbacks give us one year of greatness and then all of a sudden they ca n't live up to the expectations . I 'm not saying he ca n't do that in that offense , but I think expectations are a little bit too high for Nick Foles .
So before concluding that Foles is better than Wilson , who is much more than just a game manager , we 'll have to see his attempt at an encore performance in 2014 .
No , he does n't have to break records again while posting one of the three highest passer ratings in NFL history . Even Foles himself has admitted—via this story from Zach Berman of The Philadelphia Inquirer—that those 2013 numbers might not be sustainable . But if he ca n't help get the Eagles closer to the Super Bowl than they 've been since they last won a playoff game in 2008 , comparisons like these will continue to be tough for him to win .
Brad Gagnon has covered the NFC East for Bleacher Report since 2012 .
Follow @ Brad_Gagnon
LESS than a month ago , teenage trainee telecommunications electrician Cory Denniss would not have even registered a bleep on the Nathan Brown selection radar .
But injuries to three outside backs including regular winger Akuila Uate and the Newcastle coach 's decision to dump fullback Jaelen Feeney after two shaky performances in the top grade has seen Brown forced to dig deep for reinforcements .
He dug up Denniss , an 18 year old Lakes United local junior who has come through the Knights junior system and has n't put a foot wrong in two appearances in the centres for the club 's Holden Cup side this season .
Is he ready ? Possibly not . But Brown insists he is not putting a player out there who we wo n't be talking about in 12 months ' time .
“ He 's a great young kid who I 'm confident will handle himself , ” Brown said .
“ Ideally , you 'd probably like to hold him back a bit longer but with three outside backs injured , we are not quite deep enough . We do n't have that luxury .
“ We looked at a couple of young blokes to come up into the top grade but to be honest , Cory was the standout choice and he reaffirmed that to us with the way he has trained .
“ He has a good natural feel and grasp of the game , he 's 190 cms and weighs 94 kgs and we do n't have too many of those types of backs .
“ This time next year , he 'll be 100 plus kgs and I reckon you 'll be writing plenty about him . Put it this way , he has not been selected to just fill a hole . ”
Denniss will become the sixth NRL debutant under Brown in just three games this season with Feeney , Jacob and Daniel Saifiti and David Bhana all blooded for the first time in round one .
The experiment of playing Fenney at fullback however has lasted just two games with the former halfback paying the price for several errors at the back in the past two weeks .
Queensland Origin star Dane Gagai will be switched from centre to fullback where he spent some time last season with Sione Mata'utia set to play his first NRL game of the season partnering his brother Pat in the centres .
“ He 's a confident kid so I 'm sure Jaelen will be back , ” Brown said .
“ He 's probably just had a few too many errors in his first couple of games and it gives us an opportunity to have a look at Gags ( Gagai ) at fullback to see what he can give us . ”
Developers of MediaGoblin , a free distributed media publishing platform , started raising funds to complete various important milestones in the project .
The general idea behind MediaGoblin is that centralized media publishing services are less secure . prone to single point of failure , and often force unreasonable user agreements . So MediaGoblin attempts to fix it by providing means to create your own YouTube , Soundcloud , Flickr etc. , all in one package .
This year developers are aiming to raise $ 35K to implement federation , complete and release v1.0 , and implement podcasting feeds . There are a number of stretch goals that include advanced privacy options , easier deployment etc .
You can get a modern web browser that can play this video at Sorry , this video will not work because your web browser does not support HTML5 video.You can get a modern web browser that can play this video at http : //getfirefox.com
Watch the video above : Sean Mallen explains why Toronto may once again dominate the list of Ontario 's worst roads .
TORONTO – CAA South Central Ontario ( CAA SCO ) has launched its annual Worst Roads campaign .
Over the course of the next four weeks , Ontarians can vote online for the roads most in need of repair or redesign .
“ One of the objectives of this campaign is to encourage governments to spend the money , plan for the maintenance of our roads , ” said Faye Lyons of CAA South Central Ontario during a press conference Tuesday .
Road safety advocates say municipalities across the province need a dedicated fund to help them plan and forecast road maintenance and repair .
“ If the senior levels of government were to dedicate a percentage of the gas tax back to municipalities , I think they 'd have the better ability to plan for it , ” Lyons said .
The provincial excise tax currently stands at 14.7 cents on every litre of gas and diesel sold in Ontario which generated approximately $ 3.1 billion in 2012-2013 .
The Ontario Road Builders ' Association , who has partnered up with the CAA SCO on the campaign , says the harsh winter this season has caused more damage than usual .
“ A number of different factors , not to mention the winter conditions , but also the fluctuating temperatures that have played a huge contributing factor into the increase of potholes that we are seeing in the roads , ” said Ashley DeSousa , Director of Government Relations at the Ontario Road Builders ' Association .
In 2013 , Toronto 's Dufferin Street was voted the worst road in Ontario for two years in a row .
Since the CAA 's Worst Roads List was created , Dufferin Street has been nominated seven times while Steeles Avenue has earned eight tallies .
Ontario 's Top 10 Worst Roads in 2013 :
1 . Dufferin Street ( Toronto )
2 . Burlington Street East ( Hamilton )
3 . Finch Avenue West ( Toronto )
4 . Kraft Creek Road ( Timmins )
5 . Bayview Avenue ( Toronto )
6 . Lawrence Avenue East ( Toronto )
7 . Wharncliffe Road South ( London )
8 . Bouvier Road ( Clarence-Rockland )
9 . Carling Avenue ( Ottawa )
10 . Stanley Avenue ( Niagara Falls )
Compatible with iOS 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 .
Welcome to DeLe : PopUp Shortcuts and Configurable send delay for SMS and iMessage !
Ever hit that Send button and wanted to quickly undo , cancel , and/or edit the message before it 's too late ?
Then DeLe is just the cydia tweak you 're looking for !
DeLe comes with the following features to improve your texting experience :
- Send Delay : Set a custom 1-10 second ( s ) delay to give you a chance to undo tapping that Send button and edit your message .
- Message Tools popup : As you type a unobtrusive little popup menu resembling Apple 's stock text editing menu appears right above your send button .
- [ Airplane Icon ] : Quickly send your message confirming delivery without using the preset delay .
- [ Trashcan Icon ] : Catch your message before it is sent and erase it completely before the delay timer runs out .
- [ Clipboard Icon ] : Quickly copy whatever is composed in the text box to your clipboard to paste and edit elsewhere without highlighting and selecting all .
- [ Scissors Icon ] : Quickly cut and save whatever you 've typed to your clipboard . The text box will then be cleared and your SMS will no longer be sent . Great way to stop a message in its tracks to review later .
- [ Keyboard Icon ] : On first tap the keyboard will be lowered to give your conversation view more real estate . Tap a second time and the keyboard will be removed completely allowing you to read your conversation in full screen .
See larger Screenshots below ..
Most experimental research projects are executed with a combination of purchased hardware equipment , which may be modified in the laboratory and custom single-built equipment fabricated inhouse . However , the computer software that helps design and execute experiments and analyze data has an additional source : It can also be free and open-source software ( FOSS ) ( 1 ) . FOSS has the advantage that the code is openly available for modification and is also often free of charge . In the past , customizing software has been much easier than custom-building equipment , which often can be quite costly because fabrication requires the skills of machinists , glassblowers , technicians , or outside suppliers . However , the open-source paradigm is now enabling creation of open-source scientific hardware by combining three-dimensional ( 3D ) printing with open-source microcontrollers running on FOSS . These developments are illustrated below by several examples of equipment fabrication that can better meet particular specifications at substantially lower overall costs .
Factory for one . A parametric ( easily customized ) filter-wheel holder is shown in the OpenSCAD program on the monitor ( left ) , with the completed inside of the Arduino-controlled automated filter wheel ( center ) . An Arduino-controlled RepRap 3D printer ( right ) is printing out a component of a case design . All of the hardware and software for both the filter wheel and the RepRap are open source .
The FOSS movement emerged as a decentralized , participatory , and transparent system to develop software , in contrast to commercial software , which tends to be written anticipating user needs and does not allow modifications to the code , which is often proprietary ( 2 ) . Although FOSS is a collaborative effort driven by user demands , this decentralized innovation process is still efficient and has been implemented in areas such as nanotechnology ( 3 ) and medicine ( 4 ) , and the open and collaborative principles of FOSS have been readily transferred to hardware ( 5 ) . A key enabling open-source hardware project is the Arduino electronic prototyping platform ( 6–8 ) . The $ 20 to $ 30 Arduino is a versatile yet easy-to-learn microcontroller that can run a number of associated scientific instruments , including Arduino Geiger ( radiation detector ) , pHduino ( pH meter ) , Xoscillo ( oscilloscope ) , and OpenPCR ( DNA analysis ) . However , Arduino 's most impressive enabling application is 3D printing . Open-source 3D printers can perform additive-layer manufacturing with polymers , ceramics , and metals . Such approaches have been popular in microfluidic lab-on-a-chip architectures , where flow paths are created layer by layer , but are adaptable to a much wider array of devices .
The most popular fabrication tool is the RepRap , named because it is a partially self-replicating rapid prototyping machine . Currently , the < $ 1000 RepRap can fabricate about 50 % of its own parts from acrylonitrile butyl styrene or polylactic acid polymers with no postprocessing and a 0.1-mm spatial precision . This ability for self-replication has resulted in an explosion of both RepRap users and evolutionary design improvements ( 9 ) . Scientists with access to RepRaps have found many examples where it is less expensive to design and print research tools rather than buy them . A number of simple designs are flourishing in Thingiverse , a free and open repository for digital designs of physical objects ( 10 ) . These include single-component prints such as vial racks ( thing:25080 ) , Buchner funnels ( thing:25188 ) , and microtiter plates ( thing:11621 ) . 3D printers have also been used to print custom chemical reactionware ( 11 ) . For example , 3D printers can be outfitted with syringes to print with materials like acetoxysilicone to quickly make reactionware capable of in situ spectroelectrochemistry or easily alter reactor architecture to gauge the effects on chemical synthesis ( 11 ) .
The 3D printers can also be coupled with existing hardware tools such as the portable cell lysis device for DNA extraction ( thing:18289 ) , a 3D printable adapter that converts a Craftsman automatic hammer into a bead grinder for use with DNA extraction , or the DremelFuge chuck ( thing:1483 ) , a printable rotor for centrifuging standard microcentrifuge tubes and miniprep columns . These combination devices can radically reduce research costs . For example , the DremelFuge can be used in the laboratory or the field as an inexpensive centrifuge demonstrated to be effective up to 33,000 rpm or 52,000g . The price is ∼ $ 50—primarily for the Dremel drill—compared with commercial centrifuge systems , which cost a few hundred dollars ( 12 ) .
The most aggressive research savings can come from coupling Arduinos with 3D printers to make full open-source scientific hardware . Consider the Arduino-controlled open-source orbital shaker ( thing:5045 ) used for mammalian cell and tissue culture and bench-top science . The < $ 200 open-source orbital shaker fits inside a standard 37°C/5 % CO 2 cell incubator and replaces commercial versions that start at more than $ 1000 . As the scientific tools that are open sourced gain complexity , the cost differential becomes even more substantial . For example , it is now possible to make a < $ 50 customizable automated filter wheel ( thing:26553 ) that replaces $ 2500 commercial versions .
For any given project , there may still be drawbacks to open-source 3D digital fabrication versus buying . Open-source scientific hardware is still at an early stage of the evolutionary process . Today , most major equipment is too complex to build in this manner ( e.g. , an entire nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometer versus a sample holder for one ) or requires specialized materials that need to be fabricated in dedicated systems ( e.g. , ultrahigh vacuum semiconductor deposition ) . Commercial equipment may have longer lifetimes and , for instrumentation , may have better statistical validation of calibrations . If a new design is needed , it may often prove faster to buy than build . However , as more designs are shared , the level of complexity of open-source scientific hardware will expand rapidly . Not only can the scientific community enjoy immediate cost reductions by building and sharing but also , as with software , the costs of commercial versions will decrease because of price competition . We are on the verge of an era where low-cost , but highly sophisticated , scientific equipment can be put into the hands of the public and amateur scientists everywhere , while driving down the costs of research tools at our most prestigious laboratories ( 12 ) .
Despite hits like Gladiator and Shrek , DreamWorks is
a long way from bottom-line profits . When will Paul Allen get his first
dividend check ?
Jeffrey Katzenberg is playing show-and-tell . Bounding from room to room in the House That Hype Built , part of a 14-acre complex that was erected as a base for DreamWorks animation five years ago , he unveils quick glimpses of an ambitious slate of movies . Sinbad : Legend of the Seven Seas , a swords-and-sorcery adventure due this spring , stars the voices of Brad Pitt and Catherine Zeta-Jones '' the most compelling , kick-ass female lead of an animated movie , ever , '' he gushes .
Next : the sequel to Shrek , DreamWorks ' monster hit about a grumpy green ogre , set for next year . Then will come Sharkslayer , an underwater mob movie populated by tough-talking fish ; Madagascar , about New York City zoo animals shipwrecked off Africa ; and Over the Hedge , in which cute critters come to grips with suburban humans . After three hours of selling , the wiry 52-year-old cartoon king with the ramrod posture is still in motion but out of time . DreamWorks has a dozen other animated projects in the works , but he 'll have to show them off another day . `` Is your brain fried yet ? '' he asks his visitors , beaming .
It is an exhausting lineup , especially for a still-slight company that was conceived as a boutique and founded , eight long years ago , largely on faith and other people 's money . Since 1995 DreamWorks , formed by Disney alum Katzenberg and his two more famous partners , film director Steven Spielberg and self-made music billionaire David Geffen , has made all of 44 movies . In a business where film libraries are a treasure to be diced and digitized and resold again and again , that is what a big studio cranks out in two years . Though DreamWorks has had 59 Academy Award nominations and won the Best Picture Oscar in three of the past four years , it has n't yet built long-lived , James Bond-style franchises that can spawn sequel after sequel . Nor does it own its own production lot . And high hopes for TV shows and videogames have faded , and its music business is an uneven success .
Result : DreamWorks , whose equity was valued at $ 2.7 billion before it even opened its doors , probably is worth all of $ 3 billion after eight years of businessand that 's Geffen 's own optimistic valuation . Not much of a return . If it 's any consolation , Disney has done worse during that time , and Vivendi , which wound up with the music business Geffen sold 12 years ago , is a disaster .
Katzenberg wants moreto build this boutique into a giant on equal footing with Disney , Warner and Paramount . Armed with $ 1.5 billion in new financing , he and his cofounders are pumping more than $ 300 million into the movie business . By next year DreamWorks is supposed to raise its annual output from one cartoon to two or three and from eight or so live-action films to a dozen . Katzenberg 's dream : at least $ 300 million of operating profit on $ 3 billion of revenue by 2005 .
At that time DreamWorks will face a turning point . In three years its biggest backer , Paul Allen , can begin cashing out some of his $ 670 million equity investment ( he 's entitled to the first $ 670 million of distributions and/or liquidation payments plus 24.5 % of any money beyond $ 1 billion ) . Some of its 1,000 shareholding employees will be looking for a way to convert toil and sweat into cold cash ; and Katzenberg , aiming to boost DreamWorks ' puny library , may need new currency to bankroll a buy of beaten-down entertainment assets . A public offering would seem inevitable , but the three partners insist they are n't interested and say DreamWorks wo n't get acquired . `` We did n't form this company to sell it , '' Steven Spielberg says . But something will have to give .
`` There is going to be opportunity , '' Katzenberg says . `` I ca n't tell you what the opportunity is . I just know it will be there . ''
DreamWorks already has tried a few deals on for size . In 2001 Katzenberg and Geffen talked with ailing music giant EMI about a merger . The deal collapsed when the two sides could n't agree on how to value the two companies . DreamWorks also has flirted with Kirk Kerkorian 's MGM studio . Wall Street likes the idea of merging DreamWorks with Vivendi 's entertainment business , although Katzenberg dismisses it for now .
The comedian facing trial over a 2004 encounter at his home with a then Temple University employee who says she was drugged and sexually assaulted
A Pennsylvania appeals court has rejected Bill Cosby 's attempt to throw out his criminal case because of what he called a decade-old deal not to prosecute him .
The mid-level state superior court ruled Monday that the criminal sex assault case against Cosby can proceed , prompting the district attorney to press for a preliminary hearing date .
Cosby , 78 , is facing trial over a 2004 encounter at his home with a then Temple University employee who says she was drugged and molested by the comedian . Cosby says they engaged in consensual sex acts .
Former prosecutor Bruce Castor has said he promised he would never prosecute Cosby and urged him to testify in the woman 's 2005 civil lawsuit . The release of that testimony last year led a new prosecutor to arrest him .
The Bill Cosby sexual abuse claims – 57 women and the dates they went public Read more
In the lengthy deposition , the long married Cosby acknowledged a series of affairs and said he had gotten quaaludes to give to women he hoped to seduce .
Cosby has not yet entered a plea in the criminal case , and remains free on $ 1m bail posted after his 30 December arrest .
“ We [ are ] look [ ing ] forward to the court setting a date so we can present our case , ” said Kevin Steele , Montgomery County 's district attorney , in a statement .
Cosby 's lawyers were considering whether to respond to Monday 's ruling , a spokesman said . He could potentially appeal again to the state supreme court , but it 's unclear if that would delay the case .
“ He may do that , but the critical question will be whether the supreme court will give him a stay during the review , ” said David Rudovsky , a University of Pennsylvania law professor .
Cosby is meanwhile locked in a number of legal battles around the country with women who accuse him of sexual assault or defamation .
He has countersued some of them , including the Pennsylvania accuser . His lawsuit accuses her of breach of contract for talking to police who reopened the case last year , given the confidential settlement of the lawsuit she filed against him after Castor turned down the case .
Castor re-emerged in the case last fall as a key defense witness who said he had made a deal that Cosby would never be charged . Castor last year was running to return to the district attorney 's office . He was defeated by Steele .
Cosby acknowledged in the deposition that he gave the Temple ex-employee , Andrea Constand , the cold and allergy medicine Benadryl before engaging in sex acts with her at his home near Philadelphia . He calls the encounter consensual .
Constand , who had sought career advice from Cosby , left her job with the Temple women 's basketball team that spring . She returned home to Toronto and began training to become a massage therapist .
Bill Cosby : how tide turned against man once dubbed 'America 's Dad ' Read more
A year later , she contacted police to report the alleged sexual assault . Thirteen other women came forward by the time she settled her lawsuit in 2006 to say that Cosby had also molested them . Cosby in the deposition described a long history of womanizing , including extramarital affairs with several of the accusers . However , he said he never assaulted anyone or gave them drugs unknowingly .
Dozens of women have since added their names to the list of accusers . But the statute of limitations had run on virtually all of them , and Constand 's is the only case to result in criminal charges .
As the case proceeds , the key issues are likely to include whether other accusers can testify ; whether Cosby is unfairly biased by the 12-year delay ; and whether his testimony in the civil case can be used against him .
Shadowrun : Hong Kong developer Harebrained Schemes launched the Kickstarter for it turn-based tactical reboot of BattleTech today , and the project met its funding goal within one hour .
With 35 days left , 4,347 backers have already pledged $ 335,789 , smashing the initial goal of $ 250,000 goal .
The developer is seeking funding in three stages , with two more parts left in stage one yet to be funded . It 'll get there though , obviously . Should the project hit the $ 1 million mark , a single-player campaign will be included . At $ 1.85 million an expanded mercenary campaign will be added , and $ 2.5 million will ensure PvP multiplayer .
BattleTech is set during the 3025 BattleTech Succession Wars Era , which is often referred to as “ Classic BattleTech ” . The developer has already put $ 1 million into the game which will ensure the Skirmish mode which is now in pre-production on PC .
Check out the Kickstarter through the link .
Looman and his fellow North Georgia Militia members maintained a number of websites and Facebook pages with enough explicit content to keep a team of terrorism research analysts busy for a while . Looman has not been arrested and his supporters insist that he has n't committed any crimes and has n't been involved in any wrongdoing .
A friend sent a link to this Facebook event with a note saying that Bill Looman set it up , though I was n't able to substantiate that .
A word of thanks to Bill Schmalfeldt . I 'm astonished at the amazing work he did and just as astonished that it fell in my lap when it did . The story about Looman can be regurgitated by people like me because Bill did all the work . In my mind , the reason the Pulitzer Prize is awarded is so that writing like Bill 's will be recognized . There are n't many journalists left in America who have the determination and yes , courage , to do what he did .
It 's worth the time to read more of Bill 's unique expose . Here are the links :
Testing for Tinder Gold has just begun in Argentina , Australia , Canada and Mexico a few days ago , so us users in other parts of the world did n't expect to be able to subscribe any time soon , but as it turns out , you already can ! At least if you 're an iPhone user in the US or UK , that is . Unfortunately , it looks like there is no such option for Android users yet .
There has not been any official word on a release and the last we heard from the good people of Tinder was the announcement for Tinder Gold , before testing began . So it is probably safe to say that the following method for signing up prematurely is likely either an oversight on Tinder 's behalf , or some sort of soft launch . Update : According to a customer support conversation , it is accidental . But for the moment it works , so here goes .
How to subscribe to Tinder Gold before the official release
You ( probably ) wo n't see a prompt , or ad , or option to sign up in the app itself , but if you want to sign up before Tinder Gold is officially released in the USA or UK :
If you downloaded Tinder through iTunes , go to your Apple ID . In the subscriptions section , you should see the option of subscribing to Tinder Gold , or to upgrade from Tinder Plus . ? ? ? Profit .
A couple of points :
If you already have a Plus subscription , you should get a refund on your remaining paid time and only pay the difference to Gold . This is not a guarantee , just what has been reported to me .
Tinder Gold is technically still in testing and some users report they see no change in their app after subscribing . Though in those cases , resetting their account and/or restoring the purchase actually fixed the problem . Again , this is no guarantee .
If you have a grandfathered in Plus subscription with 4 free boosts a month , you might lose that perk when switching to Gold and get knocked down to the now normal 1 free boost a month .
That is all for now . To stay up to date on Tinder Gold , check out this post , or keep an eye on the SwipeHelper Subreddit .
Do you have any news ( or reviews ) to share ? Feel free to leave a comment 🙂
Swipe on
Are you ready for more of the Portokalos family ? My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is coming to theaters on March 25 , and reveals a family secret that will bring the beloved characters back together for an even bigger and Greeker wedding .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2
With a large family myself , I completely understand the concept of big , loud , crazy families like the Portokalos . Some days I can hardly hear myself think , let alone find time alone . There is always someone fighting for their turn to talk or simply find some time to themselves . Their can be days filled with laughter , tears and anger , all at one time . But , no matter what , you come to embrace and appreciate every moment . I simply could not imagine life any other way . Big families are what I know and love .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is the highly anticipated follow-up to the highest-grossing romantic comedy of all time first introduced in 2002 . Audiences worldwide embraced the immensely relatable characters , seeing their own families reflected in the adorably brash and bold Portokalos clan members . Now , we will see all of our beloved characters back on the big screen celebrating their family once again .
Watch the trailer and get ready for the movie release in just a few short weeks !
( CNN ) A Yazidi woman who was kidnapped and taken as a sex slave by ISIS told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria on Sunday that the Iraqi government and the UN should establish an investigation in order to bring members of the brutal regime to justice .
Nadia Murad , along with her counsel , international human rights lawyer Amal Clooney , described her ordeal to Zakaria . It began in 2014 after ISIS militants arrived at her village in Sinjar , Kurdistan , she said .
`` Early morning on August 3 , 2014 , they attacked us , '' she recalled .
`` Nearly 6,500 women and children from the Yazidi were abducted and about 5,000 people from the community were killed during that day . For eight months , they separated us from our mothers and our sisters and our brothers , and some of them were killed and others disappeared . ''
Murad 's mother and six of her brothers and stepbrothers were executed . Murad , along with other unmarried women , was taken as a sex slave and passed around various ISIS militants .
At one point , she told the UN Security Council in 2015 , as punishment for a failed escape attempt , she was gang raped until she passed out . All of this , she said , was considered legal under ISIS rule -- which dictates that Yazidis , because they do not practice Islam , can be taken as slaves on religious grounds .
`` They sold girls , girls that were underage , because ISIS considered that permissible under Islamic law , '' Murad said . `` They came not just to attack certain people , but they came for all Yazidis . ''
The violence against the Yazidi community continues to this day , said Clooney , who represents Murad . Around 3,000 Yazidis are believed to remain in captivity , some of them from Murad 's own family .
It 's time , Clooney said , to bring ISIS to justice for committing some of `` the worst crimes of our generation . ''
`` We know that there 's a military campaign going on where ISIS is being taken on on the battlefield . What we want is to see ISIS members also in a courtroom , '' Clooney said .
No court has attempted to prosecute ISIS
There has n't been a `` single prosecution against ISIS in a court anywhere in the world for the crimes committed against the Yazidis ... for any international crimes , '' she added .
Last week , Clooney addressed the UN in a bid to convince the Security Council to set up an investigation in Iraq to start collecting evidence . `` ISIS is not a local threat , it 's a global threat , '' Clooney said .
`` So , my message to the UN was , this is a global threat . It needs a global response . And part of that response must be a judicial one . It can not be only on the battlefield . You ca n't defeat ISIS on the battlefield alone , because you have to also deal with future recruiting . And I think trials and exposing the brutality of ISIS and trying to make a dent in some of their shiny propaganda by showing that it 's not a holy war and showing what they 're really doing to children , to women , is one way to help that , '' she said .
Clooney believes an investigation also is crucial to ensure that evidence is properly collected . `` ISIS has set up a whole bureaucracy involving the slave trade where they 've set up committees , they 've set up courts , so there are documents , there 's DNA , there are mass graves , and nobody is actually collecting this evidence . And if it gets lost , it means we can never have trials and we can never have justice , '' she said .
Clooney : There is a resolution 'drafted and ready '
Clooney said she is asking the Iraqi government and the UN to step in and set up a thorough investigation . In order to make that happen , she said , Iraq needed only to send a letter to the Security Council saying , `` Please establish an investigation . ''
`` There 's already a resolution drafted and ready , '' she said , `` And if Iraq just sends the letter , then there will be a vote . And from all of my conversations , including with the Russian ambassador and the United States ambassador and others , it seems that there 's actually broad support in the Council .
`` So , this actually should move forward . It 's in line with the Iraqi government 's interests , because they 're going after ISIS . ''
Murad , who now lives in Germany , said she hoped ISIS would finally be brought to justice .
Then , she said , switching from her native language to a halting English , she `` wondered , '' that `` maybe if I can speak English , maybe the UN , they can understand ... what we want . But I ca n't . ''
`` We can hear you no matter what language you speak , '' said Zakaria .
Like Easter eggs in January and Christmas trees in September , State of Origin 's approach is spotted earlier and earlier every year . You could say it 's a reminder of where the game 's priorities lie when it comes to representative football . As if to reinforce this idea the NRL has been calling Friday 's Anzac Test match between the Kangaroos and New Zealand in Newcastle the Downer Test . A bit harsh , what ? But is it fair ?
Oh , right , sorry , Downer is an engineering mob , and the game 's naming rights sponsor , so it 's simply an unfortunate juxtaposition of words . Sadly , however , it 's apt enough in a climate where the first Kangaroos Test matches in 12 months has been shunted off to a regional capital , and where the Kangaroos captain , Cameron Smith , has acknowledged a general apathy about the game and appealed for support from the public . “ I think if everyone can get behind our team that would be great , ” Smith said .
Semi Radradra among new faces in Mal Meninga 's first Australia squad Read more
If you can overlook Smith 's delivery , which suggests he wo n't have a career in sales upon retirement ( “ Buy this thing . It 's good ” ) , spare a thought for what 's happening here : the captain of an Australia representative rugby league team is asking for the support of the Australian public . The whole scenario is positively … what 's that lazy pejorative , again ? … un-Australian .
The woes of the international game have been well-aired , and it hardly helps matters when Australia selects players like Fijian Semi Radradra , as they 've done for this Test . While you can understand Radradra 's motivations ( “ I want to be known as the best Fijian rugby player around the world and I want to be playing the top teams , ” he said ) the Australian selectors , who had plenty of other options , did n't have to pick him . And the selection rules should n't allow it . This may ring a few bells but it 's a scenario akin to taxing the poor to benefit the rich . Radradra 's selection prompted Canterbury 's English prop James Graham to worry that it would damage league 's international development to the benefit of rugby union . “ Rugby league would just become a feeder , ” he said .
But for those who hope international rugby league will return to a position of prominence and importance it 's not all doom and gloom . Really it 's not , even if you have to make a concerted effort to lift your head above the grey clouds . Only 14 months ago , for instance , the Rugby League International Federation appointed its first CEO in David Collier . In recent times we 've seen a thrilling stand-alone Test series between New Zealand and England , Test matches played by second- and third-tier league nations , as well as the news that a Toronto-based team will join the UK 's third-tier competition , League One , in 2017 . The usual suspects might laugh off some of this as all a bit Mickey Mouse but trees were once saplings . It can only be good for the game if more people in more countries are playing it .
This weekend 's round of stand-alone representative fixtures may well include the shoehorned redundancy of City v Country , but it 's not all bad . As a curtain raiser to the Anzac Test Australia 's Jillaroos will take on New Zealand , and on Saturday at Parramatta Stadium we will be treated to a tantalising double-header ; Papua New Guinea v Fiji , followed by Tonga v Samoa . This time last year Samoa beat Tonga 18-16 in a wonderful game on the Gold Coast . And it meant something , as all those tattoo-shifting tackles suggested .
Look at the ranks of every NRL team and it 's striking to see the number of players with Polynesian and Melanesian heritage . And the number is just as high in junior rugby league representative teams . When these players come of age they 're naturally going to aspire to higher honours – and Australia and New Zealand ca n't select them all . It seems fair to say that as time goes by the relative strengths of Samoa , Tonga , Fiji and Papua New Guinea will surely grow ( more so if they get to play as nations more often than they do ) . This can only be good for the international game .
It 's been said , moreover , that the best thing that could happen to international rugby league would be Australia losing its dominance . It may well be time to test this theory because you could argue we 're there already ( although the more circumspect might not be prepared to make such a call until the end-of-year Four Nations or even until after the 2017 World Cup ) . The fact is , New Zealand have won their past three Tests against Australia and are the No1 ranked side in the world .
How has this happened ? To speculate , there 's certainly a sense that for the Kiwi players , not distracted by the hoopla of Origin , Test football is the pinnacle of their aspirations . And to knock off Australia in anything – beer pong , flip-flop throwing , armpit farting , whatever – is entwined in their very DNA . Crucially , that motivation has coincided with the coming together of a generation of top-class , NRL-hardened players at the same time as Australia 's regulars – used to peaking for Origin – have begun to look a little long in the tooth . If the Kangaroos fail to beat a weakened New Zealand on Friday night new coach Mal Meninga may be forced to consider regime change ahead of the Four Nations let alone the World Cup . Considering how close he must be to the Kangaroos ' fleet of Queenslanders that will be no easy task .
As mentioned , too , Australia has n't been helped by the parochialism that feeds Origin . For a few months every year a player is a Maroon or a Blue . That 's all well and good and most entertaining , yet suddenly these liberal dashes of oil and water are expected to mix in a few training sessions to become a cohesive unit . In this respect , it can only be to the Kangaroos ' benefit that only three NSW players will feature on Friday night ( with Paul ‘ Elbows ' Gallen extraordinarily lucky to be among them ) . Similarly , NRL fans – the very ones whose support has been solicited by Cameron Smith – have to escape their own indoctrination and cheer on the likes of Sam Thaiday and Gallen . For many , this must seem to go against all that is right and holy .
But right now Australia are not the best league nation in the world . So what will be their response – and that of the league loving public – to that discomfiting reality ? Friday 's Test wo n't provide any definitive answer but we may get a clue ; and it just may just be delivered within a great game of rugby league . That 's nothing to get too down about .
Valery Kaikov ( Rusvelo ) has failed an out of competition drug test and has been fired by his team with immediate effect . The rider tested positive for GW1516 . The UCI have since moved to suspend Kaikov . Related Articles Four positives for black market drug in Vuelta a Costa Rica
RusVelo withdraw from Giro dell'Appennino after asthma drug positives
`` Rusvelo team notes regretfully that the out-of-competition drugs test for rider Valery Kaikov gave a positive result , '' the team announced in a statement Thursday morning .
`` Immediately Kaikov 's contract with the Russian team has been terminated and UCI Administration has been notified about this incident . ''
In a press release the UCI stated : `` The decision to provisionally suspend this rider was made in response to a report from the WADA accredited laboratory in Köln indicating an Adverse Analytical Finding of metabolite GW1516 sulfone – Metabolic Modulator in a urine sample collected from him in an out of competition test on 17th March 2013 . ''
`` The provisional suspension of Mr. Valery Kaykov remains in force until a hearing panel convened by the Russian Cycling Federation determines whether he has committed an anti-doping rule violation under Article 21 of the UCI Anti-Doping Rules . ''
Rusvelo were formed in 2012 as a programme for young Russian riders on the track and road . Their team management includes Serhiy Honchar who was suspended for 30 days and later fired in 2007 by T-Mobile for failing a blood test .
However the team also state that they have zero tolerance towards doping .
`` Moreover Rusvelo team declares that the main team 's ideology is zero tolerance to doping in cycling . We do support clean cycling and we will stick firmly to our policy . ''
When I first saw these straps for under $ 10 , I thought they 'd be junk , but MIGHT work well enough for the `` loaner '' guitars . No , definitely not . I would n't put them on a `` beater guitar '' for a beginner . You definitely get what you pay for , though . Bearing this in mind , I should have looked around a bit more before buying these . The `` leather '' ends are extremely cheap , and the one strap I actually used , ripped out when I took it off . I was not very impressed when I saw that the `` leather '' end tore out as I tried pulling it over the strap button . Normally , leather does n't tear very easily , unless it 's extremely thin , as is the case here ( assuming it is n't some generic synthetic ) . These straps are very thin , and not very durable . Another annoying thing about This is that they are n't as long as listed ( I measured , and at the longest , it measured 4 feet ( 48 '' ) NOT the 53 '' advertised . As of my writing this , these straps were no longer available on Amazon , which is definitely NOT a bad thing for anyone looking for a decent , inexpensive strap . They might work well enough for a toy , but if you care about not dropping your guitar , you definitely do n't want to cheap it out with a strap that just plan sucks . I gave one star simply because they do n't allow you to go lower here . At best I might give it half of a star , but this is all just my opinion . Someone out there might actually like these straps . I 'm not that someone , but ...
Former Secretary-General of Egypt 's State Council Commits Suicide in Detention
Wael Shalaby , Egypt 's former State Council Secretary-General who was forced to retire on Saturday , committed suicide while in detention on Monday , announced his lawyer .
In a statement to Youm7 , Shalaby 's lawyer said that his client committed suicide inside the detention room at the Administrative Control Authority in Nasr City using a scarf .
The lawyer added that his client had warned investigators that he would commit suicide because of psychological pressure he had been facing .
Following Shalaby 's suicide , Egypt 's Prosecutor-General issued a media gag on investigations conducted by state prosecutions related to the bribery of State Council officials .
The former Secretary-General of the State Council was arrested on Sunday and detained for 44 days pending an investigation into corruption .
Shalaby , who resigned on New Year 's Eve , faced accusations of receiving bribes in a corruption case involving millions of Egyptian pounds and dollars .
The corruption case was launched after EGP 24 million , $ US 4 million , and SAR 1 million were found at the house of Gamal El-Laban , a procurement manager at the State Council . Following El-Laban 's arrest , several other officials at the State Council , including Shalaby , were arrested .
Subscribe to our newsletter
Her bedroom walls beg to be acknowledged . The tones portray lifelessness . A color you could only imagine seeing
at an open casket . Even then , that color fades behind some attempt to bring life back to an empty vessel . Her room is bare and vacant , only holding the simplest of essentials that reveals it 's a bedroom at all .
A bed displays a perfectly imprinted formation in which she slept , sheets tightly tucked beneath her mattress as if she could
never remove herself from it 's caressing grip . Caressing . She enjoys being smothered by her own sheets , which provide comfort to her . A mirror reflects images of a space she finds solace in , a bed , a dresser , and a small unappealing rug chosen in a dull black color . A color so faded the sun 's rays could n't ever produce such dullness . In her mind this is comfort , it 's her safe place .
She runs her fingertips along the walls sometimes , feeling the cool sensation they retain . A lack of insulation within the home perhaps ? She never seems to mind . Her fingertips enjoy feeling the frost like effect those walls exude . Almost cool enough to create a below temperature atmosphere . Like walking into a deep freeze , set cool enough to take your breath away yet will allow your heart to beat . It soothes her .
She can never understand why she never has any visitors . But one glance into her darkened haven would turn anyone the other way . Eyes would widen , unsure of which emotion to feel , what to even say . Confusion , sadness , shock , any of which she has never felt within the walls of her bedroom . Even if the room did contain one sign of life , it would be the crimson red soaked so deep , stained within the bedding . Within the imprint , the perfectly sculpted imprint . And this is where she lay and hope to never be removed . It 's her favorite place within her room .
There is one thing however that may sadden her on occasion , or cause some sort of discomfort within her vicinity ; she can no longer see herself smile . The mirror will only show the remains of a forgotten murder scene , not the reflection of a lonely ghost trapped within the walls of her misunderstood solitude .
In the nearly two years since the start of the Syrian Civil War , the international community has steadfastly refused to directly intervene—despite reports of atrocities ranging from horrific detainee abuse to indiscriminate airstrikes and shelling against civilians . However , the Assad regime may have finally crossed the `` red line '' by unleashing a deadly nerve agent against residents of Homs . In doing so , the government may be courting a full-scale NATO retribution .
In a secret state department communication leaked to The Cable yesterday , Scott Frederic Kilner , the U.S. consul general to Turkey , presented a report on his recent investigation into accusations that the Syrian military used banned chemical agents in the city of Homs last December . In it , he interviews a number of civilians , doctors , and rebels present during the attack , as well as the former general and head of the Syrian WMD program , Mustafa al-Sheikh . His findings appear to all but confirm that these weapons were used . According to an unnamed Cable source with access to the document , `` Syrian contacts made a compelling case that Agent-15 was used . ''
Advertisement
Dr. Nashwan Abu Abdo , a neurologist in Homs , is certain . He tells The Cable , `` It was a chemical weapon , we are sure of that , because tear gas ca n't cause the death of five people . ''
Per the eyewitness accounts of Abdo and others , the chemicals were launched from a tank , most likely one of the more than 4,000 T-72 main battle tanks in Assad 's arsenal . The symptoms experienced by the people exposed included nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , delirium , seizures , and respiratory distress—the deceased reportedly choked to death on airway constriction and bronchial secretions . Based on the type of symptoms , their persistence , and the number of people afflicted , Consul Kilner 's report strongly suggests that the weaponized compound Agent-15 is to blame .
`` They all had miosis—pinpoint pupils . They also had generalized muscle pain . There were also bad symptoms as far as their central nervous system . There were generalized seizures and some patients had partial seizures . This actually is proof that the poison was able to pass the blood-brain barrier , '' Abdo told The Cable . `` In addition , there was acute mental confusion presented by hallucinations , delusions , personality changes , and behavioral changes . ''
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Developed in the 1960s by * sigh * the United States , Agent-15 , chemically identified as 3-Quinuclidinyl Benzilate and known in NATO literature as BZ , is some severely nasty stuff . Among the most potent hallucinogenic chemical warfare compounds ever developed , it 's an odorless , colorless incapacitating agent that is easily aerosolized and can be absorbed into the central nervous system through respiration , ingestion , or through skin contact . Exposure to just 6.2 micrograms per kilogram of body mass is enough to incapacitate 50-percent of those exposed . Ingest roughly 100mg , and you 've got a 50-50 chance of death .
The chemical is a cousin of atropine , a deliriant commonly used to counter to nerve agents like VX or Sarin . This property makes BZ especially insidious—a doctor might be tempted to treat exposure with another atropine-based countermeasure , but that will actually amplify symptoms and hasten death . Only Physostigmine has shown to be an effective antidote . But it 's not like there 's a lot of that on hand in Syria these days .
Advertisement
UPDATE : This morning the White House has hedged its stance on the validity of the information cited in the Consulate general 's report . `` The reporting we have seen from media sources regarding alleged chemical weapons incidents in Syria has not been consistent with what we believe to be true about the Syrian chemical weapons program , '' National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor told Yahoo News . Us officials have n't completely ruled out the possibility that such an attack occurred , mind you , they 're just are not treating this report an immediately damning incrimination of the Syrian regime .
UPDATE 2 : US officials are now fully denying the use use of chemical weapons in Homs last month . `` At the time we looked into the allegations that were made and the information that we had received , and we found no credible evidence to corroborate or to confirm that chemical weapons were used , '' said State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland . [ Wired ]
[ BI - The Cable - eMedicine 1 , 2 - OPCW - Wikipedia - Image : jurassicbark / imgur ; ProxyChemist ]
A MONKEY sits on a bench , wires running from its head and wrist into a small box of electronics . At first the wrist lies limp , but within 10 minutes the monkey begins to flex its muscles and move its hand from side to side . The movements are clumsy , but they are enough to justify a rewarding slug of juice . After all , it should n't be able to move its wrist at all .
A nerve connection in the monkey 's upper arm had previously been blocked with an anaesthetic that prevented signals travelling from its brain to its wrist , leaving the muscles temporarily paralysed . The monkey was only able to move its arm because the wires and the black box bypassed the broken link .
The monkey was in Eberhard Fetz 's lab at the University of Washington in Seattle . The experiment , performed last year , was the first demonstration of a new treatment that might one day cure paralysis , which is typically caused by a broken connection in the spinal cord . Though much work has focused on using stem cells to regrow damaged nerve fibres , some researchers believe that an electronic bypass like this is equally viable .
The idea is to implant electronic chips in the relevant regions of the brain to record neural activity . Then a decoder deciphers the neural chatter , often from thousands of neurons , to figure out what the brain wants the body to do . These messages must then be relayed – ideally wirelessly – to electrodes that deliver a pulse of electricity to stimulate the muscles into action . Such “ brain chips ” are already restoring hearing to the …
Autodesk Maya 2017 recently released , is one of the most popular 3D computer graphics software used around the graphics world . Hence its currently owned and developed by Autodesk , and it runs on Windows , macOS as well as Linux . Furthermore , Maya 2017 is used to create stunning interactive 3D applications , including video games , animated film , TV series , as well as visual effects . Before we proceed on how to install Autodesk Maya 2017 on Ubuntu 17.04 and Ubuntu 16.04 , lets take a quick look at Maya 2017 changes .
Autodesk Maya 2017 Notable Changes
It includes major workflow upgrades with new tools like the Time Editor . This is a comprehensive tool for creating as well as editing clip-based non-linear animation
Also it comes with new Render Setup system which simplifies the management of complex scenes with shot-based overrides as well as templates
In addition , grooming all types of hair and fur in XGen is easier and faster using new Interactive Groom Splines , which includes a set of intuitive brush-based tools
The new Motion Graphics features , includes the 3D Type Tool , the SVG Tool , as well as the MASH Procedural Effects Toolkit hence enabling you to create versatile motion design animations .
Finally , the new Content Browser , and new Workspaces capabilities let you personalize Maya
YouTube Video Walk-Through
How to install Autodesk Maya 2017 on Ubuntu 17.04 and Ubuntu 16.04
For the purpose of demonstration , I will be using the student license free trial copy which you can register and download from Autodesk website
Create a working directory
mkdir -p ~/Downloads/maya2017install cd ~/Downloads/maya2017install
Download as well as unzip Maya install package
wget http : //edutrial.autodesk.com/NET17SWDLD/2017/MAYA/ESD/Autodesk_Maya_2017_EN_JP_ZH_Linux_64bit.tgz tar xvf Autodesk_Maya_2017_EN_JP_ZH_Linux_64bit.tgz
Next install required dependencies
# For Ubuntu 17.04 , install this sudo apt-get install -y libssl1.0.0 gcc libssl-dev libjpeg62 alien csh tcsh libaudiofile-dev libglw1-mesa elfutils libglw1-mesa-dev mesa-utils xfstt ttf-liberation xfonts-100dpi xfonts-75dpi ttf-mscorefonts-installer libfam0 libfam-dev libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-dev # For Ubuntu 16.04 , install this sudo apt-get install -y libssl1.0.0 gcc libssl-dev libjpeg62 alien csh tcsh libaudiofile-dev libglw1-mesa elfutils libglw1-mesa-dev mesa-utils xfstt ttf-liberation xfonts-100dpi xfonts-75dpi ttf-mscorefonts-installer libfam0 libfam-dev libgstreamer-plugins-base0.10-0 wget http : //launchpadlibrarian.net/183708483/libxp6_1.0.2-2_amd64.deb sudo dpkg -i libxp6_1.0.2-2_amd64.deb
[ the_ad id= ” 18299″ ]
Convert RPM files into DEB files . Note this stage does take a little bit more time to complete , so be patient or go grab a coffee .
sudo alien -cv * .rpm
Let 's install Maya . Follow the on screen setup to complete installation . You will be prompted to enter serial and product keys which was made available during sign-up .
sudo dpkg -i * .deb echo `` int main ( void ) { return 0 ; } '' > mayainstall.c gcc mayainstall.c sudo mv /usr/bin/rpm /usr/bin/rpm_backup sudo cp a.out /usr/bin/rpm # make setup executable sudo chmod +x ./setup sudo ./setup sudo rm /usr/bin/rpm sudo mv /usr/bin/rpm_backup /usr/bin/rpm
Fix some identified issues
Fix some startup errors
# create symbolic link for libs sudo ln -s /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libtiff.so.5.2.4 /usr/lib/libtiff.so.3 sudo ln -s /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssl.so /usr/autodesk/maya2017/lib/libssl.so.10 # create symbolic link for libcrypto sudo ln -s /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libcrypto.so /usr/autodesk/maya2017/lib/libcrypto.so.10 # make a tmp directory and set permission sudo mkdir -p /usr/tmp sudo chmod 777 /usr/tmp # make a maya directory and set permission sudo mkdir -p ~/maya/2017/ sudo chmod 777 ~/maya/2017/
Fix Segmentation Fault Error
echo `` MAYA_DISABLE_CIP=1 '' > > ~/maya/2017/Maya.env
[ the_ad id= ” 18299″ ]
Fix Color Managment Errors
echo `` LC_ALL=C '' > > ~/maya/2017/Maya.env chmod 777 ~/maya/2017/Maya.env
Maya Camera Modifier Key
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences mouse-button-modifier `` < Super > ''
Ensure that Fonts are Loaded
xset +fp /usr/share/fonts/X11/100dpi/ xset +fp /usr/share/fonts/X11/75dpi/ # Update the X11 logical font xset fp rehash
To fix “ error while loading shared libraries : libtiff.so.3 : can not open shared object file : No such file or directory “
sudo ln -s /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libtiff.so.5 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libtiff.so.3
Launch Maya and you should have it running with ease . Note I am running this on a Virtualbox so might expect some graphics related errors but Maya still runs .
Comment below if you run into any install issue .
Credit to borgfriend for the Maya 2017 install script
For about as long as there 's been music , dudes have been writing songs about younger girls — but since the dawn of rock and roll , singing odes to teenage flesh has been one of the genre 's proudest traditions . Thus , when our own Matthew Bolin suggested that one of our first lists should be a rundown of our favorite age-inappropriate rock songs , the suggestions came fast and furious . This list only scratches the surface — of the songs we discussed , or the ones we forgot — but it contains a pungent blend of classic and little-known statutory rock anthems . Prepare to feel terribly unclean !
Chuck Berry , “ Almost Grown ” If it were n't for underage girls , it seems fair to say that Chuck Berry might never have been inspired to pick up a guitar — and rock & roll as we know it might never have come to be . And okay , so “ Almost Grown ” is n't as lecherous as , say , “ Sweet Little Sixteen ” — but even if this song 's protagonist is supposed to be the same age as the “ little girl ” he 's got his eye on , this is still Chuck we 're talking about . –Jeff Giles ( download )
Brian Wilson , “ Hey Little Tomboy ” When a song starts off with the line “ Hey little tomboy , sit here on my lap , ” and Mike Love was anywhere within a 50-mile radius when it was written or recorded , you know you 're dealing with a towering classic of skeeve . Here 's the Brian Wilson demo , for that extra element of drug-addled psychosis . –JG ( download )
Foreigner , “ Seventeen ” The title “ Seventeen ” is pretty common in pop music . If you AMG 'd the title , you 'd likely get a couple dozen different tunes all named the same . Yet it is hard for me to believe that any of the other performers looked quite as… old… as Foreigner did , even back then . Lou Gramm with his rangy , mangy , almost bro-fro , Mick Jones looking more like Chumley the janitor rather than a student… If context is everything , then picture these guys mourning the young'un that got away in the tune , and then go to therapy , you filthy pedo . –Dw . Dunphy ( download )
Benny Mardones , “ Into the Night ” “ She 's just sixteen years old / Leave her alone , they say. ” We could say more , but Jason 's already said it all here . –JG ( download )
Winger , “ Seventeen ” Such an obvious choice that we do n't feel the need to say anything else about it here — we 're just adding it because we can imagine the disbelieving comments if we do n't . –JG ( download )
Van Morrison , “ Cyprus Avenue ” A lilting , beautiful slow number , reflecting on the everyday actions and making them into a beautiful dream when the past swirls into the present… .. and then suddenly he gets to the end and : “ Nobody , no , no , no , nobody stops me from loving you baby / So young and bold , fourteen years old / Baby , baby , baby… ” Oh my God . –Matthew Bolin ( download )
Damn Yankees , “ Coming of Age ” Jack Blades is a happily married man and Tommy Shaw is a lesbian , so clearly , the blame for this most foul of pervy corporate rock anthems lies with the ever-disgusting Ted Nugent . By 1990 , some of the guys who rocked out to “ Cat Scratch Fever ” and “ Wang Dang Sweet Poontang ” ( or “ Little Miss Dangerous ” [ download ] ) had teenage daughters — think they started feeling pangs of regret when they leafed through their record collections ? –JG ( download )
KISS , “ Christine Sixteen ” Not to be outdone by Paul Stanleyâ€™s ode to a hand job in the song â€œTake Me , â€ Gene Simmons decides to go for â€¦ statutory rape in â€œChristine Sixteen.â€ In 1977 , Gene was 28 years old . His object of lust is a girl he instantly fell for when â€¦ oh , Iâ€™ll let Gene tell you in the spoken word part of the song : “ I do n't usually say things like this to girls your age , but when I saw you coming out of the school that day , that day I knew , I knew , I 've got to have you , I 've got to have you. ” This gem peaked at # 25 on the U.S . Hot 100 . But before you write Gene off as just another perv skulking around high school parking lots looking for girls , Gene gives the listener this snippet about Christine : “ She 's ' been around , but she 's young and clean. ” So â€¦ she really loves sex , but doesnâ€™t have any discernible STDs ? Maybe Iâ€™m over thinking this , maybe when it comes to KISS , all I really need to know about them I can glean from This Is Spinal Tap . –Py Korry ( download )
Ringo Starr , “ You 're Sixteen ” This will no doubt be a controversial choice for those who choose to believe that Ringo was the harmlessly cuddly one in the Beatles , and that by covering “ You 're Sixteen ” he was taking a harmless trip down memory lane — but there 's still no getting around the fact that Starr was in his thirties when his version of this song was released . Imagine early '70s Ringo loitering around outside your daughter 's high school , muttering about his octopus 's garden — you think you would n't have called the cops ? –JG ( download )
Alex Chilton , “ Jailbait ” From Alex Chilton 's 1989 Black List EP/mini-album comes this paranoid celebration of teenage lust ( correction â€ ” lust for a teenager ) : “ An outrage in short shorts / Set me up a date at the law courts … Everybody in the neighborhood / Knows that I 'm up to no good. ” Chilton himself was 16 years old when he sang lead on his first ( and only ) # 1 record , the Box Tops ' 1967 smash hit “ The Letter. ” –Robert Cass ( download )
Motorhead , “ Jailbait ” It 's got the same title as the Chilton song , but a whole ‘ nother vibe . This might be the least threatening track on the list , actually , 'cause any underage girl who feels anything other than sheer terror when hearing Lemmy sing “ I do n't care about our different ages / I 'm an open book with well thumbed pages / You 're Jailbait , and I just ca n't wait / Jailbait baby come on ” can probably handle herself pretty capably . On the other hand , Lemmy is super gross , and this track definitely deserves a place on the list . –JG ( download )
Peter Cetera , “ Daddy 's Girl ” Oh , sure , Cetera wrote this so you could interpret it as being about his actual daughter , but we know what he really meant . “ Little baby wan na hold you tight / She does n't ever wan na say goodnight / She 's a lover , she wan na be Daddy 's girl ” ? While Cetera was lulling America to sleep with his seemingly innocuous ballads , he was scoping out our innocent young daughters . Shameful . –JG ( download )
Gilbert O'Sullivan , “ Clair ” I 'm reading the lyrics to “ Clair ” now , and WOW , this is messed up : “ I do n't care what people say / To me you 're more than a child…But why in spite of our age difference do I cry… ” But here 's the money line : “ Nothing means more to me than hearing you say / I 'm going to marry you / Will you marry me , Uncle Ray ? ” There 's more , but I think I 'm going to be sick . — David Medsker ( download )
128937 SHARES Share Tweet Google Whatsapp Digg Reddit Stumbleupon Mail
Breaking :
Labour MP Lisa Nandy just revealed in parliament the embarrassing inconsistencies between Prime Minister Theresa May and Home Secretary Amber Rudd over documents being hidden from the inquiry into allegations of child abuse by MP Cyril Smith .
“ The Home Secretary told me that some papers would be withheld from the Cyrill Smith inquiry for national security reasons , ” Nandy told the House of Commons , yet she added : “ this week the Prime Minister has written to me to say we are clear that the work of the security services will not prevent information being shared with other such inquiries . ”
– And she challenged Amber Rudd to confirm “ for the survivors of Cyril Smith who have waited for decades ” for justice – whether papers on historic allegations of child abuse against Smith will be withheld from inquiries for reasons of national security .
WATCH :
`` Child Abuse documents ca n't be released 'for national security ' BREAKING Parliamentary news : Lisa Nandy : `` I was told documents on MP Cyril Smith 's child abuse could n't be released 'for National Security reasons'… '' Posted by The London Economic on Monday , 20 November 2017
Cyril Smith was a Liberal MP for Rochdale in the 1970 's after Liberal Party leader Jeremy Thorpe – who later resigned amid sexual scandal – insisted the local party have Smith as a candidate even though police had investigated serious allegations of sexual abuse of young boys in care homes in Rochdale where he had been Mayor .
The police investigation was dropped in 1970 . Smith died in 2010 and two years later the Crown Prosecution Service admitted that he would have faced prosecution for allegations of child abuse where he still alive with allegations that had surfaced since .
The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse last month heard how Smith was a governor at several schools in Rochdale , including Knowl View , where one abuse survivor attended as a boy when Smith was governor . He gave horrific testimony of a rape by Smith .
The inquiry is investigating historic abuse in Rochdale schools and care homes and heard how police had warned that Smith had “ used his unique position to indulge in a sordid series of indecent episodes with young boys towards whom he had a special responsibility . ”
The inquiry was provided evidence by MI5 that the security service had been aware at the time that the Director of Public Prosecutions had lied to journalists about not charging the MP , saying a case had n't been referred to them . MI5 appear to have not pursued this serious allegation as their role was “ to defend the realm ” , the inquiry heard .
A police report into Smith when he stood for election in 1970 read : “ he has used his unique position to indulge in a sordid series of indecent episodes with young boys towards whom he had a special responsibility . ”
The inquiry also heard that Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher would have been likely to be aware of the allegations against Cyril Smith when she awarded him a knighthood in 1988 .
Lead counsel Brian Altman QC told the inquiry : “ It is important to bear in mind the extent to which Cyril Smith continued to involve himself in serious issues related to the welfare of children . A knighthood would only have reinforced Smith 's veneer of respectability and power . ”
By Benjamin Jenkins
RELATED :
Since you 're here … Real , independent , investigative journalism is in alarming decline . It costs a lot to produce . Many publications facing an uncertain future can no longer afford to fund it . This means journalists are losing the ability to hold the rich and powerful to account .
We do not charge or put articles behind a paywall . If you can , please show your appreciation for our free content by donating whatever you think is fair to help keep TLE growing .
Every penny we collect from donations supports vital investigative and independent journalism . You can also help us grow by inviting your friends to follow us on social media .
The world 's richest Hindu temple is asking to be repaid in gold for longer-term deposits it makes under the Indian government 's monetisation scheme in order to make the plan more attractive to the temples that are sitting on thousands of tonnes of the metal .
The Sri Venkateswara Swamy Temple , popularly known as the Tirupati , has requested repayment of their deposits of longer than three years under the Gold Monetisation Scheme in the metal rather than cash , D. Sambasiva Rao , the executive director of the temple operator Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam ( TTD ) told Reuters on Wednesday .
TTD 's participation in the gold scheme is crucial to its success since the temple in Andhra Pradesh holds 7 tonnes of the metal , equivalent to about $ 277 million at current prices . However , Tirupati and other temples around India are reluctant to part with the gold forever because of its religious and emotional significance .
`` We wrote to the government to change certain conditions in the scheme and offer principal and interest in the form of gold for medium-term and long-term deposits , '' Rao said , referring to deposits for between five and 15 years .
`` The changes will make the scheme attractive for all the temples in the country , '' he said .
India is the world 's second-biggest consumer of gold after China and imports accounted for about a quarter of India 's trade deficit in the year ending March 2015 .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year launched the Gold Monetisation Scheme to mobilise gold stashed with individuals , institutions and rich temples for recycling and to reduce imports . The scheme has garnered about 3 tonnes of gold in four months out of a national hoard of over 20,000 tonnes .
Seeking divine blessings , devotees have offered billions of dollars worth of jewellery , bars and coins to temples over the centuries .
TTD last month deposited 1.3 tonnes of gold with state-run Punjab National Bank at a rate of 1.75 percent for three years , Rao said , as some of its deposits under previous monetisation schemes have matured .
The temple will deposit another 1.4 tonnes in a fortnight at 1.25 percent with Indian Overseas Bank as most of the gold is raw and the bank will spend to refine it , he added .
The 200-year-old Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple in Mumbai said it will deposit 44 kg of gold with a bank by the end of the month for recycling , choosing a short-term plan rather than a longer scheme that does not pay back in gold , said Narendra Murari Rane , chairman of the trust for the temple .
`` We want returns in gold because if the prices of gold go higher than the monetary benefit that we will get , then devotees will blame us for depositing the gold at a cheaper rate , '' Rane said in Marathi .
Reuters
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The Giants are one of the NFL 's signature franchises , with a history filled with memorable moments and great players . Here is The Post 's All-Time New York Giants team :
Offense
Quarterback : Eli Manning
Charlie Conerly and Phil Simms deserve consideration and so does Y.A . Tittle , but he only played four years for the Giants . Manning is a two-time Super Bowl MVP , will hold every franchise passing record and is the model of professionalism . Oh , and he never misses a game .
Running back : Tiki Barber
Surpassed 1,000 rushing yards six times and his last five seasons were Hall of Fame-worthy . He evolved from a third-down back into an every-down killer , equally adept at catching the ball , running past a defender or through him .
Running back : Frank Gifford
True Golden Boy with matinee-idol looks and toughness to match . Incredibly versatile talent — named to the Pro Bowl as a defensive back and then multiple times as a running back and flanker . He also threw 14 touchdown passes . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1977 .
Wide Receiver : Odell Beckham Jr .
What , Odell as a franchise all-timer after only three seasons ? Well , yes . No one has been more prolific in such a brief sample and there is no doubt he is the most talented player to ever play the position for the Giants .
Wide Receiver : Amani Toomer
Played his entire 13-year career with the Giants and is the franchise leader with 668 receptions , 9,497 receiving yards and 54 TD catches . Remarkably consistent and no one ever perfected the toe-the-sideline grab better than him .
Tight end : Mark Bavaro
He did not embrace the “ Rambo '' persona attached to him but it fit him perfectly . No words needed to describe his style . Simply Google “ Bavaro carries 49ers , '' watch the video and that is all you need to know .
Offensive tackle : Rosie Brown
Might be the greatest draft pick in NFL history . Taken in the 27th round , Brown made nine Pro Bowls and all-NFL eight times . Best lineman in Giants history , enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1975 .
Offensive tackle : Jumbo Elliott
Long Island product was a classic left tackle . His work against fearsome Bruce Smith in the Super Bowl was one of the greatest under-the-radar performances ever . Caught game-tying TD in “ Monday Night Miracle '' game .
Center : Mel Hein
Played 15 seasons for the Giants , named all-NFL eight consecutive years , league MVP in 1938 . Never missed a game in 15-year career , made $ 150 per game at the start of his career . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1963 .
Guard : Chris Snee
Second-round pick in 2004 and initially worried he would be viewed as receiving preferential treatment , as the son-in-law of the coach , Tom Coughlin . Those concerns were quickly dashed . Hard-nosed grinder who started for two Super Bowl winning teams .
Guard : Jack Stroud
Three-time All-Pro spent his entire 13-year career with the Giants and was part of a team that played in six conference title games . He might have been the strongest player on the team , as he believed in lifting weights long before it was an accepted training method .
Defense
Defensive end : Andy Robustelli
Played in an incredible eight NFL Championship games and selected to seven Pro Bowls . Incredibly durable — missed one game in his 14-year career . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1971 .
Defensive end : Michael Strahan
He holds the franchise record with 141.5 sacks ( fifth-most in NFL history ) and 216 games played in a 15-year career , culminated in him hoisting the Lombardi Trophy . Gap-toothed , big personality star was NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2001 ( when he had NFL-record 22.5 sacks ) . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 2014 .
Defensive tackle : Rosey Grier
Massive man ( 285 pounds when players were not as big as they are now ) was a three-time All-Pro and anchor of a stellar defense . Went on to fame in Los Angeles as part of Rams “ Fearsome Foursome '' defensive line .
Linebacker : Lawrence Taylor
Generational player who changed the way offenses directed their blocking schemes . NFL MVP in 1986 , when he had 20.5 sacks . Man oh man , was it fortunate the Saints picked George Rogers No . 1 in 1981 . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1999 .
Linebacker : Sam Huff
He was the first NFL player to ever adorn the cover of Time Magazine and was the subject of a CBS TV special entitled “ The Violent World of Sam Huff . '' He never forgave Allie Sherman for trading him to the Redskins . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1982 .
Linebacker : Harry Carson
He played entire 13-year career in blue , made seven consecutive Pro Bowls and nine altogether as he shepherded the Giants from dark days to glory days . Tackling machine , proud , dignified team leader . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Linebacker : Jessie Armstead
How about an eighth-round pick becoming a five-time Pro Bowler ? Ball-seeking and ferocious , he tackled anything that moved and his excellence in 2000 helped propel the Giants to the Super Bowl .
Cornerback : Erich Barnes . Made four Pro Bowls in his four seasons with the Giants and had 18 interceptions , seven fumble recoveries and four TD returns in 56 games . Intimidating tackler , too .
Cornerback : Dick Lynch
In 1963 , he led the NFL with nine interceptions , scored seven career touchdowns on returns and played in four NFL title games . Younger Giants fans grew to know and love him as a colorful radio analyst .
Safety : Jimmy Patton
Product of Ole Miss was a five-time first-team All-Pro , five-time Pro Bowler and had 52 career interceptions , second-all time in franchise history . Spider Lockhart also deserves consideration here .
Safety : Emlen Tunnell
First African-American player signed by the Giants turned out to be one of their all-time best players . He holds the franchise record with 74 interceptions and 261 punt returns . Earned nickname “ offense on defense . '' Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 1967 .
Kicker : Pete Gogolak
The highest-scoring player in franchise history and was the first prominent player to leave the AFL for the NFL . He was also pro football 's first soccer-style kicker . Lawrence Tynes deserved mention , as his game-winning field goal in artic , frigid Green Bay is a moment frozen in time .
Punter : Sean Landeta
He possesses a ridiculously strong leg and in 1990 led the NFL with 24 punts inside the 20-yard line . A special-teams weapon for two Super Bowl-winning teams and named to the 1980 's All-Decade Team .
Coach : Bill Parcells
He took over a terrible team in a terrible downward spiral ( one winning season in 10 years ) and by 1986 won the first Super Bowl in franchise history . Repeated that feat in 1990 season . Went 77-49-1 with the Giants . Enshrined in Hall of Fame in 2013 .
The Calgary Marathon is holding a special event this year to celebrate its 50th year — a 50-kilometre race .
Organizers will also be offering $ 50,000 in prize money to the more than 15,000 participants expected to hit the pavement this weekend .
Calgary lawyer Adam Campbell , who plans to run the 50-kilometre race this weekend in a superhero costume , holds the world record for running the fastest marathon in a suit and tie . ( Courtesy Adam Campbell )
`` It 's really novel for one , that a big city marathon is going to have an ultra marathon at it , ” says Calgary lawyer Adam Campbell .
The two time Canadian ultra-runner of the year has been spending up to 30 hours a week training for the race .
`` I 'm generally running twice a day , pretty much every day of the week , ” said Campbell , who normally runs mountain trails .
`` It 's a lot of training for sure . ''
Campbell will be easy to spot , he 'll be running in a superhero costume , in honour of Kidsport .
`` It 's a great charity , I 'm a huge advocate for any sort of active living . ”
Campbell has dressed up for a race before — he holds the world record for running the fastest marathon in a suit and tie .
Biggest event yet
The Calgary Marathon is the oldest , continually run of its kinds in Canada that has been organized by the same group . ( Calgary Marathon )
The 15,000 runners are expected to make this Calgary 's biggest marathon yet .
Executive director Kirsten Fleming says that 's almost 30 per cent more participants than last year .
`` The trajectory of growth has just been exponential and we do feel we 've hit that critical mass where we will just continue to grow at that pace . ”
And when it comes to big city marathons there are larger , and faster , races in the country , but few have as much history .
Calgary is the oldest , continually run marathon in Canada organized by the same group .
You can tell that we are in the middle of a Leadership Election . All the Lib Dem social media forums are buzzing , rumours abound , and there are plenty of discussions going on about the next Leader of the party .
As President I have to remain completely neutral in any Leadership contest because I represent all 104,000 of you to the Leader . I am very aware that many thousands of you will never have been through a Leadership Election before , so I thought it might be worth an attempt at explaining our processes .
Any candidate has to get at least 10 % of our MPs to support them by 5 July , and thereafter get nominated by 200 paid up members from at least 20 local parties or official party bodies ( Specified Associated Organisations such as Young Liberals , Lib Dem Women etc ‘ SAOs ' ) . These nominations must be submitted by 20 July when nominations close .
At the moment , the nomination forms have only just been circulated to the MPs , so anyone planning on standing is now going to have to come out to the membership to get your nomination .
Any candidates will have teams round the country asking for your support , so do n't be surprised if you get a request . 200 nominations does n't sound a great number , but speaking as someone who has had to get those nominations in twice for the Presidential elections , it is n't as easy as it sounds ! Remember , you can only nominate one candidate .
There will be a series of official Leadership hustings around the country ( they are currently being arranged , so watch out for details near you ) , as well as some online or streamed events . In the last Leadership Election this hustings were very popular , as well as the SAOs who may also have social media Q & As with the candidates.In the event that there is only one nominated candidate we will discuss with them continuing with some of these dates as Meet the New Leader events .
There has been some comment about some of our MPs deciding not to stand . Standing for , and being Leader of , any political party is an all consuming job which has to be run in tandem with their role as a constituency MP , let alone any family commitments . Please do n't be too critical of those who decide not too run , not matter how much you want them too . For example , both Ed Davey and Jo Swinson have been very clear about why being Leader is just not right for them at the moment , especially as they have young children . I can remember juggling with being Mum to primary age children , holding down a job and being a parliamentary candidate in South East Cambridgeshire – and all of those were within 10 miles of each other ! Our Leaders have to give up much more than any of us can imagine , and travel frequently at weekends all over the country as well as being available for the media day and night .
Finally , there are rules about the candidates and their teams not denigrating their opponents . In a party that stands for tolerance and openness , I think that should apply to us too . There 's fair questioning and criticism where you disagree . I 'm not talking about that . It 's the sort of abuse that we 've all seen on social media . I believe that none of us should attack other members for their views about the leadership . Let 's disagree well .
I 'm looking forward to working with whoever our new Leader is , and to hear their vision at our Autumn Conference . See you there !
* Baroness Sal Brinton is President of the Liberal Democrats . She is a working Lib Dem peer , and was the candidate for Watford at the 2010 and 2005 General Elections .
BALTIMORE ( WJZ ) — A Baltimore City Police detective says he was harassed at work , even finding a dead rat on his windshield . He believes it 's because he testified in court against two officers convicted in a corruption case .
Mike Hellgren has the significant developments .
Detective Joe Crystal 's lawyer says Baltimore City Police did not do the questioning . Rather , they brought in two lieutenants from Philadelphia , Pa. and two from Montgomery County , Md . They questioned Detective Crystal for about two hours .
For the first time , Baltimore City Police Detective Joe Crystal testified before police internal affairs about intimidation on the job . It comes just days after a WJZ investigation detailed his allegations that he 's being harassed and called a snitch after breaking a code of silence and testifying against fellow officers in a misconduct case .
That captured the attention and outrage of longtime city council member Carl Stokes , who 's demanding a full investigation .
“ It sends a horrible message throughout the greater community–if you tell , we 're going to get you , ” Stokes said . “ It 's embarrassing to the greater majority of the officers as well as command . ”
The detective 's wife opened up to WJZ .
“ We live in fear , and it 's become part of our lives , ” said Nicole Crystal .
“ To my understanding , nothing 's really been done to investigate this until now , ” said Crystal 's lawyer , Nicholas Panteleakis . “ And I think that 's ludicrous . ”
Only now is Detective Crystal answering questions about a disturbing incident in November 2012 , where someone put a dead rat on his windshield . The intimidation did n't end there . It 's detailed in his meticulous journal , which WJZ obtained .
“ I think he 's in an absolutely dangerous situation . Things have happened where he 's called for backup and police officers did n't come to back him up–I think three or four separate times , ” said Panteleakis . “ I do n't think it 's Commissioner Batts and anybody at the highest level , but I absolutely believe at least some of the mid to high level people want him gone . ”
WJZ has repeatedly asked Commissioner Batts for an interview . This is the statement sent to WJZ : “ We will not tolerate corruption , wrongdoing , or erosion of the public trust . Any officer , or group of officers found to be engaged in conduct that is illegal will be charged , and with the cooperation of the State 's Attorney 's Office , prosecuted to the fullest extent possible . We will not stop in our efforts to identify and fire officers whose behavior is repugnant to the citizens we serve , and to protect those who report them . We strongly encourage and support officers across the organization to feel safe and justified in reporting criminal behavior . ”
Now it appears federal authorities are interested in looking into Crystal 's allegations .
“ We 've actually been reached out to by the FBI and they want to speak to us about the situation because they understand how serious this is , ” Panteleakis said . “ They want to deal with the corruption in the Baltimore City Police Department . That 's what they told us . ”
“ The public is demanding that there 's an investigation that goes on and on and is thorough enough and transparent enough until we find out who 's behind these things , ” said Stokes .
Councilman Stokes says he does not believe the corruption involves a large number of officers .
Crystal 's lawyer says the outside lieutenants who questioned his client promise to interview others in the department and follow up . WJZ will keep pressing for answers on the investigation .
Crystal also met with Baltimore City 's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and discussed more recent incidents of harassment .
Other Local News :
“ Virus-like ” Particles & Hints of life
Whilst orbiting comet 67-P , Rosetta recently discovered organic particles in the dust cloud which surrounds the comet . Intriguingly , it was said by Prof Wickramasinghe from Cardiff University that these look just like “ Viral Particles ” .
That 's not all . The professor went on to say :
“ What we 're saying is that data coming from the comet seems to unequivocally , in my opinion , point to micro-organisms being involved in the formation of the icy structures , the preponderance of aromatic hydrocarbons , and the very dark surface . ”
“ These are not easily explained in terms of pre-biotic chemistry . ”
“ The dark material is being constantly replenished as it is boiled off by heat from the Sun . Something must be doing that at a fairly prolific rate . ”
So , what could this ‘ something ' be ?
Well , the short answer is we do n't know yet . We can have a pretty good guess as to what type of organism could be doing this , and that organism is pictured below :
No , it is not as scary as it looks . This is a tardigrade ( or water bear as it was originally called ) , which is a type of extremophile . An extremophile is an organism which thrives in ‘ extreme ' environments ; however this is is only ‘ extreme ' relative to us and known life .
The tardigrade is a great example and was discovered in 1773 by a German pastor Johann August Ephraim Goeze . These things can survive absolutely ridiculous conditions , and can survive quite happily in the vacuum of space .
So it may be the tardigrade , or another type of extremophile , which are responsible for the formation of the icy structures , the preponderance of the hydrocarbons , and the darker than usual comet surface .
All of the fingers point to some type of life .
Great . What now ?
Professor Wickramasinghe acknowledges the fact that if they can confirm ‘ life ' on this comet , then it will be a hard shift for the masses to believe that the solar system could be teeming with life , which could potentially point to intelligent life , but let 's not go there just yet .
“ Five hundred years ago it was a struggle to have people accept that the Earth was not the centre of the universe . After that revolution our thinking has remained Earth-centred in relation to life and biology . ”
“ It 's deeply ingrained in our scientific culture and it will take a lot of evidence to kick it over . ”
What do you think ? Does life exist elsewhere in our universe ?
[ yop_poll id= ” 2″ ]
Be sure to check out the facebook page !
Complicated Sibling Relationships
In celebration of National Sibling day , I wanted to take a look at the best and most dysfunctional sibling relationships currently on screen . Siblings select people that will know you throughout your life , for better or for worse . They know you without the filters you put on for the rest of the world , including your parents , because Hey , who cares what they think .
This naked exposure of your true self can make the sibling relationship one of the most complex . Outlying factors like personality traits , parental affections , home environment , outside influence can then make the relationship an unbreakable bond – or an unyielding chain .
Three very popular TV shows not only closely examine sibling relationships ; they also use them to drive the character arcs . TV is an ideal setting to examine such interactions as the long-form allows characters to develop and become multifaceted in the hands of skilled writers and actors . The Originals are a show in its second season centered on a 1000-year-old family and the long list of grievances and grudges acquired in that time . Supernatural , alternatively , is currently filming its eleventh season . It follows two brothers who have just come together as adults after a childhood of misunderstandings . And finally , everybody knows the Lannister family , and what they will do to each other for power .
The Mikaelson Clan
The Originals focus on a family that was granted ( or cursed ) with the gift of immortality . Created by their mother who could n't bear the loss of another child , and hated by their father for the unnatural creatures they became , the story and relationships of the children are an easy way to see how children are forever affected by their upbringing – even after a thousand years . The youngest son Klaus is unable to understand why his father hates him as a child . After years of trying to win his affection he finally learns he is the product of his mother 's affair . He reacts with violence and dismissal . As his father 's rage escalates in retaliation , Klaus flees the family land with two of his siblings , Elijah and Rebekah , who have been his only sympathizers .
A 1000 years later , abuse still affects Klaus , making him paranoid , vengeful and prone to fits of rage of his own . He is suspicious of his sibling 's affection , not only to him , but others as well . When directed toward him , he believes it must be to curry favor . When directed towards others , Klaus worries they will desert him and so endeavours to cut their ties to everyone else . As the most powerful of the three , he kills off their lovers and friends to isolate them from anyone but family . His love for his siblings is many times the very thing that drives them away , even as he continues to rely on them for his own salvation .
Many times , Elijah and Rebekah have abandoned Klaus to his machinations – only to come back to him when he needs them . They feel responsible for his anger because stood aside as their father abused and neglected him . Their love that is established at such a young age it only grows stronger in time . Elijah and Rebekah 's love for Klaus shows how in the end , siblings can forgive like no other because siblings understand them like none other .
The Winchestor Brothers
The Winchester brothers present the flipside of the dysfunctional Michaelson relationship . Though not very close as kids , the disappearance of their father brought them together as adults . What was supposed to be a short search for their father turned into a ten-year journey on the road , where they saved the world and themselves multiple times over . Sam and Dean have a very curious relationship because they are not similar at all . The only thing that ties them together is their share genealogy and yet they have both ‘ died ' ( Supernatural fans will know what I mean ) for each other multiple times .
Their perpetual cycle of sacrifice for each other is more motivated by selfishness than selflessness . At the beginning of the ninth season , we encounter a Sam who is very wounded from the demon trials of the previous season . He consciously undertook those trials know he would die at the end , because he wanted to atone his grievances with Dean . As he lay dying , Dean works hard to find someone to save Sam and succeeds . Sam 's anger is understandable , but so is Dean 's unwillingness to let go of the one person who knows him so completely .
Despite their differences , Sam and Dean are cut from the same cloth . They may not always agree with one another , but they understand each other completely . And that is what siblings can provide , an intimate knowledge of your temperament , your motivations . They know you , will forgive you , and will do anything to hold on to that dysfunctional relationship with you .
The Lannister 's Woes
Unless of course , you 're like the Lannisters . ( We 're not even touching Jaime and Cersei 's incestuous relationship with a yardstick . )
The Lannister 's relationship with each other showcases what happens when siblings have to compete with each other – for parental attention , for inheritance , for power . If you have always seen your sibling as someone in your way , you will develop a complicated rivalry with them . And because of the very reasons listed above , this rivalry can be one of the most bitter your entire life .
Advertisements
poster= '' https : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201610/164/1155968404_5176658239001_5176656534001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Kasich : Rigged election claims are like saying we never landed on the moon
Donald Trump 's claims of a rigged election against him are nothing but a gag , John Kasich said Wednesday , dismissing the Republican presidential nominee 's accusations as a “ big , fat joke . ”
The Ohio governor wrote off Trump 's unsubstantiated allegations that the presidential election is rigged as a silly but dangerous claim that 's about as ridiculous as the notion that the U.S. never landed on the moon .
Story Continued Below
“ No ! ” Kasich said emphatically when asked on “ CBS This Morning ” if the election is rigged .
“ Look , to say that elections are rigged and all these votes are stolen , that 's like saying we never landed on the moon , frankly . That 's how silly it is , ” added Kasich , who noted that his first statewide election was “ extremely close . ”
But it 's also dangerous rhetoric , he argued . “ I do n't think that 's good for our country , for our democracy , and I do n't believe that we have any massive fraud , ” Kasich said . “ One of my great friends here is the head of the board of elections . We do n't have that . That 's just a silly argument . The problem is it does create doubt in people 's minds , and I worry about 25 percent of Americans who may say when an election is over , it was stolen . That is a big , fat joke . ”
Kasich reiterated that he will vote for neither Trump nor Hillary Clinton in November but joked that Charlie Rose or Norah O'Donnell could end up on his ballot .
“ I do n't know what I 'm gon na do yet , ” he said . “ I might write your name in , Charlie . No , I think Norah . ”
CHARLOTTESVILLE , VA – Kids looking to party will try just about anything to get their hands on a bottle of booze , but 20-year-old University of Virginia student , Elizabeth Daly , had no idea she would be thrown in jail after buying some cookie dough , ice cream and bottled water .
The college student was buying groceries with her 2 roommates for a sorority fundraiser in Charlottesville . When the three girls got to Daly 's car in the parking lot Daly says seven people , in plain clothes , surrounded her car . One pulled a gun , another jumped on the hood of her car . They were flashing badges , but we 've all heard of police impersonators .
So , she tried turning the car on to roll her windows down . That 's when Daly says the group started yelling not to move and tried busting out her windows ! The three girls were , understandably , terrified . So Daly dialed 911 and tried getting the Hell out of Dodge . She stopped for an agent 's car with lights and sirens as she was pulling out of the lot . Once she was told the parking lot posse was actually a group of undercover agents with the Virginia Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control the poor girl apologized profusely .
She was still charged with two felonies and spent the night in jail .
The VABC found that the bottles in Daly 's bag were filled with water , not booze and the charges were dropped .
After an experience like that , the poor thing deserves a drink !
5 slain in violent weekend in SF
Five people were slain in San Francisco over a three day period . Five people were slain in San Francisco over a three day period . Photo : Getty Images / / Photo : Getty Images / / Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 5 slain in violent weekend in SF 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Five people were killed , a man was found dead under suspicious circumstances , and another man was clinging to life from a gunshot wound — a grisly three-day tally of violence that boiled over in San Francisco through the weekend .
A lone suspect was arrested in one of the killings , police said . The spate of attacks happened in neighborhoods around the city .
Police did not say if they believe any of the slayings are linked and investigators did not release a motive in any of the deaths .
The first killing happened at 4:30 a.m. on Friday near Polk and Ellis streets in the Tenderloin . The 24-year-old victim , who was not identified , was shot by an unknown assailant . Paramedics took the victim to San Francisco General Hospital , where he died .
That same day , 43-year-old Demetrius Jones was gunned down on the 900 block of Ellsworth Street near Interstate 280 , south of Bernal Heights . Jones was pronounced dead at a hospital from a gunshot wound .
On Saturday , shootings claimed the life of one man and left a 19-year-old man with life-threatening injuries .
The teenage victim was hit by gunfire at 2:05 p.m. on the 200 block of Hahn Street in Visitacion Valley . Two hours later , and only two blocks away from the Hahn Street shooting , 36-year-old San Francisco resident Giovanni Hernandez was shot and killed on Burr Avenue .
The weekend of violence was capped Sunday with three deaths .
Around 2:30 a.m. , two suspects in their late 20s opened fire on three men on Sixth and Bryant streets in the city 's South of Market neighborhood . All three victims were hit by gunfire and taken to San Francisco General Hospital , where one , an unnamed man in his 40s , died . The other victims , men in their mid-20s , were expected to survive .
Investigators are also working to determine how a 23-year-old man died on Chumasero Drive , a road connecting Brotherhood Way and Font Boulevard in the Parkmerced neighborhood , just north of San Francisco Golf Club . Police found his body around 4:20 a.m. and have called the death suspicious .
Later that day , a woman in her mid-60s was stabbed to death by a man on the 2600 block of California Street in the Lower Pacific Heights neighborhood . Police did not include details of the killing or a motive , but authorities said they arrested a 59-year-old suspect in the killing .
The suspected killer was not immediately named .
Evan Sernoffsky is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : esernoffsky @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ EvanSernoffsky
André Staltz Is your JavaScript function actually pure ?
What does “ pure function ” mean in the context of JavaScript ? In programming in general , purity is also known as “ referential transparency ” , a fancy way of saying “ replacing an expression or function call with its result will never change the behavior of the program ” or a way of saying “ every time you pass the same inputs , you always get the same outputs ” .
That sounds intuitive , and a function like x = > x * 10 looks pure because every single time you pass it the number 3 as argument you will get 30 as output . So how can we tell that one function is pure and the other is n't ? Is it enough that we just read the code ?
Let 's see what people think . Yesterday I launched a Twitter poll with the question “ Is this pure or impure ? ” with three options :
Pure
Impure
Not sure
For the following code .
function sum ( arr ) { var z = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arr . length ; i ++ ) { z += arr [ i ] ; } return z ; }
The results of the poll were :
A massive 74 % of people think it 's pure
18 % consider it impure
8 % are not sure
It 's understandable why most people think it 's pure : even though it uses mutation internally , given an array with values [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] as argument , you will always get 6 as output . Every . Single . Time .
But it 's also understandable why 18 % of people thought it was impure : the body of the function uses impure expressions and statements with side effects . After all , I asked “ Pure or impure ? ” , not “ is this function pure ? ” .
What 's surprising is that both camps are wrong . Those unsure 8 % were correct : it depends on runtime behavior . Just by reading the function , we can not be sure . In fact , the 18 % who think it 's impure are “ more correct ” than the 74 % percent that think it 's pure , because there are cases where sum is impure .
The code is deceitfully simple , and while we read it , as humans we naturally make assumptions . Here are a couple of assumptions that you made without probably realizing :
sum means this function will actually sum numbers ( why could n't it stand for Suppress Universal Macro ? )
means this function will actually sum numbers ( why could n't it stand for Suppress Universal Macro ? ) arr means “ array ” ( why could n't it mean “ arrow ” or “ arrivals ” ? )
means “ array ” ( why could n't it mean “ arrow ” or “ arrivals ” ? ) arr is actually an array
is actually an array arr is non-null , non-undefined
is non-null , non-undefined The elements in the array are numbers
The elements in the array do n't have their valueOf functions tampered with
Here 's the problem : all these assumptions may be broken , but the code above does n't tell you that . Here are a couple of ways we can break our function and make it impure :
sum ( ) ; // TypeError : Can not read property 'length ' of undefined
var arr = [ { } , { } , { } ] ; arr [ 0 ] . valueOf = arr [ 1 ] . valueOf = arr [ 2 ] . valueOf = Math . random ; sum ( arr ) ; // 2.393660612848899 sum ( arr ) ; // 2.3418339292845998 sum ( arr ) ; // 2.15048094452324 // Same input , different outputs !
Ok , so sum is impure .
Not so fast ! All JavaScript function s are actually “ procedures ” . A pure function is just a “ procedure ” that behaves Mathematical Function , the only true pure functions . So there is a difference between a function and a “ function ” . We can only say that “ my JavaScript function is behaving like a Mathematical Function in this case ” .
I 'm kind of assuming you know what I 'm talking about , but just to give a hint : a Mathematical Function is a relation defined over a set , mapping to another set . For instance we could say sum has to work only on arrays of numbers . Arrays of objects are not allowed .
So , back to JavaScript , function sum will behave like a Mathematical Function depending on how you use it . If this is your entire program :
function sum ( arr ) { var z = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arr . length ; i ++ ) { z += arr [ i ] ; } return z ; } var arr = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; var x = sum ( arr ) ; var y = sum ( arr ) ; var z = sum ( arr ) ; console . log ( x , y , z ) ;
Then , well , of course sum is pure ! It behaved like a Mathematical Function . Put it in another situation and it wo n't behave like a Mathematical Function .
So , the answer is : it depends . Which means : given any JavaScript function , most of the time you can not know if it is pure or impure just by reading the code . You need to know how that function is called and what are its arguments .
Remember our innocent x = > x * 10 ? Poor fellow . We ca n't even say that this one is pure either . Look at it behaving impurely :
var a = { } ; a . valueOf = Math . random ; var fn = x = > x * 10 ; fn ( a ) ; // 5.107926817373938 fn ( a ) ; // 3.4100775757245416 fn ( a ) ; // 5.1903831613695095 // Same input , different outputs !
Gosh ! Is there anything pure at all in JavaScript ? Another comment you could toss at me is : “ it does n't matter because in practice we wo n't hit these funky corner cases you just made up ” . Indeed , we wo n't have valueOf tampered to be Math.random .
Until… one day we do . You know those very hairy bugs you fight against sometimes ? You even consider that maybe this JavaScript has black magic behind it . It 's cursed . Something mystical is going on . Those mystical cases usually occur because something very corner-casey happened , which you did n't predict could happen . Yeah , now it feels familiar , right ?
So , are we cursed ? x = > x * 10 is so cute and easy to use , but it 's also not pure always . Is there anything pure in JavaScript ? Is purity in JavaScript even possible ? Is JavaScript entirely impure ?
Well , no . Here 's how we can make sum behave like a Mathematical Function every single time :
function sum ( arr ) { if ( ! arr ) return void 0 ; if ( typeof arr ! == 'object ' ) return void 0 ; if ( ! Array . isArray ( arr ) ) return void 0 ; var z = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arr . length ; i ++ ) { if ( typeof arr [ i ] ! == 'number ' ) { return void 0 ; } z += arr [ i ] ; } return z ; }
What if someone tampered with Array.isArray ?
Array . isArray = ( arr ) = > Math . random ( ) < 0.5 ;
Ok , wait a minute :
function sum ( arr ) { if ( ! arr ) return void 0 ; if ( typeof arr ! == 'object ' ) return void 0 ; + if ( Array.isArray.toString ( ) ! == 'function isArray ( ) { [ native code ] } ' ) { + return void 0 ; + } if ( ! Array.isArray ( arr ) ) return void 0 ; var z = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arr.length ; i++ ) { if ( typeof arr [ i ] ! == 'number ' ) { return void 0 ; } z += arr [ i ] ; } return z ; }
To make it pure , we basically listed all the assumptions we had about the input . By the way , I still feel uneasy that someone will find a clever way to break my “ pure ” sum . Listing the assumptions is tedious and makes the code harder to read . Probably you have written code like this for common inputs that are invalid . But just like I felt uneasy , so should you . Are you sure you covered all corner cases and possible situations ? Does it always behave like a Mathematical Function ?
Here 's how functional programming languages are pure : they make it easy to list the assumptions about your function .
In TypeScript , we can write our assumptions in the signature :
function sum ( arr : Array < number > ) : number
The function body is the same as in JavaScript :
function sum ( arr : Array < number > ) : number { var z = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arr . length ; i ++ ) { z += arr [ i ] ; } return z ; }
If you try to use that function with :
sum ( ) ;
It wo n't even compile ! So it means your program wo n't even “ behave ” in the first place . Also this wo n't compile :
var arr = [ { } , { } , { } ] ; arr [ 0 ] . valueOf = arr [ 1 ] . valueOf = arr [ 2 ] . valueOf = Math . random ; sum ( arr ) ; sum ( arr ) ; sum ( arr ) ;
However , the clever readers will see that my TypeScript sum can break too :
sum ( null ) ;
Compiles with success , but gives the runtime error “ TypeError : Can not read property ‘ length ' of null ” . That 's because TypeScript pre-v2.0 accepts that Array < number > includes null too . Even if we use TypeScript v2.1 , we can trick TypeScript with type casting :
var arr = [ { } , { } , { } ] as Array < number > ; // trust me , compiler ! arr [ 0 ] . valueOf = arr [ 1 ] . valueOf = arr [ 2 ] . valueOf = Math . random ; sum ( arr ) ; // 2.393660612848899 sum ( arr ) ; // 2.3418339292845998 sum ( arr ) ; // 2.15048094452324
Which compiles but gives different outputs for sum ( arr ) .
So , is TypeScript doomed too ? Well , kind of yes , but much less doomed than JavaScript is . TypeScript typings add assumptions to your code so it will catch more corner cases than you would typically catch when writing naive code . So , I like TypeScript . It helps me feel a bit less uneasy .
Can we really be sure if a function is pure just by reading it ? Well , in an actual functional programming language like PureScript or Haskell we can :
sum : : [ Int ] - > Int sum = foldl ( + ) 0
If you do n't understand the syntax , here 's the important part : [ Int ] - > Int . It means it 's a function that takes a list of Int and returns just an Int . The list can not be undefined , can not be null . And I do n't think you can tamper with the numbers like you can in JavaScript . And there 's a whole lot of assumptions embedded into Int . It 's a type that satisfies many typeclasses : Num ( it 's a number ) , Ord ( the integers can be ordered ) , Eq ( the integers can be === compared ) , Show ( we can make a human readable format for integers ) , etc . All those assumptions catch a lot of corner cases . Maybe there are a few runtime errors and unsafe operations in Haskell , but the point is it 's damn good at making code behave like a Mathematical Function .
CONCLUSION
Ok , so Haskell functions are pure , and you can know that just by reading the code . But is n't the title of this article about JavaScript ?
I 've been thinking about purity in JavaScript for a while , because recently I 've had a discussion with people about “ is RxJS scan operator pure ? ” and I was defending that it is pure . I was wrong . Actually , I was n't . It depends . If used outside of the context of higher-order Observables , like it is in Elm ( an actual functional programming language , in the league of Haskell and PureScript ) , then it is pure . It behaves like a Mathematical Function . But , if you use scan in higher-order Observables , there is a lot of possibility it wo n't behave like a Mathematical Function .
Why does this all matter ? Because I hope we can start shifting our discussions from “ is this pure ? ” to
“ Does this function behave like a Mathematical Function in all the situations I will encounter in my code ? ”
I know it 's a longer sentence . I know it 's hard to find the answer in most cases . However it 's the only thing we can do about purity in JavaScript . We can not look at code and declare that it 's pure . We would miss a lot of unchecked assumptions . Let 's talk about “ behaves like Math in this particular situation ” instead .
My mother tongue Portuguese would be very convenient right now to express two different flavors of “ is ” : a função não é pura , a função está pura . English : “ the function is not pure , the function is [ currently being ] pure ” .
If you liked this article , consider sharing ( tweeting ) it to your followers .
Copyright ( C ) 2016 Andre 'Staltz ' Medeiros , licensed under Creative Commons BY-NC 4.0 , translations to other languages allowed . You can make sure that the author wrote this post by copy-pasting this signature into this Keybase page .
Artist De La Soul
Album And The Anonymous Nobody
Year 2016
Album DR 09
Min . track DR 07
Max . track DR 15
Track DR 12 07 08 08 07 11 08 09 09 10 08 08 08 09 15 08 07 ( might not be in original order )
Codec Uncompressed PCM ( WAV )
Source CD
Label A.O.I .
Label code
Catalog number AOI001CD
Bar code 5 060454 942436
Country Japan
Comment
Log -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Analyzed folder : D : \My Documents\FLAC Music\De La Soul\ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- DR Peak RMS Filename -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- DR12 -1.44 dB -18.40 dB CD Track 01.wav DR7 -0.01 dB -8.81 dB CD Track 02.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -9.24 dB CD Track 03.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -9.80 dB CD Track 04.wav DR7 -0.01 dB -9.30 dB CD Track 05.wav DR11 -0.01 dB -12.48 dB CD Track 06.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -10.28 dB CD Track 07.wav DR9 -0.01 dB -11.09 dB CD Track 08.wav DR9 -0.01 dB -11.71 dB CD Track 09.wav DR10 -0.01 dB -12.60 dB CD Track 10.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -9.39 dB CD Track 11.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -12.40 dB CD Track 12.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -9.43 dB CD Track 13.wav DR9 -0.01 dB -10.76 dB CD Track 14.wav DR15 -1.01 dB -20.37 dB CD Track 15.wav DR8 -0.01 dB -10.37 dB CD Track 16.wav DR7 -0.01 dB -9.47 dB CD Track 17.wav -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Number of files : 17 Official DR value : DR9 ==============================================================================================
( FROM GOOGLE WAREHOUSE DESCRIPTION ) Superdestroyer Apocalypse-Class Mark II . HMS Leviathan - Space Carrier Nuclear Vessel - 207 . Commander : Secundus Capt . Arcturus Gideon of the IX Imperial Phalanx . Armament : 12.6 GW Laser Pulse Cannon , 2x 450 MW Laser Pulse Cannon , 6x 350 MW Laser Pulse Cannon , 12x 8 Barrel Plasma Bolt Cannon , 33x 50 MW Laser Pulse Turrets , 30x Phallanx Missile Launchers , 72x KEW/Torpedo Launchers . Shields : 4x Gharmeth-Priuss EME-DF22 1500py ( 250,000x3J ) Power Plant : 2x Helium 3 Fusion Rolls-Royce Ionized Plasma Stream Engines , 12x Chemical afterburners , Bussard Ramjet , ECKERLY-BENSON Inertia-less Drive . Capacity : 25x Cobra-Class Gunships , 34x ASF66 H-Wing Starfighters , 22x APC Raven troop transports , 6x AHC heavy Carriers , 12x AAC Raptor-class Destroyers , 2x GH-10 Imperial transports . Crew : 3600 , Officers : 176 , Imperial Attache and Political Officers : 23 , Imperial Marines ShockTroopers : 1500.Superdestroyers of the Imperial Fleet : HMS Chimera , HMS Jörmungandr , HMS Hydra , HMS Behemonth , HMS Juggernaut , HMS Kraken ( Destroyed by the Zidrii ) , HMS Fenrir , HMS Orochi , HMS Jötnar , HMS Manticore , HMS Gorgon , HMS Grendel ( Lost in Hyperspace ) , HMS Colossus and the HMS Balrog ( HMS Golem under construction ) .ORIGINAL MESH BY KATASEMost textures provided by Just about finished with the texturing and working on the lights .
Human Rights Watch has accused the Saudi-led coalition of war crimes following an airstrike on a funeral in Yemen , which left at least 110 dead and over 600 wounded . The watchdog has also lambasted the US and the UK for supplying weapons to the Saudis .
On October 8 , at least two air-dropped munitions penetrated the roof of a hall containing over 1,000 mourners , killing at least 110 people and wounding 610 during the funeral ceremony of Ali al-Rawishan , the father of the Sana ' a-based administration 's interior minister , Jalal al-Rawishan .
“ A Saudi Arabia-led coalition airstrike on a crowded funeral ceremony in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , on October 8 , 2016 , is an apparent war crime , ” Human Rights Watch said , calling the strike `` unlawfully disproportionate . ”
After interviewing survivors of the tragedy and examining information relating to the strike , the HRW concluded that Saudi strike was a deliberate action – first of all , because the funeral service , which was attended by over 1,000 mourners , has been made public ahead of time via a Facebook post .
Read more
“ Serious violations of the laws of war committed willfully – that is , intentionally or recklessly – are war crimes . The date and place of the funeral ceremony was announced on Jalal al-Rawishan 's Facebook page on October 7 , and would have been publicly available , ” HRW said .
While acknowledging that some military personnel , which included Houthi rebels , had been attending the ceremony , the “ clear presence ” of hundreds of civilians , the NGO argued , is enough to declare the strike a war crime .
“ Under the laws of war , an attack is unlawfully disproportionate if it may be expected to cause incidental loss of civilian life or damage to civilian structures that would be excessive in relation to the concrete and direct military advantage anticipated from the attack . Only military personnel and civilian officials involved in military operations against the coalition would be considered legitimate targets , ” HRW explained .
While calling for an impartial probe into the funeral strike and other similar incidents , the New York-based organization expressed a strong doubt that the Saudis and their Western allies in the region would conduct an honest investigation into the tragedy .
“ After unlawfully attacking schools , markets , hospitals , weddings , and homes over the last 19 months , the Saudi-led coalition has now added a funeral to its ever-increasing list of abuses , ” said Sarah Leah Whitson , the Middle East and North Africa director . “ An independent international investigation of this atrocity is needed as the coalition has shown its unwillingness to uphold its legal obligations to credibly investigate . ”
The NGO noted that coalition sources initially denied responsibility for the attack , but later vowed to investigate the incident with the aid of the US . The UK has also reportedly requested that it participate in the investigation . The coalition announced that a Joint Incidents Assessment Team ( JIAT ) would handle the matter .
“ However , the coalition has not conducted previous investigations impartially or transparently , nor publicly carried out prosecutions for alleged war crimes , or provided redress for victims , ” HRW stressed . “ JIAT has not met international standards for transparency , credibility , and impartiality , and the Saudi-led coalition should not only investigate but cooperate with UN investigations into the incident . ”
‘ Zero accountability ' : UN human rights boss repeats call for investigation into # Yemen war crimes https : //t.co/iKqa0WeIozpic.twitter.com/SkCjetLjHC — RT ( @ RT_com ) October 10 , 2016
At the same time , the HRW noted that Saudi Arabia , which is a member of the Human Rights Council has previously used its position “ to obstruct efforts to establish an international inquiry into ongoing violations in Yemen. ” Therefore Riyadh has “ no place on the UN body , ” Human Rights Watch added .
Read more
In addition to the Saudis , HRW found the United States and the United Kingdom indirectly complicit in the deaths of civilians in the strike and the overall severity of casualties in the 19-month long civil war in Yemen .
Since the beginning of the Saudi-led air campaign in Yemen which began on March 26 , 2015 , the Saudi coalition , with direct military support from the US and assistance from the UK , according to HRW 's record , conducted at least 58 “ unlawful airstrikes , ” with other human rights organizations and the UN having documented dozens more .
At least 4,125 civilians had been killed and 7,207 wounded in Yemen between March 2015 and October 2016 , according to OHCHR , with the majority of casualties coming from coalition airstrikes . Overall more than 10,000 people , including combatants , have been killed in the same time frame , according to the UN figures .
In light of such a heavy civilian casualty toll the NGO called on the US , the UK States , and other governments to “ immediately ” suspend arms sales to Saudi Arabia after the Human Rights Watch “ identified '' the munition used in the attack on the funeral as a “ US-manufactured air-dropped GBU-12 Paveway II 500-pound laser-guided bomb . ”
Read more
Human Rights Watch has repeatedly criticized the coalition 's use of US and UK-produced weapons , including cluster munition in Yemen . Yet despite calls by US officials to review its support for its Middle Eastern ally , the NGO noted that US continues to sell arms to Saudi Arabia , approving more than $ 20 billion in military sales in 2015 alone .
Three US arms sales in 2015 and 2016 , worth nearly $ 3 billion , were used to “ replenish ” Saudi firepower in Yemen , HRW claims . In addition to the US , HRW blames the UK government of approving £2.8 billion ( $ 3.4bn ) in military sales to Saudi Arabia in 2015 .
The US , besides arms sales , has been focusing its engagement in Yemen on intelligence sharing , reconnaissance and aerial refueling of Saudi-led coalition jets .
That , however , changed on Wednesday , after President Barack Obama authorized so-called “ limited self-defense strikes ” which marked the first direct US military engagement in Yemen . Using alleged attacks by Houthi rebels on US destroyers off the coast of Yemen as a casus belli , the Pentagon vowed to protect US personnel , vessels and the “ freedom of navigation in this important maritime passageway . ”
READ MORE : Iranian warships deployed off Yemen coast after US bombs Houthi targets
BUTLER , Ohio ( ) -- At least 20 people were administered Narcan to treat overdose symptoms Saturday at a music festival in Ohio , The Richland County Sheriff 's Department has confirmed .
An unidentified man threw aluminum packets filled with a substance that appeared to be candy to festival patrons , according to officials . Roughly an hour later the first person experiencing overdose symptoms came to medics and law enforcement for help .
As more patrons came for help the packets were discovered to be a common ingredient , according to officials . Richland County Sheriff 's Major Joe Masi said the camp owners and event promoters began urging people to turn the packets in and keep watch for anyone struggling with overdose symptoms .
The packets that were turned in were taken to a lab for for testing . They are being investigated as an opiate and were labeled as nerds . The METRICH drug task force is assisting in the investigation .
All those affected were treated with Narcan and taken to Ohio Health MedCentral Mansfield for further evaluation . Additional EMS units were called to the site .
The event , nicknamed The Last Weekend on Earth , has not been cancelled . Cleveland artist Machine Gun Kelly is the headliner .
Big news , everybody : The Men 's Rights Movement HAS WON !
In a video posted earlier today Paul Elam , the biggest ego name in the small world of the Men 's Rights movement , congratulated his troops for a MISSION ACCOMPLISHED !
And then he announced that he was quitting the Men 's Rights movement altogether .
We 'll get to that in a moment . For now , let 's let him savor his GIANT WIN . In the video , he explains that :
for the past seven years , I have put quite a bit of effort into A Voice for Men , a Men 's Rights Activist website . That time has been electrifying , stressful , satisfying , and at times pretty brutal . The mission there , to facilitate the entrance of men 's issues into the public discourse , has been successful .
( Emphasis mine . )
It 's true . AVFM has gotten the Men 's Rights movement some attention , much in the same way that this small child has drawn attention to his , er , cause .
While Elam acknowledges that “ we have light years to go on men 's issues being addressed , ” he pats himself and his comrades on the back for “ play [ ing ] a big role in kickstarting the conversation . ”
Congratulations , dudes . You pestered people until they noticed you .
For that , I 'm quite proud and very grateful to the team of volunteers who played a huge role in making that happen . That team will continue the work into the future , even as I will be less directly involved in the process .
Elam will now be describing himself as AVFM 's “ figurehead and founder. ” And a “ former MRA . ”
I doublechecked , and it 's not April Fool 's day , so apparently Elam 's flounce is real .
But do n't see this as Elam giving up as journalists stop calling him and his once-notorious website slides further into oblivion .
No ! This is something he 's been really “ looking forward to , ” as he 'll now be able to spend more time yelling about women on YouTube .
Sorry , I mean counseling men for money as part of his exciting new — well , not that new — project “ A Near For Men . ”
Sorry , “ An Ear for Men . ”
His slogan : “ The Penis In Your Hand . ”
Sorry : “ The Pen Is In Your Hand . ”
For some reason his new counseling service requires that he spend a lot of his time yelling about women in YouTube videos . Recent offerings on his An Ear For Men channel include :
Toxic Femininity and Relationship Violence
7 Ways to Screen Out Loser Women
Problem Women
Teach a Woman to be Accountable in 5 Steps
Talk About Women — Even When it Offends
Elam will be financing this venture by offering $ 90 an hour “ consultations ” on Skype . ( No , really . ) And through his Patreon .
Huh . Seems like his Patreon is off to a bit of a slow start .
I 'm sure things will pick up .
Godspeed , Paul . We wo n't miss you .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Hundreds of civilians flee villages outside Mosul the day after Iraqi Kurdish forces launched an operation east of Islamic State-held Mosul on Monday , Aug. 15 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/Susannah George )
In an age when democracies prefer not to appoint professional soldiers as their defence ministers ( on Clemenceau 's principle that “ war is too important to be left to the generals ” ) , retired Lt.-Col. Harjit Sajjan is beginning to look like a good choice for the job .
That he speaks his mind has been obvious for some time ; there have been a few hints of differences of opinion between him and some of his colleagues over Canada 's military role in the world . He 's been very forthright about the challenges involved in Canada 's quest for a ‘ peacekeeping ' role . “ Even using the terminology of peacekeeping is not valid at this time , ” he said recently . That comment by itself was a service to this country , whether Canadians want to believe it or not .
And if you choose as your minister of defence a professional with , among other things , three tours of Afghanistan under his belt , it 's usually a good idea to listen to him . This week , Sajjan has come up with some numbers for the type of force that might be deployable on a projected ‘ peace support ' mission , but the Trudeau government still has to name an objective .
That may be just as well , because events of the past week in northern Iraq are making it much more likely that the objective might have to be somewhere that Canadian troops already are — around Mosul . And that could pose more problems for the government than anyone anticipates .
ISIL is falling apart . That may sound like wishful thinking , and the statement itself says nothing about whether or how it might re-emerge or reconfigure itself , but it 's losing ground militarily both in Iraq and in Syria and is beginning to lose whatever cohesion it once had as a presumptive state actor .
Military turnarounds often happen quickly in history . On June 22 , 1941 , when Hitler invaded the Soviet Union , he was seen to be winning . Exactly three years later , when the Soviet operation called ‘ The Destruction of Army Group Centre ' got underway , it was clear that Germany was losing , though no one would have predicted a timeframe for its fall . With ISIL , in the past six months analysts have moved from extreme caution ( “ The Islamic State is far from defeated ” — Stratfor , March 7 ) to qualified optimism ( “ Under attack on multiple fronts , the Islamic State is quickly losing ground ” — Stratfor , August 12 ) .
Our big problem is that , inadvertently or not , we have taken sides in an ongoing regional conflict . Our big problem is that , inadvertently or not , we have taken sides in an ongoing regional conflict .
Also , its controlling core is beginning to leak . On August 16 , Foreign Policy published a breakthrough piece of journalism by the reputable Dubai journalist team of Jenan Moussa and Harald Doornbos — a lengthy and penetrating interview with an ISIL insider who ( incredibly ) remains in place . ISIL troop strengths are notoriously hard to come by , but they seem to be decreasing even as small-group terrorist strikes in the region increase .
Mosul , which ISIL took in June 2014 when it first burst out of obscurity , is now looking more and more like one of their last bastions , and it may come under direct attack in the not-too-distant future . Analysts had been citing ‘ sometime in 2017 ' as a target for Mosul 's capture , but with local successes in the area and farther south , the pace may accelerate .
Mosul is a major city with an estimated civilian population of a million still in it — people who are prevented from leaving by its occupiers and face the combined forces of Iraqis , Kurds and Shi ' a militias . Refugee camps near the city are already jammed .
It would seem well suited to a Canadian humanitarian endeavour — but there are several problems with that idea .
Whether the fall of Mosul is accomplished by a fast , violent assault ( and “ fast ” is a very relative term in these conditions ) or by slow siege ( which implies starvation before assault ) , civilian casualties are likely to be horrific . There 's little a humanitarian effort could accomplish in a last-ditch defence ( though the UN agencies are at least attempting to create a relief structure ) — but even that is not Canada 's big problem .
Our big problem is that , inadvertently or not , we have taken sides in an ongoing regional conflict . Canada has been working with a Kurdish faction , under the fig-leaf ( which the whole Coalition adopts ) of supporting the Iraqi government in Baghdad . The reckoning in Ottawa as recently as mid-May was that our direct involvement in a training and mentoring role with the Kurds would be safe enough because they were judged unlikely to take part in an attack on Mosul itself . “ The Kurds are the wrong flavour for Mosul , ” one source said at the time . But that reckoning may have to change .
It has become increasingly clear that the centuries-old ethnic status quo in northern Iraq and Mosul has been erased . Even as Mosul falls , its status will be disputed among all actors — local , regional and global — while the Kurdish struggle for independence , with its own built-in factionalisms , emerges into a stronger light .
At that point , Canada becomes politically involved whether we want to be or not — unless we simply decide to say goodbye to the Kurds with whom we have been working . But that would present its own difficulties , since as long as the Coalition remains involved , and Canada remains part of the Coalition , there will be no comfortable exit ramp .
Ottawa might wish to keep its hand on the forces identified by Sajjan on his African swing . It may need them somewhere else .
The views , opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author 's alone . They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views , opinions and/or positions of iPolitics .
Syfy has officially acquired Wynonna Earp , a 13-episode Canadian drama series based on the IDW Publishing comic created by Beau Smith . Melanie Scrofano ( Damien , Gangland Undercover ) is set to star as Wynonna , Tim Rozon ( Being Human , Instant Star ) will play legendary con artist Doc Holliday , and Shamier Anderson ( Defiance , Constantine ) plays the mysterious Agent Dolls . Emily Andras ( Lost Girl , Killjoys ) is developing the series for television and will serve as executive producer and showrunner .
From Seven24Films and IDW Entertainment , Wynonna Earp is described as “ Justified meets Buffy The Vampire Slayer ” if Buffy could hold her whiskey and only wore cowboy boots. ” A modern supernatural Western , it follows Wyatt Earp 's great granddaughter as she battles demons and other supernatural beings and uses her unique abilities and a dysfunctional posse of allies to bring the paranormal to justice . The series , set to start production in September in Calgary , is scheduled to premiere in April 2016 .
Jordy Randall and Tom Cox are executive producing with Andras . Paolo Barzman will direct the pilot episode .
Andras is repped by The Alpern Group ; Scrofano is repped by Ambition Talent and Insight Entertainment . Anderson , whose feature credits include Bravetown and Race , is repped by Patterson Talent Management and Industry Entertainment ; and Rozon is repped by Edna Talent Management .
Leaving Corje with their wagon the mages of the cabal of eight stumbled into the tavern half of Farmers ' Cross Lodge through the saloon doors from under the covered porch outside . The place was busy but not overcrowded mostly farmers , grain traders , and produce sellers . The ceiling was high ; the entire log and timber structure of the lodge was three stories , the tavern ceiling reached all the way up past a long balcony on the second . The blue smoke that clouded there from the mass of pipes below concealed the timber ceiling . Scattered beams of light shone from various small square windows . Along the walls , the dusty preserved heads of pronghorn , wild bulls , and a few lions hung . Between those trophies dangled the hunting horns of lost hunters .
The bar was at the rear of the place behind it were massive hogshead-barrels half-built into the rear wall . Therefore the gang of adventurers/would-be assassins took an empty table nearest the east wall . Excor ( played by Cris ) led because he wanted to keep his back to a wall . A waitress approached the table . She was a well-fed country girl and awesomely attractive ( very high BEA and CHA ) . So Gornix ( played by Gil ) made multiple attempts at seduction and failed every single one to the amusement of Szoo ( played by Isis ) and Fauna ( played by Jenn ) .
The mages ordered an entire roast pig , a cask worth of ale , and a bottle of Breadbasket whiskey . A virtual feast was laid bare before them and they partook of it vigorously , especially Szoo . Not long after did a stranger of note stride heavily into the tavern .
Those heavy steps belonged to an Ivoran Knight shaking off the dust of the road . At his right hip was a straight bladed longsword , a black mace dangling on the other . He wore a full chainmail suit covered by a checkered surcoat . The knight removed his steel great helm and a gush of dirty sweat dumped onto the floor . Atop the black helm was a carved wood swan painted white . His face was perfect , unmarked by blade or talon , and beautiful framed by long blonde hair . If he was Hyvalian then he was from its farthest northern borders .
Cris ( Excor 's player ) : “ Lem me guess . So that guy 's with Hufom . ”
Gil ( completely lacking sarcasm ) : “ You think so ? ”
Cris : “ Pfft ! Jes ' look at ‘ em ! C'mon ! I pass the barmaid a gold coin for some info on tha ' stranger . ”
The barmaid tells Excor that the Ivoran knight 's a foreign knight , probably Hyvalian , of some renown . He 's the White Swan of the Twin Swans , his brother being the black . They have quite a reputation as marshals of the prairies and guardians of travelers in the Breadbasket and Ezmeria . They 're also serving as the personal bodyguards of the Landsmen 's Representative headed to Ezmer city .
Meanwhile the knight approached the bar ; the trembling bartender passed him a mug of ale free of charge .
Isis : “ Yup . That 's one of them alright ! ”
Gornix immediately stood up and invited the weary knight to eat with him and his companions . The White Swan graciously accepted introducing himself as Sir Illin . After the player jeers and chants of “ Sir Illin be chillin ' at the bar ” subsided , he took a seat at their table and immediately began stuffing his face and gulping down lakes of ale .
Sir Illin turned out to be an amicable guy . He cracked a couple of jokes , charmed Fauna , and even got on the good side of Szoosha . At first , the black-scale naga was more than a little wary of their guest-soon-to-be-enemy . Apparently , Illin was sent ahead of the caravan which consisted of his brother , 3 armored wagons , and 10-horsed guards from the Yellow Spear security outfit .
At that , Excor told the knight about their encounter with a blue dragon on the road not far from this very place using his best manners . Sir Illin waved away his concerns and did not seem to care a lick about social protocol . Regardless he thanked Excor for the skinny on the dragon and as long as they had their own wagon anyway , invited the mages to travel with the caravan . They seemed all right to him ( he could n't sense any evil from them anyway ) . Besides he and his brother had faced dragons before and come out unscathed . Granted they have always been Whers , not a particularly strong sort of dragon but not weak either .
Excor : “ So . Tell me my friend , what 's the purpose of your caravan ? ”
Sir Illin : “ Just escortin ' a politician but do n't worry about that . There 's drinkin ' to be done ! ”
After quaffing a full mug of ale , Sir Illin bragged about the speed and power of his warhorse . But the mages did not catch its name . However , the heroic amounts of booze and food began to loosen his tongue and he regaled them with his past adventures . This and as he took a liking to Gornix so he let them in on a little secret . His brother was the stickler for the law of the pair but he , the white swan , was the truncheon of justice .
One time his brother let a known criminal go just because he was “ starving “ . His excuse as to why he stole that loaf of bread in the first place . So after his brother rode off he circled back around and laid the man 's head open with his mace just like that scum deserved . He burst into uproarious laughter . The mages shrank into their seats .
After an hour or so , the White Swan excused himself and went to procure room and board . The night was almost upon the four mages before they knew it . Hence Excor and Szoo went to procure rooms , a wide doorway opened up in the west wall to allow entry from the tavern into the reception area . Excor got a room for the night for himself , a tiny room in the northeast corner of the second floor . Szoo paid for a room for both himself and Fauna on the second floor as well . Gornix and Fauna meanwhile were pounding down whiskey and ale in the tavern . Szoo had rejoined them only long enough to give them the room number and then retired for the night .
Later the place was beginning to empty save for a few armed guards in studded leather taking a break from the ramparts . As a result of the late hour the servers had all been dismissed and a new younger bar-back was slinging drinks . Suddenly the saloon doors burst open and in stepped a stranger dressed in vibrant blue .
Jenn : “ Aw crap . ”
This stranger wore blue robes with black and silver embroidery , a billowing blue cloak with a silver clasp , and a scimitar and curved dagger at his hips . Silver-wire wrapped the grips of each weapon and large sapphire pommel-stones glittered . On his feet were purple velvet shoes with gold tracery . Behind him hobbled into the tavern a bent and hideously pathetic creature .
The unfortunate man was a disagreeable mix of naga , human , and faun . Patches of alternating scaly skin , hairy hide , and bare human flesh covered the visible portions of his twisted body . His fingernails twisted into mostly useless talons , one of his feet was a hoof , a tail protruded from his rear , and his misshapen head appeared as if horns would burst any moment from that clammy forehead . Over one shoulder swelled a large hump .
The hunchback led his master to the bar , tossed a heavy red leather sack of coins onto the board , and ordered a meal .
The Blue Stranger ( smacking the hunchback about the head ) : “ No Onions you fool ! ”
After he was served and as the hunchback looked hungrily on , the Blue Stranger gorged himself .
The Hunchback : “ Master ! I 'm sooo hungry ! ”
The Blue Stranger : “ Shut up . You will eat when I say . Besides , do you want to make these good people sick should they see you stuffing that thing you call a face ! ”
Jenn : “ I really hope he 's the dragon in disguise . I really hate that guy ! ”
Gornix , very drunk , stumbled up to the Blue Stranger and sat next to him . The hunchback hissed and put his claw on the handle of his dagger . The lotus mage engaged the stranger in small talk and then began to try to glean some information from him . However , the tables quickly turned and Gornix gave away that he and his companions , he named each , were going to travel to Ezmer with a caravan that was to arrive probably tomorrow with the Twin Swans . Realizing what he had done Gornix immediately walked away at as a fast as pace as he could manage with Fauna following shortly thereafter .
The Blue Stranger ( after Gornix ) : “ I hope you and your friends will join me for breakfast ! ”
Cris ( scowling at Gil ) : “ What did you do ! ? ”
To Be Continued…
Share this : Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Pinterest
Spread the love
Well , it 's the Nobel season , and I 've been passed over yet again . Instead , one of the science prizes has gone to a guy named Kip Thorne . Kazuo Ishiguro has won the Nobel Prize for Literature — delighting my friend and colleague Van Gessel , who knows something about such matters . And the Nobel Peace Prize has been given to a group that , as my former student Nate Oman pointed out yesterday , has persuaded “ Thailand , the Vatican , and Guyana ( and no one else ) to ratify a treaty banning nuclear weapons . ”
Nonetheless , undaunted by such snubs and disappointments , I press forward with my little writing projects .
Here , I continue with my portrait of the values of pre-Islamic Arabia :
As in the case of Shanfara , the devotion to one 's oath among these ancient Arabians is strik­ing . They were a people who saw words themselves as sacred , as containing a power of their own , independent of the intentions of those who uttered them . Such a notion was n't uncommon among pre-modern peoples . ( We ourselves still speak of “ casting a spell , ” an expression that seems to reflect a similar past belief in the literal power of words themselves . ) The story of Isaac 's bless­ing of Jacob , which could n't be undone even though it was given to the wrong person , illustrates this . [ 1 ] So , too , does the story of Zoram in 1 Nephi . Zoram had every reason to be afraid of Nephi and his brothers : They had killed his master , had “ stolen ” the brass plates , had lured him beyond the city walls after dark , and were going about in disguise . And they , in their turn , had good reason to mistrust him . Had he not been the trusted servant of the evil Laban ? Might he not escape and inform the authorities of their activities ? Were n't the people of Jerusalem already seeking to kill Lehi ? The obvious course would have been to kill him on the spot in order to prevent him from escaping or , at least , to bind him hand and foot and never let him out of their sight . But Zoram , after hearing their explanation of what they had done , and after hearing Nephi swear an oath that he could go with them and be a free man like themselves , swore an oath , himself , that he would stay with them and not attempt to flee . So confident were they that he would hold his word sacred , Nephi later recorded , “ that when Zoram had made an oath unto us , our fears did cease concerning him. ” [ 2 ]
The ancient Hebrews took the notion of keep­ing one 's solemn oath so seriously that it was included in the requirements for admission to the temple-shrine of God .
Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord ? or who shall stand in his holy place ? He that hath clean hands , and a pure heart ; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity , nor sworn deceitfully . [ 3 ]
Another list , even more complete , of those who “ shall dwell in [ the ] tabernacle [ and ] . . . in the holy hill ” identifies among them “ he that sweareth to his own hurt , and changeth not. ” That is , whoever has made an oath when it seemed easy to carry out and then , later , discovers that fulfilling it will cost him substantially more than he had anticipated , or cause him pain , or put him at risk , but who still abides by his promise , will be admitted to the Lord 's temple . Implicitly , too , that person of integrity will be admitted to the Lord 's presence in the life to come , which is what the temple symbolizes . ( Another of the catego­ries of people who are to be admitted to the temple is described here as “ he that putteth not out his money to usury. ” This principle as it relates to Islam will be discussed in a later chapter . ) [ 4 ]
Another feature of the story of Samawal that 's worthy of note is his remarkable devotion to his guest , to the extent that he 'll sacrifice his son rather than yield up the armor that his guest had entrusted to him . This , too , has its analogy in the rather horrifying story of Lot and his angelic visitors , told in the nineteenth chapter of Genesis . Lot , it will be recalled , offered his two daughters for the abuse of the men of Sodom , rather than allowing his two guests—whom he apparently did n't know to be angels—to be abused while under his protection . It should n't be thought that Lot made this offer ( which , fortunately , was n't accepted by the Sodomites ) out of a lack of respect for women or some such motive . That would be to read twenty-first-century concerns back into a very ancient story . The real reason was the sacredness , as the ancient Semites saw it , of the relationship between host and guest . The host should allow nothing bad to happen to his guests , no matter what it cost him to ensure their safety and security . This relationship even overcame the traditional demands of vengeance : One story from pre-Islamic Arabia tells of a man who had vowed to avenge the murder of his son and then , to his shock , discovered that a man he had accepted as his guest was , in fact , his son 's murderer . He took no action against the man , although the man did not realize who his host was and that he was completely within the power of that host . Instead , the host declared , he would wait until the murderer had left his castle and was no longer under his sacred protection . Then , although it would be far more difficult , the father would feel that he could legitimately seek his vengeance .
[ 1 ] Genesis 27 .
[ 2 ] 1 Nephi 4:37 .
[ 3 ] Psalm 24:34 .
[ 4 ] Psalm 15:4-5 . This idea of “ swearing to one 's own hurt ” shows up in an interesting way in the Old Testament books of Ruth , Samuel , and Kings . There , a formula running roughly as follows occurs several times : “ The Lord do so to me , and more also , if I do not do x , y , and z. ” Edward F. Campbell , Jr. , a non-Mormon biblical scholar , offers some insights into these passages that many Latter-day Saints will find intensely interesting . See Edward F. Campbell , Jr. , Ruth , The Anchor Bible , Vol . 7 ( Garden City , N.Y. : Double­day , 1975 ) , 74 .
Posted from Park City , Utah
Brace yourself for ‘ bumper ads ' before every YouTube video
By Killian Bell
When you 're excited to watch the latest videos from your favorite YouTube channels , the last thing you want to see before them is ads you ca n't skip . Normally , they do n't appear on every video you watch , but Google is planning to change that .
The company today announced that is introducing 6-second “ bumper ads ” that will play before all videos watched on mobile devices , and you have no choice but to sit through them .
Half of YouTube viewers aged between 18 to 49 watch videos on mobile devices , according to research , so Google has developed a new ad format that 's better suited to the “ snackable videos ” many people binge on with their smartphones and tablets .
These bumper ads are only six seconds long , but unlike most other YouTube ads , you ca n't skip them , which is great news for Google and its advertisers .
“ In early tests , Bumpers drove strong lift in upper funnel metrics like recall , awareness and consideration , ” Google says . “ We also see that Bumpers work well to drive incremental reach and frequency when paired with a TrueView campaign . ”
You may have already seen some of these bumper ads , which have already been tested by Atlantic Records as part of a marketing campaign for English band Rudimental . But we 'll see a lot more of them starting next month , when Google makes them available to all .
It might take a while for bumper ads to reach every video we watch on mobile , but you can be sure that it will happen . In the meantime , enjoy using that skip button every chance you get while you still can .
On a coastal highway in Southern California , drivers sped by in the comfort of their cars , unaware of the small 12-year-old boy biking two miles per hour downhill through forceful headwinds .
This was only one day in Berkeley resident Zeke Gerwein 's 1,851-mile-long bike trip up the West Coast this summer .
For more than a month , Zeke rode his bicycle from the U.S.-Mexico border to Seattle . As part of his Bar Mitzvah social action project , Zeke decided to use his biking trip to draw awareness to climate change , raising more than $ 2,000 in donations so far for the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club .
A growing ambition
Zeke started biking recreationally when he was 9 years old . It was not long until he began biking as far north as he could , taking daylong biking trips of 40 to 60 miles with his father , said Katya Gerwein , Zeke 's mother .
Zeke needed no encouragement from his parents in developing his interest in climate change or long biking adventures . Sometimes , Katya Gerwein said , they would have to discourage him .
“ He would say , ‘ Can I bike to Napa ? ' ” she said . “ No , you 're 10 . You ca n't bike to Napa . ”
“ Can I bike a mile ? ” Zeke would ask .
“ OK , ” she 'd say .
“ So what 's really the difference between a mile and 40 miles ? ” Zeke would reply . “ You ca n't see me . I have a cellphone . What 's really the difference ? ”
Naturally , it was n't easy for Zeke 's parents to allow him to go on such a long journey .
“ He had to do a lot of convincing to convince me it was safe , ” said Katya Gerwein .
After months of persuasion , Zeke 's parents finally approved the trip . Soon after , Zeke approached the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club about setting up donations with the organization . Michelle Myers , director of the chapter , noticed Zeke demonstrated a wealth of knowledge about climate change , including some information she was n't entirely aware of .
“ I just wanted to give him a blow horn and have him walk around and talk to people , ” Myers said .
After hearing about Zeke 's ride through the Sierra Club , Councilmember Kriss Worthington proposed the City Council honor Zeke with a Proclamation of Honor , which it did at its Oct. 1 meeting . Zeke is the youngest person Worthington has honored in his 17 years on the council , Worthington said .
“ Many people might think of doing such an ambitious thing , but they would n't actually do it , because it 's very physically and emotionally demanding to actually follow through with it , ” Worthington said . “ It took a lot of discipline on his part . ”
Biking up the West Coast
Katya Gerwin said most of the inspiration and planning for his biking adventures come from Zeke himself .
It took him nine months to plan his own 1,851-mile trail , using maps he ordered from the Adventure Cycling Association to plot rest stops , restaurants and camping locations .
On June 16 , he set off from the fence at the U.S.-Mexico border with Ashmodai , his bike , which is named after the “ King of Demons ” from a story about King Solomon .
Zeke traveled with one or more companions at every leg of his trip , alternating between riding with his father , grandfather and various family friends . At least twice a day , Zeke would call home to update his parents about his safety .
Each morning before sunrise , Zeke would leave from his campsite or family member 's home and bike anywhere from 40 to 80 miles in a day . Over the course of his trip , Zeke was impressed by the changes in landscape , from the shores of Southern California to the Lost Coast in Northern California , which was one of his favorite destinations during the trip .
“ The ( geological ) diversity was sort of cool to see , the contrast between the Lost Coast and Los Angeles within 700 miles , ” Zeke said .
A few weeks into the trip , Zeke overcame what is known locally as “ The Wall , ” a hill on the Lost Coast that has a slope of about 24 percent for a quarter of a mile — a difficult feat with the amount of supplies he had to carry on his bike .
Despite facing harsh headwinds , steep inclines and a few stops for bicycle repairs , Zeke reached his final destination of Seattle on July 30 , the end of a 45-day trip that included a brief break for a family vacation to Hawaii from July 4 to 11 .
After meeting many kind strangers during his trip and staying with generous family members and friends along the way , Zeke said he has gained a more positive view of humanity . One woman in Washington , for instance , gave him some money directly to donate to the Sierra Club .
“ The generosity of giving up the money that would have come to him is beautiful , ” Worthington said .
The next endeavor ?
Worthington and Myers already have high expectations for Zeke 's future .
Zeke , however , does n't yet know what he wants to be when he “ grows up. ” Right now , he 's just enjoying his algebra class , reading as many books as he can and , of course , planning his next trip .
For his next adventure , Zeke has already started planning his route along the Sierra Cascades and is trying to find enough people to bike with up north and all the way back down to Berkeley .
“ The sky 's really the limit for him , ” Myers said . “ Zeke for president . Why not ? ”
Tara Hurley covers city news . Contact her at [ email protected ] .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Georginio Wijnaldum is set to plead with Newcastle not to price him out of a move to Tottenham .
The north Londoners have a keen interest in attacking midfielder Wijnaldum . And he , in turn , is ready to jump at the chance of playing Champions League football with them next season .
But they have no intention of meeting the relegated Magpies ' £25million asking price .
Holland international Wijnaldum turns 26 in November , and Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 's recruitment drive has previously focused on players aged 25 and younger .
Also , the valuation is nearly double the £14.5m Newcastle paid Dutch side PSV Eindhoven for him just 12 months ago .
In pictures — Newcastle back in training for the new season :
Spurs believe it is unjustified and - although they remain interested - are exploring alternative targets in the event that the Geordies refuse to budge .
Wijnaldum , who signed a five-year deal when he arrived last summer and scored 11 league goals in his debut season , has been left frustrated at the impasse .
He is ready to make his own case in the hope he can convince Newcastle chiefs to soften their stance .
Both Wijnaldum and fellow Magpies midfielder Moussa Sissoko - a target for German heavyweights Borussia Dortmund - have made it clear to the club they want out following their drop into the Championship .
( Image : Owen Humphreys/PA Wire )
( Image : Getty )
But we revealed last week that both have been told to either arrange deals with sides willing to pay Newcastle 's asking prices or report back for pre-season .
Spurs have already kicked off their summer spending with an £11m swoop for Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama , although reports of a move for Fiorentina and Germany striker Mario Gomez , 31 , appear to be wide of the mark .
The club also insist they are not pursuing their interest in Bayern Munich attacking midfielder Mario Gotze .
They have shown they are willing to walk away from targets if they consider the valuations placed on them to be unrealistic .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Bongarts/Getty )
Last summer , they had a series of bids in excess of £20m for West Brom striker Saido Berahino rejected .
They have not returned for Berahino , and are instead poised to confirm the £17m capture of AZ Alkmaar frontman Vincent Janssen , an international team-mate of Wijnaldum 's , within days .
if they look stoopid , well gosh.stress pic.seeing them or any art of the ponies makes me laugh , smile .. or something.it 's entertaining , i find it a peaceful and lighthearted way to pass time.mostly just to relax myself.i dont know.SKIIIPthis is the first time in my life where i go to bed early because school and my clinical work is raping me.it 's that exhausting.you can throw physics , math , chemistry at me and i can stay up 8 hrs no prob reading 7 chapters for a pharmacology anatomy test the next morning and i 'll do fine.but no .. it 's not that theyre giving us alot of homework . i dont get many assignments at all.just something about using your brain devotedly to discussion and subjects ... going home .. walking to class ... catching buses n stuff . walking home.finding something to eat , waiting in line.waiting.or waking up early to work in medical unit on friday , saturday .. , staying 8 hours in just one class for the day to be prepared for practicum.bc it 's like holy shit . something i learned that i actually will freaking apply to what i do at work.its not overwhelming.it 's just wow .. the days seem so long . feels like it has already been 2 weeks when it was just one.eh for all anyone knows , i work in imagination land , dancing on stripper polls , passing out lollipops to customers.I DONT EVEN KNOW . LOL.and then people wan na fuckin DRAG ME EVERYWHERE WITH THEM.like for the first time in my life i DONT want to go out with others , i want to STAY IN MY ROOM and READ and STUDY.im sorray im trying to HELP PEOPLE , I CANT BE GOING SHOPPING WITH U. JC.it 's like no one gives a shit about my OWN freaking priorities.bc when they wan na diss my need and want to study , it 's like saying oh , ur education is not important or whatever it is you want to do.but no sirrreeee , im drawing the line , with my motherfucking poniessssi neeed them HEREEE . i 'm so frustrated with ppl right now -- - my AC 's are one of the few places i vent . * im sure ponies dont eat chicken . mah bad , i was hungry drawing this quickly . * oh boy twilight has no legs/deformed legs . * oh boy sausage ponies again . * herp a derp facescmon for real D ; how would u feel if u woke up dead set on getting stuff done on a list , stuff you wanted and NEEDED to do.and then bitches ( aka ur friends or fam ) got all up in your face with stuff like LOL GOING TO IGNORE ANYTHING IMPORTANT U NEED TO DO AND INSTEAD UR GOING TO SPEND UR TIME DOING STUFF WITH ME Because I SAID SO LOL * cough * or how like twilight needed to write princess celestia that fuckin letter and she went berserk shit insane and her friends didnt take her cereally ( LOL ) cereal . is srs.that example . and nooo dont take that example/allusion seriously . omg . im going . to just . shut up now . LOL . fuck . do n't say anything . do n't look at me , do n't look at me . Look at my sausage ponies instead .
Taipei , Dec. 10 ( CNA ) Chinese military aircraft circled near Taiwan on Saturday for the second time in less than a month but did not enter the country 's air defense identification zone , Taiwan 's Ministry of National Defense ( MND ) said .
The four aircraft that passed outside the zone in southern Taiwan were part of a fleet of 10 from the Eastern Theater Command of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force that was on a long-distance training mission , the MND said .
It was the second such mission by China since Nov. 25 when six of its military aircraft -- two H-6K bombers , one TU-154 surveillance aircraft , one Y-8 surveillance plane and two Su-30 fighters - circled outside Taiwan air defense identification zone .
On both occasions , the planes flew around the southern part of Taiwan and over the Bashi Channel , then to the Miyako Strait near Japan 's Okinawa Prefecture , before returning to China , according to the ministry .
The exercise on Saturday started at about 9 a.m. and finished at 1:10 p.m. , the MND said .
It said Taiwan 's armed forces have surveillance systems in place that monitor the country 's airspace and waters , and also have contingency plans for the protection and security of the nation .
( By Lu Hsin-hui and Evelyn Kao )
Enditem/pc
The world is rapidly moving towards digitalisation and automation in all areas of society . Yet some of the most digitally advanced economies in the world are struggling to sustain digital growth and innovation – Finland being one of them . This year 's Digital Evolution Index places Finland in the Stall Out Zone ; a category for digitally advanced countries that have reached so-called “ digital plateaus ” of slowing momentum in terms of digital growth .
“ Moving past these ‘ digital plateaus ' will require a conscious effort by these countries to reinvent themselves , to bet on a rising digital technology in which it has leadership , and to eliminate impediments to innovation , ” the researchers behind the Digital Evolution Index suggest . The states in the Stall Out category – among them all Nordic nations – seem to suffer from issues on both the supply and demand sides of digital growth ; past digitalisation is not translating into future innovation because of market saturation and a lacking start-up culture .
Yet , compared to its Nordic neighbours , Finland has fared quite well in adding fresh fuel to its digital innovation engine to keep it running . The past years have been a turbulent time for Finnish business , with a long economic recession following the decline of Nokia 's mobile phone production , yet Finland 's digital sector is now evolving faster than those in any other Nordic countries . In fact , Finland is not far away from being included in the Stand Out zone for digitally advanced countries with a fast-paced digital evolution .
Nevertheless , the road from the stall out category to the stand out zone is a slippery one , and as noted in the Harvard Business Review , all countries need to continuously generate new demand to avoid stalling out . Countries in the Break Out zone , with China in the forefront , are evolving rapidly and have the potential to become the leaders of digital business and technology in a matter of years . China has gone from almost no digital innovation at the turn of the century to having a population of 730 million Internet users today . This rapid development has made China the country with the largest number of Internet users in the entire world , and thus a lucrative market for e-commerce .
If Finland wants to remain at the vanguard of digitalisation , it should look to countries with a similar population size but with a faster digital evolution . Examples of such countries are Estonia , Singapore and New Zealand . Estonia is , of course , a particularly interesting example – not only because of its geographical proximity to Finland , but also because of its leading position in e-government .
As the data used to measure each country 's pace of digital evolution in this year 's Digital Evolution Index was gathered between 2008 and 2015 , it is worth keeping in mind that Finland only declared its recessionary era to be over as recently as last year . Digital evolution in Finland is thus likely to pick up speed in the coming few years , if it has not already done so . A promising example for Finland 's digital future is Slush – a phenomenally successful start-up event that brings together the global tech scene in the winter darkness of Helsinki .
Nicole Berglund
Helsinki Times
Connor McDavid 's recent injury was a devastating blow to both his Calder chances and the Edmonton Oilers ' already shaky playoff hopes . It also hit the pause button on his rookie rivalry with Jack Eichel , temporarily shutting down a storyline that figured to be one of the season 's best . After all , those two players will be forever linked by hype , circumstance and , of course , those four ping-pong balls that determined their futures .
That would be the April draft lottery , one that saw the Oilers leap past the last-place Buffalo Sabres for the top overall pick . With McDavid ranked as the consensus No . 1 , that moment felt like a brutal loss for the Sabres , a perception that was only reinforced by their own general manager . ( Not everyone sees it that way ; many Sabres fans insist they were just fine with getting either player all along . These people are crazy , but they 'll burn my house down if I do n't mention them . )
While McDavid 's injury puts the Eichel comparison on hold , it does lead to a fun question : Which draft-lottery loss was the most painful in league history ? Which last place team took the worst hit by dropping down to No . 2 ?
The NHL introduced the draft lottery in 1995 . Not counting last year , that leaves us with an even 10 instances when a team has `` lost '' the lottery , which we 'll define as the last-place team overall getting passed over for the top pick . ( So we 're not counting 1995 , 1999 or 2011 , when the winning team did n't move up to first . ) With the benefit of some hindsight , we can look back at the teams involved , the eventual top pick and the player who fell to No . 2 , and try to figure out which loss hurt the most .
We 'll work our way down from best to worst . And we 'll start in 1998 , the first time the lottery ever resulted in the top pick changing hands , sort of .
No . 10 : 1998
Last-place team : Tampa Bay Lightning
Lottery-winning team : San Jose Sharks , by virtue of owning the Florida Panthers ' pick
First overall pick : Vincent Lecavalier
How much did it hurt ? : This is the easiest call on the list , because it did n't hurt at all . Literally . It had no impact on anything , as you might already suspect if you 're thinking , `` Uh , I do n't remember Lecavalier being drafted by the Sharks . ''
That 's because the last-place Lightning went into the lottery with an insurance policy in their back pocket . At that year 's deadline , they had traded Bryan Marchment and David Shaw to San Jose for Andrei Nazarov and convinced the Sharks to toss in a sweetener : the right to swap their first-round pick for the Panthers ' , which San Jose had acquired earlier in the season . With the Lightning well back of the Panthers in the standings , the swap option would n't matter . Unless Florida won the lottery .
They did , and the Lightning moved back up to first . The Sharks got the second pick , flipped it to Nashville ( who took David Legwand ) and ended up getting Brad Stuart third overall . And Lecavalier headed to Tampa Bay to become `` the Michael Jordan of hockey . ''
No . 9 : 2000
Last-place team : Atlanta Thrashers
Lottery-winning team : New York Islanders
First overall pick : Rick DiPietro
How much did it hurt ? : A ton for the Islanders . It 's not often that you can use the phrases `` disastrous lottery win , '' but such was the Mike Milbury era . The Isles jumped from fifth to first and did a jig about it , then used the top pick on DiPietro . It 's fair to say it did n't work out . Not only did DiPietro eventually get one of the worst contracts ( and later one of the most expensive buyouts ) in NHL history , but the Islanders made room for him by trading a young Roberto Luongo to Florida .
Meanwhile , the Thrashers dropped down to the second pick and wound up with Dany Heatley , who they probably would have taken anyway . And Atlanta even got some karmic payback against the Islanders the following year , which we 'll get to farther down this list .
The Islanders ended up big losers after winning the right to draft Rick DiPietro . Al Bello/Getty Images
No . 8 : 2003
Last-place team : Carolina Hurricanes
Lottery-winning team : Florida Panthers
First overall pick : Marc-Andre Fleury
How much did it hurt ? : The 2003 draft is the best of the last few decades and might be the best of all time , so that eases the sting here . When guys such as Ryan Getzlaf , Zach Parise and Corey Perry are going in the second half of the first , and Patrice Bergeron and Shea Weber are dropping to later rounds , falling from No . 1 to No . 2 is n't all that bad .
That 's especially true for the Hurricanes , who saw the Panthers leapfrog them and then trade the top pick to the Penguins , who picked Fleury . Carolina then took Eric Staal , who went on to help them win a Stanley Cup and is still the team 's best player today .
No . 7 : 2012
Last-place team : Columbus Blue Jackets
Lottery-winning team : Edmonton Oilers
First overall pick : Nail Yakupov
How much did it hurt ? : This one 's a bit of a moving target . Just a month or two ago , we might have described Yakupov as a bust , but a strong start to this season has improved his reputation . Either way , he was n't the sure-thing top prospect in a 2012 draft that was n't viewed as especially strong . With the Blue Jackets needing to restock their blue line , there 's at least a chance that they would have picked Ryan Murray , even if they 'd held on to the top spot , so this one did n't sting too much ( even if their fans were n't very happy at the time ) .
No . 6 : 2014
Last-place team : Buffalo Sabres
Lottery-winning team : Florida Panthers
First overall pick : Aaron Ekblad
How much did it hurt ? : We 're just one year removed from this one , so it 's too early to declare a clear winner between Ekblad and the player the Sabres wound up with , Sam Reinhart . But it 's fair to say Ekblad holds an edge so far , winning the Calder Trophy last season while Reinhart spent most of his time in junior hockey .
Would the Sabres have taken Ekblad ? They said Reinhart was their guy all along , although that 's what every team says . A blue-liner would have been a good fit for a Buffalo team already well-stocked up front , especially given that by this point they already seemed to be banking on McDavid or Eichel . Today , Ekblad probably helps this team more than Reinhart , but there 's a long way to go on this one . And , hey , at least losing the 2014 lottery gave Sabres fans some valuable practice for next time .
It 's still early , but it looks like the Sabres missed out on a cornerstone player in 2014 , too , in defenseman Aaron Ekblad . Ronald C. Modra/Getty Images
No . 5 : 2002
Last-place team : Atlanta Thrashers
Lottery-winning team : Florida Panthers
First overall pick : Rick Nash
How much did it hurt ? : For the third time on our list , the Panthers win the lottery but see another team end up with the top pick . This time it was because they traded down with Columbus on draft day , dropping down to third and still getting the guy they wanted , Jay Bouwmeester . The Blue Jackets took Nash .
As for the Thrashers , while they missed out on Nash , they were already stacked at wing . They used the second overall pick on goalie Kari Lehtonen , and while Nash turned out to be the far better player , Atlanta might well have made the same choice even if they 'd been selecting No . 1 .
No . 4 : 2013
Last-place team : Florida Panthers
Lottery-winning team : Colorado Avalanche
First overall pick : Nathan MacKinnon
How much did it hurt ? : This one 's a tough call , since the 2013 draft was a strange one . At the time the lottery was held , the consensus top pick was defenseman Seth Jones . In fact , some of the more conspiracy-minded fans found it odd that Jones ' hometown Avalanche just happened to be the ones to win the right to take him .
But the Avs passed on Jones in favor of Nathan MacKinnon , and then the Panthers raised eyebrows by taking Aleksander Barkov at No . 2 . ( Jones dropped down to Nashville at No . 4 . ) Today , hindsight says MacKinnon or Jones would have been better choices , but it 's too early to put much stock in that . The better question : Was Barkov the Panthers ' guy all along ? Or had they decided on picking a center and were banking on MacKinnon being there ? We do n't know , but common sense leans toward MacKinnon being the pick .
No . 3 : 2004
Last-place team : Pittsburgh Penguins
Lottery-winning team : Washington Capitals
First overall pick : Alex Ovechkin
How much did it hurt ? : Let 's start with the obvious : This was a two-player draft , and the Penguins ' pick at No . 2 was future Hall of Famer Evgeni Malkin . Pittsburgh is n't exactly sobbing here .
That being said , Ovechkin is by far the best non-McDavid prospect ever taken with a lottery-determined pick . And we were this close to seeing him play out his career with Sidney Crosby . That 's almost unthinkable for a generation of fans who 've watched the NHL desperately try to force a Crosby-Ovechkin rivalry , and if not for a wayward ping-pong ball , it would have happened .
And if the Penguins were going to miss out on the chance to draft the best winger of his generation , losing him to a rival and ( eventual ) division rival hurts . So even though Malkin was a more than adequate consolation prize , this one still rates highly .
The Penguins are n't crying too much about having Evgeni Malkin , but can you imagine Alex Ovechkin playing with Sidney Crosby instead ? Justin K. Aller/Getty Images
No . 2 : 2001
Last-place team : New York Islanders
Lottery-winning team : Atlanta Thrashers
First overall pick : Ilya Kovalchuk
How much did it hurt ? : Remember that payback for 2000 we mentioned ? Here it is , and it 's a good one . One year after the Islanders leapfrogged the Thrashers , the reverse scenario played out . And unlike in 2000 , there really is a franchise player waiting at the top of the draft , in Russian phenom Ilya Kovalchuk . The Thrashers happily picked him and paired him up with Heatley to form a two-headed monster that would score a ton of goals .
As for the Islanders , the good news was that the 2001 draft had a second potential franchise player available in Jason Spezza . The bad news was that Milbury was still the GM , so he traded the second pick to the Senators for Alexei Yashin . To make matter worse , the Isles also gave up Zdeno Chara in that deal . To make matters even worse , they also gave Yashin a massive contract that was amazingly still on their cap until last year . It 's not easy to combine one of the worst trades in hockey history with one of its worst contracts , but that was the magic of the Mike Milbury era .
Do the Islanders still make the Yashin trade if they win the lottery and keep the No . 1 overall pick ? We might never know , but Milbury seemed determined to land a veteran star for his young Islanders team . I 'm betting they still make the deal , which keeps this lottery loss from top spot on our list .
No . 1 : 2007
Last-place team : Philadelphia Flyers
Lottery-winning team : Chicago Blackhawks
First overall pick : Patrick Kane
How much did it hurt ? : If you were going to script the most painful lottery loss possible , this would be it . Let 's recap . The 2006-07 Flyers unexpectedly plunged from three straight 100-point seasons to a miserable 56-point season , the biggest single-season drop in league history . The GM quits , the coach is fired and the Flyers finish dead last by double-digits in the points column . But , hey , at least the draft featured one of the best American prospects of all time .
Then came the lottery , in which the Blackhawks jumped up from fifth to earn the top pick . They used that selection to take Kane , who already has a Calder , a Conn Smythe and three Cup rings . The Flyers settled for James van Riemsdyk , who developed slowly before being traded straight-up for Luke Schenn , who 's spent much of this season as a healthy scratch . I 'd call that a drop-off .
But it gets worse . Three years after the lottery , the Flyers had turned things around enough to make the Stanley Cup finals against those same Blackhawks . With a chance at the franchise 's first championship in 35 years hanging in the balance , the two teams played a tight series that could have gone either way . And then this happened . I mean , that 's downright cruel , even for Flyers fans . They lost a lottery , wound up with a much worse player and then saw the guy they missed out on score the Stanley Cup-winning goal in their own building . There 's really no other choice for the top spot on this list .
Congratulations , Flyers , you 're No . 1 . ( Unlike in 2007 . )
|
Another Move for the Imperial West ?
What the heck is NATO ? What 's it about ? What 's it for ? Not many people bother to ask any more . As with many New World organizations originally created under the guise of a temporary measure or a situation-based project or specific goal-oriented institution ( think IMF , think World Bank ) , this one too has far exceeded its supposed originally intended mission , its sphere of control and operation , its size and budget , and basically everything it was marketed under when it was established . Also , as with all these institutions long-past and long-exceeding their originally marketed role , people cease to question or even critically think of the actual purpose , performance and results of supporting , keeping and funding this costly new world military body called NATO .
So , what was the ‘ supposed ' role of this gigantic hawk of imperials ' tool originally ? Check all the ‘ legitimate ' reference bodies of literature , and what you get is what was marketed and sold over six decades ago :
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization or NATO is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty which was signed on 4 April 1949 . The NATO headquarters are in Brussels , Belgium , and the organization constitutes a system of collective defense whereby its member states agree to mutual defense in response to an attack by any external party .
…
For its first few years , NATO was not much more than a political association . However , the Korean War galvanized the member states , and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two U.S. supreme commanders . The first NATO Secretary General , Lord Ismay , famously stated the organization 's goal was `` to keep the Russians out , the Americans in , and the Germans down ''
…
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , the organization became drawn into the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s which resulted in NATO 's first military operations in Bosnia from 1991 to 1995 and later Yugoslavia in 1999 .
…
The September 2001 attacks signaled the only occasion in NATO 's history that Article 5 of the North Atlantic treaty has been invoked and consequently the 11 September attacks were deemed to be an attack on all nineteen NATO members . After 11 September , troops were deployed to Afghanistan under the NATO-led ISAF and the organization continues to operate in a range of roles sending trainers to Iraq , assisting in counter-piracy operations and most recently enforced a NATO-led no-fly zone over Libya in 2011 .
…
Okay , so after the fall of the Soviet Union the enemy went from Russia to the Serbs , and later , after 9/11 , the enemy became Al Qaeda , aka terrorists , and went on to include ‘ select ' dictators designated as ‘ certain dictatorships . ' It went from defense to ethnic conflicts , from terrorism to reinterpreted and reinvented human rights causes .
How about the membership ; the team ? Well , right after the fall of the Soviet Union , the U.S. promised the Russians that they will not expand beyond Germany :
In May 2008 , Gorbachev repeated his view that such a commitment had been made , and that `` the Americans promised that NATO would n't move beyond the boundaries of Germany after the Cold War '' . [ 23 ]
That promise lasted for a few years , and then without designating Russia as the enemy extraordinaire , NATO expanded and added : Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Slovenia , Slovakia , Bulgaria , and Romania . And a few years after Romania , NATO agreed to the accession of Croatia and Albania and invited them to join , and invited Ukraine and Georgia to become members . No one mentioned any specific threat or enemy . No one ‘ really ' asked .
Lately NATO has been busy going after resource-rich nations in Central Asia and the Caucasus for its new round of membership acquisition :
Due to the recent decision of the Pentagon to develop military cooperation with Azerbaijan by offering a 10 million dollar military support for the improvement of the Azeri military marine performances in the fight against terrorism , there are voices in Baku that support the interest of both parts in developing bilateral military cooperation till the level of Azerbaijan 's membership to the North Atlantic Alliance . In fact , there are estimates that this is likely to happen on medium term .
Now we hear about NATO centers and offices in the oil-rich Middle East . Here is the latest on that front :
NATO to Open Centers in Kuwait & Other Gulf States
Brussels : Kuwait and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( Nato ) are discussing plans to open a centre in Kuwait City , a Nato official has said .
The centre , the first of its kind in the Gulf , will help bolster relations and cooperation between the Gulf country and the international organization under the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative ( ICI ) .
The initiative was launched at the Alliance 's Summit in the Turkish city in June 2004 to contribute to long-term global and regional security by offering Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) countries practical bilateral security cooperation with NATO .
…
So I 'm asking again : What the heck is NATO ? Why do we need NATO ? What is it about ? What is it for ? What is it after ? And why do n't most bother to examine this imperialistic war machine 's legitimacy to exist ?
# # # #
April 08 , 2010
Priests who do n't believe
( My latest book God vs. Darwin : The War Between Evolution and Creationism in the Classroom has just been released and is now available through the usual outlets . You can order it from Amazon , Barnes and Noble , the publishers Rowman & Littlefield , and also through your local bookstores . For more on the book , see here . You can also listen to the podcast of the interview on WCPN 90.3 about the book . )
Over four years ago , I speculated that the percentage of atheists among clergy and theologians may be much higher than in the general population , that it became even more likely the higher one rose in the hierarchy , and that as a result even the pope could well be an atheist . I gave two reasons for making that case .
The first is that members of the clergy encounter on a daily basis many of the kinds of personal tragedies of sickness , death , and violence than can make lay people question their faith , and hence they are more likely to find it hard to believe in a benevolent god . Since no one wants to believe in an evil god ( though that would explain things a lot better ) , disbelief becomes an increasingly plausible option .
The second reason is that those clergy who belong to religious institutions that require years of study in theological colleges before ordination will quickly learn as part of their curriculum that their religious texts are products of human beings and that they have a dubious history that makes it very unlikely that they were divinely created . All the many contradictions make it hard to believe that the religious books were divinely inspired either , unless you believe in a god who is really sloppy and was too cheap to get himself a good editor . Most lay people have little idea of the origins of their texts and thus can more easily believe that they were divinely inspired or created .
Now even the Vatican 's chief exorcist has conceded that apostasy is more common in the upper ranks of the church than people might think , speaking of `` cardinals who do not believe in Jesus . ''
Daniel Dennett and Linda LaScola of the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University have recently published a paper titled preacher who are not believers that seems to provide support for my speculative suggestions . They describe five case studies of Christian priests who are still working but were willing to confide in confidence that they do not believe in the tenets of their faith . Three of the priests were from liberal denominations ( whom they called `` the liberals '' ) and two were from conservative denominations ( `` the literals '' ) .
These priests spoke of how hard it is to live a lie and how they would like to be open and change their lives but they stick with it because they have no other means of making a living .
The loneliness of non-believing pastors is extreme . They have no trusted confidantes to reassure them , to reflect their own musings back to them , to provide reality checks . As their profiles reveal , even their spouses are often unaware of their turmoil . Why do n't they resign their posts and find a new life ? They are caught in a trap , cunningly designed to harness both their best intentions and their basest fears to the task of immobilizing them in their predicament . Their salaries are modest and the economic incentive is to stay in place , to hang on by their fingernails and wait for retirement when they get their pension .
…
Confiding their difficulties to a superior is not an appealing option : although it would be unlikely to lead swiftly and directly to an involuntary unfrocking . No denomination has a surplus of qualified clergy , and the last thing an administrator wants to hear is that one of the front line preachers is teetering on the edge of default . More likely , such an acknowledgment of doubt would put them on the list of problematic clergy and secure for them the not very helpful advice to soldier on and work through their crises of faith . Speaking in confidence with fellow clergy is also a course fraught with danger , in spite of the fact that some of them are firmly convinced that many , and perhaps most , of their fellow clergy share their lack of belief . ( my italics ) What gives them this impression that they are far from alone , and how did this strange and sorrowful state of affairs arise ? The answer seems to lie in the seminary experience shared by all our pastors , liberals and literals alike . Even some conservative seminaries staff their courses on the Bible with professors who are trained in textual criticism , the historical methods of biblical scholarship , and what is taught in those courses is not what the young seminarians learned in Sunday school , even in the more liberal churches . In seminary they were introduced to many of the details that have been gleaned by centuries of painstaking research about how various ancient texts came to be written , copied , translated , and , after considerable jockeying and logrolling , eventually assembled into the Bible we read today . It is hard if not impossible to square these new facts with the idea that the Bible is in all its particulars a true account of actual events , let alone the inerrant word of God . It is interesting that all our pastors report the same pattern of response among their fellow students : some were fascinated , but others angrily rejected what their professors tried to teach them .
John Shelby Spong , former Episcopal bishop of Newark describes some of the things you learn from biblical scholarship :
Miracles do not enter the Christian story until the 8th decade ; the Virgin Birth and understanding the Resurrection as the physical resuscitation of a deceased body enters Christianity in the 9th decade , the story of the Ascension of Jesus is a 10th decade addition .
Should it be surprising that these things can shake the faith of believers , including priests , and are thus kept from the general public ?
POST SCRIPT : The War on Easter
Now that atheists have won the war on Christmas , is n't it time to start wars on all the other holidays of all the religions ?
Image caption Mr Gotti Tedeschi is under investigation for suspected money-laundering
The director of the Vatican Bank , Ettore Gotti Tedeschi , has been removed from his post for dereliction of duty , the Vatican says .
The bank 's board of directors unanimously passed a no-confidence vote in Mr Gotti Tedeschi , a statement said .
It said he had failed `` to carry out duties of primary importance '' , but it did not elaborate .
In 2010 Italian police launched an investigation against Mr Gotti Tedeschi as part of a money-laundering inquiry .
Members of the board believed his dismissal was needed to `` maintain the vitality of the bank '' , the Vatican statement said .
The board will now look for a new director to restore relations with the international financial community , `` based on mutual respect for accepted international banking standards '' .
Mr Gotti Tedeschi declined to comment on his dismissal . He told journalists : `` I 'd rather say nothing , otherwise I 'd say ugly things . ''
Transparency
But in remarks to the Reuters news agency , he said : `` I have paid for my transparency . ''
The moves come as Moneyval , the Council of Europe body tasked with counteracting money laundering , prepares to rule at the beginning of July on whether the Vatican meets international standards on financial transactions .
Memos leaked earlier this year suggests there are serious differences among Vatican officials over how far to go in ensuring financial transparency , according to media reports .
The Vatican Bank , known officially as the Institute for Religious Works ( IOR ) , was created during World War II to administer accounts held by religious orders , cardinals , bishops and priests .
It lost £250m in a scandal involving the collapse of one of Italy 's biggest private banks - the Banco Ambrosiano - in 1982 , with which it had close ties .
The Vatican Bank has been headed by Mr Gotti Tedeschi , 62 , a trained economist , since 2009 .
When Mr Gotti Tedeschi was placed under investigation in 2010 , the Vatican said it was `` perplexed and astonished '' , and expressed full confidence in him .
It said the matter was the result of a misunderstanding , and that none of its employees was involved in any wrongdoing .
As part of the inquiry , Italian tax police seized 23m euros ( $ 29m , £18.4m ) that the Vatican Bank had tried to transfer from a small Italian bank called Credito Artigiano .
A month later , the Vatican set up a new financial authority to combat money laundering and make its financial operations more transparent , ahead of an EU deadline .
The move was aimed at winning inclusion in the European Commission 's `` white list '' of states which comply with international standards against tax fraud and money-laundering .
The Sensible Sentencing Trust has abandoned its fight with New Zealand 's director of human rights proceedings over the naming a serial paedophile .
The trust had been involved in a long-running privacy wrangle with the paedophile - a former CEO - after naming him on the trust website in 2009 .
The man who was jailed in 1995 for sexually abusing two girls aged 10 and 14 had been given interim name suppression at an earlier hearing .
No record of him being granted permanent name suppression could be found from court records .
The man complained to the Privacy Commissioner who found the trust had breached his privacy and referred the case to the director of human rights proceedings .
A stand-off ensued between the trust and the director who last year launched legal action seeking compensation for the paedophile .
The trust fought back and tried to have the case thrown out .
But trust spokesman Garth McVicar today said the trust was left in an invidious position when the Court of Appeal ruled interim name suppression orders `` were in fact permanent . ''
The situation was `` ludicrous '' as a District Court Judge had earlier provided an official minute saying no record existed of permanent name suppression .
The paedophile 's lawyer , the Privacy Commissioner and the director of human rights proceedings had all conceded they could find no record of permanent name suppression .
But the Court of Appeal ruling effectively ended the matter and McVicar said the two sides have reached agreement with no money changing hands .
Legal action has ended but the trust has agreed it breached three privacy rights of the paedophile and would send key people for privacy training .
McVicar said the case exposed a debacle because `` after five years someone pulls a rabbit out of the hat and found a section in the law that basically amounted to an interim order amounting to a life-long blanket protection . ''
It is understood the paedophile received a $ 15,000 payout from police .
Police got involved because the man complained after details of his convictions were given by a police officer to a third party who later passed them anonymously to the trust .
Police executed a search warrant on the trust 's offices in 2011 to obtain details and it is believed the police officer who leaked details lost his job .
The paedophile was jailed in 1995 on five counts of committing indecent acts on young girls .
He was acquitted at the same trial of two charges of rape and four charges of indecent assault .
He also has a conviction for careless driving causing death .
Summary : As businesses create more data than ever before , Business Intelligence is growing . The only problem : Most Business Intelligence projects still fail . In this article , you 'll learn why this happens and key take-aways to help you avoid BI failure .
Business Intelligence ( BI ) adoption is exploding , and with good reason . As businesses create more data than ever before , we 're seeing more of these businesses turn to BI to capitalize on that data .
What does BI offer ? While I could rattle off a list of benefits , most companies use BI for advantages like easy data access and improved decision-making . They want to give users a quick way to easily access and understand their data .
Yet , despite the advertised benefits , many BI projects still fail . Depending on the survey , I 've seen BI failure rates range from 50 – 80 % . Why ? Why do so many BI projects fail ?
To help you answer that question , we 've solicited input from some experts in BI and have compiled their input ( as well as some of my own ) below . Here are 7 common reasons why BI projects fail , along with a key take-away for each point :
1 . Poor understanding of BI
Often presented as a silver bullet , Business Intelligence is surrounded with misconceptions . When a business goes into a BI project with unrealistically high expectations , or without a clear understanding of their needs and goals , the project will likely fail .
“ Management rarely has a solid grasp on what they are going to use BI for and how they are going to use it , ” says Garret Rempel , a Technology Consultant at MNP . “ A BI solution is not magic , it will not fix systemic problems in KPI analysis . To establish an effective BI practice your end users must have a clear vision of the decisions that they want to be able to make based on their business data , how they are going to measure their data to make those decisions , and where that data comes from . ”
Take-away # 1
Do your research ! Understand exactly what problems you 're trying to solve , and how the selected BI solution will help you solve those problems .
2 . Poor data integrity
Here 's a solid lesson for any type of enterprise application ( BI or otherwise ) : Everything starts with the data . If your data is flawed or is n't cleaned and validated properly , your BI project will fail . End of story . Not only will it fail , it can have disastrous effects on your company . Imagine the consequences of basing critical business decisions off of flawed data .
“ In my experience in over 20 years working with complex financial data the single reason why BI projects fail comes down to data integrity , ” says Ian Jackson , Managing Partner at Enshored Inc. “ Data that is being repurposed from one area to another in most cases will need cleaning and validating . I 'd say that the business architects – product managers in particular – often are too academic about the exercise and fail to understand this . Ensuring a regular human review of all data being used in business engines is important to reduce errors . ”
Take-away # 2
Do n't start a BI project until you have processes in place to ensure data integrity .
3 . Lack of executive buy-in
BI projects ( like many projects ) do n't always go according to plan . Sometimes they require more implementation time , or cost slightly more than expected . When that happens , you need strong support from key executives . Executive buy-in stretches far beyond securing funding for your project . It 's about selling the executives on the benefits of the project and securing a strong commitment .
“ Most BI projects are typically expensive to implement and do n't have full executive buy-in , ” says Tony Kippen , VP of Analytics at Hipcricket . “ When the C-level is both unfamiliar with the benefits and concerned with the costs of a BI project , it 's not likely to receive the company 's full support . Underfunded and unsupported , the proper amount and types of data are left out and the results ignored . Failure then becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy . ”
Take-away # 3
Communicate the benefits to your business executives and secure their support before proceeding on a BI project . Executives must be 100 % committed to the project if it has any hope to survive .
4 . Incomplete requirements
Just as you need executive buy-in for a successful BI project , understanding end user requirements is equally essential . A BI project will fail if you do n't fully understand who will be using the solution and what they 're trying to accomplish .
“ A BI project is likely to fail if the businesses are not interviewed correctly to gather requirements , ” says Kippen . “ A lack of business understanding , across departments or divisions , leaves the data siloed . Without seeing the full picture , a BI project will never see ROI equal to its potential . Also , if assumptions , rather than researched requirements , are used to implement a BI project , the results will be tainted and not objective . Garbage in results in garbage out and a failed project . ”
Take-away # 4
Before starting your project , understand who will be using the BI solution , the data they require , and the problems they 're trying to solve .
5 . Analysis paralysis
Taking the last point one step further , proper requirements gathering also helps you avoid another huge problem : Analysis paralysis . As explained below , trying to use all available data will only make analysis more difficult , and must be avoided .
“ Many companies jump head first into BI projects with the mantra ‘ if you build it , they will come , ' ” says Jay Millard , Chief Operating Officer at Amadeus Consulting . “ Instead of involving key stakeholders to gather requirements prior to big data migrations , it is common to make the mistake of simply grabbing all data points without validating their relevance to desired outcomes . The paradigm , ‘ Let 's just get the data in there , then we 'll figure it out ' is definitely one to avoid . Keep in mind that a good chunk of the effort in a successful BI project comes long before the actual migration occurs . Spend some time answering the question , ‘ What decisions do we want to make with this data ? ' You may find right out of the gate that the answer to such a question will vary greatly throughout your team . Use disagreement to your advantage ; your confidence in the answers to that one question will ultimately determine your success . ”
Take-away # 5
Do n't overwhelm your users with data they do n't need . Understand exactly what data they require , and what they hope to get out of their data .
6 . Using BI Tools That No One Likes ( or Knows How to Use )
Suppose you 've done everything correctly so far . You understand BI , you 've secured executive buy-in , you 've cleaned your data , and you 've gathered complete requirements from your users . Even after all of that , the BI tool can kill the whole thing . If users either do n't like the chosen tool , or find it confusing , they likely wo n't use it .
“ Oftentimes organizations will fall in love with a tool as part of their BI initiative , purchase it , and then decide they do not have budget to adequately train staff , ” says Sara Handel , Principal Consultant and BI Lead at Excella Consulting . “ Or they will invest in a tool selected by IT professionals , without consulting end-users on their needs or abilities . Organizations using the wrong BI tools bring additional obstacles to project success . Staff members who do not like a specific product will often revert back to the “ old way ” of doing things – essentially making all your efforts ( and money spent ! ) null and void . In other organizations , only one or two people will truly understand how to use a tool and create bottlenecks to progress , or become bogged down by numerous requests . ”
Take-away # 6
Gathering user input on BI tools before making a purchase , and then providing thorough user training will help ensure user adoption .
7 . Inability to pivot
What happens if you 've gathered all of your requirements for your BI project , only to see your business needs change ? Worse yet , what happens if your business needs change after deploying a new solution ?
Unfortunately , many BI solutions are n't built to evolve . They 're built for the business needs that existed during implementation . Maybe the business develops a new product line , switches software platforms , or brings in a new type of database . BI projects or solutions that are n't built to adapt to these changes will likely fail .
“ Most BI projects , even if broken into smaller parts for development , typically do n't have the ability to pivot when the business changes focus or moves a different direction , ” explains Kippen . “ A new product line , or the discontinuation of an old one , can throw a BI project back to square one . Acquisitions and mergers can also wreak havoc , introducing new systems and data collection methods that must be integrated . ”
Take-away # 7
From your initial planning to your eventual tool selection , plan for change . An inflexible plan or tool can kill an entire project .
So , what do you think ? Is there anything you would add to this list ? If so , please share your thoughts in the comments .
If you enjoyed this article , sign up for email updates Email Address We value your privacy . We will not spam you or share your email address with anyone . You 're free to unsubscribe at any time .
Related Posts :
Some New Jersey waterways reportedly have `` intersex '' fish that have raised concerns about estrogen levels in drinking water .
A study from the United States Geological Survey found that two species of male fish caught at Great Swamp National Wildlife Refuge in Morris County and at Wallkill River in Sussex County contained a high incidence of `` intersex '' aquatic life .
The study , published in December , says the fish contain characteristics of both males and females .
The state Department of Environmental Protection called the connection between estrogen in fish and in local drinking water a `` stretch , '' but said it 's an issue that the agency has been monitoring .
`` The bottom line is this is not a new issue , nor does it revolve around one river or wildlife refuge , '' said Bob Considine , DEP spokesman . `` This is about male fish showing female traits have been observed across the globe in all types of waterways . ''
He said the recent USGS study `` adds to our knowledge of this issue and impacts to ecological systems , but the scientific community overall still has more questions than answers on human health impacts . ''
`` The DEP will continue to follow and evaluate the science that continues to emerge from across the world , '' he said . `` At the same time , the federal EPA continues to evaluate the science of emerging contaminants of concern and will look toward any guidance the EPA provides .
In 2008 , the Associated Press launched a 5-month investigation into pharmaceutical contaminants in drinking water , and discovered drugs in the drinking water of 24 major metropolitan areas , including North Jersey , South California , Philadelphia , San Francisco , Washington D.C. and Arizona .
Traces of drugs included mood-stabilizers , estrogens , metabolized angina medicine and tranquilizers .
The USGS study found intersex in smallmouth bass in 19 locations nationwide . Many of the testing locations were near wastewater treatment plants , industrial sites or agricultural runoff .
The Wallkill River site is about three miles downstream from a wastewater treatment plant . Researchers also found evidence that pesticides had previously been stored and used at Great Swamp .
The Passaic River 's watershed covers parts of seven counties in New Jersey and two in New York , connecting to a river system that runs through the Great Swamp National Wildlife Refuge and containing important water supplies for the region , according to Montclair State University officials .
Jeff Tittel , director of the New Jersey Sierra Club , said estrogen could have ultimately infiltrated the drinking water supply for at least 3 million people in Morris and Passaic counties , and others , who get their water from the Passaic River watershed area .
Tittel said estrogen contamination indicates that wastewater plants that do not treat for the chemicals , saying environmental leaders have made several attempts to designate the Wallkill River and the Great Swamp as `` Category 1 '' waterways .
The designation would have protected them from development . Each attempt failed , he said .
`` It 's happening anywhere where drinking water is coming out of the sewer plant , '' he said , noting that the estrogen is typically flushed into the waterways as urine . He said many people also dispose the medications containing the female hormone in the toilets
`` It is an issue , '' he said .
Considine , who said Tittel 's claims about the connection to drinking water are a `` stretch , '' acknowledged that chemicals run off the land from agricultural operations have infiltrated N.J. waterways , but they did n't necessarily find their way to drinking water supplies .
He also acknowledged chemicals have been discharged by wastewater treatment plants , including common pharmaceuticals , that wastewater treatment plants are not designed to remove .
`` An example is birth control medications . The body flushes the chemical out through urine . This urine then goes to your local sewage treatment plant . The sewage treatment plan is designed to treat human wastes but are not designed to remove these chemicals , '' he said . `` Birth control pills and other medications contain chemicals that could be affecting the gender characteristics of male fish . These chemicals are known as endocrine disruptors . ''
He also said the DEP is `` continuing to monitor all of the science on this topic , and has taken steps in conjunction with other state and local agencies to educate the public about not disposing their prescription medications down the toilet . ''
`` But how to address the fact that wastewater treatment plants do n't capture all of these chemicals before discharging their effluent remains the subject of many studies that are looking at ecological impacts , relative health risks , and potential costs of various treatment technologies , '' he said .
At the Wallkill Refuge , he said , most -- if not all anglers—fish for sport purposes . `` It 's not likely that anyone is doing subsistence fishing in the Wallkill and consuming large quantities of fish caught there , '' he said . `` The Wallkill falls under our general statewide fish advisories for freshwater fish , which most regular anglers are familiar with . ''
A hairdresser in Norway has been fined 10,000 kroner ( $ 1,200 ) on Monday for discriminating against a Muslim woman wearing a headscarf . Merete Hodne will also have to pay court costs of 5,000 kroner ( $ 750 ) following her conviction .
Hodne had also risked a prison sentence of up to six months for religious discrimination after she turned Malika Bayan , 24 , away from her salon in Bryne , in southwestern Norway , last October . Bayan told the authorities that when she went in and asked what it would cost to dye her hair , Bodne asked her to leave , saying she would n't touch the hair of anyone like her .
`` The court ... has no doubt that the defendant acted intentionally , that she deliberately discriminated against Bayan by expelling her from the salon because she is Muslim , '' said the ruling .
The 47-year-old plans to appeal the decision , her lawyer told NTB news agency , adding that the court had been unduly influenced by the fact that Hodne was previously a member of an anti-Islam organization .
`` I see it as a totalitarian symbol . When I see a hijab , I do n't think of religion , but of totalitarian ideologies and regimes , '' Hodne told the judges , according to Norwegian daily Verdens Gang .
Bayan hailed the decision , applauding the court for ruling that `` it was not OK to discriminate . ''
es/kms ( AFP , dpa )
Despite ESPN Whining , Nielsen Confirms Historic Subscriber Losses For Channel
from the not-just-a-river-in-Egypt dept
`` This most recent snapshot from Nielsen is a historic anomaly for the industry and inconsistent with much more moderated trends observed by other respected third party analysts . It also does not measure DMVPDs and other new distributors and we hope to work with Nielsen to capture this growing market in future reports . ''
Pretty amazing sign on ESPN 's College Gameday . pic.twitter.com/o2NfeMalSf — Jason Abbruzzese ( @ JasonAbbruzzese ) December 5 , 2015
Last week , we noted how Disney and ESPN threw a bit of a hissy fit when Nielsen data indicated that ESPN had one of the biggest subscriber losses in company history last month . According to Nielsen 's data , ESPN lost 621,000 homes in a single month , as well as losing 607,000 ESPN2 households and 674,000 ESPNU homes . That 's of course on the heels of losing more than 7 million subscribers over the last three years or so , thanks largely due to the rise of cord cutting , cord trimming ( scaling down your TV package ) and the rise of some `` skinny bundles '' that exclude ESPN from the base channel lineup.ESPN demanded that Nielsen withdraw its numbers , insisting they represented a `` dramatic , unexplainable variation '' that did n't match ESPN 's own numbers . Nielsen obliged , but after conducting an `` extensive '' review of the numbers found them to be `` accurate as originally released . '' Of course , this should n't be a surprise ; we 've noted how everybody but ESPN appears to have seen the writing on the wall . But instead of adapting to the changing times , ESPN responded by denying that cord cutting was real , and suing companies like Verizon for trying to bring some flexibility to the traditional cable bundle.Not too surprisingly , ESPN 's response in light of Nielsen confirming its numbers was to continue denying the very obvious fact that customers are tired of paying an arm and a leg for sports programming many of them simply do n't watch . From an ESPN statement given to the media : Except it 's not an `` anomaly '' at all if you 've been watching ESPN 's subscriber base drop 2-4 % per year right alongside dips in other broadcast ratings . Even sports , long believed to be the untouchable holy grail of television programming , has been suffering a notable decline as younger viewers look for cheaper , more flexible alternatives to the bloated cable bundle . ESPN 's response to these challenges ? Either outright denial or incorrect claims by company executive John Skinner that these departing customers are old , poor , and not worth keeping anyway.ESPN is the biggest beneficiary of the old method of bloated , overpriced channel bundles , but like so many broadcast and cable companies , it 's too terrified of prematurely harming the existing cable TV cash cow to try anything truly innovative . As a result , the company is seeing historic losses in subscribers , with apparently everybodyESPN seeing that this adaptation ( like a standalone streaming service ) will need to come sooner rather than later .
Filed Under : cord cutting , espn , ratings , subscribers
Companies : disney , espn , nielsen
Donald Trump 's claim phones at Trump Tower were bugged during 2016 presidential race is likely true — but rather by the Justice Department than by President Barack Obama as the commander-in-chief claims , former Gov . John Sununu , R-N.H. , told Newsmax TV .
And the liberal press is playing both sides of the fence in its reporting Trump 's charges , which were made in a series of controversial tweets , Sununu told host Steve Malzberg on Monday 's `` America Talks Live . ''
See Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV : Tune in beginning at 12 PM ET to see `` America Talks Live '' — on FiOS 615 , YouTube Livestream , Newsmax TV App from any smartphone , NewsmaxTV.com , Roku , Amazon Fire — More Systems Here
`` Up until the Trump tweet on being tapped , the theme in the liberal press was Trump and his people were doing horrible things , and we know it because their phone calls were tapped , '' Sununu said . `` Now that Trump says he was tapped , they reverse their claim .
`` This again is another case of the liberal media trying to have their cake and eat it too , or trying to have our cake and eat it too . They were all gloating before his tweet that there was information from wiretaps available to embarrass the Trump administration .
`` The mistake Trump made was saying Obama did it instead of the Obama administration ordered it . . . It probably was the Obama administration through the Loretta Lynch Justice Department that did it . ''
Sununu said he believes Attorney General Jeff Sessions is `` trying to find all the information there and eventually will put whatever they have in public , but it is amazing to me how quickly . . . the liberal press , can reverse course and not be called on it . ''
Sununu , who served as chief of staff to George H.W . Bush , is the author of `` The Quiet Man : The Indispensable Presidency of George H.W . Bush , '' published by Broadside Books .
That 's the question Glenn Reynolds likes to ask periodically over at Instapundit . Today we 'll add some data points to the file , starting with the news that the New York Times has settled a discrimination lawsuit . From The Daily Caller :
The New York Times should change its famous motto to “ all the blacks and women fit to fire. ” It apparently does not value diversity and is waging a war on women . Just months after calling the race , gender and age , discrimination and gender claim filed by a former Times advertising vice-president a “ malicious ” falsehood the paper quietly settled it-—probably for money . What happened to the “ vigorous defense ” that the mighty liberal broadsheet vowed to mount against Tracy Quitasol 's federal complaint ? In December , about one month after court-ordered mediation , both sides agreed to have the lawsuit dismissed with prejudice , meaning it ca n't be refiled . The settlement is apparently confidential . But legal experts say this quick resolution indicates that the Times likely paid to deep-six the embarrassing case , which the New York Post prominently covered after it was first exposed here . “ They likely paid her , ” says employment lawyer David Wimms . Asian-American Tracy Quitasol asserted that she was fired by Meredith Levien , now the chief revenue officer , after complaining about a male underling 's sexist and insubordinate behavior .
Meanwhile , out at Boalt Hall Law School at UC Berkeley , there 's this :
Dean of UC Berkeley School of Law sued for sexual harassment The dean of the University of California at Berkeley School of Law has been sued for sexual harassment by his executive assistant , who claims he inappropriately hugged , kissed and touched her starting in 2014 , according to court documents . The complaint was filed Tuesday against Berkeley Law Dean Sujit Choudhry and the University of California Board of Regents . Tyann Sorrell , the executive assistant , claims in the lawsuit that soon after Choudhry became dean in 2014 , he began rubbing her shoulders and arms , kissing her cheeks and giving her bear hugs that pressed her body against him , according to court documents . “ Choudhry 's kissing and hugging plaintiff was a near daily occurrence , ” according to the documents . Sorrell said it made her feel “ disgusted , humiliated , exposed and dirty . ”
Turns out this is merely the latest dean at the law school to have this problem :
Berkeley Law — one of the nation 's most prestigious law schools — has a history with sexual harassment allegations against its leaders . In 2002 , the school 's then-dean , John Dwyer , resigned after he was accused of sexually harassing a former law student , according to the Daily Californian , Berkeley 's student newspaper .
So why are liberal-run institutions such hotbeds of racism and sexism ? Open thread . . .
Markham city councillors have voted in support of a funding plan to build an NHL-style arena with the help of public funding .
The vote followed a debate that stretched into the early hours of Wednesday morning .
A motion rejecting the financial framework around the so-called GTA Centre was defeated 7-6 .
The proposed 20,000-seat arena is estimated to cost some $ 325 million .
Markham is a city of about 300,000 people just north of Toronto .
Councillors were expected to vote on the plan sometime late Tuesday night — but with at least 60 people or groups registered to speak on the motion , the final vote was pushed back to just before 3 a.m. Wednesday morning .
The big draw for many in Markham is the suggestion that the new rink could be a potential home for a new NHL franchise .
Dr. Ken Ng of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce called it a `` once in a lifetime chance to leave a legacy . ''
Former NHLPA executive Paul Kelly said if the city does n't act now it may miss the boat forever . `` If you do n't act now you 'll likely never have another chance to get an NHL team , '' he said .
Under the proposal , half of the money would be put up by the Remington Group .
`` It 's unprecedented what Remington [ Group ] is doing , making this type of contribution towards an amazing facility for our city , '' said Markham Mayor Frank Scarpitti on Monday .
Although half the money would come from private sources , the other half would come from a levy on newly built homes , townhouses and condominiums .
`` Based on the formula , getting half the money from Remington , based on the growth that 's coming to the city of Markham over the next 20 years — that we know is coming — this is about as good as it gets anywhere in the country , '' Scarpitti told CBC News .
Toronto could support more than one NHL team , expert says
At least one expert thinks the GTA could support more than one NHL team .
Matthew Mendelson is the director of the Mowatt Centre at the School of Public Policy and Governance at the University of Toronto .
`` The GTA is 10 times bigger than Winnipeg , it 's 10 times bigger than Ottawa , '' he told Metro Morning , Wednesday . `` The corporate concentration here , the wealth in this city compared to places like Winnipeg or Ottawa is astronomical . ''
Mendelson worked on a 2011 study that found Canada could support 12 NHL teams , including a second or third team in the GTA .
But while the study found the GTA could easily support a team , Mendelson said that does n't mean it will happen anytime soon .
`` The NHL is not a market , it 's a cartel , '' he said . `` It 's controlled . They control their product and they determine where to put their teams based on other factors and those factors relate to their desire to build a market in the United States . ''
Arena plan faces opposition
The internal politics of the NHL aside , Markham 's new area plan also has many detractors .
Many who spoke at the meeting said they do n't want the arena paid for with public money . Coun . Don Hamilton said raising property taxes to pay for the project raises alarm bells .
`` Members of the community that I 've spoken to , they do not all support the city being financially involved [ in the project ] , '' Hamilton said .
Opponents also point to a lack of proven revenue sources for the arena if an NHL franchise does n't materialize .
Marilyn Ginsburg of Grandview Residents Association put the vote in an historical context .
`` The captain of the Titanic was waiting for info on conditions , '' said Ginsburg .
She warned councillors not to `` wait too long or you 'll go down with a sinking ship . ''
Saturday , 24th November , 2012
QPR owner Tony Fernandes has strongly hinted that fan pressure led to the sacking of manager Mark Hughes .
The former Manchester City boss was shown the door at Loftus Road yesterday , following QPR 's poor start to the new Premier League season , which has seen the side sit bottom of the league without a single win so far .
Hughes was backed substantially in the transfer market over the summer , but QPR only have four points from four draws to show for their investment in new players .
Now the Welshman is gone and Fernandes has insisted the fans ' views have been fully taken into account .
`` This is a club where the chairman and shareholders look at all things in a long term view '' , he announced via his Twitter account .
`` But also take the views of the fans who are the most important constituents of the club . To us fans come first . ''
The QPR supremo also insisted that the path the club want to take has not been changed by switching manager .
`` Though we have a change the long term vision of the club remains and much good work has already been done and will continue . ''
Former Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp is expected to be the Rs ' new boss , with the 65-year-old in talks about taking over .
QPR face Manchester United at Old Trafford in the Premier League later today .
New weekend betting tips and previews at Inside Bet !
Bottled imports from Argentina were down in 2012 after 11 years of consistent growth .
‘ Red blend ' leader : Cupcake
Chilean imports continued on a steady decline that began mid-2011 and Australian imports fell to the lowest level in a decade , according to a recent study .
The findings , by consulting firm Gomberg , Fredrikson & Associates , were presented at the annual Unified Wine & Grape Symposium held in Sacramento in the last week of January .
French table wine found its way back on many Americans ' tables with imports up 4.8 % after reaching a 10-year low in 2011 .
Spanish imports , which had n't suffered as badly in recent years as French , reached a record high in 2012 , up 6 % .
Preliminary estimates show that imported wine accounted for 35 % of the year 's total wine volume , up 11 % .
At the low end of the market Moscato continued to show strong but slightly sweet ‘ red blends ' dominated supermarket shelf space , gaining 29 % and selling 367,000 cases to Moscato 's 90,000 .
The red blends category was led by the brands Cupcake and Apothic .
For single varietal wines , namely Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon , consumers proved they were willing to pay a little more with both varieties showing growth in the US $ 10- $ 14 category .
Bulk wine proved to be a key player on the global market , particularly for the New World .
In 2011 , bulk wine accounted for 45 % of New World exports , as tighter California supply , and increases in pricing , drove wineries to source more bulk from the global market , according to Glenn Proctor of wine and grape broker Ciatti Company .
‘ I know we [ in California ] think we grow the best Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon , but there are other regions that grow it and you can get it , ' he said .
The US imported the equivalent of 40m cases of wine and exported the equivalent of 20m cases . ‘ It 's like ships passing in the night , ' one panellist commented .
The decrease in bottle imports and the rise in bulk imports from countries like Argentina , Chile and Australia suggests that Americans are increasingly brand loyal and less concerned with source of origin .
Proctor stressed that this would increasingly be the case and attendees , many of them grape growers , were encouraged to embrace the global market .
As if to emphasize this , Fredrikson chose Gallo and Constellation , which collectively own 14 of the fastest-growing brands ( by revenue ) in the US , as ‘ Wineries of the Year ' .
Written by Courtney Humiston in Sonoma
An Australian man who is walking around the country for charity in a Stormtrooper costume has been saved from a potentially deadly snake bite by his armour .
Scott Loxley , who has raised $ 40,000 for the Monash Children 's Hospital so far , was on day 277 of his 15,000km journey across Australia , when he came across a King Brown snake as he was leaving Yalboroo in Queensland .
Initially thinking the snake was dead , Mr Loxley went to walk past it when it began to move .
“ Turns out it was n't dead ” , he said in a video on his Facebook page .
“ It was a big old King Brown . ”
“ And he 's lunged at me and bit me in the shin ” .
Mr Loxley has raised $ 40,000 for the Monash Children 's Hospital so far ( Facebook ) ( )
Mr Loxley was saved from the snake 's deadly venom by his plastic Stormtrooper armour .
“ The armour actually protected me and stopped the bite , ” Mr Loxley said , laughing in his video .
“ I could feel the teeth on the plastic , scraping , but the armour actually stopped something . ”
Mr Loxley was quick to defend the Stormtroopers from George Lucas ' popular Star Wars series , where they are infamous for being defeated very easily .
“ So all those people that rag on the old Stormtroopers , you know , ‘ the armour does n't do this it , does n't do that ' , it stopped a snake bite and probably saved my life today . ”
The Australian Geographic site lists the Mulga Snake , commonly known as the King Brown , as the sixth most dangerous snake in Australia , saying it has the “ largest-recorded venom output of any in the world - delivering 150mg in one bite ” .
Mr Loxley hopes to raise $ 100,000 for the hospital by the end of his journey . ( Facebook ) ( )
Mr Loxley has been travelling through Queensland since last month , after making the long journey through Victoria , South Australia , Western Australia and across northern Australia .
He hopes to raise $ 100,000 for the Monash Children 's Hospital by the end of his journey .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
I was 7 years old—just a year older than Suri Cruise—when I entered the Orwellian world of rules , rewards , and punishments known as the Church of Scientology .
Before that , I had led a relatively normal life with my family in London . My parents were Scientologists , but not in a zealous way . Then my mother decided to become more involved with the church , and we moved to Clearwater , Florida , where she joined a religious order called the Sea Organization . She signed a contract commiting herself to the group for a billion years—covering her future lives , as the church believes people are immortal . We settled into a compound with other families . The year was 1986 . I remember it as the year I lost my freedom .
I imagine that Katie Holmes is trying to protect her daughter , Suri , from the rigid world of Scientology now , and I applaud Katie for that . I wish my mother had done the same .
Instead , my own mother became a stranger to me , when I needed her most—when I was a scared kid in a strange compound in Florida . But in the Sea Org , as it is known , parents are n't supposed to pay much attention to their children ; kids are a distraction from a higher mission .
Scientology , founded by the late science-fiction novelist L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s , has its roots in Hubbard 's self-help system known as Dianetics . Hubbard believed that people could be counseled , or “ audited , ” to recall and cast off negative events that prevent them from reaching their full potential . The Sea Org came along after Scientology , in 1967 , initially operating from several ships . The group essentially serves as the managerial arm of the church ; its members live together in communal compounds , wear uniforms , work for minimal wages , and supervise church operations . It is run with military precision .
Suri Cruise may be having a different experience with the church than I did as a child . Her parents are celebrities , and are likely treated as such . They would be more like “ public ” Scientologists , people who live at home and have careers outside the church . But Suri could certainly be going through indoctrination . She could be learning that if something bad happens to her , it 's because she “ pulled it in , ” or brought it on herself with negative thoughts . If her friends question her religion , she may be labeled a “ potential trouble source , ” a person with bad influences . She would be taught that wanting to leave the church is deeply shameful—and possibly a result of her misdeeds in a previous life , coming back to haunt her . She would need to be “ audited ” to bring her back in line .
I was “ audited ” from an early age , even before we moved to Florida . I remember a Scientology official asking me to answer the same questions over and over , or telling me to touch a wall time and again , until I felt almost dizzy . The repetition in an auditing session , essentially , is designed to help you clear your mind , and make the physical world disappear—to separate you from your body . In Scientology , you go through increasingly advanced sessions over the years , to ensure that your mind remains “ clear , ” that you shed negative thoughts and reach your potential .
Once , after one of these childhood auditing sessions in London , I fell while running down a hill . I remember my mother telling me this was a good thing ; it meant I had left my body . It 's a memory that stayed with me , in vivid detail . I did n't quite understand what my mother was saying , but I knew it was important . It was an indicator of what was to come .
In the compound in Florida , my mother seemed to change overnight , transforming from a loving , caring parent into a distant , aloof figure , as she dedicated herself to her religion . She had grown up in Scientology ; she took her new role in the Sea Org very seriously . I remember a time , soon after we moved to the compound , when I was delirious with fever and desperately wanted her by my side . She came—but only briefly , before disappearing . I felt abandoned .
I saw her only once or twice a week . I was n't supposed to call her “ Mom ” in public , but rather “ Sir , ” reflecting her rank within the organization . My older brother also signed the billion-year contract , dedicating himself to the Sea Org . My dad reluctantly committed himself to the organization , too . As an architect , he was sent off to renovate a Scientology ship , the Freewinds , where Tom Cruise would later celebrate his birthday . My little sister and I were too young to become full-fledged members of the organization , so we became trainees .
My first two years in Florida , I attended a public school , along with other Scientologist kids . Our group was not terribly popular—we often had head lice , I guess because we were all living together in the compound , sleeping in dorm rooms on sofas and bunk beds . We were dressed in old , sometimes stained and torn clothing . The compound was n't the cleanest of places , even though we were all tasked with cleaning chores after school , like sweeping floors and scrubbing toilets .
I made friends within our community , but they did n't feel like real friends ; I could n't confide in them that I felt miserable , or they would tell on me for being negative . There were rewards for good behavior—such as a dip in a swimming pool—and punishments for bad behavior—such as extra chores . There was always a looming threat of hard labor for those who seriously misbehaved . At night we drank a beverage we called “ CalMag , ” a terrible mixture of calcium , magnesium , vinegar , and water . It was supposed to calm us down . I 'm 33 years old now and can taste it still when I think of it .
When I was 9 , my mother got transferred to Los Angeles . Our family moved into a rundown apartment , and my public-school days were over . Instead I went to Cadet School , a training school for the Sea Org , where I learned the basics of reading , writing , and math , but had no classes in subjects like history or geography . After school , I worked for hours in the basement of the Sea Org offices , filing papers and doing other organizational tasks . I often stayed there overnight with my fellow students , sleeping on cots .
I complained to my father , and he got me into a different school , also run by Scientologists . This school , called Ability Plus , was supposed to be better , but it was about the same . There was no real curriculum ; our teacher spent hours reading to us from L. Ron Hubbard 's science-fiction book Battlefield Earth . Other than that , I remember a lot of spelling bees and math bees .
At this point , my father had begun to get frustrated with the rules of the Sea Org . He separated from my mother , taking a leave of absence from the Sea Org and becoming a “ public ” Scientologist . I continued to live with him in the apartment , while my mother moved to a Sea Org compound .
In my early teens , I , too , began to rebel . I envied the public-school kids and their freedoms . I started smoking . But at the same time , I feared the outside world . I had been told that kids in public school are all on psychiatric drugs . And I knew that leaving the church would mean separating , or “ disconnecting , ” from my family ; it would mean I was a flawed , dishonorable person .
So , at age 14 , I agreed to commit myself to the Sea Org . I attended a two-week boot camp called the Estates Project Force . There , from morning till night , I memorized Sea Org policy , performed chores such as emptying trash cans and polishing shoes , and eventually , signed the billion-year contract .
People often married young within the Sea Org , as premarital sex was forbidden . I chose a husband at age 15 , a 22-year-old named Jason Merrill . I was attracted to him and we had known each other for some time ; we married in Las Vegas , with parental consent and a signed order from a judge , as I was underage .
We eventually settled into a small room at a Sea Org compound , and I accepted my fate—for the most part . Sometimes , I would sneak away at from bed at night and visit my father , and remember that outside world . He lived in a comfortable house and had a cat ; visiting him felt like heaven .
One of my first jobs as an official member of the Sea Org was in the security department , meaning I had to make sure people obeyed church rules and ethics . It seemed that people were always in some kind of trouble—the place felt ruled by fear . You could get in trouble for random things ; for instance , someone might question why there were so many loose papers on your desk . Another thing you could get in trouble for : masturbation . Early on in my new job , I had to sit down with a man in his 40s who had admitted to masturbating , and tell him to cut it out . I was 15 years old .
A turning point came when I was 17 . For reasons I do not know—perhaps money-related—members of the Sea Org were suddenly advised not to have children . We were told that a pregnant woman would be turned out of the organization . I felt shocked and betrayed ; I had always wanted kids . A wave of depression set in . I felt I had utterly no freedom or control over my life . I worked round the clock ; I was not allowed to go to school . I saw a dreary future unfolding .
And then , I had an idea—a way out . I would secretly get pregnant . Maybe it could help me exit the organization without the usual routine : the relentless chastising , ostracizing , and auditing from superiors that often made people feel they should stay . I knew that leaving the Sea Org , or “ blowing , ” as it was called , meant separating from my family , and the thought of it tortured me , but my mother and sister had been transferred to Florida without me , and it had become increasingly difficult to visit my father . My family was already disjointed . I stopped taking my birth-control pills . I got pregnant .
As I hid my pregnancy and dreamed of escape , I decided not to discuss it with the officials , but just to go . So , one morning in February 1998 , I snuck off to my father 's house . My plan was to go from there to the airport , where I would fly to my aunt 's house in England . I did n't tell my dad my ultimate plan , as I did n't want to put him in a difficult position . I knew he would help me , but that the church would make my sister “ disconnect ” from him for doing so .
At the airport , I remember looking around frantically , to see if anyone had followed . Indeed , someone had . I heard my brother , Matt , shout my name as I neared the security line . He was there with a Scientology security guard . I felt a searing pang of fear—and guilt . I did n't want to get Matt and my mother in trouble for my escape , but I had to go . I ran from him and made it to the plane .
In England , I was free—at least physically . Psychologically , I still felt connected to the church . Conflicting emotions tore me up inside . I did n't want to be viewed as a negative “ suppressive person ” who had left the church without following procedure , abandoning my family . So , two months later , I went back to Los Angeles to go through an official “ routing out ” procedure . Essentially , this meant confessing all my bad deeds over and over again , and eventually signing a document saying I had had a wonderful experience in the Sea Org .
I got ushered out unusually quickly , due to my rebellious pregnancy . I received a bill for $ 89,000 for the Scientology classes I 'd taken over the years . I filed for divorce from my husband , and moved in with my father . In September of 1998 , I gave birth to my daughter , Kate .
I remember being amazed in those early days by the most simple of freedoms , like riding my bike around a nearby park . I felt so free . Even a trip to the grocery store made me happy—I could buy whatever food I wanted . I began working with my father in his architecture firm , and he literally saved me , offering his full support and helping me realize what an oppressive environment I had been in . He encouraged me to get my GED , take college classes , and pursue my architecture license . He did the same for my sister , swooping in to whisk her away from the Cadet Org in Florida .
I started speaking out about my experience in Scientology , talking to publications like The San Francisco Chronicle and Glamour magazine . My mother stopped communicating with me , as did my brother . I started a website with two friends , Ex-Scientology Kids , inviting others to share their stories .
Today , it has been 14 years since my escape . I live in L.A. and have my architecture license . I continue to work with my dad , designing buildings . My sister has graduated from Berkeley with honors . My daughter just finished middle school ; I ca n't believe her classes—biology , Spanish , geometry . I 'd never had such classes myself ; I 'd never gone to middle school . My former husband has not kept in touch with either one of us .
I saw my mother two years ago , for the first time in a decade . Her sister , my aunt , had arranged the meeting , in the hopes that we could work things out . I can only describe seeing my mother after all those years as a strange and sad experience . She said she wanted to have a relationship with me , but that I needed to respect her beliefs . I said I could do that . I also said I would n't stop talking publicly about my experience within the church . I have not heard from her since .
I never did pay that $ 89,000 Scientology bill . I received several follow-up letters about it in the years after my exit from the church . It took me a long time to gain my confidence , to feel like I was a part of normal society . It saddens me deeply that I have no relationship with my mother ; I feel that she chose Scientology over her daughters .
At the same time , I 'm proud to be where I am today . I had the courage to leave and to choose my own future . I appreciate my freedom in a way that some people might not be able to imagine . I hope Suri Cruise gets to appreciate hers .
Home Computer Science Education : Where Are the Software Engineers of Tomorrow ? A short article by Robert Dewar and Edmond Schonberg . The authors claim that Computer Science ( CS ) education is neglecting basic skills , in particular in the areas of programming and formal methods . We consider that the general adoption of Java as a first programming language is in part responsible for this decline , but also explain why - in their opinion - C , C++ , Lisp , Ada and even Java are all crucial for the education of software engineers . Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - the newest first Date - the oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click `` Save settings '' to activate your changes .
The first event of the 2014-15 PGA Tour season will be minus the No . 1 player in the world .
Rory McIlroy will delay playing in the Frys.com Open until 2015 . Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Rory McIlroy has notified Frys.com officials that he wo n't compete in this year 's event but plans on being part of the field next year , tournament officials said Tuesday .
The Northern Irishman has had a busy summer , winning three straight events ( the Open Championship , the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational and the PGA Championship ) and rising back up to No . 1 in the world . McIlroy also will compete as part of Team Europe in the Ryder Cup next month in Scotland .
`` Fry 's congratulates Rory on his victories and looks forward to him playing next year , '' tournament president Duke Butler said in a statement . `` We are going to have an outstanding tournament this year with many well-known professionals competing at Silverado . ''
The Frys.com Open will be held Oct. 9-12 at Silverado Resort and Spa in Napa , California . Defending champion Jimmy Walker is among the early commitments .
Come on now . Do n't give us , obsessive Twin Peaks fans , that look . We waited long enough for the series to return , so if we want to spend the 167 hours between ‘ episodes ' decoding a potential secret code appearing in flickering airplane windows , then that 's what we 'll do .
Stop ! Rewind .
Flickering airplane windows ?
Check Part 7 's establishing shot of the FBI 's private jet flying past Mt . Shasta on its way to Yankton Federal Prison in Sioux City .
Notice the randomly white-outed windows ?
No ? Here 's a close-up of the Gulfstream G450 in slow motion , thanks to Li C .
You may think this is just the sun reflecting in the jet 's windows . Well , take a look at this negative version of the footage uploaded by Michael Godinez , which reveals the digital masks added in post to cover different windows frame after frame . UPDATE : As pointed out by ICYHOT , an area on the tail is masked as well .
UPDATE : Still not convinced ? Here 's the original footage WITHOUT any light flickering , thanks to RunDNA .
Ethan Harper has been intrigued by this discovery since Sunday night . “ There are exactly 135 frames in the sequence in question , ” he tells Welcome to Twin Peaks . Below is Ethan 's transcript in groups of 7-high blocks , which includes the first 31 frames where all windows are visible . Underneath , you 'll find alternative transcriptions by Nick Sharratt and Justin Brown .
But now what ? Do the numbers somehow add up to 430 , the first mystery number of the new season ?
Or maybe there 's always music in the air , and this is a flute fingering chart to play the tune Gordon Cole was whistling on a Native American 6-hole flute ?
Maybe it 's just Diane sending out Morse code for “ F * * * you , Internet ! ”
Welcome to Twin Peaks is calling all cryptanalysts to decipher the code in the comments . And should you think this is a little far-fetched , check out the FBI 's current dot code puzzle . A source of inspiration ?
The answer to the FBI 's cryptanalysis quiz is “ This time we used dot codes for each alphabet character . A little harder perhaps . Well done if you were able to solve it . ”
Minister of State for the Armed Forces , Mike Penning , was welcomed on board the the Queen Elizabeth class supercarriers in Rosyth .
Minister for the Armed Forces , Mike Penning MP , said :
“ These magnificent ships have created thousands of jobs in Rosyth and across the UK , and I am proud to meet the men and women who are bringing them into service .
These carriers will spearhead Britain 's sea power for the next 50 years , keeping our nation safe at home and protecting our interests abroad . They are just part of our investment in a growing Royal Navy , backed by a defence budget that will rise every year for the rest of the decade . ”
Jerry Kyd , the Commanding Officer of HMS Queen Elizabeth , said :
“ The Queen Elizabeth Class aircraft carriers are the product of a pioneering partnership between UK industry and the Ministry of Defence . As the Royal Navy 's flagships for the next 50 years , these ships will employ cutting edge technology to deliver fighting power at sea and over land .
Symbolising our nation in both steel and spirit , the Queen Elizabeth Class carriers will be powerful ambassadors for Britain on the global stage , in both peace time and times of conflict . These ships truly will be at the forefront of British military power projection for decades for generations to come . ”
Jon Pearson , Delivery Director for the Aircraft Carrier Alliance said :
“ The scale and complexity of the QE Class programme demonstrates the ability of British Industry to deliver world-class products and capability to our Armed Forces .
Both ships are at an highly advanced state , and it was a pleasure to host the Minister on HMS Queen Elizabeth as the Aircraft Carrier Alliance prepares her for the Ship 's Company living on board early next year . ”
Currently in the final stages of completion , HMS Queen Elizabeth is due to go sea for contractor trials in the New Year .
She 'll return to the Forth once those are done for a final period of fitting out and testing .
She is due in Portsmouth around the 9th of May 2017 .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said :
“ Work on the Carriers is a national undertaking , with shipyards across the country , from Scotland to Devon , lending Great British brainpower and skills to the programme . ”
Merlin helicopters will be the first aircraft to begin flying from HMS Queen Elizabeth , soon followed by Apache , Wildcat , Chinook and F-35 .
The Queen Elizabeth is due to start sea trials next year before its first deployment in 2021 , followed by its sister ship , the Prince of Wales .
It was stated that the Merlins will start simple flight activities in March 2017 and then first-class flight trials begin in early 2018 .
Former First Sea Lord George Zambellas said :
“ When the first of our new carriers , HMS Queen Elizabeth , deploys on her first mission in a few years , with fifth generation fighters and drones embarked , she will scotch at a stroke any talk of Britain 's retreat from the world . ”
The Queen Elizabeth class mark a change from expressing carrier power in terms of number of aircraft carried , to the number of sortie 's that can be generated from the deck . The class are not the largest class of carrier in the world but they are most likely the smallest and least expensive carrier the Royal Navy could build which still have the advantages that large carriers offer .
January 30 , 2016 ; Kahuku , HI , USA ; Team Irvin quarterback Russell Wilson of the Seattle Seahawks ( 3 ) passes the football during the 2016 Pro Bowl practice at Turtle Bay Resort . Mandatory Credit : Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson has taken some heat this week for embellishing stories in a college commencement speech , but it gets worse… .
It 's been a rough few days for Russell Wilson . The affable Seattle Seahawks star quarterback is being besieged by a hailstorm of criticism following comments he made during his commencement speech at the University of Wisconsin on Saturday .
You 've probably heard it by now ; Wilson seems to have exaggerated a few things . He claims former North Carolina State head football coach Tom O'Brien not only kicked him off the team in favor of Mike Glennon his senior year , but told him he would never play in the NFL and should “ give it up. ” Claims he made about his playing time as a baseball player for the Wolfpack have also come under question .
Both of these narratives have since been refuted by various sources , uncovered by reporters digging deep to chase down these earth-shattering revelations .
Until now , Wilson 's image has been squeaky clean ; he 's the guy who tweets bible verses , visits sick kids in the hospital every week , and has achieved great stardom and success through a maniacal work ethic and unshakable self-belief .
But to read some of these stories being written about his speech , you would think Wilson has been living a double life all these years and has us all fooled .
Well , perhaps he has… ..
12th Man Rising has learned through sources close to Wilson that he does , indeed , sleep . In fact , he reportedly gets some measure of sleep every single night , sometimes as much as seven or eight hours .
“ I should n't be saying this , ” says our source… . “ but not only does he grab a few hours of sleep every night , I 've talked to other people who know him well , and they say he even takes naps on occasion . ”
If true , this is a starling revelation . Wilson 's # NoTime2Sleep hastag on social media is something he 's used since his rookie year . In fact , he used it just this morning . Here are a few examples :
Hard Work Pays Off ! # NoTime2Sleep — Russell Wilson ( @ DangeRussWilson ) May 17 , 2016
But now , based on this new information , we know that Wilson actually does sleep .
“ He 's a fraud , ” says another source with knowledge of Wilson 's sleeping habits . “ He has a bed and everything . A really nice one . After he signed that big contract last year he went and got one of those fancy memory foam beds with the adjustable back . And do n't even get me started about how nice his pillows are ! ”
So where does this leave Wilson 's reputation ? In the last 72 hours we 've discovered that he 's a completely dishonest storyteller . Can anything he does or says from now on be trusted ?
Wilson seems to have some serious fence-mending to do , and he would be wise to get started right away or his already-tarnished legacy may take an even more significant blow .
But then again , he may be sleeping .
Hi everyone . I 'm happy to confirm that the PlayStation Mobile store opens today in an additional eight countries across the SCEE region : Belgium , Denmark , Finland , Ireland , Netherlands , Norway , Sweden and New Zealand .
If you have a PlayStation Certified smartphone or tablet , you just need to download the free PlayStation Mobile app to play a wide range of fun and exciting games .
You can also play all of these pocket-sized games on your PlayStation Vita – just head to the PlayStation Mobile section of PlayStation Store to see all of the games available to you .
Best of all , you only need to purchase a game once to play it on up to three devices – so you can play the same game on your smartphone , tablet and your PS Vita .
A selection of games launch today , with more to follow . Here are two of my top picks to get you started :
Feed me Oil
When hunger strikes , strike oil ! Welcome to a weird and wonderful place where the land is literally alive – and it 's starving ! Your job is to get the oil from the broken pipe to the mouths of the strange creatures . It wo n't be easy though , as you 'll need to use all sorts of fun tools , as well as your brains , to solve the puzzles .
Aqua Kitty : Milk Mine Defender
You and your team of milk-mining kittens have overcome a fear of water to drill down under the ocean seabed and begin extracting vast reserves of what seems to be naturally forming full-fat milk . Get ready for fast paced submarine action , defending the kittens from disruptive mechanical sea creatures . The milk must flow !
To find out more about PlayStation Mobile , please visit uk.playstation.com/playstation-mobile .
If the story of the poop emoji 's rise were told in emojis , it would look like this :
advertisement
advertisement
…which is to say , it is an international tale of drama , cultural differences , and near-disasters . This is that tale , told for the first time by the unsung heroes who brought to life . But to understand them , you first need to understand how emoji works . An emoji is not a photo . That may sound obvious , but it 's also an important technical distinction . When you text a photo to a friend , you are sending the data of that specific image . But when you pull up an emoji on your iPhone , for example , you are looking at a library of images designed by Apple . When you select the smiling and send it to a friend 's Android , the iPhone sends data called a “ code point ” to the Android , and the Android understands that you 've sent a code point for . Then the Android displays the emoji that its own developers designed . This is the case on every platform : Designers create their own versions of the same emoji , and an organization called the Unicode Consortium ensures that the code points are the same and recognized among all devices and services . That 's why , today , the data for is the same everywhere . But that was n't always the case . Emoji began in 1999 in Japan . That 's when Japan 's three major telecom carriers—KDDI AU , SoftBank , and NTT-DoCoMo—created their first series of little graphics . But the system was rudimentary . Users could only text emoji to each other or send them through a specific email platform that only worked on mobile phones . And the telecom carriers had n't coordinated their code points , which left Japanese users on the constant brink of a social meltdown : sending a , say , could result in a on a different carrier 's phone . And so it went with minimal improvement until 2007 , when Google partnered with one of the telecom carriers , KDDI AU , and decided to adopt emoji for Gmail . To make things simple , it volunteered to fix the code point confusion for all three Japanese telecom companies once and for all . And that 's where our story picks up . . . CHAPTER ONE : RESISTANCE TO THE
advertisement
Darick Tong , Google software engineer and American lead of its emoji project : The internal project name was “ Mojo. ” The motivation was to expand Google 's presence in Japan and Asia . The one thing that was missing from the Gmail experience was a good handling of emoji , which is very engrained in the culture of Japan . Darren Lewis , Google software engineer : It was a bigger undertaking than we thought . People internally were like , “ Why is it taking so long ? It 's just a bunch of stupid animated emoticons. ” The Google marketing people did n't even want us to call it emoji because it was this weird foreign Japanese thing . Takeshi Kishimoto , then-Google 's Japanese product manager : In Japanese , “ E ” means image and “ Moji ” means character . Katsuhiko “ Kat ” Momoi , Google test engineer and internationalization expert : I 've looked at some studies about how people [ in Japan ] feel about emoji and one of the things that they said is that it 's the easiest way to apologize—words ca n't express enough . Or there 's another typical thing that female users say that if they receive mail that 's just letters and no symbols or emoji it feels like dry , dry , dry mail . If you include a few emojis suddenly it becomes personal . It brings a smile to your eyes . It softens the mood . It makes you feel like you received something with some emotional content . Darren : I went over to Japan right around the time Takeshi was deciding which emoji were going to make it into the first cut of Gmail emoji . The
was absolutely one of the necessary emoji that Takeshi said we have to have . There was actually conflict because there were people back at headquarters who had no idea what emoji were , and thought that having an animated in their Gmail was offensive . Darick : There were a lot of purists who felt like emoji was invading the purity of email . We pushed hard for the emoji .
advertisement
Darren : I thought it was a joke that they were pushing for the to be in the first cut , but I quickly learned that it was not a joke at all . It 's basically like having all of the letters in the English alphabet , but getting rid of random ones . Like , “ Let 's take out ‘ B ' because ‘ B ' kind of offends me. ” In Japanese , emoji are more like characters than random animated emoticons , so we pushed back really hard . We said , “ We ca n't launch emoji without the . ” Not only is it extremely popular in Japan—like extremely popular—you ca n't just arbitrarily take letters out of the alphabet . Takeshi : I used some external power . I went to the product manager of Gmail , who manages everything about Gmail , and got [ him to agree ] that this is the most useful emoji . Darren : At some point there was a sort of larger-scale data analysis . We basically counted which emoji were statistically most popular , and was way up there . It was a slightly harder sell to allow the emoji outside of Japan . We argued that this would add complication to the system and take longer—that 's usually a good way to get a feature in . I ca n't even imagine what the meeting would be like with Takeshi and KDDI if they had to go back [ to their users ] and say , “ I 'm sorry , we decided we did n't want to offend our foreign Gmail users so we got rid of . ” CHAPTER 2 : THE ORIGIN OF THE Takeshi : got very popular when a comic called “ Dr . Slump ” was broadcast in Japan back to the '80s . Such was not an object to be disliked , but it had a funny meaning . This was a very popular comedy animation where a girl played a trick on other people using the . The was this funny object to play with . It was never serious .
advertisement
Dr. Slump Illustration : Deviant Art user VICDBZ Kat : In Japanese that 's called “ unchi. ” It 's a child word with a benign meaning . Once we bring outside of the Japanese community , we have all of these acquired meanings , so you 've got a problem . Well , this is insulting . Of course somebody will say , Did the Unicode Consortium sink this low as to support this kind of character ? Ryan Germick , lead of Google Doodle team : I would reject the notion that it has one meaning . It 's a symbol in context , sort of like memes . You can do all kinds of funny things with it and use it with skill , but I guess the most common use is probably “ that 's unfortunate , and I would like to punctuate my comment with a reiteration that I am displeased at what has just been expressed. ” It 's the anti-like . Takeshi : It says “ I do n't like that , ” but softly . Kat : The is the kind of thing where you 're at work and your wife or husband is at home with your children for the day and you want to find out if the little one ‘ d that today . There 's an insulting sense to it in English , I think . That was n't the original intent for the Japanese one . Darick : It struck me as a particularly flexible and effective emoji . It provides a way to say shit or crap in an email without explicitly typing the words , and it catches the reader 's attention in a way that smiley faces do n't . Most importantly , it always elicits a smile from the reader and the writer , which is ultimately the purest purpose of emoji : to add emotional expressiveness to written communication . CHAPTER THREE : DESIGNING GMAIL 'S
advertisement
The Google team had an important decision to make : What would its emoji look like ? Each of the three Japanese telecom companies had their own design , and there was also “ Dr . Slump ” to draw inspiration from . But this would be the first emoji that most Americans would see , and it had to be stylistically in line with Google 's existing visuals . The Google Doodle team , the designers who create Google 's website logo each day , took control . Ryan Germick : Myself and Susie Sahim were the two designers from Google who designed the emojis . For the historical record , Susie did most of the faces and I did most of the objects . We thought long and hard about how we could have a Google spin on all the emojis . We did a ton of research because we were obsessed with trying to do something new and original . We were determined to be this off-tier and unique emoji set . We made an extremely strict system . There was an extraordinarily restricted color palate . There are only four or five different shades of each color and we only used the Google colors—red , blue , green , and yellow . We only used one color per emoji because different colors will add to the file size . We wanted something that would be really really fast and really really small . We settled on 15 x 15 pixels because it 's roughly what the average line height would be . Maybe we were geniuses . It 's all a blur . I only of course vividly remember the emoji . I remember being so excited that I worked at a company that was huge and I was going to be able to make . Darren : When I first saw the emoji I laughed—it was awesome . Ryan : When you 're working in a really tiny space , building a communication tool and trying to express an idea for people who are going to look at it for fractions of a second , you 've got to be really ruthless with how clear you are . My greatest contribution is probably the little flies flying around the . It brings it to life . It 's timeless . You could smell it . It 's in this moment . Darick : Gmail 's version with the circling flies is , in my opinion , an excellent use of animation .
advertisement
Ryan : How powerful is it that this language just takes a few marks and all of a sudden a completely new experience is read ? It 's not surprising that that comes from languages that have a basis in graphic symbols—from Japan or from China . Those languages are constructed with similar types of images . A tree looks like a tree in Chinese ( 木 ) , and a forest is multiple trees ( 森林 ) . It 's very appropriate that we 're following the lead of languages that are more or less graphic . It 's actually really , really powerful . This was not a way to communicate 10 years ago , but now there 's nary an email that I do n't send out without a smiley face or something on it . Chaplin , the movie , has a scene when Charlie Chaplin is recalling the magical moment in which he constructed the tramp costume . The cane , the hat , the walk , the moustache just came together magically in what would be one of the most iconic characters of all time . In my own mythology of myself , designing of the would 've been like that . CHAPTER FOUR : WHY ONE JUST WAS N'T ENOUGH Darren : After we launched emoji I decided that it would be awesome to get the in Gchat , but it was going to be an Easter egg—a hidden feature . By this time , Google was a very big company and you could n't just slip features into products . But I asked Ryan if he could design an animated for Gchat and he came up with one . Ryan : I have often said that the Gmail emoticon is my proudest achievement . I knew that for years to come I could go to shopping malls and sign autographs . If times really got tough I could probably get , like , four people in a local library to be impressed . Darren : Usually , one engineer writes the code and then sends it to another engineer to review , but this process is public so everyone on the team sees all of the work that 's being done . I wrote the code and sent it to one of my colleagues who I had told before . I said , “ I 'm sneaking an animated into Gchat . I want you to review it . The title of the review is going be something really boring so no one will want to look at it. ” The was submitted . I decided to wait until it went live all across the world before telling my manager . I watched and waited for it to reach 100 % , praying that I did n't break Gmail . If I broke Gmail for animated , people would be super mad .
advertisement
There were no problems ! The first thing I did was send my product manager a like , “ Hey , check this out . What do you think ? ” He thought it was hilarious . I think that was probably one of the last real Easter eggs in Google products . It 's not so secret anymore but if you type ~ @ ~ it swirls into the and the flies go away . CHAPTER FIVE : GOES MAINSTREAM Google 's first emoji debuted in October , 2008 . A month later , Apple embraced them as well , though at the time American Apple users could only use them if they downloaded an app . In 2010 , emoji was officially approved by the Unicode Consortium , which meant that it was accepted industry-wide as a real language . As of 2014 , every mobile and desktop operating system supports emoji , including Twitter and Facebook . remains a mainstay , even as the emoji options become more numerous : This June , 250 more emojis were added to the Unicode standard , meaning that they could be transmitted across all devices , once designers create their own versions . And on November 5th , the Unicode Standard announced that its 2015 update would include a spectrum of diverse skin tones , rather than the largely homogenous faces currently available . Ryan : It would be fascinating to see how many times in a day somebody processes an icon 's meaning . To be literate in modern culture you 're familiar with dozens , hundreds of icons—this thing to eject , this means low batteries , this means I have Wi-Fi . It 's not a language that 's taught in school , but it 's a language you have to know to survive . There 's a continuum of this whole visual way of comprehending the world and emoji are very much a part of that . Darren : We never expected that it would turn into the worldwide sensation that it is now . Ryan : How many millions of occasions are there when [ the ] is the perfect response to whatever anybody says ? In a world where you can only like , star , or plus-one something , do n't you just wish that you could put a pile of on things ? Sometimes it feels so right .
advertisement
A note about the poop emoji : You might think the more modern emoji with the smiling face–similar to Dr. Slump–is more charming . We are sympathetic to that argument , but used Gmail 's original poop emoji throughout the majority of this story for historical consistency . A note about sources : Sources were identified by the jobs they held during the time discussed . Tong , Momoi , and Germick still work in similar roles for Google . Kishimoto is now a product manager for Android . Lewis left to create the video game startup FutureRetro—where , he says , “ no joke , the first game involves poop . ”
The OIS mechanism inside works wonders to keep the image steady as if the shot has been taken with a professional camera on rails set . Not only that , but Nokia 's Rich Recording technology that use three high-amplitude mics to deliver clear sound without distortion up to 140dB , works wonders at a concert video .
Xenon flash was put to the test , and managed to freeze a picture of rotating fan blades , which is a pretty awesome achievement for a smartphone , and you will surely appreciate a powerful Xenon unit for those group family portraits in the dimly lit room around a Thanksgiving dinner , too . Take a peek at the complete sample set in the slideshow below . Last , but not least , the first for a Windows Phone was put to the test , and managed to freeze a picture of rotating fan blades , which is a pretty awesome achievement for a smartphone , and you will surely appreciate a powerful Xenon unit for those group family portraits in the dimly lit room around a Thanksgiving dinner , too . Take a peek at the complete sample set in the slideshow below .
A set of camera tests and samples has appeared , done with the newly-announced Nokia Lumia 928 , and the results are pretty stellar when it comes to the optical image stabilization performance and the Xenon flash demo . Also , Nokia 's Smart Camera Lens seems to be making a cameo on the handset , bringing to WP8 what the default camera app is lacking like shutter speed control , manual white balance and so on .
Last December , Amazon launched a new clutch of data centers in London to support its extremely profitable cloud service business . You probably do n't care and almost certainly did n't notice , and so to remedy this situation , Amazon has decided to confuse London 's commuters . The company has temporarily fiddled with the signage in the central Westminster Tube station ( “ alight for Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament ” ) , changing the name on maps and roundels in the station to read “ Webminster ” instead .
Commuters are perplexed :
Why do all the Westminster tube signs say Webminster today ? I know I was just napping but I definitely did n't dream that ... — Lauren Marks ( @ lmarks84 ) January 12 , 2017
why has Westminster tube station seems to have been renamed ? ? this is real .. saw it this morning .. all the signs have been changed . pic.twitter.com/tbDwTpW8jO — Fragz ( Graham ) ( @ fragz ) January 12 , 2017
Some have twigged the basic idea :
Has anyone seen that the Westminster tube sign has become 'Webminster ' ? I 'm guessing it 's some tech initiative ... I know Smart Tosin ! — Tósìn ( @ DameTosin ) January 12 , 2017
Call me cynical , but you just know the whole # Webminster thing today at Westminster is going to relate to something very , very unexciting . — Ross Carter ( @ Ross_C_Carter ) January 12 , 2017
And others have worked out who 's responsible ( Amazon Web Services signage in other parts of the station presumably helped ) :
When @ amazon had too much money so decided to pay to rename Westminster station pic.twitter.com/tYecBaJVcE — Gio ( @ giovannicosta ) January 12 , 2017
It 's not actually the first time a corporation has bought ( temporarily ) a slice of the Tube . During the London Marathon in 2015 , Canada Water station was briefly renamed Buxton Water . But that at least gets points for being a more straightforward pun , while even the generous-hearted would agree that “ Webminster ” is pretty groan-worthy . Other suggestions we 've seen include Bermodemsy ( Bermondsey ) and Regent Spark ( Regent 's Park ) . Leave your own ideas below if the spirit takes you .
Against the Odds : Blood Pact ( Modern )
by SaffronOlive // Aug 31 , 2017 Tweet
video modern Against the Odds
Hello , everyone . Welcome to episode one hundred of Against the Odds . Last week , we had a Budget Magic-influenced Against the Odds poll featuring a bunch of Modern cards that literally make things cheaper . In the end , the black enchantment Blood Funnel came out on top by a wide margin . Blood Funnel might look harmless , but it 's actually a really tricky card to build around , since it wants us to play a lot of non-creature spells but then locks non-creature spells out of the game if we do n't have a creature to sacrifice to pay their cost . After a bunch of tries at building a good deck around Blood Funnel , I realized that the downside of Blood Funnel is so great that maybe I was approaching Blood Funnel all wrong . What if instead of dealing with the drawback , we give it to our opponent and force them to deal with the drawback ? If we are in the business of giving our things to our opponents , we might as well play some Demonic Pacts as well , and this is how Blood Pact came to be ! Can the combo of Blood Funnel and Demonic Pact , backed by Harmless Offering , pick up some wins in Modern ? Let 's get to the videos and figure it out ; then , we 'll talk more about the deck !
A quick reminder : if you enjoy the Against the Odds series and the other video content here on MTGGoldfish , make sure to subscribe to the MTGGoldfish YouTube Channel .
Against the Odds : Blood Pact ( Deck Tech )
Against the Odds : Blood Pact ( Games )
The Deck
When it came time to build around Blood Funnel , I started off with the most obvious plan : getting the enchantment onto the battlefield and then casting a bunch of two-mana artifacts for free , with the payoff being drawing cards with Vedalken Archmage and Monastery Mentor . After playing a couple of games with the deck , I realized it was basically just Eggs , except much worse . Since Eggs is n't exactly compelling to watch , I decided to look at other possibilities for Blood Funnel . Eventually , after getting locked under my own Blood Funnel for a couple of games in a row , it struck me that maybe the true power of Blood Funnel is n't as a combo piece that reduces the cost of our non-creature spells but as a lock piece that we have to Donate to our opponent !
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The upside of using Harmless Offering to give our opponent a Blood Funnel is that it 's way faster than other options like Demonic Pact . In fact , if we can play a creature on Turn 2 , we can cast Blood Funnel on Turn 3 , cast Harmless Offering for just a single mana ( sacrificing the creature to pay for Blood Funnel ) , and give our opponent the Blood Funnel . Just how good this line is mostly depends on the matchup . Against Ad Nauseam , Storm , or even various control decks , giving our opponent a Blood Funnel pretty much wins us the game on the spot . Against decks that use both creatures and spells ( like Death 's Shadow ) , it 's good but not just game over . The downside is against creature decks like Affinity or Merfolk . Giving our opponent a Blood Funnel does n't really do anything , which is why we need a backup Donate target .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Demonic Pact not only helps fix our bad matchups where Blood Funnel is n't good , but it also gives us redundancy with the effect . With both Blood Funnel and Demonic Pact , we have a total of eight game-winning Harmless Offering targets , which means we 're likely to have one in our hand every game . Demonic Pact can also win the game without Harmless Offering by emptying our opponent 's hand of answers , drawing us some cards and throwing damage at our opponent 's face . While it does n't work directly with Blood Funnel , we can use the cost reduction from Blood Funnel to cast our Demonic Pact on Turn 3 , which does speed up the deck a bit .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Dark Petition is absurd in our deck . When we have spell mastery ( which we almost always do , since we have a bunch of spells to play on Turn 1 before Blood Funnel ) and a Blood Funnel on the battlefield , Dark Petition is a free tutor . We spend three manas to cast it but immediately get the three mana back , giving us more than enough mana to immediately cast a Demonic Pact and probably a Harmless Offering as well if we need to . Beyond setting up our combo , the other reason Dark Petition is super important to our deck is that the very nature of Blood Funnel forces us to be a three-card combo .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The final piece of the puzzle is creatures , which we need to sacrifice to Blood Funnel to resolve our Demonic Pacts and Harmless Offerings . While it 's technically possible for our deck to win by beating down backed by damage from Demonic Pact , the main reason we are playing Bloodghast , Bitterblossom , and Geralf 's Messenger is that they are creatures we can sacrifice to Blood Funnel more than once , allowing us to resolve two spells for the price of one creature .
One of the biggest risks of playing Blood Funnel is that we can get locked by our own deck , which means having a creature is super important . As a result , we sometimes need to spend a Dark Petition to tutor one up , and even then there is a lot of risk . Imagine that we have a Bloodghast and a Blood Funnel on the battlefield and we are looking to Harmless Offering the Blood Funnel . We cast Harmless Offering and with the `` sac a creature or counter the spell '' trigger on the stack , our opponent Fatal Pushes our Bloodghast and then casts Surgical Extraction to get rid of all copies forever . Not only is our Harmless Offering countered , but we literally ca n't play non-creature spells until we find one of our two copies of Geralf 's Messenger .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The rest of the deck is some Turn 1 discard in Thoughtseize and Inquisition of Kozilek to disrupt combo and control decks , along with some early-game removal in Fatal Push and Terminate to deal with creature decks . Apart from helping us stay alive long enough to resolve our combo pieces , having a bunch of cheap spells is also key to turning on spell mastery for Dark Petition .
The Matchups
As far as the matchups are concerned , we have one major concern : how devastating it is to our opponent when we give them a Blood Funnel . As I mentioned before , Blood Funnel just wins us the game against some spell-heavy decks , while it does n't do much of anything against other creature-heavy decks . This means our worst matchups are aggressive decks that can get some big threats on the battlefield before we can assemble our combo ( and also Bogles , which we lost to twice during our videos ) . Meanwhile , our best matchups are slower spell-based combo decks like Ad Nauseam and also control decks , which get locked by Blood Funnel . Otherwise , the biggest challenge with Blood Pact is that we occasionally lose to ourselves , either by accidentally locking ourselves under our own Blood Funnel or by not finding all of our combo pieces in a timely manner .
The Odds
All in all , we played seven matches and won three , good for a 43 % match win percentage , along with winning 8 of 17 games for a 47 % game win percentage . While this is n't great , it also includes two match losses to Bogles , which seems like a horrible matchup . If we could somehow not count the two Bogles matchups , the percentages would rise to around 60 % . This is n't to say that the deck is great , but it is surprisingly good in some matchups , despite the inherent inconsistency of Blood Funnel . Basically , Blood Pact feels like a high risk / high reward deck where we either lock our opponent out of the game ( or kill them with Demonic Pact ) and win easily or end up locking ourselves ( or getting run over by aggro ) and losing horribly . Either way , it is fun to play and attacks in a really unique way .
Vote For Next Week 's Deck
Thanks to Commander 2017 and Ixalan , right now the focus of the Magic world is on tribal themes and creature types , so as we wait for Ixalan to release ( and the new legend rule to take effect ) , let 's travel back in time to the last time tribes really mattered : Lorwyn ! Which of these tribes should we play next week ? Let us know by voting below !
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Conclusion
Anyway , that 's all for today . Do n't forget to vote for next week 's deck ! As always , leave your thoughts , ideas , opinions , and suggestions in the comments , and you can reach me on Twitter @ SaffronOlive or at SaffronOlive @ MTGGoldfish.com .
Posted on by Pharmaciststeve
https : //www.cbsnews.com/news/opioid-epidemic-did-the-fda-ignite-the-crisis-60-minutes/
We have reported on the causes and effects of the opioid epidemic for several years — interviewing government whistleblowers , doctors , and Americans who 've grown dependent on the powerful pain pills . We have not had a high-ranking executive from the pharmaceutical industry sit before our cameras , until now . Tonight , Ed Thompson , a drug manufacturer who spent decades managing and producing opioids for Big Pharma , breaks ranks to denounce his industry and its federal regulator , the Food and Drug Administration , which he says opened the floodgates on the crisis with a few little changes to a label .
Ed Thompson : The root cause of this epidemic is the FDA 's illegal approval of opioids for the treatment of chronic pain .
Bill Whitaker : The FDA ignited this opioid crisis ?
Ed Thompson : Without question , they start the fire .
Ed Thompson speaks with correspondent Bill Whitaker
Ed Thompson told us when the top selling opioid , Oxycontin , was first approved in 1995 , it was based on science that only showed it safe and effective when used “ short-term. ” But in 2001 , pressured by Big Pharma and pain sufferers , the FDA made a fateful decision and , with no new science to back it up , expanded the use of Oxycontin to just about anyone with chronic ailments like arthritis and back pain .
Ed Thompson : So this is what a package insert looks like .
Bill Whitaker : Wow
The FDA did it by simply changing a few words on the label , that lengthy insert no one ever reads . Today the label says the powerful pain pills are effective for “ daily , around-the-clock , long-term… treatment. ” And that small label change made a big change in the way drug companies would market all opioids , allowing them to sell more and more pills at higher and higher doses .
Ed Thompson : A drug 's label is the single most important document for that product . It determines whether somebody can make $ 10 million or a billion dollars .
Bill Whitaker : How so ?
Ed Thompson : Because it allows you to then promote the drug based on the labeling .
Ed Thompson owns PMRS , a successful Pennsylvania pharmaceutical company that manufactures drugs for Big Pharma . It 's made him a rich man . But now he 's putting his livelihood at risk . He 's doing what no other drugmaker has ever done , he 's suing the FDA in federal court to force it to follow the science and limit the opioid label to short term use .
“ There are no studies on the safety or efficacy of opioids for long-term use . ”
Thompson is challenging the FDA to start with his newest opioid . It 's Thompson 's creative way to sabotage the system . He may lose money rolling out his new drug , but if he is successful , it would set a precedent . Other manufacturers would be forced to change their labels and limit their marketing .
Bill Whitaker : A decision going in your direction could pull down a multi-billion-dollar industry .
Ed Thompson : Correct . Probably somewhere between $ 7 and $ 10 billion a year would come off the market . We made a decision to stop selling snake oil to U.S. citizens in 1962 .
Bill Whitaker : Snake oil ?
Ed Thompson : Yes , sir . You 're using high-dose , long-duration opioids when they 've never been designed to do that . There 's no evidence that they 're effective . There 's extreme evidence of harms and deaths when you use them .
Brandeis professor Dr. Andrew Kolodny is one of the country 's most-recognized addiction specialists and has been an expert witness in litigation against Big Pharma , including Purdue , the maker of Oxycontin . He has been trying to get the FDA label changed since 2011 to make clear opioids are not for everyone .
Dr. Andrew Kolodny
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : These are essential medicines for easing suffering at the end of life and when used for a couple of days after major surgery or a serious accident . If you 're taking them around the clock every day , quickly , you become tolerant to the pain-relieving effect . In order to continue getting pain relief , you 'll need higher and higher doses . As the doses get higher , the treatment becomes more dangerous and the risk of death goes up .
Bill Whitaker : That sounds exactly like heroin addiction .
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : It 's essentially the same drug .
To understand how this began we traveled to this small courthouse in Welch , West Virginia , where we uncovered the minutes of secret meetings in 2001 between Purdue Pharma and the FDA . The files were part of the state 's lawsuit against Purdue for deceitful marketing .
60 Minutes got a court order to obtain these documents . They reveal it was at those secret meetings the FDA bowed to Purdue Pharma 's demands to ignore the lack of scientific data , and changed the label to , “ around the clock…for an extended period of time . ”
Ed Thompson : I ca n't think of anything more harmful taking place that took place then . It opened the floodgates . It was the decision of no return for the FDA .
Purdue told us Oxycontin always was approved for long-term use . But an internal document shows the company was jubilant about the labeling change . Quote : “ The action by the FDA…has created enormous opportunities ” to expand the market . The drug company 's ads soon extolled the virtues of Oxycontin 's effectiveness and sales tripled .
Dr. David Kessler : It was a marketing tsunami . And the agency did n't catch it .
60 Minutes has called on former FDA commissioner David Kessler many times for his expertise on drug safety issues . He ran the FDA in the 1990s when Oxycontin was first approved , but he left before the labeling change . Today , he 's been retained by cities and counties suing Big Pharma for the opioid crisis . After reviewing the documents we obtained , and checking on his own , he says changing the label to long-term use was a mistake .
Dr. David Kessler : There are no studies on the safety or efficacy of opioids for long-term use .
Bill Whitaker : But there 's a law that says that a drug can not be promoted as safe and effective unless it 's proven to be safe and effective . But yet , with FDA sanction , these opioids are being used in that way that you say have not been proven .
Dr. David Kessler : That 's correct . The rigorous kind of scientific evidence that the agency should be relying on is not there .
The label change was a blank check – one the drug industry cashed in for billions and billions of dollars . Now , Big Pharma had a green light to push opioids to tens of millions of new pain patients nationwide .
Bill Whitaker : Let me remind you of some of the words that you have used to describe the pharmaceutical industry , your industry .
Ed Thompson : Yeah ?
Bill Whitaker : Corrupt .
Ed Thompson : Yeah .
Bill Whitaker : Immoral ?
Ed Thompson : Yes .
Bill Whitaker : Depraved ?
Ed Thompson : Yes . They 're appropriate for the behavior that 's taken place .
Bill Whitaker : You are a drug executive . You manufacture drugs .
Ed Thompson : Many drugs .
Bill Whitaker : Are you at fault in this epidemic in any way ?
Ed Thompson : I wish I was smart enough to have seen this epidemic before– before I got three or four years into it . Absolutely . But once you find out that it 's not correct , you have to do the right thing . Is there anything more important ?
Emily Walden : My son wanted to fight for his country . His country failed him .
If there is one victim who confirmed for Ed Thompson that turning on his industry was the right thing to do , it was Emily Walden , who would become an unlikely ally . Thompson manufactured an opioid oxymorphone . The same drug that took the life of Walden 's son TJ , a private in the Kentucky National Guard .
Emily Walden : He was getting ready to be deployed to Africa and a few weeks prior to that he went on a camping trip with a group of friends and a police officer knocked on my door the next morning telling me that he had passed away .
Tj had grown addicted to the drug and was easily able to get it without a prescription . Walden went to Washington , D.C. to ask the FDA why her community was being flooded with pain pills . It was there she met Ed Rhompson .
Bill Whitaker : What did you say to him ?
Emily Walden : “ You manufactured the drug that killed my son . ”
Bill Whitaker : He is now on your side .
Emily Walden : Yes .
Bill Whitaker : That just seems like an odd connection .
Emily Walden : It is . But Ed might be my only hope in getting this fixed . The FDA 's responsibility is public health and the safety of drugs , and they 're not doing their job . They have n't been doing their job for 20 years .
Dr. Andrew Kolodny agrees . The Brandeis addiction specialist began his own investigation into why the FDA would approve the long-term use of opioids when there was no credible science to back it up .
Bill Whitaker : What did you find ?
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : We found out that a group of experts and FDA and pharmaceutical companies were having private meetings and at these meetings , changing the rules for how opioids get approved .
He filed Freedom of Information Act Requests . In email after email between the FDA , Big Pharma and consultants , he learned of closed-door meetings at luxury hotels , like this Four Seasons in Washington , DC , where for $ 35,000 a piece , drugmakers paid consultants to , “ sit at a small table with the FDA , ” “ hobnobbing with the regulators. ” Emails show one participant worrying it might be seen as “ pay to play . ”
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : They had drugs in their pipeline , pain medicines that they wanted approved . And through these meetings , they were able to get those products on the market .
Bill Whitaker : That sounds unethical .
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : It is unethical .
Bill Whitaker : If not illegal
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : If it 's not illegal , it should be illegal .
Equally suspicious but legal , the large number of key FDA regulators who went through the revolving door to jobs with drug manufacturers . The two medical officers , who originally approved Oxycontin , Curtis Wright and Douglas Kramer , went to work for the opioid maker , Purdue Pharma , not long after leaving the FDA .
Dr. Andrew Kolodny : The culture at FDA continues to be much too cozy with the industry it 's supposed to be regulating .
The agency bills drug companies more than $ 800 million a year in fees and depends on that industry money to pay the salaries of staffers who not only changed the opioid label , but also review new drugs like Dsuvia , the most powerful opioid pill ever approved .
Dr. David Kessler
Bill Whitaker : Just a few weeks ago the FDA approved a new opioid that is 1,000 times more powerful than morphine . And this is in the middle of this opioid epidemic . How is that possible ?
Dr. David Kessler : I do n't get it . I get your question ; I do n't get the agency 's action .
Bill Whitaker : Is n't the FDA supposed to be our watchdogs to protect us ?
Dr. David Kessler : How many people do you think were working in a division that oversaw promotion or when this epidemic started to occur ?
Bill Whitaker : I have no idea .
Dr. David Kessler : Five .
Bill Whitaker : When I 'm looking at the carnage in American towns and cities , that just does n't seem like a good excuse to me .
Dr. David Kessler : It 's not an excuse . It 's the reality . You have a system of pharmaceutical promotion that changed the way medicine practiced and no one , all right , stopped it .
Current FDA commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb declined our request for an interview but , in a statement said , “ the FDA has taken aggressive steps to confront the crisis , ” but he admitted “ many mistakes were made along the way… While the agency followed the law in approving and regulating opioids , we at the FDA include ourselves among those who should have acted sooner . ”
Bill Whitaker : You say they have to do things to fix the label . The label has been in place since 2001 . I– I 'm not a scientist , but that does n't seem like that 's that hard to do .
Dr. David Kessler : And it needs to be done .
Ed Thompson : We got a real problem here .
Ed Thompson is n't waiting . He has now joined a growing movement of doctors , lawyers , and patient activists who want Big Pharma to kick its addiction to opioid profits . That 's why he made the decision to take on his industry and the FDA .
Bill Whitaker : If you succeed , you could pull down a multibillion-dollar industry .
Ed Thompson : And if I fail , you 're gon na have ever-increasing deaths every day as well . It 's a pretty good decision , is n't it ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Filed under : General Problems | 6 Comments »
My Very Second Announcement about a Game I 'm Working On
Wednesday , December 3 , 2014
It 's been a couple months since I announced that I 'm working with Tom Happ on his amazing game , Axiom Verge . That game is coming together really well . Press has been excited about the slow reveal previews we 've been sending out , and players will be able to check it out this weekend at PlayStation Experience this weekend ( December 6-7 , 2014 ) in Las Vegas .
But it 's now time to talk about another project I 've been working on a bit for the last little while and will be working on quite a bit more : Chasm by Discord Games .
Chasm has a group of dedicated fans who have been tracking it since its successful Kickstarter last year , but for the most part James Petruzzi , Tim Dodd , and the other folks at Discord have been heads down focusing on building out the game and not really pursuing press , so it 's still under the radar for far too many people .
I Guess I Have a Type
Chasm is a retro-style 2D action-platformer that encourages exploration to unlock the secrets of a mysterious world . Wait a minute , are we still talking about Chasm or are we back to Axiom Verge ?
I 'll be the first to admit – there are definite similarities in terms of the genre and overall framework . Tight controls . Challenging boss fights and a wide range of enemies . But it 's the differences that really make both games stand out as prime examples of how much variety you can have within one genre . A genre that I tend to be a big fan of ! ( By the way , for some other recent examples of a great variety of games in this genre , check out Guacamelee and Teslagrad , among others . )
I 've been thinking about it , and the best analogy I can come up with is that Axiom Verge is to Cave Story as Chasm is to Spelunky . Combat in Chasm is much more up-close as opposed to being more of a shooter . There is a far greater emphasis on the platformer aspect of the gameplay : timing jumps , avoiding obstacles , just barely reaching that ledge . You can get a sense by checking out the PS4 trailer :
What Platforms and When ?
Chasm is currently confirmed for PS4 , PC , Mac , and Linux and is targeting the 2nd half of 2015 . We 're looking into what it would take to bring it to other consoles , such as the one from my former employer . We 're still in the due diligence phase and want to see what can be done to make it happen .
In the meantime , if you 've already been following Chasm , thank you for being there so early on . And if you 've never heard of it , well , make sure to keep it on your radar !
LORAIN , Ohio -- Police and U.S . Marshals on Tuesday arrested a man at gunpoint in connection with the hit-skip that killed a Cleveland police officer .
Police said they arrested Israel Alvarez , 44 , on suspicion of aggravated vehicular homicide and felony hit-skip . Formal charges will be filed after the case is reviewed by Cuyahoga County Prosecutors .
A SWAT team about 11:45 a.m. ordered Alvarez out of his ex-girlfriend 's home on West 31st Street , where police said they found a car linked to the early Tuesday crash that killed Cleveland Police officer David Fahey , 39 .
Fahey is the first Cleveland police officer to be killed in the line of duty since Derek Owens was shot and killed by a man he was chasing in February 2008 .
Alvarez put his hands over his head as officers pointed assault rifles at him . He walked down the stairs backwards and was arrested in the front yard .
He was put into the back of a Lorain police cruiser , driven up the road , and back to the scene . More Cleveland police officers arrived at the scene about 12:15 p.m .
Police took Alvarez from the Lorain cruiser and a Cleveland police officer re-handcuffed him using Fahey 's cuffs that officers brought from Cleveland .
`` That might not seem like a big thing to civilian folks , but that 's a huge thing to law enforcement to be able to do that , '' Cleveland Police Patrolmen 's Association President Steve Loomis said at the scene .
The officers put Alvarez in a Cleveland cruiser and drove off .
Loomis said a U.S . Homeland Security agent spotted the car shortly after police put out a description of the suspect 's car . Fahey 's partner , officer Jennifer Scarborrough , saw the crash and gave Fahey first aid at the scene , Loomis said .
She saw a partial license plate of the car and sent it to dispatch . Fahey died at MetroHealth about 40 minutes later .
The homeland security agent spotted the car about 9:30 a.m. , as Cleveland officials were announcing Fahey 's death outside the hospital .
Lorain police , state Highway Patrol , Cleveland police and U.S . Marshals surrounded the home . After about two hours , Alvarez came out of the home and was arrested .
`` We 're confident it 's the right guy , '' Loomis said . `` The car 's back there . ''
A Tunisian soldier has killed seven other troops after opening fire at a military base in the capital Tunis , state TV said .
At least another 10 soldiers were wounded at the Bouchoucha base on Monday before the attacker was shot dead himself .
It was not immediately clear what triggered the incident , but it caused alarm in a capital city still on edge after an attack in March by gunmen at the Bardo national museum .
Mohamed Ali Aroui , a spokesman for the interior ministry , said the incident was not being viewed as a terrorist attack .
`` The incident which took place at the Bouchoucha barracks is not connected with a terrorist operation , '' Aroui said .
A local school was evacuated after the shooting started at the base which is not far from the Bardo area .
Tunisian forces have been carrying out operations against armed groups since March when two gunmen opened fire on tourists at the Bardo museum , killing 21 foreigners in the worst attack in Tunisia in more than a decade .
Al Jazeera 's Nazanine Moshiri , who is reporting from Tunis , said the city was `` very much on edge at the moment and this latest incident will do nothing to calm fears here '' .
`` What happened will do nothing to reassure people already stunned by the Bardo museum attack , '' Moshiri said .
`` The army is supposed to be one of the most trusted institutions in the country . It 's responsible for protecting Tunisia 's borders from the instability and violence in Libya . ''
Since the overthrow of strongman Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 , several groups have launched attacks in the country .
Stormont vows 'heavy ' investment for direct Londonderry-Dublin rail link BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Northern Ireland will be `` investing heavily '' in a direct rail link between Londonderry and Dublin , Stormont 's infrastructure minister has vowed . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/stormont-vows-heavy-investment-for-direct-londonderrydublin-rail-link-35272798.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35043422.ece/a98f3/AUTOCROP/h342/derry-train.JPG
Email
Northern Ireland will be `` investing heavily '' in a direct rail link between Londonderry and Dublin , Stormont 's infrastructure minister has vowed .
Chris Hazzard said that he was specifically including the north-west 's premier city in a wider planned rail expansion along the eastern seaboard .
The proposed cross-border railway investment - part of a `` high-level study '' into expanding an eastern economic corridor - will also reach as far as Cork on the southern tip of the island , he told a parliamentary committee .
`` I purposely include Derry in that also , '' he said of the plans .
`` I think we need to look at Derry , Belfast , Dublin - and Cork also - when we look at rail expansion .
`` That is something we will be investing heavily in . ''
Mr Hazzard is meeting with Dublin 's transport minister Shane Ross about the proposals later this month .
The infrastructure minister said there is a growing demand for rail travel among the public .
His department is also looking at plans to enhance the existing Newry to Belfast service , where there are capacity issues , he told Dublin 's Oireachtas Jobs , Enterprise and Innovation committee .
`` In recent weeks I 've also taken the decision , and certainly will be working with colleagues in Dublin , to include the ability for passengers in Dublin to be able to board a train for Derry , '' he added .
`` To date , we have not had the opportunity to see Derry on a board when you are standing at ( Dublin 's ) Connolly Station .
`` So it is important to make people aware that you can get the train from Dublin to Derry also . ''
In October , Mr Hazzard gave the green light for a £26 million scheme to revamp Derry 's historic Waterside railway station as part of a plan to boost transport links in the city .
It is expected to be completed by 2020 .
Everybody knows Google is one of the net 's big kids , but how big is it exactly ?
Well , as Arbor Networks measures it , if Google were an ISP , it would be the third largest in the world and the fastest growing – if you are measuring the amount of traffic passed from its network to another .
Arbor sells network-control and monitoring equipment to the net 's biggest ISPs and networks , and knows as much about global network traffic as anyone .
Now much of that traffic comes from YouTube , since a three-minute video is the traffic equivalent of thousands of pages of search results – but that 's still a staggering number for a single company .
Moreover , Google has a dual strategy for moving away from paying top-level internet transit providers to serve as the middleman between its servers and the world 's consumer ISPs .
Now , more than half of its transit traffic is sent to those networks through direct peering relationships , according to the data ISPs provide Arbor Networks anonymously .
Moreover , Google has been deploying banks of servers inside those same networks , so traffic to Google 's servers never has to leave an ISP , cutting down on lag time and transit costs . Arbor estimates that more than half of the ISPs in Europe and North America are home to a bank of servers known as a Google Global Cache .
So where does this all fit with Google 's prominent announcement that it will test out a residential network that will bring internet connections of 1 Gbps to hundreds of thousands of people 's homes ?
Well , it 's unlikely that Google will want to become a full-on ISP , but the changes and innovation Google is showing highlights just how important net transit is to its business .
What should frighten the world 's current ISPs is that Google 's plans call for working with a community to build infrastructure on which any company can sell internet services , so long as they pay a fair rate to use the infrastructure . If Google can come up with a partnering model that costs them little or uses a revolving fund , they could create a workable model for communities to get beyond reliance on companies like Verizon and Comcast . Using some of Google 's cash , a lot of its know-how and citizen dissatisfaction with the current costs of not very fast broadband , municipalities could forge a viable alternative to the current system of begging and pleading for telecoms to lay fiber in their areas .
Certainly , Google has the motivation and a pocket full of cash . It 's just a question of whether its innovation in transit can extend from its current efforts to rework how its packets get to consumers to remaking how networks are owned and built . Someone needs to do something about $ 30 a month 1.5-Mbps DSL lines , and if the national broadband plan is n't going to do it , it might as well be Google .
Graphs courtesy of Arbor Networks ; Google Cache page from a Google presentation .
See Also :
Children as young as four should be given advice on the dangers of pornography , according to headteachers .
Delegates at the National Association of Head Teachers ' ( NAHT ) conference in Birmingham warned that children were being robbed of their innocence by sexually explicit material on the internet as well as on television , often being shown before the 9pm watershed .
The call came as a survey of parents showed four in 10 would like their five-year-olds given lessons on dealing with pornography , at the same time as they learn how to use the internet .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
Amanda Hulme , headteacher of Claypool primary school in Bolton , said “ completely inappropriate themes ” such as rape , murder , domestic abuse , child abuse , self-harming , bulimia , alcoholism , prostitution and drug abuse were now being aired well before the watershed .
She singled out Britain 's Got Talent , saying it had allowed Sandra Broadbent to sing “ You were lying there butt naked with a woman between your thighs ” at 8.10pm followed by a chorus of “ kiss my arse ” .
The ITV soap Emmerdale also came under fire for allowing one character , Cain Dingle , to shout “ I 'll kill him and the slag I catch him with ” at 7.20pm .
On internet pornography , Steve Watkins , headteacher of Millfield primary in Leeds , said schools needed to talk to nursery-aged children about “ things that should n't be there ” if they accessed material by mistake .
A survey of 1,000 parents by the NAHT showed more than four out of five were happy for their children to receive lessons about the dangers of pornography . In addition , 88 per cent felt sex education lessons should be compulsory in schools .
The parents were split over when the lessons should start , though , with 42 per cent saying five- and six-year-olds needed guidance . However , more than half ( 51 per cent ) felt the lessons should not start until children were in their teens .
They were united , though , in supporting the idea that all equipment offering internet services should have a default block on pornographic websites requiring users to “ opt in ” rather than “ opt out ” ; 90 per cent of respondents agreed .
Russell Hobby , general secretary of the NAHT , added : “ Young people must be protected from pornography and children should receive appropriate guidance as part of sex and relationships education . ”
On TV violence , Ms Hulme said heads should “ at least fight to keep the watershed in place ” .
“ The perception is childhood has already been reduced from 16 to 12 and a third of the people surveyed [ by Netmums ] felt that childhood was over at 10 , ” she added . “ How far are we prepared to let this go ? – eight ? six ? I already have to speak to children in year two ( six- and seven-year-olds ) about inappropriate sexual language . This has to stop . ”
Meanwhile , parents are signing children as young as eight illegally on to Facebook , said Mr Watkins .
He revealed the majority of his 10- or 11-year-olds ( 24 out of a class of 33 ) had been signed on – despite the fact that Facebook rules say they should not do so until they are 13 .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
By Arabia Higher Ed Staff
QS released the 2018 World University Rankings at an unfamiliar time of the year but the hype is no different . The rankings feature 959 universities from 84 countries , 31 of which have universities in the top 200 .
The rankings list the first 400 universities individually . The next 400 are grouped together in bands of 10 , while beyond 800 , universities are listed alphabetically since , according to QS , the available data would not produce reliable rankings .
Twelve Arab countries were represented in the latest rankings by 33 institutions with King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals ( KFUPM ) making the elite top-200 list for the second year in a row , at the 173rd position .
King Saud University ( 221 ) came in second in the Arab region followed by the American University of Beirut ( 235 ) at the third position .
Other Universities that made the top-400 list include King Abdul Aziz University ( 267 ) , Qatar University ( 349 ) , United Arab Emirates University ( 390 ) , and the American University of Cairo ( 395 ) .
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology ( KAUST ) made the list this year in a specialist category as it does not qualify for the main rankings which is restricted to multi-faculty universities .
KAUST was the best Arab university in terms of citations per faculty member . Globally , California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) claimed the top rank in terms of citations count .
At the national level , Saudi Arabia led the pack with a total of eight ranked universities with all top four universities climbing in the rankings . It was followed by the United Arab Emirates ( 6 ) , Egypt ( 5 ) , Lebanon ( 3 ) , Bahrain ( 2 ) , Iraq ( 2 ) , and Jordan ( 2 ) . Only one university made the rankings from Kuwait , Morocco , Oman , Palestine , and Qatar .
The QS World University Rankings are based on six metrics that aim to “ capture university performance. ” Half of the score is based on two subjective metrics : academic reputation survey ( 40 % ) and employer reputation survey ( 10 % ) . Other metrics include faculty/student ratio ( 20 % ) , citations per faculty ( 20 % ) , international faculty ratio ( 5 % ) , and international student ratio ( 5 % ) .
QS normalized also this year the citations . In other words , a citation received for a paper in Philosophy is measured differently to one received for a paper on Anatomy and Physiology .
The QS World University Rankings 2018 lists 872 institutions from 84 countries . The rankings drew on data from the world 's leading universities . This includes 30,000 responses to the QS Employer Survey , 70,000 responses to the QS academic survey , and 99 million citations from 10.3 million papers after excluding self-citations . The rankings used a window between 2011 and 2016 for citations per faculty .
An optical scan vote tallying system , now used by some 300 U.S. municipalities , misreported the results of a Palm Beach County , Florida , municipal election last month .
Dominion Voting Inc. 's Sequoia Voting Systems device mistakenly awarded two Wellington Village Councils seats to candidates who were found in a post-election audit to have lost their races .
The results were officially changed last weekend after a court-sanctioned public hand count of the votes .
Palm Beach County supervisor of elections Susan Bucher did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the problem .
According to a story in the Palm Beach Sun Sentinel , the Sequoia vote counting software was set up in a way that did n't correspond to the Wellington County ballot distributed to voters .
As a result , votes meant for one candidate were credited to a different candidate .
`` Election-night totals on Wellington 's three races were shifted in a circle -- with village council Seat 4 votes going to the mayor 's race , votes for mayor going to council Seat 1 , and votes for Seat 1 going to Seat 4 , '' the Sentinel story said .
In a product advisory notice issued last Friday , Dominion warned customers that problems could arise if the contest order on a paper ballot does not match the ballot order programmed into Sequoia machine .
`` The contest order on the ballots in the database can become out of sync with the contest order shown on the corresponding paper ballots , '' the company noted .
If the issue is not identified during pre-election tests , `` election results will show the correct number of votes , but assigns them to the wrong candidate '' the company said in the advisory .
In a statement posted on the Palm Beach County Election Supervisor 's site , Bucher blamed Dominion for not alerting election officials about the potential problem .
`` We were not made aware of the software shortcoming , '' Bucher said .
She cited a statement issued after the election by a Waldeep Singh , vice president of customer relations at Dominion , which blamed the problem on `` a mismatch between the software which generates the paper ballots and the central tally system .
`` This synchronization difficulty is a shortcoming of the version of software currently being used in Palm Beach County and that shortcoming has been addressed in a subsequent version of the software , '' the statement said .
In a later letter sent to Florida Secretary of State Ken Detzner , Dominion president John Poulos appeared to backpedal from Singh 's statement .
Poulos maintained that the company 's software had functioned precisely as designed and contended that the precise reason for the mismatch remains unknown .
Blogger Brad Friedman , who maintains a blog chronicling election issues , said the incident should serve as a warning to the 285 jurisdictions around the country using the Sequoia/Dominion system today .
While the hand count settled Wellington council elections , `` it has n't settled all question about what went wrong , and whether voters in the states which currently use the faulty Dominion/Sequoia system -- - many of them swing states -- - should rely on the results reported by it , '' he wrote .
The incident in Palm Beach County highlights the importance of post-election audits , said Dan McCrea , president of Florida Voters Foundation , an election watchdog group .
`` The most effective way to mitigate such machine errors is to perform statistically significant post-election audits that take place before elections are certified , '' McCrea said .
If the Wellington results had been certified , there would have been no recourse under Florida law to change the results later , he said . `` Everyone might have stood in a circle and agreed it was incorrect . But legally there would not have been a way to stand down the results , '' McCrea said .
Florida election law does not allow for manual recounts unless a court orders it , which is what happened in Wellington Village , he added .
McCrea noted that companies such as Dominion have to do a much better job of minimizing the potential for errors . He noted that e-voting companies are under tremendous cost pressures and may not always be able to deliver required security , he said .
`` We need to consider whether it is a viable market for private companies or whether in fact it requires a hybrid public-private effort , '' he said .
Pamela Smith , the president of election watchdog group Verified Voting said the Wellington Village incident also highlights the need for election officials to do better pre-election logic and accuracy tests .
In this case , it 's not clear whether such testing would have revealed the issue that resulted in the erroneous reporting , she said . But in many instances , such tests are not done in a robust manner , she said .
The U.S. Election Assistance Commission is currently funding several pilot projects designed to help develop better develop pre-election Logic & Accuracy and post-election audits Smith said .
Several jurisdictions from states such as California , Colorado and Connecticut are participating in the effort , she noted .
States such as Florida , which have a very small election result-certification window , should also consider giving election officials more time to conduct robust post election audits , she said .
Dominion did not respond to a request for comment .
Jaikumar Vijayan covers data security and privacy issues , financial services security and e-voting for Computerworld . Follow Jaikumar on Twitter at @ jaivijayan , or subscribe to Jaikumar 's RSS feed . His e-mail address is jvijayan @ computerworld.com .
( NEWSCHANNEL 3 ) - A Pennsylvania father believes the TSA went too far when it confiscated his son 's favorite souvenir from Disney World .
`` We could n't go on the plane yet because they said it looks too much like a gun and you ca n't bring guns on the plane , '' said Levi Zilka .
`` We understand that things are scary out there right now but taking a toy from a five year old does n't enhance national security . It was all I could do not to break down with him in that moment , '' said David Zilka .
Little Levi Zilka was so excited when his uncle bought him a Buzz Lightyear toy during his first trip to Disney World .
But his enjoyment did n't last long . Levi and his father only packed carry-on 's for their trip .
And since the TSA requires realistic replicas of firearms to be checked , the TSA agents at the Fort Lauderdale International Airport took the toy .
`` Once he realized what was happening , that they were n't giving his toy back , he immediately starts bawling , just tears streaming down his face , crying , '' said David Zilka .
`` Why 'd it make you so sad ? '' Levi was asked .
`` Because they threw it in the trash , '' said Levi .
Levi 's father believes his son was treated unfairly .
The agency is looking into the incident .
An upstate New York sheriff is urging residents of his county who are licensed gun owners to arm themselves when they leave home , citing recent mass shootings in the United States and Paris.Ulster County Sheriff Paul Van Blarcum , a Democrat , posted a message to the department 's Facebook page less than 24 hours after 14 people were shot dead in San Bernardino , California.The post quickly drew hundreds of comments , for and against it.Here is the post : Van Blarcum tells The Associated Press he 's `` not trying to drum up a militia of any sort . '' But he said police are `` partners with the public in crime prevention . `` `` I do n't think we 're going to have 10,000 people decide that they want to carry a handgun at any given time . But I know that if 'you know what ' hits the fan , our deputies would be glad to have a citizen come to their aid , '' Van Blarcum said.Van Blarcum says the largely rural county in the Catskill Mountains has 10,000 licensed handgun owners.Here 's an interview with the sheriff : What do you think about the the sheriff 's message ? Chime in via the comment section below .
Mr. Kalanick balked , according to people briefed on the meeting who asked to remain anonymous because the details are confidential . Mr. Kalanick , who had built Uber into a transportation behemoth in just eight years , quickly called Arianna Huffington , an Uber board member , for advice . Ms. Huffington told Mr. Kalanick that the suggestions in the letter were worth considering . That afternoon , Mr. Kalanick locked himself in a room with Mr. Cohler and Mr. Fenton to hash out the best course for Uber .
More from the New York Times :
Uber 's Lesson : Silicon Valley 's Start-Up Machine Needs Fixing
George Clooney 's Tequila Company Sold for Up to $ 1 Billion
Uber Founder Travis Kalanick Resigns as C.E.O .
By the end of the day , after hours of haggling and arguing , that course was clear : Mr. Kalanick agreed to step down as Uber 's chief executive .
The corporate drama that unfolded in the hotel was anything but sudden . It was the culmination of several months in which nearly all of Mr. Kalanick 's support base turned against him . One by one , executives , board members , investors and even close friends slowly fell away as Uber became embroiled in a seemingly ceaseless series of legal and ethical scandals , according to interviews with more than a dozen Uber insiders , former employees , investors and others , who asked to remain anonymous because they were not authorized to speak publicly .
- John Myrdhin Reynolds
The title of the Tantra , the Sanskrit original for Byang-chub kyi sems kun-byed rgyal-po , is given as Bodhichitta-kulayaraja . Bodhichitta , as we have repeatedly said , in the context of Dzogchen means the Primordial State , and this is the usual designation found in all of the rDzogschen Sems-sde Tantras . But the term Kulayaraja is otherwise unknown in Sanskrit . Dargyay would link it to the form Kularaja found in certain texts of the Kashmiri Shaiva tradition . Kula has a wide range of meaning in this system , including reference to the manifestations of the Absolute . The term is also found in another related system particularly connected with Kali worship . The latter is known as Kaula and its practice as Kaulachara . The Kaulas of Bengal have a ninefold system of classification of their levels of teaching that is reminiscent of the nine vehicles ( theg-pa dgu ) of the Nyingmapas and the Bonpos . It is possible that Kulaya was adopted from a Shaivite context , but this is not a sufficient reason to assume that the term has the same meaning in the Buddhist system that it does in a theistic Shaiva text . The appellation Bhagavan is applied both to the Buddha in the Buddhist system and to Krishna and Vishnu in the Vaishnava system , but this does not mean that its meaning is understood in the same way in Buddhism and in Vaishnavism . The Bhagavad Gita was once translated into Tibetan , and from this we learn that Bhagavan , as a title of Krishna , is translated as Legs-ldan , whereas when it is applied to Buddha , it is translated as bCom-ldan- ‘ das . It is said that when the famous translator Rinchen Zangpo ( 958-1055 ) found this Tibetan translation of the Bhagavad Gita in Western Tibet and read its opening chapters , he was so horrified that he threw the entire text into the river . So now , except for a few sample verses which have been preserved , the rest of the translation has been lost . Such was the new puritanism of the eleventh century !
In the canonical Tangyur will be found translations of other Shaiva texts relating to dreams , omens , and so forth , and a large Shaiva text dealing with astrology , the Svarodaya Tantra ( dByangs ' char ) , but these are considered to be texts dealing with secular sciences , rather than the innermost science of spiritual liberation . Whether the Tantra we have here can be shown to have any relationship to Kashmiri Shaivism other than this mysterious term kulaya must await a comprehensive study of the entire text .
Shaivism is indeed an ancient religious movement in India . Of unknown , but of undoubtedly pre Indo-European origin , the god Shiva came in later times to be identified with the Vedic deity Rudra . One of the principal early Upanishads , the Shvetopanishad , with its notion of Ishvara or the Lord , appears to have links with Shaiva tradition . The oldest sectarian Shaiva texts , known as the Shaivagamas , deal with the cult practices of the god Shiva . The earliest systematic philosophical statement of the Shaiva system is represented by the Pashupata Sutras , associated with the name of the sage Lakulisha . The most popular and widespread system of Shaiva philosophy , the Shaiva Siddhanta , came to South India in the sixth or seventh century CE , where it became the major rival of the earlier Buddhism and Jainism . North Indian texts summarizing the more unsystematic Agamas were translated into the Tamil language , like the famous Tirumanthiram of Tirumular . All of these forms of Shaiva philosophy were pluralistic , postulating the ultimate reality of three principles : pati , pashu and pasha , that is , God , individual souls and bondage to the cycle of death and rebirth .
Where as these earlier forms of Agamic Shaivism , like Pashupata and Siddhanta , are distinctly dualistic and theistic in character , Kashmiri Shaivism has a thoroughgoing monistic or advaita view . This monistic standpoint is shared with the Advaita Vedanta of Shankaracharya and with the Shakta system of Bengal . However , a key difference does exist here . The view adhered to by the Advaita Vedanta is known as Mayavada , that is to say , the appearance of diversity in the world is merely an illusion ( maya ) . It is like a man seeing a rope lying across his path and in the darkness mistaking it for a snake . This illusion has no ontological status . Rather , it represents an epistemological problem . In the Vedantic system , the ultimate reality is known as Brahman , and nothing else exists . The view associated with Kashmiri Shaivism and with Shaktism is known as Shaktivada , wherein Maya , or the world illusion , in all its diversity , is granted a certain ontological status . This diversity is an illusion in the sense that it lacks any inherent or independent reality , but it does possess a kind of relative reality in that it represents the energy , or shakti , of Chit , or primordial awareness ( chitshakti ) . Maya is thus not just a mistake in perception , mistaking the rope for a snake ; it is not something merely passive but something active and dynamic , a creative energy , or Mayashakti , which brings diversity into manifestation . Here there are some philosophical parallels with Dzogchen . Although the Tibetan term rtsal , “ energy , potency , potentiality ” , is never glossed as Shakti in the Dzogchen texts , the conceptions embodied in these two terms are quite similar . The Dzogchen term rig-pa ' i rtsal , “ the potency or energy of awareness ” , could almost be translated as Vidyashakti , which is a technical term found in the Shaiva and Shakta systems . It refers to the energy inherent within the primordial non-dual Awareness which gives rise to the diversity of manifestations . Also , the term for “ manifestation ” or “ appearance ” ( snang-ba , abhasa ) , is found in a similar context in both systems .
Kashmiri Shaivism , as a distinct movement separate from the earlier forms of dualistic Shaivism based on the Shaivagamas , certainly arose with the Shiva Sutras of Vasugupta in the ninth century Kashmir , if not before . Have we a synchronicity here ? This is precisely the era when Dzogchen was developing and spreading in Tibet among both Buddhists and Bonpos . According to Nyingmapa tradition , the historical advent of Dzogchen occured earlier than the ninth century with the activities of Garab Dorje in Uddiyana and India and so on ; however , the ninth century may have been the time of the composing of part or all of the kun-byed rgyal-po .
In 2011 , you may not `` see '' Linux , but it 's everywhere . Do you use Google , Facebook or Twitter ? If so , you 're using Linux . That Android phone in your pocket ? Linux . DVRs ? Your network attached storage ( NAS ) device ? Your stock-exchange ? Linux , Linux , Linux .
And , to think it all started with an e-mail from a smart graduate student , Linus Torvalds , to the comp.os.minix Usenet newsgroup :
Hello everybody out there uses minix [ a freeware Unix-like operating system for students by Andrew Tannenbaum ] - I 'm doing a ( free ) operating system . ( just a hobby , wo n't be big and professional like gnu [ Gnu ] was , and is , the free software collection of programs originated by Richard M. Stallman ) for 386 ( 486 ) AT clones . This has been brewing since april , and is starting to get ready . I 'd like any feedback on things people like/dislike in minix , as my OS resembles it somewhat ( same physical layout of the file-system ( due to practical reasons ) among other things ) . I 've currently ported bash ( 1.08 ) and gcc ( 1.40 ) , and things seem to work . This implies that I 'll get something practical within a few months , and I 'd like to know what features most people would want . Any suggestions are welcome , but I wo n't promise I 'll implement them : - ) Linus ( torvalds @ kruuna.helsinki.fi ) PS . Yes - it 's free of any minix code , and it has a multi-threaded fs . It is NOT portable ( uses 386 tasks switching etc ) , and it probably never will support anything other than AT-harddisks , as that 's all I have : - ( .
Who knew what it would turn into ? No one did . I certainly did n't . I came to Linux later , although I was already using Minix and a host of other Unix systems including AIX , SCO Unix System V/386 , Solaris , and BSD Unix . These Unix operating system variants continue to live on in one form or another , but Linux outshines them all .
The only real challenger in popularity to Linux from the Unix family already existed in 1991 as well , but I 'll bet most of you wo n't be able to guess what it was .
Remember this now folks , I may use it another Linux quiz down the road . The answer is NeXTStep . You should know it as the direct ancestor of the Mac OS X family .
The real question is n't how Linux got its start . That 's easy enough to find out . The real question has always been why did Linux flourish so , while all the others moved into niches ?
It 's not , despite what former Sun CEO Scott McNealy has said , that Solaris ever had a realistic chance of making sure that `` Linux never would have happened . '' Dream on , dream on .
Linux overcame Solaris , AIX , HP-UX , and the rest of the non-Intel Unix systems because it was far less expensive to run Linux on Commercial Off-The-Shelf ( COTS ) x86 hardware then it was to run them on POWER , SPARC or other specialized hardware . Yes , Sun played with putting Solaris on Intel , three times , but only as a price-teaser to try to sell customers Solaris on SPARC .
In addition , historically Unix 's Achilles heel has been its incompatibility between platforms . Unlike Linux , where any program will run on any version of Linux , a program that will run on say SCO OpenServer wo n't run on Solaris and a Solaris program wo n't run on AIX and so on . That always hurt Unix , and it was one of the wedges that Linux used to force the various Unix operating systems into permanent niches .
There were other x86 Unix distributions -- Interactive Unix , Dell SVR4 Unix ( Yes , Dell ) , and SCO OpenServer-but none of them were able to keep up with Linux . That 's why SCO briefly turned into a Linux company with its purchase of Caldera , before killing itself in an insane legal fire against Linux that was doomed to fail from the start .
It was also to Linux 's advantage that its license , the Gnu General Public License version 2 ( GPLv2 ) made it possible both to share the efforts of many programmers without letting their work disappear into proprietary projects . That , as I see it , was one of the problems with the BSD Unix family -- FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD , etc. -- and its BSD License .
Another plus in Linux 's favor was that as it turned out , Linux Torvalds was n't just a great programmer ; he was a great project manager . Oh , Torvalds can be grumpy , very grumpy , but at the end of the day , after almost twenty-years in charge , he still manages to get thousands of developers to work together on an outstanding operating system . Not bad for an obscure graduate student out of Finland eh ?
Related Stories
Twenty Years of Linux according to Linus Torvalds
20 Years of Linux down , and the best is yet to come
» Return to ZDNet 's 20th Anniversary Special
But that did n't stop Mr Limbaugh `` confusing '' the two men during a radio diatribe about free market economics , in which he sarcastically referred to the Zimbabwean leader as `` Barack Ogabe '' .
Aside from their similar skin tone , little unites the US president and his Zimbabwean counterpart . One is a democratically elected leader with a 64 per cent approval rating , while the other is a murderous thug .
Conservative political commentator Rush Limbaugh , no stranger to controversy , has come under fire for appearing to compare Barack Obama with brutal African dictator Robert Mugabe .
Click here for an audio recording of Mr Limbaugh 's tirade
The pundit 's ill-fated economics lecture began : `` The standard of living around the world has increased in places where there are basic free markets .
`` Where there are n't , of course , the standard of living has declined , such as Zimbabwe ... now run by Robert Ogabe . Ah , eh - Mugabe . I was confusing him with a well-known Kenyan named Barack Ogabe . This is Robert Mugabe . ''
Clearly aware of the maelstrom that his remarks would whip up , the outspoken Republican was mindful to issue a faux apology .
`` Please forgive me , '' Mr Limbaugh chuckled , before aiming another jab at the US president . `` Barack Ogabe [ and ] Robert Mugabe are - at least in human strokes - two different people . I do n't know about policies . ''
The attack on Mr Obama appeared to centre on his economic plan , which some Republicans fear will turn America into a socialist state .
But by juxtaposing the `` Ogabe '' slip-up with a derogatory description of the first couple - in which he called Mr Obama `` one angry guy , '' adding `` his wife is angry as well '' - many will find the slur in particularly poor taste .
Since coming to power in 1980 , Mr Mugabe has eroded all his country 's political freedoms and run Zimbabwe 's economy into the ground .
By surrounding himself with yes-men , the dictator 's policies have resulted in a staggering inflation rate of 231 million per cent . The collapse of Zimbabwe 's healthcare system has also resulted in 4,000 cholera deaths since last August , in addition to untold HIV and tuberculosis fatalities .
What 's more , Grace Mugabe , the first lady of Zimbabwe , was recently accused of assaulting a photographer during a shopping spree in Hong Kong . A campaign has since been launched to ban her from the city .
This is not the first time Mr Limbaugh has found himself in hot water over comments he made about the US president .
In 2007 , his radio show broadcast a racially-charged song entitled 'Barack the Magic Negro ' , while more recently he told his listeners : `` I hope Obama fails '' . In spite of the frequent gaffes , however , Mr Limbaugh remains the most popular political talk show host in America .
Uncontrolled construction in Greek capital has led to many streams being concreted over , leaving rivers no outlet to the sea
Chaotic urban planning and illegal construction in Athens played a central role in the deadly flash floods that killed 20 people last week , experts in Greece have claimed as authorities pledged emergency funding for victimsmade homeless by the disaster .
About 1,000 owners of homes and businesses are eligible for the assistance , according to government engineers dispatched to inspect the buildings .
“ All buildings that have sustained damage will receive emergency funding of €5,000 [ £4,400 ] while businesses in the same situation will receive €8,000 , ” government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos said on Monday .
From Miami to Shanghai : 3C of warming will leave world cities below sea level Read more
Five days after the flash floods turned the city 's roads into raging torrents of mud and debris , specialised rescue response teams continued to search for missing people .
Two male drivers thought to have been trapped in their vehicles when the torrential rains hit have yet to be accounted for . The death toll rose on Sunday when disaster units discovered two bodies in a warehouse in Mandra , the western suburb where damage was most widespread .
Most of the fatalities were elderly people found in basement flats that had been inundated by floodwater . Two men were swept into the sea in the bay of Eleusis , 11 miles ( 18km ) from Athens city centre , by the force of the deluge .
Poor infrastructure , including drainage systems , often makes Athens susceptible to flooding . But many believe the roads in the three suburbs of Mandra , Megara and Nea Peramos were inundated because of human intervention .
Play Video 2:03 Greece : drone footage reveals aftermath of flooding – video
Uncontrolled building on the outskirts of the Greek capital has resulted in numerous streams being concreted over , leaving rivers with no natural outlet to the sea . A lack of anti-flooding measures exacerbated the disaster .
Geologists described the floods as a tragedy waiting to happen . A network of streams in the foothills of the mountain where the neighbourhoods are located has been paved over in recent decades , including a stretch of riverbed where municipal authorities have constructed buildings .
“ The tragedy is that in 1996 we had two victims in the same area [ of Mandra ] precisely because the flow of water had been blocked , ” said Dimitris Papanikolaou , emeritus professor of geology at Athens University .
Battered by extreme weather , Americans are more worried about climate change | Dana Nuccitelli Read more
He added that such were the dangers of flooding in Mandra , it had been a course study for his doctoral students . “ Nature had already warned that such intervention was disastrous , that not maintaining the natural flow of water was disastrous , ” he said .
Aliki Mouriki , a prominent sociologist , said the floods had been very revealing because they had exposed all the “ weaknesses and pathologies ” of the modern Greek state .
“ In the saddest possible way , they have not only highlighted the lack of urban planning but housing policies for the poor in working-class areas , ” she said .
“ When people 's pressing needs are n't met , they resort to their own solutions – in this case illegal construction with no environmental considerations or respect for rules and regulations . ”
BURLEIGH HEADS , Australia , Jan. 8 ( UPI ) -- An Australian family taking a Gold Coast vacation ended up detained by police for five hours when their Airbnb rental turned out to be a marijuana grow house .
Jacquie Young , 46 , and Dieter Winkler , 48 , said they used Airbnb to rent a home in Burleigh Heads for their vacation with their five children , ages 9-18 , and they heeded the homeowner 's request for them to stay out of a locked room that had been blocked by a bookcase .
The couple said they heard the sounds of rushing water coming from the locked room , but decided to ignore it .
The family has been in the house for less than 24 hours when Gold Coast Criminal Investigation Branch officers raided the home Dec. 28 . The family members were detained for five hours while officers seized marijuana plants and hydroponic growing equipment from the locked room .
`` They did n't know who we were so it was quite mortifying , '' Winkler told the Gold Coast Bulletin . `` They did n't know we were innocent , so it was n't a friendly reception . We 'd just been getting ready for a barbecue . ''
`` My 72-year-old mother was at the home at the time and my little 5-year-old niece rocked up mid-raid , '' he said .
The family was eventually cleared of wrongdoing and allowed to leave .
`` I think we 'll be able to laugh about it soon , but at the moment I 'm still a bit annoyed because we were so looking forward to the holiday , '' Young told the BBC .
`` A week late I 'm still absolutely gobsmacked that people can be so aware of what they 're doing and so selfish ... but putting people 's live at risk is a really despicable act , '' she said . `` My middle son was really shell shocked , he just wanted to come home . It was quite frightening . ''
Airbnb said the family was refunded $ 1,261 and given additional funds to cover the cost of alternative accommodations .
`` While incidents like this are incredibly rare , we take them very seriously ... There is absolutely no place for this sort of activity on Airbnb and this property has been banned , '' the company said in a statement .
The homeowner , a 40-year-old woman , has been charged with unlawfully producing a dangerous drug and is due in court in February .
en•ti•tle•ment
noun \-ˈtī-təl-mənt\
: the condition of having a right to have , do , or get something
: the feeling or belief that you deserve to be given something ( such as special privileges )
Much to the chagrin of a few of our regulars , I have suggested that “ entitlement ” is a condition that affects a large portion of the current Alabama fan base . Needless to say , this is a bit of a polarizing viewpoint that has a tendency to create a significant negative reaction among those inflicted . Alabama fans have come to expect great football as a birthright , but at what point do expectations turn unhealthy ? I think this is worth exploring .
Look , it 's been discussed plenty around here how Bama fans do n't always carry the best reputation . Whether it 's throwing a brick through Bill Curry 's window or poisoning trees after Auburn would dare win the Iron Bowl , it 's safe to say that we can claim at least a couple of lunatic fringe national championships . I would submit that a sense of entitlement drives these types of things more than anything else . Some folks believe that Alabama should never lose to Auburn under any circumstances and act like the world is ending when it happens . Yeah , I know , I no longer live in Alabama and therefore do n't have to deal with Auburn fans . Still , it 's football , people . Some perspective is in order .
As far as the interactions on RBR , what bothers me most is irrational criticism . Some of the stuff I read is just silly . One commenter last night said that Bama played the first half disinterested as they rolled up 360 yards of offense in two quarters . In discussing all the turnovers , someone else pointed out that we have seen those mistakes “ all year ” despite the fact that the team had the fifth fewest turnovers in the nation . What I saw last night was a team that played hard but made some mistakes against an opponent that was well-equipped to take advantage of its weakest areas . Nothing more , nothing less . Our men played a football game and came out on the losing end . It happens . It just happens to Bama fans a whole lot less than anyone else over the past few years . This year 's team was not flawless by any stretch but folks , we are still living in a golden age of Alabama football . Our beloved Crimson Tide has won exactly 90 % of its games over the past three seasons playing in the SEC . Would anyone care to guess how many other college football programs have matched that over the same period ? I would dare say that anyone who truly considers this a disappointment suffers from entitlement issues .
To be clear , I am thrilled that we are able to have the expectations we do . As a college football fan , it does n't get much better than seeing your team favored in every single game it plays , and usually by double digits . Whether they wish to acknowledge it or not , we are the envy of every other fan base in the nation right now . Let 's remember , however , that there is another team on the field with us each week that wants to win the game badly . Like our team , they have worked hard . They have watched film , practiced , devised a strategy that they believe will put them in the best position to win . In the two most recent games it has worked , and as an Alabama fan I 'm not one bit happy about it . As college football fans , however , I hope we can appreciate the effort put forth by the young men we cheer for and the great play by our opponents without feeling like something was stolen from us . We will lose again . We will lose again to Auburn . We will lose again in the last game of the season . If it continues to happen less than ten percent of the time , sit back and enjoy the ride . These are the good times .
Boulder , Colo. , USA : In their GSA Bulletin article published online last week , Timothy A. Goudge and colleagues detail the clay mineralogy of sediment from Lake Towuti , Indonesia , using a technique called visible to near-infrared ( VNIR ) spectroscopy . VNIR measures the signature of reflected light from a sample across a larger wavelength range than just visible light . At Lake Towuti , the spectral record shows distinct variations in clay mineralogy over the past 40,000 years .
The record also captures the response of the lake system to changing climate , including changes in lake levels , forced delta progradation , and river incision . According to Goudge and colleagues , this demonstrates the utility of VNIR spectroscopy in developing paleoenvironmental records over tens of thousands of years .
Interestingly , Goudge and colleagues also suggest that paleolake deposits on Mars should preserve similar paleoenvironmental information that could be accessed through remote sensing studies of stratigraphy and VNIR reflectance spectroscopy .
Lead author Tim Goudge says , `` The major link between this study of lake sediment in Indonesia and lake deposits on Mars is in terms of the methods we used . We can differentiate material properties with color ( e.g. , rust is red because of the iron in it ) , so VNIR spectroscopy allows us to determine what minerals are within a sample of lake sediment . ''
While this technique is relatively new for applying to lake deposits on Earth , it can be run remotely simply using reflected sunlight . Thus it is commonly employed to study the mineralogy and composition of the surface of other planetary bodies , including Mars .
Goudge says , `` Our study shows that one can use VNIR spectroscopy to understand the evolution of past climate that is recorded by lake sediment . Therefore , we propose that applying a similar approach to studying ancient lake deposits on Mars at high resolution will help to unravel the history of ancient martian climate . ''
Lake Towuti is also contained within an ophiolite , which is composed of very iron- and magnesium-rich ( mafic ) rocks , and so is more comparable to the mafic surface of Mars than much of Earth 's land surface , which is commonly more felsic ( richer in silicon , aluminum , sodium , etc. ) . The compositional link is not perfect , however , so Goudge and colleagues more heavily emphasize the applicability of the technique .
# # #
FEATURED ARTICLE
A 40,000 yr record of clay mineralogy at Lake Towuti , Indonesia : Paleoclimate reconstruction from reflectance spectroscopy and perspectives on paleolakes on Mars Timothy A. Goudge , Post-doc Research Fellow , Jackson School of Geosciences , University of Texas at Austin , Austin , Texas 78712-1722 , USA ; James M. Russell , John F. Mustard , James W. Head and Satria Bijaksana .
GSA BULLETIN articles published ahead of print are online at http : //gsabulletin . gsapubs . org/ content/ early/ recent . Representatives of the media may obtain complimentary copies of articles by contacting Kea Giles . Sign up for pre-issue publication e-alerts at http : //www . gsapubs . org/ cgi/ alerts for first access to new content .
Some members of Congress , concerned about shoddy cybersecurity at government and critical technology websites , are proposing that the Department of Homeland Security should have the power to force private networks to secure themselves more effectively .
But several cybersecurity experts say a broadly worded bill that has been referred to the House Committee on Homeland Security could impact many ordinary tech firms that merely play a role in infrastructure . If the bill becomes law , even firms like Apple , Microsoft and Google could come under DHS 's thumb , says Michael Gregg , chief operating officer of the cybersecurity firm Superior Solutions .
`` They are stepping forward to regulate a potentially huge amount of the Internet , '' Gregg told FoxNews.com . `` It 's up to DHS to decide who they want to fall under this umbrella . I have little doubt that large tech companies such as AT & T , Verizon , Microsoft , Google , Apple and Cisco could all find themselves being heavily regulated . ''
Representatives from those firms declined to comment on the pending regulations . But given DHS ' record on security , Gregg said they should have reservations about granting the agency such sweeping oversight .
`` Just consider the recent DHS / TSA body-scanner fiasco , '' he said . `` The thought of DHS in charge of cybersecurity will strike fear in most U.S. tech companies . ''
The Homeland Security Cyber and Physical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2010 ( HR 6423 , proposed by Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , D-Miss . ) would empower DHS to set security standards for the networks at various private facilities and would authorize penalties against any websites it deems to have lax security .
The bill would create a new department within Homeland Security , called the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications , and a new Cybersecurity Compliance Division that would measure and rate how effectively certain private companies respond to network security risks .
The bill 's goal is to muscle better security onto .gov websites and critical infrastructure sites , including ports and power plants , to limit the country 's vulnerability to cyber espionage , said Thompson .
`` Cyberattacks , whether originated by other countries or sub-national groups , are a grave and growing threat to our government and the private sector . This bill provides new tools to DHS to confront them effectively and make certain that civil liberties are protected , ” Thompson said .
But the bill could end up regulating utilities and telecoms and a wide array of software firms , said Jeff Bardin , a chief security strategist and a cyberterror expert with XA Systems .
`` Anything that critical infrastructures depend upon -- which is pretty much all information security companies , major and minor Internet hubs , the networks , database companies , software companies , etc . '' could fall under the umbrella of HR 6423 , he told FoxNews.com . `` It could run the gamut depending upon interpretation . ''
Josh Daymont , CEO of information security company Securisea , agrees that the bill is broad . But he said there would likely be different levels of regulations for different organizations -- and Microsoft or AT & T would n't be scrutinized in the same manner as a nuclear power plant .
`` It would n't necessarily follow that those [ tech ] companies would be treated the same as a nuclear power plant or water company -- they might well have restrictions , but perhaps a less stringent set of rules than , say , a nuclear plant . ''
An aide for the House Committee on Homeland Security said the bill was n't intended to be as broad as industry experts fear it may be -- and pointed out that there would be medium for voicing concerns .
`` In those cases where a company wants to challenge its designation , the bill calls for DHS to make a reconsideration process available , '' he added .
The committee aide noted that the private sector wo n't be included in the panel establishing the rules , however . `` For the private sector regulations , the bill provides for an open regulatory process with notice and comment , '' he told FoxNews.com .
But Gregg argued that even with the help of the private sector , DHS is n't in the best position to offer cybersecurity advice .
`` The real problem is that DHS and other government agencies do n't have a great record of protecting their own critical assets , '' he told FoxNews.com . `` As recently as 2008 , DHS did not have its own cyber crisis plan . Also in 2008 , a DHS [ internal phone system ] was hacked using an attack vector that was at least 10 years old , '' Gregg said .
The power to regulate private networks comes from Homeland Security Presidential Directive 7 , which was established in 2003 to identify and prioritize critical infrastructure and to protect it from terrorist attacks .
The regulation has been in use for a while , but it has n't been used to enforce standards , Bardin told FoxNews.com .
`` The new bill just takes it to the point that forces things to be done . Before it was a public-private relationship based upon cooperation and collaboration . Now it could be a forced march to compliance . Cooperation and collaboration only goes so far when it is not economically in a company 's best interest to change a product or behavior , '' he said .
But the real concern lies in the breadth of the bill , Bardin agreed . Any technology company that sells to key infrastructures could potentially be regulated by it , said Bardin . He cited a laundry list of technology companies that could be affected , including Oracle , Symantec , EMC , Cisco , HP , Dell and others .
`` Just some of the big boys , and the list is endless ... '' he said .
Grimrock 2 in Alpha !
|
We sneakily went past a very important milestone just a while ago . Legend of Grimrock 2 is now in alpha ! The definition of milestones of course varies from one company to the next but I think our alpha is , relatively speaking , a “ strong alpha ” ( since we do n't have any publishers or investors who we have to deliver to to get money for progressing in development , we can use terms that are actually useful and descriptive 😉 ) . Alpha in our case means that the game can be completely played from beginning to the very end and that all the planned features exist . The last missing piece from the alpha we had was the ending of the game but now that we got that done , the deal is sealed . 🙂 Of course at alpha , there are still features and content that lack polish and refinement , and balance and progression of the game is not complete , but in a sense the game is now “ whole ” ! To celebrate the milestone , we have a new screenshot for you… The herders are back !
And like the natural order of things typically is , after alpha comes beta and that 's where we 're heading next ! To get there , me and Petri have been doing a systematic polishing round for all the levels . Or maybe I should be talking about “ areas ” instead since each area that we tackle contains , technically speaking , 1-4 levels of varying sizes . Each day we pick one area of the game that we concentrate on and for the duration of the day we work only in improving that one place . Basically what we do is that we fix the biggest issues that arise from playing the level but we do n't limit ourselves on only improving the levels themselves ( like the level layout , monster placement , puzzles , items and secrets ) but we also work on game design issues ( for example underwater gameplay , herbs and potions ) , visuals ( lighting & atmosphere , particles , items & environment objects ) , audio ( ambient & environment sounds , monster sounds ) or even the game interface ( automap and such ) if need be .
One day for each area is not a lot of time but doing a pass like this over the whole game really improves the overall experience since this way we always tackle the weakest spots of the game without getting stuck into details for too long . This also helps us by breaking down the game into more digestible bits that we can focus on since trying to polish the whole game at once feels like an overwhelming task and it would always be difficult to decide what would be important to do next .
Oh and if you want more details on the progress of the development , Petri often tweets about things he 's been working on with the game .
Glamour Magazine just announced its 2017 “ Women of the Year ” awardees , whom they describe as “ game changers , rule breakers , and trailblazers. ” Perhaps some recipients are changing the world — though not all for the better — but nothing is changing at Glamour . The magazine continues its tradition of using this award to honor women who advance an extreme , leftist political agenda , while ignoring every woman with right-of-center views . The big question is , will this be the year that its readers decide enough is enough ?
The average Glamour reader who seeks out the magazine for advice about this season 's hot lipstick shade and skirt length probably is n't interested in a loving tribute to the organizers of the intensely partisan Women 's March .
The march , held in January to protest President Trump 's election , talked a lot about women coming together , diversity and inclusivity . But organizers were n't even open-minded enough to allow a pro-life group that wanted to join them in protesting Trump to soil their ranks .
Today , it 's clear the march and movement were never really about women . The real purpose is to advance the left 's political agenda : The whole “ women ” thing is just a convenient political banner .
How else to explain why one of the march 's leaders , Linda Sarsour , who was featured by Glamour , defends sharia law and Saudi Arabia 's legal system — which , as CNN explains , denies women basic rights , such as the freedom to “ marry , divorce , travel , get a job or have elective surgery without permission from their male guardians ” ?
Sarsour is pals with terrorist sympathizers and tweeted that female-genital-mutilation survivor and activist Ayaan Hirsi Ali is asking “ 4 an a $ $ whippin ' ” and “ I wish I could take their vaginas away — they do n't deserve to be women. ” Is this really the new poster girl for women 's lib ?
Rep. Maxine Waters , the 79-year-old Democratic congresswoman from California , is also honored for “ speaking truth to power. ” According to Glamour : Waters “ has long wielded her unapologetically laser-sharp tongue — surgical in its precision , devastating in its impact — in service of her progressive politics . ”
They leave out she received another title from Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington : One of DC 's “ most corrupt ” legislators , for her shady business dealings , in which she used her office to enrich her family . She also told members of the Tea Party movement they can “ go straight to hell. ” Did Glamour consider this may include many of its subscribers ?
To mix things up , Glamour moved away from those directly involved in politics to honor late-night comedian Samantha Bee . Bee is a leader of another flank in the war on Trump , known for such open-minded and insightful comments as : “ Once you dust for fingerprints , it 's pretty clear who ruined America : white people . ”
Glamour applauds Bee for doubling her ratings but fails to note her audience of 1.3 million viewers is dwarfed by those of other shows featuring strong women — such as Fox News Channel 's “ The Five , ” with conservative powerhouses Dana Perino and Kimberly Guilfoyle , which pulls in 2 million viewers . Why were n't Perino and Guilfoyle on this list ? Smart Glamour readers can figure that out .
Glamour did manage to include a few worthy recipients in the mix , like NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson and Syrian refugee Muzoon Almellehan , who is now an advocate for girls ' education . But it 's notable that while heavy on American politicos , not one of Glamour 's honorees who show her political cards could be considered a centrist , let alone on the right .
Most Americans are tired of the politicization of everything , from football games to women 's fashion . Glamour would be wise to rethink whether its readership really wants a big serving of partisan politics served up when they pick up their magazine .
New York City editors may consider it the ultimate “ do n't ” to recognize non-leftists , but they ought to keep in mind that in 2016 four in 10 female voters nationwide cast their support for Trump . These women are shoppers who advertisers probably do n't want to offend . Female Trump voters even buy women 's magazines — at least they do for now .
Carrie Lukas is president of Independent Women 's Forum .
Li Keqiang says Chinese economic model is ‘ unsustainable ' and it must cut energy use , but does not outline specific measures
China has 'duty to humanity ' to curb pollution , premier says
China has used up too much energy and too many resources in its quest for growth , premier Li Keqiang has told visiting French president François Hollande , adding that the country has a “ duty to humanity ” to clean itself up .
US 'playing catch-up to China ' in clean energy efforts , UN climate chief says Read more
Li 's comments come ahead of a UN climate summit in Paris , which will seek to unite all the world 's nations in a single agreement on tackling climate change .
Hollande said in a radio interview the summit 's success was “ possible , not certain ” , with some issues still to be settled .
As the world 's largest polluter , China will be a key player at the event , in the face of disputes over whether developed or developing countries should bear more of the burden for reducing emissions .
Li said more environmentally-friendly development would be “ obligatory ” for China to “ promote a restructuring of its national economy ” , currently experiencing its slowest growth in years .
The shift was China 's “ duty and a contribution to humanity ” as one of the world 's largest countries , he added .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Chinese premier Li Keqiang , second from right , and French president François Hollande , second from left , in Beijing . Photograph : Rao Aimin/Xinhua Press/Corbis
China 's decades-long boom , which has propelled it to global prominence , largely depended on heavy industry , real estate and infrastructure investment . But growth has slowed in recent years and now stands at its lowest since the global financial crisis , according to official figures .
“ For a great many years , we consumed too much energy and resources to achieve our development , and this model has since become unsustainable , ” Li said , adding that China must now rely more on developing its human resources .
But he did not cite any specific measures it would take .
On Monday China and France issued a joint declaration on climate change saying that the Paris accord – intended to cap warming at two degrees Celsius over pre-industrial revolution levels – should include checks for compliance .
Each signatory 's progress should be reviewed every five years , the statement said , to “ build mutual trust and confidence and promote effective implementation ” .
Welcome to Baoding , China 's most polluted city Read more
Hollande called the declaration a “ historic ” step forward , and on Tuesday , the final day of his two-day trip , urged Beijing to “ discuss with and convince a number of countries known to be vital ” to the negotiation process .
“ When China is committed , it of course commits itself , but it is an example , a benchmark . ”
In comments to Europe1 radio during his visit to China , Hollande said there “ are still a few issues that have to be settled ” before the Paris talks .
“ Yes , failure is still possible , but today I am confident , ” he said .
The UN summit , held from 30 November 30 to 11 December , will be opened by world leaders , including US president Barack Obama , China 's Xi Jinping and Narendra Modi of India .
Hollande said it was encouraging that major emitters such as China and the United States , as well as developing nations , were all deeply engaged in the notoriously combative negotiating process .
Asked if he thought the conference would be a success , he said : “ It is possible , not certain . ”
Among the key points still in dispute , he cited $ 100bn ( €91bn ) in annual climate finance that rich nations had promised for developing countries from 2020 .
Some $ 65bn has been secured and another $ 20bn promised , said Hollande , but “ we are not yet at $ 100bn ” .
A recent report by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said a total of $ 62bn was paid in climate aid in 2014 .
Race to renewable : five developing countries ditching fossil fuels Read more
Rich nations say this indicates progress towards the $ 100bn goal for 2020 , while developing countries say the figure is not a useful measure .
China is an important member of the largest negotiating bloc , the G77 group of developing nations , which insists that rich nations must bear more responsibility for cutting emissions since they have been polluting for longer .
Developed nations point the finger , in turn , at emerging giants such as China and India , which burn massive amounts of fossil fuel to power their fast-growing economies and populations .
If a history-making Game 7 of the World Series was n't your cup of tea Wednesday night , you may have been one of 1.3 million folks watching liberal comedian Bill Maher make jokes about GOP nominee Donald Trump on Facebook being a “ rapist . ”
Mr. Maher , the host of HBO 's “ Real Time , ” delivered a scathing set at his “ Whiny Little Bitch ” show— named after a term for Mr. Trump that Mr. Maher enjoys using with audiences — delivered at the Largo comedy club in Los Angeles and live streamed via the social media platform , the Daily Beast reported Thursday .
With just six days to spare until the election , the liberal comedian pulled no punches as he made clear his staunch support for Hillary Clinton and his disdain for both the GOP presidential nominee and the FBI , which is investigating a fresh batch of emails discovered on a computer shared by Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband , former New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner .
“ OK , she 's an overly careful , thoughtful , overly managed , well-connected centrist politician who never raped anybody , ” Mr. Maher said , The Daily Beast reported . “ There 's nothing in those emails , because there was nothing before . The hate comes first . It 's the idea that there might be something in them . Well , we 're not saying she 's a witch . We 're just saying if they wo n't let us dunk her in water , how will we know for sure ? That 's really the official position of the FBI right now . ”
“ Hillary may have 30,000 erased emails , ” Mr. Maher said , “ But , you know , Trump voters — really ? Not even the guy who says he wants to f– his daughter ? This is not a deal-breaker for you ? I mean , what does it take ? A racist , a liar , a tax cheat , a draft-dodger , a deadbeat , a Russian agent , and a rapist . You know we 're a nuclear power , right ? These are red flags . ”
While Mr. Trump particularly and the GOP more generally have long been favored targets of Mr. Maher , the comedian is not above skewering non-politicians who raise his ire .
In October he trashed undecided voter-turned-instant celebrity Ken Bone , wondering why , “ after 15 months of this campaign , he 's still too stupid to pick Hillary over President P–y-Grabber . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
With no experience of self-rule and an empty treasury , his huge country was soon in turmoil . After failing to get aid from the United States , Lumumba declared he would turn to the Soviet Union . Thousands of Belgian officials who lingered on did their best to sabotage things : their code word for Lumumba in military radio transmissions was “ Satan. ” Shortly after he took office as prime minister , the C.I.A. , with White House approval , ordered his assassination and dispatched an undercover agent with poison .
The would-be poisoners could not get close enough to Lumumba to do the job , so instead the United States and Belgium covertly funneled cash and aid to rival politicians who seized power and arrested the prime minister . Fearful of revolt by Lumumba 's supporters if he died in their hands , the new Congolese leaders ordered him flown to the copper-rich Katanga region in the country 's south , whose secession Belgium had just helped orchestrate . There , on Jan. 17 , 1961 , after being beaten and tortured , he was shot . It was a chilling moment that set off street demonstrations in many countries .
As a college student traveling through Africa on summer break , I was in Léopoldville ( today 's Kinshasa ) , Congo 's capital , for a few days some six months after Lumumba 's murder . There was an air of tension and gloom in the city , jeeps full of soldiers were on patrol , and the streets quickly emptied at night . Above all , I remember the triumphant , macho satisfaction with which two young American Embassy officials — much later identified as C.I.A . men — talked with me over drinks about the death of someone they regarded not as an elected leader but as an upstart enemy of the United States .
Photo
Some weeks before his death , Lumumba had briefly escaped from house arrest and , with a small group of supporters , tried to flee to the eastern Congo , where a counter-government of his sympathizers had formed . The travelers had to traverse the Sankuru River , after which friendly territory began . Lumumba and several companions crossed the river in a dugout canoe to commandeer a ferry to go back and fetch the rest of the group , including his wife and son .
But by the time they returned to the other bank , government troops pursuing them had arrived . According to one survivor , Lumumba 's famous eloquence almost persuaded the soldiers to let them go . Events like this are often burnished in retrospect , but however the encounter happened , Lumumba seems to have risked his life to try to rescue the others , and the episode has found its way into film and fiction .
His legend has only become deeper because there is painful newsreel footage of him in captivity , soon after this moment , bound tightly with rope and trying to retain his dignity while being roughed up by his guards .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Patrice Lumumba had only a few short months in office and we have no way of knowing what would have happened had he lived . Would he have stuck to his ideals or , like too many African independence leaders , abandoned them for the temptations of wealth and power ? In any event , leading his nation to the full economic autonomy he dreamed of would have been an almost impossible task . The Western governments and corporations arrayed against him were too powerful , and the resources in his control too weak : at independence his new country had fewer than three dozen university graduates among a black population of more than 15 million , and only three of some 5,000 senior positions in the civil service were filled by Congolese .
A half-century later , we should surely look back on the death of Lumumba with shame , for we helped install the men who deposed and killed him . In the scholarly journal Intelligence and National Security , Stephen R. Weissman , a former staff director of the House Subcommittee on Africa , recently pointed out that Lumumba 's violent end foreshadowed today 's American practice of “ extraordinary rendition. ” The Congolese politicians who planned Lumumba 's murder checked all their major moves with their Belgian and American backers , and the local C.I.A . station chief made no objection when they told him they were going to turn Lumumba over — render him , in today 's parlance — to the breakaway government of Katanga , which , everyone knew , could be counted on to kill him .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still more fateful was what was to come . Four years later , one of Lumumba 's captors , an army officer named Joseph Mobutu , again with enthusiastic American support , staged a coup and began a disastrous , 32-year dictatorship . Just as geopolitics and a thirst for oil have today brought us unsavory allies like Saudi Arabia , so the cold war and a similar lust for natural resources did then . Mobutu was showered with more than $ 1 billion in American aid and enthusiastically welcomed to the White House by a succession of presidents ; George H. W. Bush called him “ one of our most valued friends . ”
This valued friend bled his country dry , amassed a fortune estimated at $ 4 billion , jetted the world by rented Concorde and bought himself an array of grand villas in Europe and multiple palaces and a yacht at home . He let public services shrivel to nothing and roads and railways be swallowed by the rain forest . By 1997 , when he was overthrown and died , his country was in a state of wreckage from which it has not yet recovered .
Since that time the fatal combination of enormous natural riches and the dysfunctional government Mobutu left has ignited a long , multisided war that has killed huge numbers of Congolese or forced them from their homes . Many factors cause a war , of course , especially one as bewilderingly complex as this one . But when visiting eastern Congo some months ago , I could not help but think that one thread leading to the human suffering I saw begins with the assassination of Lumumba .
We will never know the full death toll of the current conflict , but many believe it to be in the millions . Some of that blood is on our hands . Both ordering the murders of apparent enemies and then embracing their enemies as “ valued friends ” come with profound , long-term consequences — a lesson worth pondering on this anniversary .
TEΛΕΥΤΑΙΑ ΕΝΗΜΕΡΩΣΗ 15:30
H ομάδα `` Ρουβίκωνας '' , με ανάρτησή της σε ιστοσελίδα του αντιεξουσιαστικού χώρου , ανέλαβε την ευθύνη για την επίθεση που έγινε σήμερα το πρωί , στα γραφεία της εφημερίδας `` Πρώτο Θέμα '' , στην οδό Αγράφων , στο Μαρούσι .
Συγκεκριμένα , άτομα που επέβαιναν σε δίκυκλα και είχαν καλυμμένο το πρόσωπό τους , έσπασαν με πέτρες και βαριοπούλες τη τζαμαρία του κτιρίου , όπου στεγάζεται η εφημερίδα , πέταξαν μπογιές , ενώ προκάλεσαν φθορές και σε δύο σταθμευμένα οχήματα .
Η αστυνομία πραγματοποιεί έρευνες για τον εντοπισμό και τη σύλληψη των δραστών .
ΣΥΡΙΖΑ : Απόλυτα καταδικαστέες οι επιθέσεις σε ΜME
`` Επιθέσεις βίας σε Μέσα Μαζικής Ενημέρωσης και τους εργαζόμενους σε αυτά είναι πράξεις απόλυτα καταδικαστέες '' , έγραψε η κυβερνητική εκπρόσωπος Όλγα Γεροβασίλη , σε ανάρτηση της στο Twitter , ενώ ο ΣΥΡΙΖΑ σε ξεχωριστή του ανακοίνωση τόνισε ότι `` τέτοιες ενέργειες δεν είναι αποδεκτές και μας βρίσκουν αντίθετους '' .
The goal of the Shadow Project is to create an all-in-one software platform for a completely private , decentralized , and free economy . The Shadow Project 's software platform has a new name , Umbra . An umbra is “ a region of complete shadow resulting from a total obstruction of light. ” Umbra has 3 main parts : Its built-in cryptocurrency , ShadowCash ? — ? Finished ! ( SDC )
Its private communication system ? — ? Finished !
Its fully decentralized marketplace ? — ? 92 % Finished !
Included in today 's software release , Umbra offers several new tools , encrypted group chat , and a completely revamped GUI . The update is quite extensive in its scope and depth . It 's much easier to check it out yourself than for me to explain all the features in writing . So please download the newest release , get synced with the blockchain and click around !
New GUI
Moments ago , I experienced a full demo of the new release , and I 'm de ? nitely impressed . I can see why this update took so long to become production ready . It is extremely feature rich ; very , very advanced . It makes the last version of the Shadow Project 's software look like elementary school . This is the most advanced cryptocurrency GUI in the world . Nothing else even comes close . Complex cryptography tools are wrapped in an elegant and easy-to-use interface . You really need to personally experience this GUI to fully appreciate it . Nevertheless , here is a small preview .
Above you see that balances are displayed in an itemized way : public , private and stake . There are great ? lters for displaying things like noti ? cations .
In the left-side navigation panel above , all the GUI controls are broken down into logical sections and grouped together . It 's very intuitive to navigate around to the controls you want to ? nd .
New Communication Tools
The new chat is great . You can chat privately 1-on-1 or in a named group , where speci ? c users are invited , and can save your chat contacts within an address book . It looks like a cell phone app . In fact , the whole user experience has the feel of a very slick cell phone app . Everything is fast , responsive and well designed . There are even new tools included that make it easy for users to sign a message with a SDC address and its public key , proving ownership of that address , and also validating that a message is from a particular address . This safeguards Umbra users from man-in-the-middle attacks or from otherwise being tricked into mistaking a message sender 's true indentity . Best of all , it 's easy to use these tools , even with no technical background .
Advanced Key Management Tools
As far as I know , Umbra 's devs actually implemented the very ? rst native HD ( hierarchical deterministic ) wallet in an altcoin forked from bitcoin 's codebase . Today 's update features some great and “ idiot-proof ” tools for managing HD wallets and the lengthy keyword list they use as a passphrase . These tools offer protection from mismanaging your HD wallet or keys . An HD wallet is now extremely easy to create , secure , and manage , with support for unique and user-recognizable wallet names , and also a second step process ensuring you have correctly saved the lengthy passphrase list . The GUI has a simple process for wallet restoration , so you can easily import a SDC wallet backup . You can even manage the entire hierarchical tree of child/parent addresses and keys via the GUI . It 's quite amazing .
Easy To Use Settings Tools
Umbra 's new GUI allows a multitude of advanced settings , all from a simple-to-use GUI . Everything is logical and remarkably well organized . It would take forever to explain all the options and tools available in the new GUI though , so let 's move on .
Marketplace Progress
Umbra 's decentralized marketplace is now approximately 92 % completed , with Beta testing coming soon . The marketplace is functional via the command line . Ryno is ? nishing up testing and polishing up the marketplace 's API implementations , and plugging everything in to the marketplace 's GUI , on which our GUI developer crz is also working .
Community Progress
The huge increase in the SDC exchange rate has galvenized the community 's resolve , and efforts are racing forward like never before . Community members have recently donated over 5 BTC and 35,000 SDC to the project 's
development fund . Already these funds are being used to pay for development work . The most important team members are supported ? nancially and socially , by our community , as we encourage them to devote as much time and energy as possible to ? nish everything up . Final Words
Showcasing your work is an art ( pardon the pun ) and in this article I am showcasing 50 of the most stunning portfolio websites out there . These designers are all class acts and well worth being hired for any type of work you may have .
If you 're a designer as well ( which I 'm going to assume a lot of you are ) , these portfolio layouts should inspire you to ( re ) work your portfolio layout . We 'd love to know what you think of these portfolios , so do n't forget to let us know in the comments section which is your favorite and why . ( and if you have a portfolio you 'd like people to see , drop a comment and let us know )
eAnka ↓
Albert Lo ↓
Giancarlo Fajardo ↓
nYq Design Group ↓
Accent Creative ↓
No Sleep For Sheep ↓
Dreamer Lines ↓
Chris K. Jennings ↓
Electric Pulp ↓
OH ! Media ↓
Fred Maya ↓
Juan Diego Velasco ↓
MetaLab ↓
PSD Layout Design ↓
Mark McGall ↓
Gummisig ↓
The Design Hippy ↓
Paul Berkey ↓
Senso Studios ↓
Clickfarm Interactive ↓
Toby Powell ↓
Two24Studios ↓
MAD Interactive Creativity ↓
Design Junction ↓
FT Designer ↓
Daniel Gutiérrez ↓
Very Creative ↓
Mike Precious ↓
Kinetic Kreations ↓
Studio 7 Designs ↓
Idealist Consulting ↓
Design Genius ↓
Kosh Creative ↓
Studio Bennett ↓
Joe Longstreet ↓
Sawyer Hollenshead ↓
Brad Colbow ↓
Spoon Graphics ↓
Anderbose ↓
Weightshift ↓
Webgrapes ↓
Rick Davidson ↓
Ximena Ruiz ↓
Twenty 3 Design ↓
I Love 2 Design ↓
Two December ↓
Tim Potter ↓
AdaptD ↓
Leigh Taylor ↓
Branded 07 ↓
Blog Theme Machine ( bonus ) ↓
I could n't let this post go without adding in my own portfolio layout : )
I did however make it a bonus item ( # 51 ) so there are still 50 other awesome portfolio layouts from some amazing designers !
Your Turn To Talk
We hope you enjoyed this post and that you found some portfolio sites you have n't seen before ! See you in the comment section ! : )
In more than three dozen interviews , friends , classmates and mentors from his high school and Occidental recalled Mr. Obama as being grounded , motivated and poised , someone who did not appear to be grappling with any drug problems and seemed only to dabble with marijuana .
“ It did n't stand out to me , ” said Michael Ramos , who was one of Mr. Obama 's closest friends at the Punahou School in Honolulu . “ It was not the focal point of our lives . It was n't like we all thought we 've got to do something to help Barack because it 's getting out of control. ” About Mr. Obama 's using cocaine , he said , “ I did n't know him to do that . ”
Vinai Thummalapally , a former California State University student who became friendly with Mr. Obama in college , remembered him as a model of moderation — jogging in the morning , playing pickup basketball at the gym , hitting the books and socializing .
“ If someone passed him a joint , he would take a drag . We 'd smoke or have one extra beer , but he would not even do as much as other people on campus. ” Mr. Thummalapally recounted . “ He was not even close to being a party animal . ”
Mr. Obama declined to be interviewed for this article . A campaign spokesman , Tommy Vietor , said in an e-mail that the memoir “ is a candid and personal account of what Senator Obama was experiencing and thinking at the time . ”
“ It 's not surprising that his friends from high school and college would n't recall personal experiences and struggles that happened more than 20 years ago in the same way and to the same extent , that he does , ” Mr. Vietor wrote .
What seems clear is that Mr. Obama 's time at Occidental — where he describes himself arriving as “ alienated ” — would ultimately set him on a course to public service . He developed a sturdier sense of self and came to life politically , particularly in his sophomore year , growing increasingly aware of harsh inequities like apartheid and poverty in the third world .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He also discovered that he wanted to be in a larger arena ; one professor described Occidental back then as feeling small and provincial , isolated from the rest of Los Angeles . Mr. Obama wrote in his memoir that he needed “ a community that cut deeper than the common despair that black friends and I shared when reading the latest crime statistics , or the high fives I might exchange on a basketball court . A place where I could put down stakes and test my commitments . ”
Mr. Obama wrote that he learned of a transfer program that Occidental had with Columbia and applied . “ He was so bright and wanted a wider urban experience , ” recalled Anne Howells , a former English professor at Occidental who taught Mr. Obama in one of her classes and wrote him a recommendation for Columbia .
Mr. Obama 's half- sister , Maya Soetoro-Ng , said that her brother focused more on his future at Occidental .
“ I think he felt it was time to do some heavy thinking and assessing and time to start making a more meaningful contribution , ” Ms. Soetoro-Ng said . “ He felt New York was an interesting place to be in terms of the exchange of ideas , overlapping cultures and rigorous academics . ”
As for Mr. Obama 's use of marijuana and , occasionally , cocaine , she said , “ He was n't a drug addict or dealer . Saying he “ had made some mistakes , ” his half-sister described him as “ a kid searching for answers. ” After arriving in New York , Mr. Obama wrote in his memoir , he stopped getting high .
In the 442-page book , published when he was 33 , Mr. Obama 's references to drug use are limited to the equivalent of about a page and a half pages . He got the book contract after he drew a flurry of attention for becoming the first black president of the Harvard Law Review . At first , he considered writing a more scholarly book about the law , race and society , but scrapped that in favor of writing about his search for identity .
The son of a white American mother and a black Kenyan father , Mr. Obama wrote that he would get high to help numb the confusion he felt about himself .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Junkie . Pothead . That 's where I 'd been headed : the final , fatal role of the young would-be black man , ” he penned in the memoir . “ Except the highs had n't been about that , me trying to prove what a down brother I was . ”
“ I got high for just the opposite effect , something that could push questions of who I was out of my mind . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At Punahou , a preparatory school that had few black students , Keith Kakugawa and Mr. Obama were close friends . They met when Mr. Obama was a freshman and Mr. Kakugawa , who is Japanese-Hawaiian , was a junior .
Mr. Kakugawa remembered that the two often discussed wealth and class and their disaffection would surface because they were not from rich “ Porsche-style families ” like many of their classmates . He said that race would come up in the conversations , usually when talking about white girls they thought about dating .
“ We were dealing with acceptance and adaptation , and both had to do with the fact that we were not part of the moneyed elite , ” Mr. Kakugawa said .
Mr. Kakugawa , who spent seven years in and out of prison for drug offenses beginning in 1996 , said he pressured Mr. Obama into drinking beer .
But Mr. Obama did not smoke marijuana during the two years they spent time together even though it was readily available , he said , adding that he never knew Mr. Obama to have done cocaine . “ As far as pot , booze or coke being a prevalent part of his life , I doubt it , ” Mr. Kakugawa said . He had graduated , however , by the time Mr. Obama was in his junior and senior years , when he wrote that he most frequently used marijuana and cocaine “ when you could afford it . ”
Mr. Obama describes a scene during that period where , in the meat freezer of a deli , he watched someone named Micky — “ my potential initiator ” — pull out “ the needle and the tubing , ” apparently to shoot up heroin . Alarmed , Mr. Obama wrote that he imagined how an air bubble could kill him . Neither Mr. Kakugawa nor the others interviewed for this article who knew Mr. Obama at Punahou recalled hearing that story from him .
During his freshman year at Occidental , Mr. Obama and his dormitory mates would congregate around a couch in the hallway of their floor while stereos blasted songs by bands like The Rolling Stones , Led Zeppelin , The B-52 's and The Flying Lizards . The conversations at Haines Hall revolved around such topics as the Soviet Union 's invasion of Afghanistan that year , President Carter 's proposed revival of draft registration and the energy crisis .
Mr. Obama displayed a deft but unobtrusive manner of debating .
“ When he talked , it was an E. F. Hutton moment : people listened , ” said John Boyer , who lived across the hall from Mr. Obama . “ He would point out the negatives of a policy and its consequences and illuminate the complexities of an issue the way others could not. ” He added , “ He has a great sense of humor and could defuse an argument. ” Mr. Obama seemed interested in thinkers like Friedrich Nietzsche , Sigmund Freud and Jean-Paul Sartre , whom he studied in a political thought class during his sophomore year . The professor , Roger Boesche , remembers Mr. Obama as very serious and not shy about disagreeing .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Boesche also has memories of him at a popular eatery on campus . “ He was always sitting there with students who were some of the most articulate and those concerned with issues like violence in Central America and having businesses divest from South Africa , ” he said . “ These were the kids most concerned with issues of social justice and who took classes and books seriously . ”
Mr. Obama was involved in the Black Students ' Association and in the divestment campaign to pressure the college to pull its money out of companies doing business in South Africa . To make a point , students camped out in makeshift shantytowns on campus .
In his book , Mr. Obama said that his role in the divestment push started as kind of lark , “ part of the radical pose my friends and I sought to maintain. ” But then he became more engaged , contacting members of the African National Congress to have them speak at the college and writing letters to the faculty .
He was one of a handful of students who spoke at a campus divestment rally . Rebecca Rivera , who was a member of a similar Hispanic students ' group , recalled : “ He clearly understood our social responsibility and the way the college 's money was impacting the lives of black people in South Africa and preventing the country from progressing. ” Of his speech , she added , “ There was passion , absolutely , but not incoherent fieriness . ”
While he would sometimes attend parties thrown by black students and Latinos , Amiekoleh Usafi , a classmate who also spoke at the rally , recalled seeing him at parties put together by the political and artistic set .
Ms. Usafi , whose name at Occidental was Kim Kimbrew , said that the most she ever saw Mr. Obama indulging in were cigarettes and beer .
“ I would never say that he was a druggie , and there were plenty there , ” she said . “ He was too cool for all that . ”
OPEN ON SUNDAY : Booze Brothers in Eureka Springs is one of the handful of legal Sunday liquor outlets in the state .
Interesting story in the New York Times today about how cities across Georgia last week voted to approve Sunday package sales of alcohol .
Georgia was described as the last Southern state to allow Sunday sales in groceries and liquor stores . This would probably surprise most Arkies , who do n't know the Arkansas legislature years ago approved local option Sunday sales . I have n't checked lately , but the last time I looked , only Eureka Springs and Wiederkehr Village had taken advantage of the law . Need a bottle of whiskey on Sunday ? You can drive up to Eureka , rather than a local bootlegger , to get one .
Would n't Little Rock , presumably somewhat akin philosophically to Atlanta , approve Sunday sales if the City Board would only put it on the ballot ? And why wo n't the City Board act ? Unless I miss my guess , the refusal to make it impossible to pick up a six-pack on Sunday to take to the lake is less about lingering religious opposition than it is about industry resistance . Package stores , for example , would certainly oppose a measure that merely allowed beer sales on Sunday . And many of them do n't think they 'd recoup the cost of opening on Sunday if all sales would be permitted .
Conway and Jonesboro strongly believe the loosening of laws that allowed widespread restaurant alcohol sales — through sham private club arrangements — has been good for economic development . I also think some potential investors undoubtedly find it strange that the lights are turned off on beer coolers in Arkansas on Sunday .
North Korea Is About to Test a Missile That Can Reach Trump Tower
Donald Trump famously boasted that “ I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I would n't lose any voters. ” I wonder if that offer is good for a North Korean long-range missile hitting the same spot ?
I ask , because North Korea 's state media is now hinting that it will test a long-range missile capable of hitting New York — and trolling Donald Trump in the process .
You may recall that back in January , some media outlets got the idea that North Korea might test an intercontinental-range ballistic missile ( ICBM ) , prompting Trump to unleash a two-part Twitter tirade :
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S . It wo n't happen ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 2 , 2017
China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade , but wo n't help with North Korea . Nice ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 2 , 2017
North Korea 's reaction to the tweets was fairly muted at the time , though state media eventually released a statement suggesting it would test its missiles when Kim Jong-un pleased . A period of silence followed . In hindsight , it 's clear North Korea was n't backing down . North Korea just had a busy missile test plan for the 2017 , and it was n't about to alter it just because some buffoon was hate-tapping ill-tempered tweets .
Over the course of 2017 , North Korea has been working its way through flight tests for all the new missiles shown off in the April 15 military parade to commemorate Kim Il Sung 's birthday . So far , North Korea has tested a new land-based variant of its solid-fueled medium-range ballistic missile , a new intermediate-range ballistic missile , a short-range Scud modified for greatly improved accuracy , and most recently an anti-ship cruise missile . According to the database of tests compiled by my colleagues , North Korea has been popping off a missile launch about once a week .
At this brisk pace , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea has checked off all the new missiles displayed in the parade except for two : the apparent ICBMs displayed at the end .
As if on cue , North Korea has now turned back to Donald Trump 's tweet . Last week , North Korea 's Rodong Sinmun newspaper carried an article that noted :
“ Trump blustered early this year that the DPRK 's final access to a nuclear weapon that can reach the U.S. mainland will never happen .
But the strategic weapons tests conducted by the DPRK clearly proved that the time of its ICBM test is not a long way off at all . ”
And , in case that was n't perfectly clear , the article also stated : “ The DPRK is about 10,400 km far away from New York . But this is just not a long distance for its strike today . ”
North Korea was n't ready in January to test an ICBM . That now seems to have changed .
What sort of ICBM is North Korea likely to launch ? As I have noted elsewhere , most attention has focused on the missile that North Korea has been showing off since 2012 , which the United States calls the KN-08 . North Korea conducted a test of the KN-08 's engine last year . If the missile works — a fairly big if , to be honest — it would have the range to reach New York .
But there is also the possibility of a surprise . North Korea showed off two different heavy vehicles carrying canisters large enough for an ICBM , sending the clear message that there are multiple ICBMs under development . Other options include an ICBM based on the new engine that powered the Hwasong-12 or a larger solid-fueled ballistic missile . Each of these would be a surprise , in the sense that it represents a capability North Korea has yet to demonstrate . But then again , there is a first time for everything .
North Korea has said that the missile will “ soar into the sky with dynamism ” — although a first ICBM test is , more likely than not , likely to fail spectacularly . Rocket science is , after all , hard . But that first test will be a warning , a wake-up call that America 's long-running policy of attempting to scold the North Koreans into disarmament is at an end .
The Rodong Sinmun commentary argued that Washington 's “ hostile policy will end … when the DPRK conducts to test-fire of ICBM capable of precisely striking any place of the U.S. mainland. ” While I do n't expect Trump 's level of hostility will decline , the phrase “ hostile policy ” is a North Korean term of art . And the Rodong Sinmun commentary is correct in a specific sense : North Korea 's test of an ICBM will complete the development of a nuclear arsenal with a defined strategic role . It is the final step in building an arsenal that can deter and , to use another term of art , repel an American invasion . If deterrence were to fail , and an invasion were underway , North Korea already plans the widespread use of nuclear weapons against U.S. forces in South Korea and Japan . U.S. officials have repeatedly said that such a threat is not credible : “ Perhaps he 's got an enhanced capacity to conduct a nuclear attack ” one U.S. official noted , “ and then immediately die. ” Or , as Trump told Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte , “ We have a lot of firepower , more than [ Kim ] has , times 20 — but we do n't want to use it . ”
Tough talk like that is easy from behind the safety of a smartphone and an ocean . And that is why Kim wants an ICBM — to reach beyond the ocean and hit the hand tweeting out blustery threats . Surely Trump will continue to bloviate , but his threats will ring hollow once North Korea can threaten New York . With apologies to Gen. De Gaulle , would Donald Trump trade Trump Tower for Seoul or Tokyo ? Maybe Trump is right that he can shoot a random somebody on Fifth Avenue and not lose any votes , but what about tens of thousands of somebodies ? What if those somebodies are Melania and little Barron , back from Washington in their Trump Tower penthouse ?
Photo credit : JUNG YEON-JE/AFP/Getty Images
A message from John Roskam :
A few minutes ago the Senate voted to repeal the carbon tax . Let 's pause a moment to reflect on our achievement .
The Institute of Public Affairs has never wavered from its principles . The IPA will always stand up for what is right , not what is popular .
The IPA has always stood firm against carbon taxes – even when every political leader in Australia thought they were a good idea .
With high-quality research , compelling analysis , and a loud voice communicating the evidence , we changed the debate .
Together , we 've now won the debate .
It was your financial support that allowed the IPA to do all of this .
So thank you for your courage . You did what was right – not what was easy . And we prevailed .
After four games at Summer League , the Lakers organization has seen enough from Alex Caruso to sign him to the first two-way contract in team history .
Under this type of contract — which is being implemented in the NBA this season — Caruso will be able to split time with the Los Angeles Lakers and their NBA G League affiliate , the South Bay Lakers .
He can spend up to 45 days with the parent club , excluding time before South Bay 's training camp and after its season .
GM Nick Mazzella and @ Lakers head coach Luke Walton welcome @ ACFresh21 to the # LakeShow family ! A post shared by South Bay Lakers ( @ southbaylakers ) on Jul 13 , 2017 at 12:50pm PDT
Caruso earned this opportunity with an impressive all-around showing in Las Vegas , where he is averaging 6.5 points , 3.3 assists and 1.3 steals in 17.2 minutes for the Summer League squad .
He rose the occasion on Monday against Sacramento . With Lonzo Ball sidelined by a sore groin , Caruso stepped in and starred , putting up 18 points on 7-of-9 shooting , nine assists , four rebounds and four steals .
HIGHLIGHTS : Alex Caruso dropped 18 points with 9 assists in tonight 's win over the Kings # LakersSummer pic.twitter.com/15x9zOR0eX — Los Angeles Lakers ( @ Lakers ) July 11 , 2017
The 23-year-old has shown capable of using his 6-foot-5 , 181-pound frame against fellow point guards , particularly when bowling through the paint .
Even more so than his size , Caruso uses his intellect to his advantage . He has shown a knack for making correct decisions in pick-and-rolls , as well as firing the occasional skip pass to an open shooter .
He has also displayed a nose for the ball defensively , coming up with game-changing plays .
But that 's nothing new to those who have followed him in the NBA G League .
Caruso — who was a member of the Oklahoma City Thunder 's training camp last year — will likely spend the majority of his time with the South Bay Lakers , who have turned a conference foe into their point guard of the present .
Playing for the G League 's Oklahoma City Blue last season , Caruso led the league in steals with 108 . He also averaged 11.9 points , 5.2 assists and 2.2 steals while splashing 40.1 percent of his 3-point attempts .
Prior to going pro , the College Station native played at Texas A & M , where he remains the school 's all-time leader in both assists and steals .
It looks like crime has come to visit Netflix 's Death Note adaptation for real . This year , the streaming site is set to debut a live-action imagining of Death Note under the guidance of Adam Wingard , but not even Netflix could keep the set safe from Kira fanatics . According to the director , the set for Death Note was broken into this weekend , and the perpetrators left a rather chilling note .
UP NEXT : Death Note Musical Coming To America Soon
Let 's all just cross our fingers that no one got a hold of Ryuk 's Death Note , yeah ? Over on Twitter , Wingard shared a slew of posts that detailed the unexpected break-in . “ Death Note office got robbed last night . Left me a note saying I Was Here , ” the director wrote .
“ Missing a drive with vfx shots and he stole a binder with bank info stuff . When cops let us back in I 'll see if he wrote in the Desth Note. ” Later , Wingard even posted a pictured from the Death Note set that showed cops on the scene . A handful of officers is seen patrolling the area while one held an impressive gun , but not even that kind of ammunition could stop Kira if he was around to see it .
If you are not familiar with Death Note , then you should know the popular series is no shy about its dark , violent overtones . Originally published as a manga , Death Note tells the story of Light Yagami after the high school student comes across a strange notebook with deadly powers . Should the journal 's owner inscribe someone 's name in its pages , the intended victim will die . Intoxicated by his godlike power , Light begins to kill those he deems unworthy while local police frantically try to discover the culprit behind these mysterious deaths . MORE : Death Note Director Teases Nudity , Swearing , And Violence
Death Note office got robbed last night . Left me a note saying I Was Here . — Adam Wingard ( @ AdamWingard ) January 20 , 2017
Missing a drive with vfx shots and he stole a binder with bank info stuff . When cops let us back in I 'll see if he wrote in the Desth Note . — Adam Wingard ( @ AdamWingard ) January 20 , 2017
There have been several live-action adaptations of Death Note in Japan already , but Wingard 's will be the first for America . The film was shopped around at several studios before Netflix acquired the project , and Wingard has said the site has given them free reign for Death Note . Speaking to Collider last year , the director said his team could do “ whatever want want . ”
The United States Naval Academy Summer Seminar is the first step in navigating your future to becoming one of our nation 's next generation of leaders .
If you are currently in your junior year of high school and considering the Naval Academy as your college of choice , we strongly recommend you consider applying to Summer Seminar . Summer Seminar will introduce you to life at the Academy , where you will experience first-class academic , athletic , and professional training at the # 1 public college in the U.S. * ( Top 25 Public College in the U.S. 2017 , Forbes ) . Your Summer Seminar application will also serve as a preliminary application to the Academy that you will complete before or during your senior year .
You will live in Bancroft Hall , experience life on The Yard and learn from some of our best midshipmen and most esteemed faculty .
Apache Crunch Simple and Efficient MapReduce Pipelines
The Apache Crunch Java library provides a framework for writing , testing , and running MapReduce pipelines . Its goal is to make pipelines that are composed of many user-defined functions simple to write , easy to test , and efficient to run .
Running on top of Hadoop MapReduce and Apache Spark , the Apache Crunch™ library is a simple Java API for tasks like joining and data aggregation that are tedious to implement on plain MapReduce . The APIs are especially useful when processing data that does not fit naturally into relational model , such as time series , serialized object formats like protocol buffers or Avro records , and HBase rows and columns . For Scala users , there is the Scrunch API , which is built on top of the Java APIs and includes a REPL ( read-eval-print loop ) for creating MapReduce pipelines .
Life returned to normal for Brett Favre after this past weekend 's Pro Football Hall of Fame induction .
So what is normal for the legendary quarterback ?
“ I 'll probably cut grass in my front lawn with my gold jacket on , ” Favre said while in Canton . “ Nah , it 's too hot for that . People would be like , 'What is wrong with that guy ? Too many hits to the head . ' I do n't know . ”
Much like the bronze bust that sits in the Hall of Fame gallery , the gold jacket is a symbol that identifies those enshrined -- perhaps even more so because they get to keep it . Last year , before former Packers general manager Ron Wolf went in , his son , Eliot , who was his presenter , said his dad would “ probably wear it 24/7 for a week . ”
Now in the Hall of Fame , Brett Favre is returning to life as usual . AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Favre , however , does n't think life will change much . His youngest daughter , Breleigh , is 17 and an accomplished high school volleyball player ; her season actually started the day of Favre 's enshrinement . That will likely be the only match he misses . His oldest daughter , Brittany , and her husband , Alex , have two children who live nearby in Mississippi . Favre rarely plays golf anymore ; he was a regular on the links during his playing days . But he still hunts and works the land on his massive estate near Hattiesburg , Mississippi . He and his wife , Deanna , also train for triathlon races ,
“ You go back to life as usual , ” Favre said . “ I do n't think many people are going to say , ‘ Hey Brett , we 'll have supper for you here in a minute and we 'll wine and dine you and we 'll press your coat . ' I do n't think any of that is going to happen . ”
Favre , 46 , admitted nothing can replace the rush he got from playing football -- “ You ca n't cut grass and get the same feeling as throwing a touchdown pass to Sterling Sharpe , ” he said -- but in most other ways he 's the same laid-back guy who 's more comfortable in shorts and a T-shirt than in anything more formal .
“ He 's the same old Brett , ” former Packers tight end Mark Chmura said . “ I was with him two months ago in Mississippi and went to dinner with him , and sure as anything , he 's wearing the same shirt the next day to breakfast . I 'm like , ‘ C'mon , Nike or whoever ca n't send you another shirt ? ' He 's the exact same guy that I met in 1992 . ”
Favre 's only real connection to the football world comes in the form of a weekly radio show he just started co-hosting on SiriusXM NFL Radio . He said he does n't miss the game and finally feels settled into the retirement he embarked upon in 2011 ( his third and final one ) .
“ The first regular-season game was underway the year after I retired , [ and ] I did n't feel like I needed to be there , ” Favre said . “ In fact , I remember the Vikings were playing at San Diego and Percy Harvin returned the opening kickoff for a touchdown . And I was sitting there making a sandwich , Deanna and I were in the kitchen , and San Diego had the ball and went three-and-out , and Minnesota had the ball and I was watching and thinking , ‘ Boy , I 'm so glad I 'm not there . ' I knew then and there I had made the right move . ”
He has one return trip to Green Bay scheduled : for the Oct. 16 game against the Cowboys , when he will receive his Hall of Fame ring . When asked if he might become a more frequent visitor to Lambeau Field , Favre said : “ Let 's take it one year at a time . Let 's start with this year . It was pretty cool going last year . ”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Can we ever trust bankers again ?
As Britain awaits a major report by the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards , the BBC 's Business Production team , in partnership with the Open University , asks what went wrong with the system and can we ever trust bankers again ?
About £132bn of British taxpayers ' money has been spent bailing out the banks since the credit crunch in 2008 turned into an economic crisis .
But the crisis has exposed deeper problems with the banking industry .
The first episode of a three-part BBC Two series looks at the Libor scandal - a watershed moment that finally exposed wide-scale lying and cheating at the heart of the banking system .
FIND OUT MORE Bankers : Fixing The System is on BBC Two on Wednesday 8 May at 21:00 BST , or catch up later on BBC iPlayer . Bankers : Fixing The System
Three banks - Barclays , Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) and UBS - have together been fined more than £1.6bn by British and American regulators for fixing submissions to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ( Libor ) .
Marcus Agius , who resigned as chairman of Barclays as a result of the scandal , described the moment last June when he discovered what had been going on with Libor : `` I was sick to my stomach because I realised just what an appalling thing it was and I realised what a serious implication it would have for the bank . ''
Several other banks are still under investigation . The outcry over Libor was so great that it prompted the setting-up of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards , which is set to release a major report by the end of this month .
Libor , although little known outside banking circles before the scandal broke , underpins the financial system .
Mark Gilbert , of Bloomberg TV , says : `` Everything you borrow , in effect , is influenced by Libor : every credit card , every mortgage , every car loan . ''
Daily a number of leading banks submit rates for 10 currencies and 15 lengths of loan , ranging from overnight to 12 months .
In each case , the four highest rates and the four lowest rates are ignored . The average of the remaining rates makes up the Libor rate .
Libor is embedded in more than $ 300tn ( £192tn ) of financial contracts , derivatives and loans .
As Gary Gensler , chairman of the US regulator , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , says : `` This is the mother of all reference rates… [ It 's ] about six times the world economy in orders of magnitude of dollars of contracts . ''
Fixing the System traces the cultural changes that took place in London 's banks during the late 1990s and early 2000s , which many now identify as one of the underlying causes of the Libor scandal .
Image caption The Libor is set in London but controls trading in New York and all over the world
David Buik is a market commentator who began working in the City in the 1960s . `` When I started , '' he says , `` 'My word is my bond ' was the motto . ''
But Libor worked on trust and was entirely unregulated , so when greed and corruption crept in there were no safeguards .
It has now become clear that traders at several banks conspired to influence Libor by getting colleagues to submit rates that were either higher or lower than their actual estimate .
Even a tiny misrepresentation of an interest rate - say , from 2.6 % to 2.7 % - can make an enormous change to the profits being made .
Incriminating emails
The Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) trawled through the data records of traders at RBS , UBS and Barclays and found numerous incriminating emails , instant messages and phone calls that showed how Libor had been manipulated .
One message from a Barclays trader read : `` Pls go for 5.36 again , very important that the setting comes as high as possible . Thanks . ''
Other messages showed how mutual back-scratching among traders was making many of them rich at the expense of the integrity of the market .
`` Mate , yur getting bloody good at this libor game . think of me when yur on yur yacht in monaco wont yu , '' another broker wrote to a UBS trader .
The Libor scandal brought to an end Bob Diamond 's stellar career as boss of Barclays - the first bank to be fined by the regulators for Libor fixing .
Image caption Bob Diamond resigned as chief executive of Barclays last year after the bank was fined £290m for trying to manipulate Libor rates
Barclays was founded in the 17th Century by Quakers .
But in 1996 , Mr Diamond , a charismatic and highly competitive American , took over and revamped the bank 's investment arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd ( BZW ) , as Barclays Capital , turning it from a sleepy backwater into a bullish and risk-taking organisation .
In 2007 , Barclays reported record profits of £7bn , largely thanks to a 300 % increase in profits from Barclays Capital over the previous six years .
But Barclays Capital was at the heart of the Libor scandal .
Last June , Barclays was fined £290m . The deputy governor of the Bank of England , Andrew Bailey , said : `` The message that the authorities were giving to Barclays was that they had to face up to the full reality of the situation and that it was untenable to think they could go on with the same management , almost as if not much had happened . ''
'No confidence '
Mr Agius recalls : `` To put it simply , the governor [ Sir Mervyn King ] , who had spoken to the chairman of the FSA [ Financial Services Authority ] and indeed had spoken to the chancellor of the exchequer , was delivering us a message that the regulator authorities no longer had confidence in our chief executive . A very , very strong message . ''
Mr Diamond was forced to resign a few days later .
Image caption The economic crisis has fuelled widespread anger about the banking industry
Although banking has become something of a dirty word because of scandals such as Libor , there is no doubt that Britain needs a strong financial services industry .
So what do we need the banks of the future to be like ?
Gillian Tett , assistant editor of the Financial Times , says : `` Right now , in some ways , you have the worst of both worlds in the UK . You have a public who does n't like the idea of banks making money , and frankly you have many politicians who do n't like the idea of banks making money .
`` They are asking a completely impossible task of the banks - to become profitable enterprises that do n't need government support and yet , at the same time , they are reacting with horror when the banks actually try to do that . ''
'Rebuilding trust '
Sir Philip Hampton , chairman of the RBS Group , says : `` We need our banks to be banks , if I can put it as crudely as that . ''
He says the public are angry : `` They do n't like the fact that the banks let them down and they do n't like the fact that they had to bail them out and put that on top of all the other day-to-day issues - service not very good and value is often disappointing - and this is an industry that needs a lot of fixing and a lot of repairing in its relationship with its core customer base . ''
Antony Jenkins , who replaced Bob Diamond as Barclays chief executive , says : `` We have to be realistic that rebuilding trust in the banking industry is going to take a long time and it 's a product of what banks do , not what they say . ''
Jean-Claude Trichet , former president of the European Central Bank , says : `` Now people would not accept , as they did in the past , to help considerably the financial sector because they have a lost a large part of their confidence . Greed can not be dominating everything , because this is the ultimate recipe for catastrophe . ''
Watch Bankers : Fixing The System on BBC2 on Wednesday 8 May at 21:00 BST , or catch up later on BBC iPlayer .
I do n't have a Nexus Player , neither do I live in a country where Netflix is available , but I would have assumed that a movie and TV streaming app on a set-top box should support surround sound . By default . I mean , that 's a given , is n't it ? WRONG . So wrong . Could n't be any more wrong . Netflix ' official version for Android TV , 1.0.4 build 136 , just plays sound in stereo , no Dolby in sight .
Screenshots courtesy of our tipster , Garrett
That bummer is now remedied thanks to the extracted Netflix 2.0 APK from Sony 's Android TV . Thanks to the same XDA user brar.arsh who extracted the Amazon Instant File , we now have a newer version of Netflix that you can send to your Nexus Player . Those who rushed to try it out instantly noticed a new option under Audio settings : Dolby Digital Plus 5.1 . How convenient .
Here 's the APK so you can enjoy the same audio goodness , but remember that you 'll have to send it to your Nexus Player using something like Air Share .
Download
The APK is signed by Netflix and upgrades your existing app . The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way .
File name : com.netflix.ninja-2.0_build_295-295-minAPI21.apk
Version : 2.0 build 295 ( 295 )
MD5 : af6362b91487094c45c4e3748ee5cb8e
We love to eat out , go to music concerts , watch sports , shop and travel . It is apparent from the pattern of recent attacks , terrorists do n't want us to do any of this .
Their leaders , terrorists of the Islamic State ( IS ) , want everyone to regress into their 7th-century world dictated by archaic tribals laws based on fear and punishment of some god they have appropriated and interpreted .
It must be clear to the IS by now , especially after the series of setbacks against Iraqi armies and the pounding by various coalitions arrayed against them , that it will never rule over a vast territory , establish a Sunni Caliphate or battle the army of Rome in an end-of-days battle at Dabiq .
So , it has decided to focus on a guerrilla war against the freedoms that humanity cherishes . This will only escalate as Daesh ( Arabic for IS ) finds itself squeezed out of the Middle East .
In Paris , a few months ago , IS terrorists targeted people eating in restaurants , participating in concerts and watching football games .
In Brussels , on Tuesday , terrorists set off explosions in an airport terminal , attacking our freedom to travel . The bomb , carried mostly likely by a fidayeen into a departure lounge , was aimed at people taking early morning trans-Atlantic flights .
This concerted attack on modern lifestyles , the things we love -- food , music , travel , sports -- is an indication that terrorists want people to live in fear , forget their freedoms and turn their homes into cages of cowardice .
That the attacks are being carried out in Brussels and Paris — two European cities considered hubs of liberal , cosmopolitan lifestyles — is a clear sign that terrorists are not attacking people randomly in crowded places . They are striking events in high-profile places to ensure their message of 'stay home , do n't eat out , sing , dance , play , travel or else ' gets wide publicity .
So far , as the history of such attacks shows , the terrorists have failed miserably . After every attack , people get into their protective shells for a brief period , like they did in Paris after the attacks in November , but eventually life returns to normal . Nothing changes .
Everywhere in the world , in Mumbai ( 1993 , 2006 and 2008 ) , New York ( 2001 ) , Madrid ( 2004 ) , London ( 2005 ) and Paris , people shrugged off memories of terror attacks , personal loss and returned to malls , theatres , stadiums and airports .
It would be wrong to assume people do n't get scared after a terror strike . The fear of death , of losing a loved one in a terror attack keeps people home for a long time after every attack .
In Paris , for instance , The New York Times reported that several markets were shut during Christmas and the number of shoppers during the holiday season was abysmally low after the recent attacks . The mood was sombre and the economy was hit hard because people refused to spend money .
But , in the end , as a period of calm prevails , fear subsides and the trauma of loss fades away , people step out again , with the hope that the previous attack may have made security agencies wiser and the government would have initiated steps to ensure the safety of citizens .
Only to be attacked again .
How long can this go on ?
The latest conflict between humanity and its enemies who ca n't be seen , do not come from a particular region and kill in the name of god has just begun . It is unlikely that this war will end sometime soon , especially till Islam finds a way to neutralise and eliminate the jihadists it is breeding .
Reports indicate that hundreds of trained fighters have returned from Syria , where Daesh is fighting a losing war against a coalition of forces , to unleash terror in Europe . Their plan is to carry out intermittent attacks in mainland Europe and terrorise people to stay indoors , give up their liberties .
The only way governments can win this war , protect liberties and freedoms , is by upgrading the security and surveillance systems . They will have to guard people even as their intelligence agencies track and destroy terror cells . Otherwise , people would be at the mercy of terrorists .
In Brussels , terrorists struck even when the security agencies were convinced they will launch a counterattack to avenge the arrest of Salah Abdeslam , one of the perpetrators of the Paris attacks caught a few days ago . But , for some reason , the Brussels authorities lowered the terror alert after Abdeslam 's arrest . Such incompetence puts lives at risk and emboldens terrorists to strike with impunity .
Consider , for instance , Tuesday 's strike on the Brussels airport . So lax was the security at the international terminal that anybody could have walked into it with a bag full of explosives , without getting scanned or stopped . Someone did and blew it up .
The attacks in Paris and Brussels show governments will have to think of new safeguards to deal with the strategy of targeting events and freedoms . Malls , theatres , stadiums , airports , schools and transport hubs — all potential targets — will have to be secured afresh .
The age of innocence , where anybody can be allowed to walk into a public place unchecked , is obviously over .
Consider , as a contrast , the airport in the Indian city of Srinagar as a model for our trying times . The building has such tight security that nobody can get within 200 metres of it without getting their baggage screened or passing through metal detectors at heavily guarded entrance gates . The drill is then repeated inside with increased strictness and alacrity , sometimes twice and thrice .
The security is exasperating . But , it takes the fear out of flying .
If only Brussels had similar security at its airport .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The Rutgers University faculty council has passed a resolution calling for the school to rescind Condoleezza Rice 's invitation to speak at commencement .
The former secretary of state drew the ire of the school 's professors for her “ prominent role in [ the Bush ] administration 's efforts to mislead the American people about the presence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and the existence of links between al Qaeda and the Iraqi regime . ”
Her efforts in the administration , according to the resolution , ” led to the second Iraq war , which caused the death of over 100,000 men , women and children , and the displacement of millions of others . ”
The professors concluded that Rutgers should not honor someone who “ participated in a political effort to circumvent the law ” and pleaded for the school 's board of governors to rescind Rice 's invitation to speak .
The school newspaper , The Daily Targum , published an editorial that agreed with the faculty 's resolution that Rice should not speak at commencement and argued the student body was n't comfortable with anyone who has “ questionable ” politics .
“ The point is , we just do n't feel comfortable having politicians as commencement speakers at all . A commencement speaker is meant to be someone who has made some extraordinary and meaningful accomplishments in their lives to inspire a generation of college graduates . Rice probably has a lot of advice on perseverance , dedication and hard work that she can offer to this year 's graduating class , but what she chose to do with those qualities is certainly questionable to us , ” the editorial stated .
A university spokesman said that Rice 's selection was “ unanimously approved ” by the board of directors and there are no plans to cancel her appearance .
A similar situation occurred last year at Swarthmore College where another Bush official , Robert Zoellick , withdrew from speaking at his alma mater 's commencement after students vocally criticized his selection .
Follow Scott on Twitter
Turning on the tap could soon cost you more .
The city 's most powerful committee unanimously approved a three-year sewer and water rate hike Wednesday . The increase is expected to cost the average household $ 69 in 2016 , another $ 100 next year and $ 92 more the following year , pending council approval .
Mayor Brian Bowman said he will ask if the new Progressive Conservative government will devote more cash towards , or extend provincial deadlines , to complete billions of dollars worth of sewer treatment upgrades . But the mayor said the city ca n't afford to postpone meeting its obligations in the meantime .
`` We have to make a decision based on the facts that we have today . There are a number or investments … that currently we need to meet , '' said Bowman .
The city must complete $ 1.2 billion of wastewater treatment plant upgrades by deadlines set in 2018 and 2019 . Following that , the city must also reduce combined sewer overflows at a cost of somewhere between $ 1 billion and $ 4 billion .
Some members of city council had argued low-income Winnipeg residents simply ca n't afford the rate hike , leading to a tied vote on the matter at the city 's water and waste committee .
Sakura Con is coming up soon ! Make sure to follow me on Twitter for all the fun that is coming ! @ gsc_mamitan
Special News for Sakura Con ! We 're bringing back some very popular and hard to find figures , however due to their low stock we will be hosting daily lotteries to purchase these items ! Simply come by the booth and request your ticket for the drawing , 1 ticket per person , per day . You 'll enter into a chance to purchase either Good Smile Company 's 1/8th Ultimate Madoka or Good Smile Company 's Life Sized 1/1 Kyubey Soft Vinyl Figure !
The lottery drawing will be each day at 2pm , so you 'll have from 10am when the exhibit hall opens until 2pm to get your ticket !
For Ultimate Madoka , we have have 4 pcs in stock ! That means on Friday we 'll have TWO lottery drawings ! Saturday and Sunday will only have 1 drawing per day for this item .
For Kyubey we 'll only have 3 in stock for the entire event , so make sure to participate in the daily drawing to get yours ! Pricing for each item will be announced on Thursday , March 24th on our social media sites ! Make sure to check Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter for more information !
The rest of our stock list for Sakura Con 2016 will be coming up soon ! Stand by on the blog for more details !
-Mamitan < 3
High court judge finds home secretary failed to protect three people who were locked up in immigration detention centre
The home secretary , Theresa May , failed to protect three potential victims of trafficking who were locked up in an immigration detention centre , a high court judge has ruled .
The three test cases on trafficking are linked to a series of other legal challenges which have successfully argued that the detention of asylum seekers while their claims are being decided is unlawful because it has failed to protect vulnerable people .
The three victims who challenged the home secretary were a 22-year-old Albanian woman forced into marriage with a man who wanted to traffic her , a 49-year-old Nigerian woman forced to have sex with her husband 's friends , and a Nigerian boy who was brought to the UK on a sports visa through the John Fashanu Foundation programme and claimed to have been tortured , raped and trafficked .
May has admitted that she failed to correctly identify victims of trafficking , failed to make appropriate referrals to police and trafficking authorities , and allowed the detained fast track ( DFT ) procedure to operate in a discriminatory way .
Under the procedure , people seeking asylum in the UK who are considered suitable for fast-tracking , often on the basis of their country of origin , are detained while their claim is determined .
Mr Justice Blake ruled on Monday that all three claimants had been detained unlawfully by May .
Stephanie Harrison QC , who acted for two of the claimants , said : “ It is n't without some irony that only a few months ago the modern slavery act came into force heralded by the home secretary as offering protection to victims of trafficking being criminalised .
“ The Home Office now needs to adhere to the law and its own commitments on trafficking and urgently review the asylum system so victims of trafficking are no longer detained and denied vital protections . ”
In light of the recent terror attack in Orlando , Florida many people are asking the question , “ What can the government do to protect the people ? ” Everything from banning certain types of firearms to prohibiting people on the no-fly list from buying guns to immigration reforms has been proposed as possible government solutions .
However , did you know that the government , and specifically law enforcement , does not have any duty to protect the general public ? Based on the headline and this information , you might assume this is a new , landmark decision . However , it has long been the court 's stance that , essentially , the American people are responsible for taking case of their own personal safety .
According to a 2005 ruling from the SCOTUS , the government does n't even have a duty to protect you if you 've obtained a court issued restraining order . From a New York Times article on that ruling :
The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that the police did not have a constitutional duty to protect a person from harm , even a woman who had obtained a court-issued protective order against a violent husband making an arrest mandatory for a violation .
The decision , with an opinion by Justice Antonin Scalia and dissents from Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , overturned a ruling by a federal appeals court in Colorado . The appeals court had permitted a lawsuit to proceed against a Colorado town , Castle Rock , for the failure of the police to respond to a woman 's pleas for help after her estranged husband violated a protective order by kidnapping their three young daughters , whom he eventually killed .
For hours on the night of June 22 , 1999 , Jessica Gonzales tried to get the Castle Rock police to find and arrest her estranged husband , Simon Gonzales , who was under a court order to stay 100 yards away from the house . He had taken the children , ages 7 , 9 and 10 , as they played outside , and he later called his wife to tell her that he had the girls at an amusement park in Denver .
A 1989 case found the same thing . Also from the Times :
A 1989 decision , DeShaney v. Winnebago County , held that the failure by county social service workers to protect a young boy from a beating by his father did not breach any substantive constitutional duty .
Going back even further , to 1981 , a federal court of appeals found the same lack of responsibility . From the Wikipedia page on Warren v. District of Columbia :
In two separate cases , Carolyn Warren , Miriam Douglas , Joan Taliaferro , and Wilfred Nichol sued the District of Columbia and individual members of the Metropolitan Police Department for negligent failure to provide adequate police services . The trial judges held that the police were under no specific legal duty to provide protection to the individual plaintiffs and dismissed the complaints .
In a 2-1 decision , the District of Columbia Court of Appeals determined that Warren , Taliaferro , and Nichol were owed a special duty of care by the police department and reversed the trial court rulings . In a unanimous decision , the court also held that Douglas failed to fit within the class of persons to whom a special duty was owed and affirmed the trial court 's dismissal of her complaint . The case was reheard by an en banc panel of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals .
Given the fact that the government is not responsible for protecting the general public from common criminals , rapists , mass murderers and terrorists , then why do so many government proposed solutions involve limiting the general public 's access to firearms ? It 's a question that is worth considering as we move forward with this discussion .
Sources :
– Warren v. District of Columbia
– Justices Rule Police Do Not Have a Constitutional Duty to Protect Someone ( NY Times )
The fundamental division in modern politics is between corporatists and believers in free markets . So what , you might say , that has been a fundamental division for quite a while . This time it is different , however . As a general rule , the more right wing a politician or commentator is seen to be , the more likely he or she is to support the propping up of lame ducks and the requisitioning of public money to subsidise grasping workers . Meanwhile those who support breaking up the banks so that they are no longer either big to fail are variously described as lefties , the enemies of wealth creation , banker bashers and the like . The fact that the trust-busting we desire would allow the separated high street and investment banks to succeed or fail on their own merits is everywhere ignored .
Even by the surreal standards of Britain in a crisis , the conventional labelling of the divisions in public life is bizarre . Consider these estimates of the burden bankers have dumped on the & ” hard-working tax-payers ” supposedly conservative politicians claim to support above all others .
• Chris Dillow of the Investors Chronicle points out that in 2010 the combined profits of Barclays , Lloyds and RBS were £10.2bn , meaning that banks might be almost worthless without that implicit state aid . Dillow speculates , pertinently , that if public subsidy on this scale carries on much longer , Tories will find it hard to claim that their party believes ‘ in the Thatcherite virtues of self-reliance and standing on your own two feet ' without being laughed to scorn .
• Aditya Chakrabortty of the Guardian takes the IMF 's calculation that Britain has put £1.2 trillion behind the finance sector and calculates that every man , woman and child in Britain has made an involuntary donation of £19,271 a head , which they may not get back .
• Manchester University 's Centre for Research on Socio-Cultural Change ( Cresc ) calculates that the taxes paid by finance between 2002 and 2008 , came to only £193bn — and were immediately wiped out by the upfront costs of the banking bail-out .
My rule does not always apply . Ed Miliband and Ed Balls are almost as timid about banking reform as George Osborne and David Cameron , and Matthew Hancock , Nadhim Zahawi and several others of the young conservative MPs know that Britain can not carry on with a policy of socialism for the rich .
But my wider point about modern corporatism being a right-wing more than a left-wing phenomenon still holds . The Telegraph and the Economist have become wailing walls for the City 's apologists . To quote the most egregious example to hand the Telegraph leader writer says this morning of Bob Diamond 's resignation , ‘ The mob has cornered another victim . ' Inside the paper , columnist after columnist argues that reform would be counter-productive , impossible , ill-considered and dangerous — as if the status quo had not delivered us into danger 's hands already .
As a journalist , I find the indifference of conservative writers to their readers ' interests quite shocking . It is their readers ' whose taxes have been seized ; their readers in small businesses who were & ” mis-sold ” — and what a soothing mind numbing euphemism for & ” fraud ” mis-selling is — insurance on terms that came close to duress . Yet the journalists who claim to speak for them , and the Tory MPs who claim to represent them find 101 reasons for doing nothing .
Politically , there is no real pressure on George Osborne to implement even the puny reforms of the Vickers Commission . It is left to the Financial Times , regarded as a pink newspaper in every sense of the word by unthinking conservatives , to state the obvious this morning and say that the casino culture of investment banking has corrupted high street banking and we need a complete separation on Glass-Steegal lines .
Today 's hypocrisies can not last for two reasons . First the gap between what Conservatives say and what they do will soon become an electoral liability . No centre-right party can expect to prosper if it puts the interests of the state-subsidised rich before the interests of the middle class . Second , inertia is destroying what 's left of the City 's reputation . Unless radical reform begins soon , the world will see it as a pirate state which you visit , rob or be robbed but never to conduct honest business .
Image copyright AP Image caption Anti-aircraft cannon being used by pro-separatist forces in Donetsk this week
The separatist-held east Ukrainian town of Antratsyt is turning into a hub for fighters and arms from neighbouring Russia , one frightened resident has told BBC News .
Like the smokeless anthracite coal from which it takes its name , the town appears to be quietly burning with martial activity .
Cossack militiamen from the neighbouring Russian region of Rostov and fighters from the North Caucasus wander its streets , Oxana ( not her real name ) said by telephone .
Armoured troop carriers pass through the streets , four , five , six at a time , according to the woman , who is in her mid-thirties .
A friend in a block of flats closer to the centre , she says , witnessed helicopters hovering over the town centre at about 04:00 a few days earlier .
After they left , a `` huge '' quantity of military hardware lay on the square , including what appeared to be heavy machine-guns and anti-aircraft cannon , destination unknown .
A barracks for the Cossacks is being arranged and , more ominously again , a field hospital is being rigged up , Oxana says . In fact , she adds , medical kit for the treatment of battlefield injuries is disappearing from pharmacies .
Local men are being lured away from their jobs in the mines , she says , to join the separatist army with the promise of good food and pay .
In transit
I have only Oxana 's word for the current situation in this town of 78,000 but some of her account matches recent reports by bloggers .
A video posted on YouTube on 5 May shows a convoy of Cossacks being greeted in Antratsyt .
Escorted by what appears to be a Ukrainian police car , the open-back lorries file past , Russian tricolours flying , the masked gunman aboard punching the air or flashing the V for Victory salute .
Celebrating the arrival of the Cossacks in the fight with the `` killers '' who took power in Kiev , the apparent author of the video writes that he has heard how the previous night ( 4 May ) a convoy of armoured cars carrying North Caucasians passed through , regional lezginka folk music blaring from a window .
The idea that the Russians are coming to help the separatists fight Ukrainian `` fascists '' has been instilled in local people through relentless local and Russian propaganda , Oxana says .
In this multi-ethnic town - men once came from all over the old USSR to work in the mines , everyone from Armenians to Koreans - the Ukrainian language used to be spoken as freely as Russian , she says , but now people are afraid to use it .
Masks off
The fighting which has taken or shattered lives in the neighbouring region of Donetsk has passed Antratsyt so far , she says , but she has heard of two men being shot and killed in incidents at separatist checkpoints in the area .
Surprisingly , perhaps , there seems to be no problem yet with food supplies or the Ukrainian currency supply to banks , but the very sight of gunmen with their weapons on the streets is unnerving townspeople , even if everyday life continues much as normal .
`` The Chechens do n't wear masks and you see them with their big beards , '' Oxana says .
One of her neighbours asked a group out of curiosity - `` we are full of curiosity in these parts '' , according to Oxana - where they were from and whether they were Chechens .
In broken , heavily accented Russian , they replied : `` What Chechen ? We are Russia Federation '' ( I Russian : `` Kakoy chechentsy ? My russkaya federatsia '' ) .
Traders at the markets are under pressure to donate food or clothing to the separatist cause , she says .
`` Almost the whole population of the town really is inclined to believe that only Russia can help us now , '' Oxana says , stressing that there was a big turnout for the referendum on self-rule on 11 May .
But after months of relentless propaganda , people feel `` intimidated '' and `` worked up '' , the local woman adds . `` If you believe in Ukraine and want to remain part of it , you are even afraid to say so to close friends now . ''
Under the leadership of Captain Kuumaarke , the Lukari have set out on a journey to investigate some unusual activity in an unexplored region . Fearing the Tzenkethi are behind this , they put out a call for help to the Alliance , who tasks captains from across the galaxy to help the Lukari prevent a looming cataclysmic attack .
Featured Episode : Of Signs and Portents
Terrible and destructive protomatter has appeared on the frontier of the Alpha Quadrant , not far from Lukari space . Together with members of the Alliance including the legendary Klingon General Rodek , the Lukari are determined to unravel this mystery .
Tzenkethi : Foes of Reckoning
The Tzenkethi bring a new threat to the Alliance ! These hardy enemies utilizing protomatter distort space that has a devastating effect in war . Tzenkethi are a force that can match the Alliance , utilizing deadly new tactics .
Tzenkethi Space Queues & Battlezone
Tzenkethi forces have set up operations in the Gon'cra system , at the far edges of explored space ! Rally the troops and destroy the Tzenkethi in this space battlezone featuring the terrifying Tzenkethi Dreadnought .
Lukari Restoration Reputation Working with the Lukari , Captains will work to undo the terrible damage dealt by the Tzenkethi . Utilizing both protomatter and scientific focus , the Lukari have resulted in all-new technologies from traits , kit modules , and ground equipment . Kits and Modules Research School Defeat the Tzenkethi with our all-new Kits and Modules Research School ! This new R & D School gives Captains the ability to craft Kit Modules , Kits , and other resources to assist them in ground-based missions .
'Bailout psychology ' destroying the economy BAILOUT PSYCHOLOGY
WASHINGTON - MARCH 30 : U.S. President Barack Obama ( R ) , with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , makes an announcement about the U.S auto industry at the White House March 30 , 2009 in Washington , DC . Obama unveiled the details of his administration 's plan to deal with the auto industry crisis . ( Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images ) less WASHINGTON - MARCH 30 : U.S. President Barack Obama ( R ) , with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , makes an announcement about the U.S auto industry at the White House March 30 , 2009 in Washington , DC . Obama ... more Photo : Mark Wilson , Getty Images Photo : Mark Wilson , Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 'Bailout psychology ' destroying the economy 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
President Obama must stop the bailouts and start the prosecutions . It 's time to focus on anti-poverty programs to protect the growing unemployed from hunger and homelessness . Stealth payments to billionaire bondholders must cease immediately .
Since the mid-1970s , average Americans ' wages have stayed flat when adjusted for inflation . Productivity rose , profits rose , but not wages . To compensate for stagnant wages and the desire to consume more each year , Americans worked more , retired later , spouses went to work , and many burned savings . Then they started borrowing . Debt became America 's growth industry .
The scheme collapsed because Americans ' wages were n't sufficient to pay the interest on existing debts . The only way out of this is to tighten our belts and pay down debt , the opposite of what our bank-owned government is advising .
The administration and the banks keep talking about a credit crisis , but there is n't one . Banks are lending . If you want a mortgage and can afford to pay it back , you can borrow at low rates today . You can finance a car at low rates for seven years . But most Americans do n't want more debt because it is a debilitating path to poverty . The average American family already pays 14 percent of annual income in interest to banks .
To fix this fake crisis , there are fake discussions about what the government must do . The endlessly recycled plan to buy `` troubled '' assets is n't to get banks lending again , because they have n't stopped lending . The plan seeks for taxpayers to buy worthless assets at high prices to absorb rich investors ' losses . That 's it . It keeps coming back as a different plan , but with that same goal . There is no goal beyond that one goal : keep rich people from taking losses .
Obama and his economic gurus all chant , `` Credit is the lifeblood of the economy , '' but they do n't mean credit . They mean debt . Imagine the president saying , `` Debt is the lifeblood of our economy . We desperately need to get more American families deeper in debt . '' That 's what he means , and that 's what these bailouts hope to do .
In a Sept. 14 article in this newspaper , I noted that banks push senators , with the blessing of the administration , to introduce bills that are bailouts , but disguised to appear not to be bailouts . The goal is to accomplish the desired result without risking your bought-and-paid-for representative .
Imagine you bet $ 500,000 on a stock and it dropped to $ 20,000 . If you owned Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , he 'd get on TV and explain that if the government did n't buy your shares for $ 500,000 , the economy would suffer because you could n't invest anymore . He 'd say the `` free market '' is n't pricing the stock `` right , '' and we have to `` help '' the market with taxpayer money to make sure you get the `` right '' price .
Bailout psychology is destroying the economy . Banks hold off on foreclosures in the hope of refinancing borrowers into government-backed loans that will almost certainly default - at taxpayer expense . I 've talked to ordinary people delinquent on credit cards who put off bankruptcy because they `` heard '' the president was unhappy with unfair bank practices and `` help was coming soon . '' Millions of homeowners desperate to sell are keeping empty houses off the market waiting for a `` rebound , '' flushing a stream of income down the toilet .
Worsening economic figures are being used to confirm that more bailouts are needed rather than that previous ones might be failing . The logic is much like medieval blood letting : The patient died because we did n't drain enough of his blood .
The promise of more bailouts also keeps everyone from doing what 's necessary . Millions of houses sit empty , open to vandalism and destruction , while millions of Americans live in cars or on the street . Our tax money is given to banks and speculators to hold houses empty .
On March 20 , 2007 , I wrote here that a mortgage bailout was coming and would cost at least $ 1 trillion , yet not bail out homeowners . As it turned out , the bailout did nothing to stop foreclosures from going through the roof . On Feb. 8 , 2008 , I wrote here that Fannie and Freddie would be taken into receivership within a year - an event that occurred Sept. 7 . I argued here on Sept. 18 that most loan modifications were a fraud and `` I optimistically predict that within 12 months half of these refinanced loans will result in default . '' On Dec. 8 , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency announced that 53 percent of modified loans were in default .
To `` fix '' all these problems , the George W. Bush administration , and now the Obama administration , have chosen people ( or their accomplices ) who stole from the public . That 's why no one has been prosecuted . Would former Treasury Secretary and Goldman Sachs chief Henry Paulson have pressured for an investigation of Goldman Sachs ? Right .
As president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , current Treasury Secretary Geithner had a front-row seat during the run-up to the crisis and watched for years while pushing a `` no regulation '' policy . Why ? At that time his friends were winning their bets and making a lot of money .
Why did n't Bush or Obama pick Brooksley Born ( the Commodity Futures Trading Commission chair who tried to regulate credit default swaps ) or Harry Markopolos ( the whistle-blower in the Madoff scandal ) to serve as treasury secretary or chairman of the SEC ? Because Born and Markopolos are technically competent and possess integrity . Banks would tolerate neither quality in an administration official .
We have a crisis of confidence , because fraud permeates most of our banks and financial institutions . The solution is law enforcement , not handouts . On Jan. 31 , 2009 , Santa Barbara police held a 53-year-old homeless man on $ 20,000 bail for shoplifting $ 7.69 worth of soup and bread . Yet Bush did not move to prosecute a single executive at any of these banks , and Obama likewise does n't want to be `` vengeful '' by investigating the crimes of investment bankers .
If the government feels lenient , ca n't it let alone families campingin a vacant lot in Sacramento , or homeless people stealing bread ?
We can stop this by closing our accounts at any bank that took government money . A list is on the Treasury 's Web site . Close your accounts and move them . If we do , those banks will suffer receivership or bankruptcy within a few months , and then there will be no need for bailouts . Our healthy community banks will thrive , while billionaire bondholders will have to downsize their G-5 fleets and take a haircut .
If you buy an American car , buy a Ford . Do not buy GM or Chrysler . GM and Chrysler took bailout money . If everyone who bought a GM or Chrysler bought a Ford , GM and Chrysler would quickly go bankrupt , the government would be forced to stop giving them tycoon welfare , and Ford would probably have enough customers to get through this . If Ford takes bailout money , do n't buy a Ford , either . You do n't need to buy anything . Save your money until the government stops the bailouts . Your children will thank you for the peace and security .
From the mouth of babes
This young girl just wants to know if Congressman Jason Chaffetz believes in science .
At a heated town hall meeting in Utah this week , Hannah Bradshaw asked Chaffetz two simple questions : “ What are you doing to help protect our water and air for our generations and my kids ' generations ? ”
And a pointed follow-up : “ Do you believe in science ? Because I do . ”
Utah Congressman Chaffetz gets totally owned by 10 year old girl 's sick burn about science , refuses to answer her question & crowd goes wild pic.twitter.com/FxKUM2TklY — Aaron Stewart-Ahn ( @ somebadideas ) February 10 , 2017
Those questions seem reasonable , considering the congressman is a noted climate denier and recently drafted a bill that would put 3.3 million acres of public lands up for sale .
His response was predictably lackluster . After agreeing that “ things thrown into our air , what is thrown into our water ” affect the environment , he defended an “ all of the above ” energy strategy and stated his support for coal .
He eventually got around to reassuring young Hannah that he does believe in science , but boos and outbursts from the crowd ended the town hall meeting .
Republican lawmakers across the country are facing impassioned crowds demanding answers on Obamacare and other issues . In fact , all of the GOP members of Congress from Washington state seem to be hiding out from their constituents — maybe they have space in their panic rooms for a guy from Utah ?
The next generation of Google 's Android operating system , due for release next month , will encrypt data by default for the first time , the company said Thursday , raising yet another barrier to police gaining access to the troves of personal data typically kept on smartphones .
Android has offered optional encryption on some devices since 2011 , but security experts say few users have known how to turn on the feature . Now Google is designing the activation procedures for new Android devices so that encryption happens automatically ; only somebody who enters a device 's password will be able to see the pictures , videos and communications stored on those smartphones .
The move offers Android , the world 's most popular operating system for smartphones , a degree of protection that resembles what Apple on Wednesday began providing for iPhones , the leading rival to devices running Android operating systems . Both companies have now embraced a form of encryption that in most cases will make it impossible for law enforcement officials to collect evidence from smartphones – even when authorities get legally binding search warrants .
“ For over three years Android has offered encryption , and keys are not stored off of the device , so they can not be shared with law enforcement , ” said company spokeswoman Niki Christoff . “ As part of our next Android release , encryption will be enabled by default out of the box , so you wo n't even have to think about turning it on . ”
The move , which Google officials said has been in the works for many months , is part of a broad shift by American technology companies to make their products more resistant to government snooping in the aftermath of revelations of National Security Agency spying by former contractor Edward Snowden .
Expanded deployment of encryption by Google and Apple , however , will have the most direct impact on law enforcement officials , who have long warned that restrictions on their access to electronic devices make it much harder for them to prevent and solve crimes . In June , the Supreme Court ruled that police needed search warrants to gain access to data stored on phones in most circumstances . But that standard is quickly being rendered moot ; eventually no form of legal compulsion will suffice to force the unlocking of most smartphones .
Privacy advocates are ecstatic about the changes by Apple and Google , and especially about their shift toward making encryption automatic , through default settings , so that users get privacy protections without taking any action on their own .
`` Most people are n't going to go out of their way to do these things , '' said Joseph Lorenzo Hall , chief technologist for the Center for Democracy & Technology , a Washington-based non-profit group that receives substantial industry support . `` It 's so awesome , as someone who has worked on these issues for a long time , to see these two companies switch their defaults to where these things will be strongly encrypted , and rightly so . ''
Apple and Google have been engaged in an increasingly pointed competition over the lucrative smartphone market , with Apple in recent weeks portraying the iPhone as a safer , more secure option – despite a recent run of bad publicity over the leak of intimate photos from the Apple accounts of celebrities .
There remain significant differences between how Apple and Google are handling encryption . Apple , which controls both the hardware and software on its devices , will be able to deliver the updated encryption on both new iPhones and iPads and also most older ones , as users update their operating systems with the latest release , iOS 8 .
That is likely to happen over the next several weeks , and for those with iOS 8 , the encryption will be so secure that the company says it will lack the technical ability to unlock the phones or recover data for anyone -- whether it be for police or even users themselves if they forget their device passcodes . Much data is likely to remain on iCloud accounts , which back up pictures and other data by default for many iPhones and iPads ; police with search warrants will still be able to access this information . Users who want to prevent all forms of police access to their information can adjust their phone settings in a way that blocks data from flowing to iCloud .
In a letter posted on the company 's Web site , CEO Tim Cook said his company offered better privacy protection than his rivals . ( Reuters )
By contrast , Google does not have the ability to deliver its updated operating system , called the “ L-release , ” quickly to most users . Several different manufacturers make smartphones and tablets that use the Android operating system , and those devices are sold by many cellular carriers worldwide . This results in what experts call “ fragmentation ” – meaning there are hundreds of different versions of Android worldwide , many several years old , making it difficult to keep them current with the latest security features .
The newest Android devices will likely ship with default encryption after October , but it will take many months and probably years before most Android devices have encryption by default .
Luz Sosa came to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia as a disappointed Bernie Sanders delegate . But she is leaving fired up to take on big political fights in her home town of Milwaukee .
“ This election was never about Bernie Sanders . These elections were about issues the American people care about , ” such as “ families struggling to put food on the table , ” said Sosa , who is Latino outreach organizer for Citizen Action Wisconsin and an economics professor at Milwaukee Area Technical College .
“ Bernie Sanders has been the voice of the movement , but the movement has always been there , ” she said , and her advise to her fellow Bernie Sanders supporters “ is to get involved in the organizations that are already working on the issues that Bernie had mentioned before . ”
Sosa on Wednesday was among a group of convention delegates , most of whom representing Sanders , who gathered at a reception sponsored by People 's Action and its Pennsylvania affiliate , Keystone Progress .
“ The soul of the Democratic Party is up for grabs , ” said George Goehl , co-director of People ' Action , and these were among the delegates who would be executing the inside-outside strategies for winning that battle for progressives .
Many of the people in the room were like Sosa , under 35 , relatively new to politics and community organizing , and combined a harsh critique of the state of American politics in both parties with plans for what they would do to bring about change .
Robert Peters , a recent college graduate who now works as the director of political engagement for Reclaim Chicago , said that this convention , his first , started with a “ very tense ” Monday as he struggled along with other Sanders supporters with the feeling that his candidate would eventually lose and that the Democratic establishment would douse the radical fire of the Sanders campaign .
“ Bernie was the first candidate who showed there could be this very left movement that could run and not be a fringe candidate but actually build some power , ” he said .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Peters has a $ 42,000 student debt , so he is very interested in continuing to push politically for policies to relieve student debt and to raise wages for workers . But Peters said he wants to devote some of his energy into getting progressives elected in some of the smaller municipalities surrounding Chicago . “ We believe the down-ballot revolution matters , ” he said , and with successes in getting progressives elected in lower-level political offices “ we can have a ladder for the progressive movement . ”
Barbara Kalbach , an organizer with Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement and a fourth-generation farmer , has a similar goal , working with rural communities in her state . She has been helping fellow family farmers successfully fight such foes as large pork processors that have been allowed to pollute the ground water farmers depend on with pig waste . Most recently , her organization launched a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) political arm . “ We 're learning how to endorse candidates , and then get behind them and move them into the statehouse so that they can make some changes , ” she said .
Jaime Alvarado , a Sanders delegate from Milwaukee , said that he , too , was “ disappointed ” that the Bernie Sanders campaign fell short , “ yet looking at the big picture . We have to unite . ”
The “ great big picture ” for Alvarado “ is poverty , and as we know people of color are disproportionately in that category . We are looking for opportunities and support for lifting people out of poverty . ”
One issue that Alvarado will be working on when he returns to Wisconsin is prescription drug prices and deductibles . Citizen Action has been fighting drug and insurance companies , and state regulators , to lower premiums , deductibles and co-pays for the state 's insured residents . Already , the organization has helped state residents save $ 270 million on insurance deductibles over the past year , he said , and the organization is pressing to save residents even more .
The message that these delegates are sending is that the Bernie Sanders coalition is more than the occasional chanting , and the one or two walkouts , that people watching the Democratic convention on television saw and heard . This is a movement of disciplined people who have plans for taking the energy of the Sanders campaign , and the lessons they learned , back to their communities .
“ It 's important to keep organized , to keep involved , ” Sosa said . “ Come to our organizations and keep working on the issues that Bernie Sanders talked about . ”
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Reuters/Luke MacGregor
In the first episode of the HBO comedy Girls , young Brooklyn hipster and would-be writer Hannah , outraged when her visiting parents cut off her allowance , steals the tips they 've left for the hotel housekeepers . It 's a funny scene—partly because it tells us something about the ruthlessness beneath Hannah 's blurry indecisiveness , but also because it 's just so outrageous . What kind of crummy , selfish person would take rent and food money from hard-working women ? In comedy : an overindulged Oberlin grad . In real life : the housekeepers ' supervisor . Ad Policy
Ruth Milkman , professor of sociology at the CUNY grad center and academic director of the Murphy Institute , likes to tell the story of a hotel housekeeper and her tip-stealing boss because it brings together so many features of the phenomenon of wage theft , the subject of her research . “ She was an undocumented Mexican immigrant with four kids , very humble , and she worked in a brand-name Los Angeles hotel , ” Milkman told me by phone . “ She worked more than forty hours a week , but was paid only for forty hours—minimum wage . The law says supervisors and managers ca n't get any part of your tip , but she said her supervisor would go into hotel rooms and take the tips before the housekeepers came in to clean . She complained about not getting paid for all her hours and was fired. ” Female , undocumented , low-wage , not paid for all her hours , fired when she complains—it 's an all-too-typical story .
Low-wage workers in the United States face many harsh and demeaning circumstances—not being entitled to paid sick days , for instance . But there 's something particularly shocking about wage theft , an element of insult added to injury : not only does your boss pay you as little as he can get away with ; he keeps a nice chunk of it for himself , just because he can . How much ? According to “ Broken Laws , Unprotected Workers , ” a 2009 paper written by Milkman , Annette Bernhardt et al. , fully 26 percent of the low-wage workers they studied in three cities—New York , Chicago and Los Angeles—had been paid less than the legally required minimum wage in the previous week ; 60 percent of these were underpaid by more than $ 1 an hour . All in all , 68 percent of the sample had had at least one pay-related violation in the previous workweek . That turned out to be an average of $ 51 a week , or $ 2,634 a year . If a politician proposed increasing taxes by this amount , he 'd be hanged from the nearest lamppost .
And that 's not all : work performed outside regular shifts was typically unpaid ; workers were denied meal breaks to which they were legally entitled ; and illegal deductions were taken from their pay ( for work-related tools , transportation , etc. ) . Forty-three percent of the workers who complained ( or tried to form a union ) met illegal retaliation—they were fired , suspended , or threatened with pay cuts or the immigration authorities .
This is the shadow economy : workers ( mainly women , people of color and undocumented immigrants ) toiling in the service sector—restaurants , grocery stores , home healthcare , childcare—or in construction , manufacturing and warehousing . The vast majority make less than $ 10 an hour . In fact , 89 percent of in-home childcare workers do n't even make minimum wage . Think about that the next time someone tells you that caring for kids is the most important job in the world . ( Think about it , too , next time you 're late and just pay the regular amount—that is wage theft , too , even if , as in one story Milkman tells , you bring your sitter chocolate as a thank-you . )
The problem is n't ignorance . “ Most employers are very well aware of the law , ” Milkman said . “ They 've learned they can get away with this because there 's no enforcement. ” Indeed , California has better laws protecting workers than Illinois or New York , but in follow-up research Milkman found that LA had significantly more wage theft than Chicago or New York City . Why so little enforcement ? “ It 's the product of years of history , ” Milkman told me , citing the growth of the workforce , deregulation and cuts at the relevant agencies . ( To be fair , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis has hired 250 more investigators—but this is a tiny fraction of what 's needed . ) Another factor is toughening immigration law enforcement , which has made undocumented workers even more afraid to report abuses .
When I asked Milkman for some good news , she cited the increasing involvement of unions and worker centers in organizing low-wage workers . “ The big immigrant marches in 2006 were very important , ” said Milkman . “ They showed that these are workers who want to move up in the world ; they are very organizable. ” In 2009 , funded by the United Steel Workers , California car wash workers—mostly undocumented in an all-cash business where they were sometimes paid only in tips—scored a stunning success . Not only did they win new legal protections ; they put some of their employers in jail .
More recently , workers at the Sixty-third Street Hot and Crusty in Manhattan , sick of rampant wage theft and other abuses , sought help from the Laundry Workers Center United , a community group . In May , the workers—who also got a boost from the Occupy movement—voted to unionize . It 's a start .
* * *
Vacation From War . Once again it 's time to honor an annual tradition and donate to Vacation From War . This German-based peace group started nineteen years ago by bringing together Bosnian children for a multiethnic summer camp in the wake of civil war . Today it includes children from Croatia and Serbia , Albanians and Serbs from Kosovo , and young people from Israel and occupied Palestine . Nation readers are a mainstay of the organization , so please open your hearts and wallets : $ 150 makes you a godparent , but donations of any size are welcomed . Make out checks to “ Vacation From War , ” mail them to me at The Nation ( 33 Irving Place , New York , NY 10003 ) and I will forward them .
Read this column in Spanish .
- Laid down on Jung Yonghwa 's bed while wearing skirts- Gifted him underwear1 . [ +4,459 , -140 ] Nevermind Ailee , I do n't think it 's right for those female idols to be acting like that on the bed of a male idol in front of other men ... they 're not kids , they 're grown ladies .. tsk2 . [ +3,873 , -115 ] I seriously hate it when people jump on my bed with feet they did n't even wash prior to getting in bed3 . [ +2,148 , -224 ] They 're seriously going to act like that in a Hallyu star 's home ? ㅠ Poor Jung Yonghwa , I like him so much ㅠㅠㅠ4 . [ +85 , -5 ] In a man 's room ... what are they doing right in front of him .. 5 . [ +37 , -1 ] It really did look inappropriate for them to be jumping around and laying down like that when there are other men in the room , regardless of whether they 're close or not .. 1 . [ +354 , -15 ] Was inappropriate to watch ... They 're not little kids who do n't know anything , they 're grown women who should know better . It 's wrong to lay in bed like that in short skirts .. especially that Hyejung girl ? She was out of line.2 . [ +344 , -15 ] Inappropriate of them to gift him underwear ... imagine if a male idol gifted a female idol underwear ; ; ; ; 3 . [ +317 , -47 ] Did n't Hyejung get into a cigarette controversy earlier too ? She always gets into these controversies , does n't seem like a good person . I 'm not saying she 's bad just because she smokes but she 's an adult and a public figure , she should 've been more careful . ( There 's a gif running around of Hyejung pulling a plastic spoon from her mouth and people assume she 's a smoker because she subconsciously gripped it the way you would a cigarette ) 4 . [ +143 , -5 ] I saw this live and just noticed right away that something was wrong . You know Hyejung is those type of girls that only girls recognize ... she kept pulling her hair to one side to expose her shoulder like she was out to seduce someone ㅋㅋㅋ5 . [ +130 , -4 ] Are they horny ? Or do they like Jung Yonghwa ? Even Yonghwa told them that they should n't be laying down like that in a man 's home and they 're like but we 're family ! Well they were obviously laying there in seductive poses to try to get him to look at their legs .. 6 . [ +118 , -8 ] Is this what girls are always talking about ? Girls that are out to seduce men ? ? Why would a grown woman wearing a short skirt flop around in bed like that in front of a man otherwise ? 7 . [ +113 , -7 ] All I hear about them is bad things ㅋㅋㅋ From cigarette to concert nuisance to Brave Family ㅋㅋㅋㅋ8 . [ +108 , -2 ] Even Jung Yonghwa looked annoyed9 . [ +92 , -2 ] I saw the video and Choa clearly looked like she realized how inappropriate it was but Hyejung just kept staring at her own legs10 . [ +74 , -2 ] I like Hyejung so I watched the video thinking no way she 'd do all that but the way she was laying down , her gaze ... there 's just something that only girls notice .
After reviewing the palpable awesomeness which is The Mind 's Eye ( Joe Begos , 2015 ) I stumbled upon a film I had come by on a couple lists or on some “ similar titles ” section but never gave it a chance until I realized Lauren Ashley Carter ( The Mind 's Eye , The Woman ) was the star ; that movie is Jug Face ( 2013 ) written and directed by Chad Crawford Kinkle ( his only notable work ) .
The story opens on Ada ( Carter ) bumping ugliest with her brother Jessaby ( Daniel Manche , The Girl Next Door ) against a tree on some forest path by an 8 foot mud pit all the backwater hillbillies in her “ community ” worship . Every year the pit “ speaks ” to the molder ( a prophet like medium that the pit tells whom the village should sacrifice ) who is then possessed by the spirits of the forest into casting a jug in the likeness of a member of the community ( hence the title ) . That person then is sacrificed by the rest and dumped in the hole for the pit to consume and the people remaining are protected from sickness and fear of outside danger ( think Outsiders the TV show mixed with human sacrifice ) . The residents of the mountainside willingly give up children , wives , husbands , brothers , sisters and everything in between as they consider the choosing to be an honor…and because if the sacrificial request is denied then the pit sends it 's spirits out to mutilate and kill members of the village one by one until it gets what it wants ( or “ who ” I should say ) . Which brings us back to Ada .
Ada is promised to some beer gutted double wide under the pretense that she is still untouched . Nobody knows she 's been diddling her brother and they want to keep it that way . She buys a preggo stick at the local towns convenient store and finds out she 's been knocked up by her brother . There 's a really awkward scene later on where her mom “ checks her purity ” by giving a back alley vaginal exam ✌ in their trailer home 's cozy bathroom and realizes her daughter has been as tactful as her hymen .
At the same time her friend and local moonshiner Dawai ( Sean Bridgers , The Woman ) who is the molder has recently cast two jugs ; one of a baby which everyone ignored because they thought nobody was pregnant , and one of Ada which is quickly hidden in the forest . As you can guess , the pit does n't take too kindly to deviation so it begins killing all of those around her . Ada must decide to high-tail it out of this hillbilly hellhole , or finally give herself to the pit and stop all the killings ( which are pretty satisfying ) .
Let me start my analysis by giving my hands to Lauren Ashley Carter 👏👏👏 . She was great in the Mind 's Eye , The Woman , and she is no different in Jug Face . Her performance ; depicting the fear of inevitable death , fear of ostracization from her community , and fear of losing those around her is what drove this film . That and the superstition of the village ( IdkIDKout you but I love some urban myth type of folklore in my movies ; makes it more ominous ) . You can really get a a tangible sense of dread and longing from the characters but also their dedication to the pit and fulfilling it 's 's wishing matter what the cost . The willingness to give one 's own up for sacrifice sets a pretty bleak tone for the movie ( but hey , whatever works for em , right ? ) and it does n't ever really let up .
There are some great elements about this movie . It 's well shot , effectively acted , has levels of complexity via the town superstition , and also has a scene where someone is consumed by the pit in a way similar to a garbage disposal . This and the presence of notable low-budget horror actor/director Larry Fessender ( POD , Southbound , The Mind 's Eye , We Are Still Here , Late Phases and about 85 other titles ) makes this movie a very pleasant ride through hillbilly hell .
IMDB : 5.2/10 ( 5224 votes )
Rotten Tomatoes : 🍅75 % 🍿36 % ( ⬅again , unsophisticated horror n00bs )
DEAD🐶PUPPY : 4 incestuous hip thrusts/5
Advertisements
“ Barbecue is n't supposed to taste like smoke . Real barbecue is cooked in a traditional open pit , not in a smoker . ”
You may expect to hear these words from a North Carolina barbecue zealot who believes that cooking a whole hog over direct heat is the only permissible definition of barbecue . You might be surprised to learn that this was uttered by a Texan with a long history in barbecue . Bubba Roese was talking to barbecue cookbook author Robb Walsh while Walsh was attending a community barbecue in Washington , Texas , an anecdote well documented in the final chapter of Walsh 's Barbecue Crossroads book . You may be expecting my rebuttal , but I 'm not here to argue about what is and is n't Texas barbecue . If it 's arguing you want , then go over to Meathead 's website , where he has a lengthy discussion about the definition of barbecue . I will only make some observations and ask a few questions about what we in the Lone Star State consider to be barbecued and how that differs ( or does n't ) from grilling . You may have been told–or you may believe yourself–that barbecue is something that 's been smoked low and slow and that the exact opposite of Roese 's statement is the one true definition of barbecue . In fact , I may have told you that at one time . But at this point I 've eaten too much barbecue in Texas to believe that either of those rigid interpretations of the word is correct–or even necessary . The barbecue establishments across this state offer numerous variations , and some of it is closer to grilling than you might find comfortable .
[ Man attending to barbecue on a underground pit grill at Camp George ] , Photograph , 1920 ; digital image , ( accessed September 13 , 2013 ) , University of North Texas Libraries , The Portal to Texas History , crediting George Ranch Historical Park , Richmond , Texas .
Let 's start with the big public barbecues held in Texas before the Civil War and continuing into the early twentieth century . These were massive events held to promote political debates , celebrate holidays like the Fourth of July , or to mark the completion of a new rail line . The citizens did n't round up all their backyard offsets smokers onto the town square to feed the masses . They dug a pit . An unnamed observer from St. Louis described one of these public barbecues in Fort Worth in 1885 , which the August 14th edition of the Fort Worth Gazette published : “ Great trenches were dug in the beautiful grove west of the city and filled with logs of wood . These were fired long before they were needed for cooking , so that great beds of live coal , 4 feet wide , 3 feet deep and 20 long , were ready for the animals to be put upon. ” This was direct-heat cooking on a grand scale with whole goats , sheep , and steers cooked over the coals . But did it taste like barbecue ? According to the description , “ There was a woodland flavor in it as though the perfumes of the forest had somehow been brought into essences and used for dripping. ” Bubba Roese would have approved of the technique , but the resulting flavors may have been too smoky for him .
Steel burning chambers at Cooper 's in Llano . Photo by Nicholas McWhirter
This method of cooking large hunks of meat directly over a fire in a trench may seem like an old fashioned way to do it , and most health departments would agree , but direct-heat cooking is alive and well in Texas . You 'll find massive steel chambers out behind barbecue joints in the Hill Country , where wood is burnt down to coals . These chambers are bent and blistered by roaring fires , but meat never gets near them . The fiery coals are shoveled by pitmasters into steel pits , and meats is cooked on grates directly over the coals lining these enclosed chambers . We call this direct-heat cooking–not grilling–and it is essentially the same technique used in those nineteenth-century public barbecues . Nobody who eats at Cooper 's Old Time Pit Bar-B-Que in Llano , which famously uses the direct-heat method , argues about whether they 're eating barbecue or grilled meat . Their mouths are too full of brisket .
A pork chop from Cooper 's in Llano . It 's barbecue . Photo by Nicholas McWhirter
Steel offset smokers painted flat black can be found in backyards all over Texas , but how traditional are they ? Brick smokers are in some of Texas 's most historic barbecue joints like Smitty 's in Lockhart , but the backyard variety did n't come into common use until the eighties when companies like Pitts and Spitts in Houston , Lyfe Tyme in Uvalde , and New Braunfels smokers started making them for the retail market . The Weber kettle grill , on the other hand , was created in 1952 . The legendary Sunset Barbecue Book , first published in 1938 , included fourteen different plans for barbecue pits , including a subterranean pit that would be perfect for barbacoa . Not one of those designs included a version with an offset smoker chamber .
Photo by Chris Brown
Another place that you will not find an offset smoker is at Big Boys BBQ in Sweetwater . Owner Gaylan Marth built his own direct heat pits . They are cookers , and he will correct you if you call them smokers . They are 48 inches wide and 32 inches tall . The meat sits on a grate that is 24 inches above the coals . The only thing that separates his method from grilling is a foot of distance from the fire . And this space is incredibly important . In the cooking tome Modernist Cuisine , the authors explore the basics of grilling , writing , “ Every grill has a critical distance from the coals. ” That critical distance , they say , is 18.5 percent of the grill 's width . So in order to turn Gaylan 's pit into a “ grill ” you just have to lower it by fifteen inches . Is that really what we 're arguing over ? Fifteen inches ? The important part , as described in Modernist Cuisine , is the “ panoply of aromatic and delicious compounds ” that result from the flare-ups on the coals as the fat drips onto them and is vaporized into smoke that travels up and coats the meat . The resulting flavors are unmistakable . So much so that I can take one bite of Texas barbecue and tell you if it was cooked over direct or indirect heat .
The pits at Big Boys . Photo by Nicholas McWhirter
Some flavor memories are so intense that the setting does n't even matter . Last week I was standing on some synthetic grass in a parking lot behind a television studio in Hollywood . Lunch was a beef rib that tasted like it could have been cooked in Mason , Texas . It was hot on the pavement , but even hotter near the giant steel chimney where chef , friend and cookbook author Adam Perry Lang and his crew where making charcoal . It was pecan wood instead of mesquite like they 'd use in the Hill Country , and the detached cooker was a cabinet with racks of alternating height , but the flavors were the same . Hot fat and wood coals creates the same chemical reaction in California as they do in Texas . I asked Lang if he considered what he was doing barbecue or grilling . He did n't care . He was chasing flavors not boxing himself into a rigid methodology . He 'd never cooked quite like this on this scale until he set up this summer-long pop-up barbecue joint in LA , but he liked the results , and so did I . His most recent book , Serious Barbecue , considers a number of live fire cooking styles , and , he writes , “ 'Barbecue ' does not just mean the slow-cooked , smoked perfumed meats of the South . ”
Adam Perry Lang 's beef rib
Steven Raichlen , another famous barbecue cookbook author , also keeps a similar open door policy to barbecue . His book The Barbecue Bible includes smoked and grilled recipes from all over the world . I cooked with Raichlen at his Barbecue University in Colorado Springs over the summer , and we used everything from charcoal and gas grills , to smokers and even shovels as cooking implements . I asked Raichlen how he defined barbecue . “ Live fire cooking ” was his simple response . He prefers to cook with wood , and offset smokers are his favorite for brisket . “ I like the element of danger , and the inconvenience and effort of checking the fire every forty-five minutes ” he quipped , but it 's all barbecue to him . As with Lang , the inclusiveness is not a surprise from a guy who included all things grilling in a book called The Barbecue Bible , but Raichlen does make one notable distinction for what defines grilling : “ You can watch it being cooked. ” It 's about the immediacy of seeing food transform with every passing second , unlike barbecuing which is more like watching paint dry . I have fewer arguments with his ideology these days than I did several years ago . I ca n't find the link , but there was an open request for questions to Raichlen that he would answer online . My smart-ass question was something about why he wrote a book about grilling and put “ barbecue ” in the title . If he remembered that at all , he did n't hint at it while he passed out diplomas at BBQ U . One of Raichlen 's favorite Texas barbecue joints is Franklin Barbecue in Austin , which uses indirect heat , low and slow like every other joint in Central Texas . Oh , wait . There are even some in Central Texas that use direct-heat cooking over coals . Maybe you 've heard of Snow 's BBQ in Lexington ? Yes , that is a very large offset smoker that dominates the view from the picnic tables out back , but they only use that for briskets . Everything else is done over post oak coals , so if you 've enjoyed the chicken and pork steaks there , they were n't smoked , but they damn sure were barbecued .
Pork spares ribs over direct heat at Snow 's BBQ in Lexington . Photo by Nicholas McWhirter
I was in an argument just last month with someone who said the only good barbecue he found in Texas was at Perini Ranch Steakhouse . I quickly responded that it was n't barbecue , but now I 'm not so sure . They burn mesquite down to coals then cook thick cut steaks directly over the coals . “ But that 's steak , ” you say . Yes it is , but so are the ribeyes they smoke at Louie Mueller and that famous prime rib that they smoke at Kreuz Market is bordering on fancy . I recently interviewed Tootsie Tomanetz of Snow 's BBQ about her history in barbecue . I asked about the meats she would put on the pits on Saturdays in her old meat market . I expected to hear her say brisket , shoulder clod and beef ribs , but she said “ if T-bones were n't selling well , that week we 'd cut T-bones and put them on the pit , or use sirloins or ribeyes . We 'd use any cuts of meat that did not sell well that week. ” Would you be comfortable telling Tootsie that she was n't serving barbecue back then ?
Steaks over mesquite coals at Perini Ranch . Photo by Nicholas McWhirter
If you 're still grasping to tighten that definition of Texas barbecue , you may look to the government for help . There is an oft-quoted section of the Code of Federal Regulations ( CFR ) that defines barbecued meats :
§ 319.80 Barbecued meats . Barbecued meats , such as product labeled ‘ ‘ Beef Barbecue '' or ‘ ‘ Barbecued Pork , '' shall be cooked by the direct action of dry heat resulting from the burning of hard wood or the hot coals therefrom for a sufficient period to assume the usual characteristics of a barbecued article , which include the formation of a brown crust on the surface and the rendering of surface fat .
It goes on from there , but the definition is succinct . Barbecue is made with wood under dry heat conditions . It 's also exclusionary enough for folks to repeat it as the one and only true definition of barbecue . This is the definition given by the Kansas City Barbecue Society during the training session to become a certified barbecue judge . It sounds good until you realize that it just meant as a rule for labeling sorry looking tubs of pre-cooked meat at the supermarket . If we 're going to leave anything out the barbecue discussion , I 'd like these products to go first . Also , if you look a little earlier in that CFR section you 'll find the government 's definition of meat . A portion of which states “ meat does not include the muscle found in the lips , snout , or ears. ” Try telling that to a vegetarian when you offer them a barbecued pig snout in St. Louis .
To the USDA , this is barbecue .
What are we left with that separates grilling from barbecue ? Is it the fuel ? Does it have to be made with wood to be Texas barbecue ? I think as barbecue purists we 're more forgiving of gassers than charcoal when it comes to defining barbecue . However , I just did a review of Nathan 's BBQ in Brenham that uses almost entirely lump charcoal for fuel . It was undeniably barbecue . Bubba Roese and his crew in Washington–those purists that say barbecue ca n't be smoked –use B & B lump charcoal for fuel . I 'm not arguing that hamburgers on a gas grill should enter the conversation , but let 's play devil 's advocate on the subject of hot dogs . We have no problem taking fully-cooked , pre-smoked sausages , warming them over a fire and calling it Texas barbecue . The only difference between that and grilling a hot dog is girth and the grinding method . So , what is the difference between barbecue and grilling ? I do n't know . I wo n't give you some cop out answer of “ I just know it when I see it ” because as I see more of it , my perspective changes . I guess my point is that there does n't need to be a red line drawn between the two . Turn down the dogmatic volume and allow for a nuanced definition .
Ashgabat , Turkmenistan , Oct. 8
By Huseyn Hasanov – Trend :
Turkmenistan 's President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov held a meeting dedicated to the upcoming commissioning of the first phase of the transnational railway trunk - Asia international railway transportation corridor , the Turkmen government said in a message Oct. 8 .
This is the construction of the Atamyrat-Imamnazar ( Turkmenistan ) – Akina ( Afghanistan ) section . The completion of the construction and installation work is scheduled for early November 2016 .
It is expected that the transportation corridor passing through Turkmenistan , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan , will have access to China 's extensive rail network and through it - to the rapidly developing states of the Asia-Pacific region .
Big socio-economic impact of the route 's commissioning is expected in Afghanistan , wrote the Turkmen Dovlet Habarlary state news service .
In that place , where the transnational railway trunk is being built , road , power lines , energy pipelines are built simultaneously , said the service .
As part of the first phase of the project , the 85-kilometer part of the Atamyrat-Imamnazar section has been built in Turkmenistan . Total length of the railway is 88 kilometers . The section between Imamnazar and Akina border posts is three kilometers .
The Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Tajikistan railway will be the next “ golden link ” of the Asia railway corridor , which , in turn , will be the most important segment of the international network of transportation communications between the two parts of the vast continent – Europe and Asia , the Neutral Turkmenistan newspaper reports .
Meanwhile , the commissioning of a terminal for receiving , storage and shipping of oil products is expected in November at the Imamnazar customs post .
President Berdimuhamedov also noted during the meeting that the development of the international transportation corridors meets Turkmenistan 's economic interests .
Follow Trend on Telegram . Only most interesting and important news
Email Share +1 877 Shares
A report the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights released on Wednesday indicates anti-LGBT violence claimed the lives of at least 594 people in the Western Hemisphere between Jan. 1 , 2013 , and March 31 of this year .
More than half of these reported deaths during this 15-month period took place in Brazil . These include an 8-year-old boy in the state of Rio de Janeiro who was allegedly killed by his father in February because he was “ unable to accept his homosexuality . ”
The report indicates that 29 LGBT people in Honduras , which has the world 's highest per capita murder rate , lost their lives during the 15-month period . The commission also notes 27 LGBT Americans were killed .
Discrimination contributes to anti-LGBT violence
Gay men and transgender women were most likely to lose their lives to anti-LGBT violence , according to the report .
Nearly half of the 594 murders the commission documented during the 15-month period were trans women . These include Islan Nettles , a 21-year-old trans woman of color who was beaten to death on a Manhattan street in August 2013 .
The report also notes the death of Dwayne Jones , a cross-dressing Jamaican teenager who was stabbed to death outside of Montego Bay in July 2013 during a party .
The commission indicates 80 percent of trans murder victims in the Americas during the 15-month period were 35 years old or younger . Its report further concludes the average life expectancy of trans people in the Western Hemisphere is between 30-35 years .
“ Violence against trans persons , particularly trans women , is the result of a combination of factors : Exclusion , discrimination and violence within the family , schools and society at large ; lack of recognition of their gender identity ; involvement in occupations that put them at higher risk for violence and high criminalization , ” reads a press release from the commission that announced its report . “ Trans women and other gender non-conforming persons are often targeted by law enforcement agents , who tend to act upon prejudice and assume they are criminals ; and are often discriminated against in the justice system . ”
Rates of anti-LGBT violence often underreported
A Global Rights report that includes statistics from the Brazilian Secretariat of Human Rights indicates slightly more than half of the 300 reported LGBT murder victims in South America 's most populated country in 2012 were trans . Roughly 52 percent of them were people of color .
A report from the Latin American and Caribbean Network of Transgender Women notes 61 trans women in Colombia were reported killed between 2005-2011 . The National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs last year reported trans women and LGBT people of color in the U.S. are more likely to suffer “ severe violence ” because of their sexual orientation and/or gender identity and expression .
The commission expressed concern that many countries throughout the Americas do not adequately track incidents of anti-LGBT violence . It also highlighted “ severe underreporting ” of police abuse based on a person 's sexual orientation and/or gender identity and expression .
The report further highlighted a lack of data on violence directed at intersex people .
“ The majority of acts of violence against intersex persons , most notably , medical interventions seeking to ‘ normalize ' their bodies is the result of state-approved medical protocols , and is not reported in the media , or denounced by the families or organizations , ” said the commission 's press release .
‘ Pluralities ' between marriage fight , combating anti-LGBT violence
Attorney General Eric Holder on Thursday announced he has concluded Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 also prohibits discrimination based on gender identity . Maryland 's law banning anti-trans discrimination in housing , employment and public accommodations took effect in October .
Argentina and Uruguay in recent years have enacted comprehensive trans rights laws . Cuba offers free sex-reassignment surgery under its national health care system , although critics of President Raúl Castro 's government insist only a handful of people have been able to take advantage of this policy since it took effect in 2008 .
Mexico City lawmakers last month approved a bill that would allow trans people to legally change their gender without a court order . Chilean legislators continue to debate a measure that would allow people to legally change their name and sex without sex-reassignment surgery .
Luisa Revilla Urcia in October became the first trans person elected to public office in Peru . Diane Rodríguez , a trans woman who unsuccessfully campaigned for a seat in the Ecuadorian Congress in 2013 , and her partner , Nicolás Guamanquispe Poveda , in September became the first transgender couple to register their civil union in the country .
Activists in the Americas with whom the Washington Blade has spoken in recent years insist more needs to be done to address what they describe as the underlying issues that contribute to anti-LGBT violence in the region .
Giovanny Romero Infante , executive director of the Homosexual Movement of Lima , a left-learning Peruvian LGBT advocacy group that is among the oldest in Latin America , told the Washington Blade during a September interview at his office the majority of the 20 gay and trans people who die from AIDS each week in his country are living in poverty . He urged his fellow Peruvian advocates to look beyond efforts to extend marriage rights to same-sex couples that have become increasingly visible in the last year .
“ We clearly want marriage equality because people have the right to do what they want with their lives , but in the context of 20 deaths each week of trans and gay people from AIDS and that each week there is an anti-gay crime , there are pluralities , ” said Romero .
Tracy Robinson , chair of the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights , acknowledged to the Blade during a September interview in Lima , the Peruvian capital , that insecurity and anti-LGBT violence are “ dominant ” issues throughout the hemisphere . She nevertheless expressed optimism that countries will begin to adequately respond to these concerns .
“ My hope is that in the long run we will see a reduction in the levels of violence , we will see a reduction in the impunity which is now widespread for violence against LGBTI persons , ” she said .
By Robert Romano
Right now , Predictit.org markets are forecasting only a 19 percent chance that Congress will pass any tax cuts in 2017 , either for individuals or corporations . There is an 81 percent chance Congress wo n't .
And everyone knows why . The Senate , in its current form with its current leaders and current composition , is not a true Republican majority . It will not act in a partisan manner to pass something that every Republican since Reagan says they are in favor of , and that is tax cuts .
We can quibble about who is to blame — McCain , Murkowski and Collins who killed any chance of an Obamacare repeal stand out — but the point is , nothing 's getting done .
Which is why the House of Representatives should simply pass its ideal version of tax cuts , which cut everyone 's taxes regardless of where they live .
The House is the constitutional body of origin for all revenue bills , so it can put forward any tax cut plan it wants .
Make it the largest tax cut in American history , as President Donald Trump promised in May , at more than $ 5 trillion . Even larger than the 1981 Reagan tax cut .
The economy could sure use the juice . It has not grown above 4 percent inflation-adjusted since 2000 and not above 3 percent since 2005 .
Do n't worry about deficits . There 's nothing in House rules that says a budget bill needs to be deficit neutral . That 's the Senate 's rules . Let the Senate worry about that .
Here 's the key . It might not pass the Senate either way . The GOP majority is too narrow and courting Democrats in the present political environment , although desirable , may be a bridge too far .
So , why should House members take a lot of political heat from their own constituents trying to “ pay for ” their tax cut plan with unpopular provisions the Senate wo n't care about because liberal Senate Republicans are still demanding a bipartisan bill ?
Right now , members , particularly those who live in high tax states and cities , are unable to tell their constituents if they 're going to actually get a tax cut and if so , how big , or if in fact , their taxes might increase under the Republican plan now being pursued .
In the very least , Republicans should be able to tell their individual constituents how they will fare under the tax plan . How else do they expect to garner support for the bill ?
Read their lips . If they say “ tax reform ” but not “ tax cuts , ” hold onto your wallet .
But none of this is necessary . The House does not need to pass legislation that takes Senate rules into account . It can just pass the bill it wants .
Then , see what the Senate can produce , if anything . If at the end of the day , the cynics are right , and the Senate ca n't get a thing done , at least Republican members in the House can say they supported a tax cut for every American . They wo n't have been stuck defending a tax cut for some at the expense of a tax increase for others .
Of course , there 's a chance that the Senate could pass some version of a tax cut . Maybe it would even cut spending to get there , requiring no offsetting tax increases to pass the Byrd Rule . Who knows ?
But House Republicans do not need to engage in legislation by speculation about what might pass the Senate 's archaic budget rules . Just pass the biggest tax cut that is possible to get the economy moving again . Let the Senate worry about its rules .
Robert Romano is the Vice President of Public Policy at Americans for Limited Government .
Watch out Street Triple –KTM 's new 790 Duke will give you a run for your money . MCN were given exclusive access to one of KTM 's prototypes during the final stages of testing in the Berchtesgaden Alps on the Germany/Austria border ahead of its launch in February 2018 .
Featuring a new 799cc parallel twin– a first for KTM – and claims that the bike is among the lightest in its class , it promises impressive performance . With proper lean-sensitive traction control , cornering ABS , launch control , a slipper clutch and an autoblipper/quickshifter , it brings unseen levels of riding aids to the class .
The motor has been developed to power a range of middleweights and is incredibly compact . From the side , it looks no bigger than a 450cc dirtbike engine – yet KTM say it packs over 100bhp and what feels like a wonderfully flat torque curve . The diminutive dimensions allow KTM 's designers to place the engine in the optimum position for handling and stability .
The middleweight naked market is one of the best-selling in Europe and KTM want a piece of the pie – the current single-cylinder 690 Duke is too niche and the 790 will be better equipped to go up against machines like Yamaha 's MT family , Triumph 's Street Triple range and four-cylinder machines such as the Kawasaki Z900 . With such an array of bikes to compete against , it 's vital that the 790 is all things to all men ( and women ) . But as Europe 's biggest bike manufacturer with over 200,000 bikes sold last year , KTM have the financial firepower to make it happen .
Meet the new kid
The venue for our chance to sample the Duke is Rossfeld Panoramastrasse , Germany 's tallest mountain pass . A serpentine route that twists , turns and cuts through the rock , the roads are edged by sheer drops and the Alpine views stretch into Austria . The weather has made it treacherous – the peaks are shrouded in low cloud , while damp patches line corners . It 's scary , but also a great place to test the manners and composure of a road bike – if a machine can give you what you need in conditions like these , it 's sorted .
Our prototype bike wears the careworn scars of thousands of miles of intensive road testing : there are warning stickers over the new TFT dash and the front light is a taped-up 390 Duke item , but the finish on the cases , the welding on the frame and the neat cast rear subframe/tail unit look production ready . There are lots of neat touches too – the monocoque subframe/seat unit is clever and the internally-braced swingarm looks quality . The swinger is long enough to incorporate the catalytic converter , which is integrated into the centre of the bike .
The 790 looks narrow , well thought out and sharp . The wide , flat seat will be low enough for smaller riders and as soon as you get on the Duke it feels light , just like a 690 Duke . The TFT dash is clear and simple , but tells you everything you need .
Impressive drive
The KTM starts into a content idle , quickly smoothing out as it warms . With a 270-degree crank , it apes aV-twin in firing order and sound . Pull in the light cable-operated clutch , down into first through the positive gearbox and away . Low-speed fuelling is good – small movements are met with instant , but not unreasonable response .
Open the throttle and you 're met with excellent drive – there is strong low-down power , but the twin likes to rev right to the 9500rpm redline and the more you spin it , the faster it feels . Snick up a gear with the accurate , smooth quickshifter and drive continues , muscular and fluent , but with a controllability that will reassure inexperienced riders . There will be more to come when we ride the bike at normal altitude , too . The thin air of our 5000ft elevation for this test means a loss of around 15 % power .
Parallel twins can struggle with vibes , but the 790 is silky smooth , driving from low-rpm/high-load with little in the way of shakes . But what passes to the rider makes you feel involved – unlike recent Triumph parallel twins , which feel so over-damped and anodyne you sometimes even wonder if they 're switched on .
Sweet handling
The handling is impressive . KTM 's chaperone is riding a 1290 Adventure , knows the road and is quick – I 'm having to work hard to keep up with him , but the 790 Duke is your friend . With those wide , tapered bars , the Duke turns quickly but has a measured feel to it that breeds confidence .
From the first corner , it feels like it 's on your side – just like a Street Triple , but maybe lighter and more nimble . This is a consequence of KTM being able to place the compact motor in the right place – it 's a beautifully balanced motorcycle . At around 185kg fuelled-up , the Duke is lighter than its opposition and feels it too . Time to up the pace .
The 790 tracks accurately in quick turns , telegraphing comforting feedback as we cut between the pines and flick into slow corners . Maxxis tyres ( the Taiwanese firm have worked with KTM to develop bespoke rubber ) have never felt so good . The ride quality is reassuring , too .
Project leader Jürgen Hager says that a bike that works well over broken surfaces was one of the main aims , but although the machine is softish , it 's well-balanced front and rear – and there is a lovely , fluid feel to the damping . But , it could do with more adjustment– the forks are non-adjustable and the rear is adjustable for preload only . If I could , I 'd wind in a little more rebound damping at the rear to help control my 14-stone bulk .
Top-class dynamics
The pace you can ride on slightly damp roads is surprising . This is the first middleweight with an inertial measurement unit , meaning that the TC can adjust power according to lean angle rather than just react to a slide . In Sport ( there are three modes – Sport , Street and Rain ) , it seems hard to unstick the rear , yet you never feel the electronics holding you back , either .
When it does react , it does it with sophistication – over a filthy woodland entrance the rear momentarily spins , but is gathered up quickly and drives hard as soon as grip comes back . The brakes are decent , but not outstanding . This is a price-sensitive class so KTM have their own-branded two-piece radial calipers and a certain amount of softness has been engineered into the initial bite for new riders . But it 's about right for the wide range of people who will sample the Duke and KTM are considering more aggressive pads as an option .
Can the Duke cut it ?
Our time with the KTM is nearly over and it 's been an interesting experience . On first impressions , and if the final production bikes feel as good as this prototype , it seems that the 790 Duke will sit towards the top of the class . It looks great and has plenty of lovely touches that will make ownership a pleasure .
The chassis is outstanding , both in the confidence that it gives you and its nimbleness . The engine , while not quite being in the same league as an MT-09 or Street Triple RS ( though it may match the ‘ lower ' Street Triples ) when it to comes outright power , is usable , grunty and full of character . And when it comes to electronics , it has more toys than anyone else .
If KTM can price the Duke competitively , they 're going to have a bike that can battle with the very best Europe and Japan can offer in one of motorcycling 's the most important classes . It 'll be fascinating to see how it fares .
Have a browse for your next bike on MCN Bikes ForSale website or use the MCN 's Bikes For Sale App .
Conan is headed to Quatar .
Conan O'Brien will accompany First Lady Michelle Obama next week on a trip to the the Al Udeid Air Base in Doha , Qatar , where American military troops are stationed . O'Brien will perform a show as Obama talks the Joining Forces initiative that 's designed to assist active military , veterans and their families .
WANT MORE EW ? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies , television , and music .
Highlights of O'Brien 's Middle East journey will be seen on an episode of TBS late-night talk show Conan that will air before the end of the year . “ It 's an honor to accompany the First Lady on a trip to Qatar to entertain our troops , ” O'Brien said in a statement . “ I know they will be thrilled to see Mrs. Obama and delighted to hear my vocal rendition of Kanye 's entire Yeezus album . ”
O'Brien previously entertained U.S. troops on a 2003 USO tour in Kuwait and Bahrain . His passport has been getting a workout this year . A few weeks ago , he journeyed to Armenia to shoot a special episode that airs Nov. 17 , and he filmed an episode in Cuba earlier this year .
A temporary digital radio station will appear on DAB during the Eurovision Song Contest this year , run by BBC Radio 2 .
News of the new station was announced by Graham Norton during his regular Saturday morning show on the station today . It will broadcast for four days from May 8th .
Radio 2 Eurovision will “ celebrate this year 's Eurovision Song Contest and complement the output on BBC Radio 2 and TV networks BBC One and BBC Three . ”
The national station will air from midday to midnight over the four days of transmission , except Saturday 10 May , when it will be simulcast with Radio 2 from 10am to 1pm with Graham Norton 's regular weekly show , when he will be live on air from this year 's host city , Copenhagen .
It will feature shows presented by Radio 4 's Paddy O'Connell , Radio 1 's Scott Mills and Radio 2 's Maria McErlane , Ken Bruce , Terry Wogan , who presented Eurovision TV commentary from 1973 to 2008 , and Michael Ball .
Bob Shennan , Controller of Radio 2 , 6 Music , Asian Network and Director of Music , says : “ Every year , Eurovision is a moment that unites many people around the UK , as well as Europe . I 'm proud to be offering a truly digital experience in 2014 with coverage across Radio 2 and Radio 2 Eurovision on digital radio . And we have an incredible line-up of presenting talent , bringing all the excitement , sartorial disasters and musical catastrophes to our listeners ” .
Investors seem to like what Tesla CEO Elon Musk had to say at the 2017 shareholder meeting yesterday because the company 's stock price is again surging to new highs .
As the company 's revenue and valuation keep rising , Tesla was added to the Fortune 500 list , which was updated today .
Fortune 's list goes by revenue and the $ 7 billion that Tesla pulled in last year was enough for the company to land in the # 383 position .
For Tesla 's introduction in the list , Fortune published a report called ‘ Fortune 500 : Tesla Takes Off in China ‘ .
As we previously reported , China has indeed been an importance of the company 's success last year when it reached over $ 1 billion in revenue in the country and it keeps going strong this year .
Of course , the U.S. remains Tesla 's most important market in terms of total sales , but it 's not impossible that it could change in the near future now that China is both the biggest car market in the world and the biggest market for electric vehicles .
As for the stock , today it reached a new intraday high of $ 360 for a valuation of almost $ 60 billion .
It seems that the stock was helped by the several announcements made by Musk at Tesla 's 2017 shareholder meeting yesterday . Here 's a roundup of the news that came out of the meeting :
That , or maybe Musk is onto something with his correlation between the stock price and his underwear , or lack of underwear :
SEC disclosures , etc — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) June 6 , 2017
On a more serious note , it 's interesting that a company with the mission to accelerate the world 's transition to renewable energy is now a Fortune 500 company .
But being on the list is not enough for Musk . He recently said that ‘ Tesla has the real potential to be one of the most valuable companies in the world ' .
The Standard 's news roundup gives you a quick hit of interesting , sometimes irreverent , and breaking news stories from all over the state .
Texas House Speaker Joe Straus has called for the removal of a plaque in the state Capitol that says slavery was n't an underlying cause of the Civil War .
In a letter to fellow members of the State Preservation Board , Straus said the Confederate plaque is “ blatantly inaccurate . ”
His request echoes a call from State Rep. Eric Johnson of Dallas , who praised Straus for taking a stand against the factually untrue marker .
“ This would be the same as if we had the birth year of George W. Bush wrong underneath his picture in the Capitol – you 'd say take it down and get it right , ” Johnson says .
Johnson first asked that the plaque bearing the “ Children of the Confederacy Creed , ” be removed last month . He also called on state leaders , including Straus , Gov . Greg Abbott , and Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick , to review whether other Confederate markers and monuments on the Capitol grounds are appropriate .
But Johnson says first things first – it 's time to take down this particular plaque because its words just are n't true .
And he thinks even people who do n't want to see other Confederate monuments come down will understand .
“ People who actually embrace the Confederacy , I would argue , should want to embrace a true history of their ancestors and their cause and not a fantastical one , ” Johnson says .
Johnson says when it comes to considering removing other Confederate iconography from the Capitol grounds , he does n't think it 's an issue the state legislature should tackle as a whole because it will get too political .
“ And so that discussion would be most productive in my humble opinion if it took place outside of a political context and more in an academic , intellectual context and amongst the state leaders who have the actual authority to make the call on whether they should come down or not – and that 's the State Preservation Board , ” he says .
Johnson will also be meeting with Abbott to discuss Confederate monuments at the state Capitol .
A new analysis from an environmental advocacy group finds that drinking water at hundreds of Texas schools is contaminated with lead .
Environment Texas says fewer than 1,100 of Texas ' 8,000 or so public schools have tested for lead . But out of those schools that did test , 71 percent detected unsafe levels of the neurotoxin .
Luke Metzger , the head of Environment Texas . says because the source of lead in drinking water is typically older pipes , it can be a challenging problem for schools to solve .
“ What they can do short term , for example , Baltimore when they found lead several years ago , they just started serving bottled water and they 've done that for years now . That 's not a very good long term solution but they did decide okay , they 're going to supply an alternative supply of water , ” Metzger says .
Metzger adds that there is no state law requiring schools to test their drinking water for lead .
I believe that energy and time are interchangeable commodities . If you are unfit and unhealthy , you simply wo n't have enough energy to balance your daily commitments , and your jazz guitar playing will be one of the first things to go by the wayside .
Although you might need to spend 30 minutes exercising , I find that it wakes up my brain and I 'm able to retain what I 've learned in my practice session much easier , work out problems much more quickly , and be less stressed overall . Being more efficient and effective in your activities is far better than simply ‘ having more time ' .
I know I 'm not a health coach , but common sense dictates that for anyone to maintain a balanced life , they need to exercise , eat and sleep well . if you are not prioritizing these three things then a ) problems are bound to happen , and b ) your jazz guitar practice routine wo n't be sustainable in the long run .
# 10 : Jazz Guitar Practice Can Generate More Time in Your Day
Is jazz guitar practice an extra burden to your already overloaded life ? I believe that nothing could be further from the truth .
On the contrary , wholesome pursuits like jazz guitar actually serve to generate more time in your day . Let me explain why I think this is the case .
I find my happiness level increases when I am doing a consistent daily practice . My progress is satisfying and I can hear my playing developing each day . This happiness pervades many other aspects of my life , and seems to make life easier on the whole .
Ironically , when you make time for something like jazz guitar practice , you 're happier , which means that :
you have more energy to get through other things more quickly , and
you do n't need to spend so much time decompressing from work to cope with life et cetera .
Dedicating yourself to a pursuit like jazz guitar playing results in a kind of virtuous cycle . When you are happier , life gets easier , and you 're able to undertake other activities more effortlessly . You 're able to clearly discern things that you need to do in your day , and perhaps those that can be put aside . This , in turn , creates more time for practicing jazz guitar !
Being an artistic pursuit , jazz guitar is also extremely good mind training . It works out the creative side of your brain , which in turn helps you find innovative solutions to other problems outside of music , which can result in realizing shortcuts that save a lot of time . Bingo ! Another way that jazz guitar can create more time in your day .
Further Resources
I know I 've recommended this before , but this is one of the most important books I 've read on time management for musicians and artists :
Manage Your Day-To-Day : Build Your Routine , Find Your Focus & Sharpen Your Creative Mind ( book ) , by Jocelyn K. Glei and the team at 99U.com – An excellent read for great actionable tips to carve out a slice of each day for your creative pursuit .
The Top 10 Mistakes Jazz Guitarists Make In Their Practice Session – My 49 page eBook offers many tips for improving how you run your practice session and the key mistakes to avoid – get your copy for FREE by signing up to my newsletter – you can do so via the homepage of this site here .
I hope you found this article useful and interesting – let 's get the discussion going .
I only put a few ways how to make time in your day for guitar practice , but how about you ?
What are the best tips YOU have when it comes to making time to practice or organizing your time in the woodshed ? Leave a comment below…
Greg O'Rourke BMus ( Hons ) , ANU
TORONTO — A misdemeanour domestic battery charge has been dropped against Trailer Park Boys actor Mike Smith a month after his arrest in Los Angeles .
Smith , who plays the character Bubbles on the Canadian cult comedy , was arrested on April 1 after an incident at a Hollywood hotel involving a woman .
He was released on bail hours later , after being booked on suspicion of misdemeanour domestic battery , and had been set to appear in a L.A. court last Friday .
The Los Angeles City Attorney 's office said Monday that Smith 's charge had been dropped .
At no time did I assault her
Spokesman Frank Mateljan said the office decided not to pursue the charge “ due to lack of sufficient evidence . ”
Smith had denied any wrongdoing in a written statement issued shortly after his arrest , saying the woman involved in the incident was a friend of his with whom he had a “ loud and heated dispute . ”
“ At no time did I assault her . I am not guilty of the misdemeanour charged against me , ” he said at the time .
In the same statement , which was issued by the Trailer Park Boys , a woman who was described as the alleged victim in the incident also denied the police allegations .
“ At no point did I feel I was in danger , otherwise I would 've called the police myself , which I did not , ” the woman was quoted as saying . “ The police were called by others not present in the room who mistakenly perceived the argument to be something other than what it was . ”
The statement also said other members of the Trailer Park Boys and all staff “ stand behind ” Smith .
Not long after news of Smith 's arrest surfaced , however , his then Trailer Park Boys co-star Lucy DeCoutere announced that she was leaving the television show .
DeCoutere took to Twitter at the time to say : “ If I find out that somebody is abusive , I cut them out of my life. ” She then tweeted that she was resigning .
DeCoutere later insisted she remained friends with the cast and crew of the Trailer Park Boys despite saying her departure was linked to Smith 's arrest .
DeCoutere has become a well-known figure across the country after testifying against former CBC broadcaster Jian Ghomeshi at his sexual assault trial . He was found not guilty in March .
Trailer Park Boys is about three petty felons living in a trailer park . The show is produced by Toronto-based Showcase Television and appears on Netflix .
The breakout star of season two makes her predictions
As its terrific second season comes to a close , it 's become clear that Better Call Saul is a more-than-worthy heir to Breaking Bad . It can do the knuckle-whitening , brow-soaking tension of the original series , as Mike Ehrmantraut courts crime across the Albuquerque badlands . It can match that show 's high-stakes intrigue , though it more often finds drama in smaller details . ( This season 's most memorable thrills , for example , had to do with the fallout from a tiny bit of paperwork forgery . ) And it can be very , very funny—a claim Breaking Bad could only make on occasion . In fact , the most impressive thing about Better Call Saul is n't that it 's a good prequel spinoff—it 's that it 's an outstanding show all on its own .
Two of Breaking Bad 's strongest supporting players , Bob Odenkirk and Jonathan Banks , come to Saul as co-leads . They 're both excellent . But they 're arguably outshined by a newcomer : Rhea Seehorn . The breakout American actress plays Kim Wexler , an industrious , principled attorney at the law offices of Hamlin Hamlin and McGill , where Odenkirk 's anti-heroic Jimmy is often lurking . Kim is the unflagging moral center of the series—a keen mind , deft lawyer , and all-around tenacious character . Thanks to some sophisticated writing and Seehorn 's consistently tremendous performance , she 's the kind of female character we do n't get enough of on prestige TV .
Kim and Jimmy have also become one of the most believable romances on television , though she 's anything but a mere love interest for the troubled male lead . It 's Kim 's story—her ascent from mailroom drudgery to partner-track legal stardom to , in the last few episodes of the second season , a practice of her own and a bills-paying major client—that is really at the heart of Better Call Saul . Kim 's story is the one with hope and promise in it ; unlike the ballad of Jimmy McGill , we do n't know how this one ends . Things may not turn out so well for Kim Wexler , this being a Breaking Bad spin-off . But as an actor Rhea Seehorn 's bright future is assured .
We caught up with Seehorn after Better Call Saul 's second season finale to talk about expectations , fan reactions , and what we can expect from the forthcoming season three .
GQ : I understand you 're shadowing a director this week .
Rhea Seehorn : I am , yeah ! I ca n't say what project it is . My first love is definitely performing , but I just love storytelling and that 's another aspect of it . I 've coached actors in scenes and auditions and sort of have a handle on that aspect of it . But I think I would like directing . I really like coming at the work that way . So I thought I would try to learn some more . It 's nice . It informs your work as an actor , too . There 's so much I want to think about now as I go back to shoot season three .
`` Saul was only seen in very specific circumstances on Breaking Bad . Where did he go home to ? Who were his friends ? ''
I imagine there 's plenty to learn on Saul . It 's such a directed show . The camera stuck in a mailbox , that kind of thing . Does that affect the acting ?
Not as much you might think . It might seem like it goes without saying , but let me tell you : all our directors and writing staff really love actors . So even though the artistic visual style is unmistakable , and even though there 's a poetic quality to the whole thing , somehow born of that is tremendous freedom . We 're not brought there to be puppets . We 're there to collaborate .
The other thing is that they shoot wide a lot . Our whole cast is live stage performers , and it 's a huge freedom not to be obsessed about extreme closeups , like a lot of television is . You get to tell the story with your whole body . It 's like doing little plays for each take . The slumping of your shoulders becomes as important to storytelling as squeezing a tear out .
The most memorable shot for me this season was after you scored the Mesa Verde deal and Howard sent you back to the basement . The camera was way up at the top of a flagpole .
Yeah ! That was n't in the script . Kelley Dixon , one of our amazing editors , told me once that these super wide shots tend to really underline a gaining of power or a loss of power : They can be epic , but you can also be so tiny in them . As an actor , you do n't feel like , `` Oh , this is going to be some arty shot , so it does n't matter what I do . '' You feel trusted . You feel trusted that the moment will breathe . I do n't have to do anything artificial . The audience knows that feeling—everybody has been in the position she was in that day .
The style definitely seems to serve the acting . And your performance has been so great—and so acclaimed , as I 'm sure you 've seen , by critics and on social media .
I have seen . I enjoy social media so much , and I love , love , love Twitter . There are always going to be people who want to be contrarian or say awful things . But for now… it is n't even that I wake up and I 'm like , `` I need some praise ! '' But the fans online want to talk about character . That 's why it 's so much fun to talk to the fans on this show . They 're into nuances and story , and why Kim is wearing a Kansas City Royals shirt . Someone will tweet in real time , `` Oh my god , my husband and I just stood up and cheered when you told Chuck off . '' They 're so into it ! It 's thrilling . It 's like we 're all reading the same book at the same time . It almost makes me a little weepy .
Were you worried about expectations , going in ? You 're the most major character in the series who was n't in Breaking Bad .
Well , you knew at the back of your head that it could all go south . People could hate it just because it is n't Breaking Bad season six . There 's nothing you can do about that . And in the wee hours of the worst day when you 're lying in bed you think : Oh , right , you could be the weak link . It could be great and you just ca n't pull your own weight . But the showrunners do n't pick Post-Its to appear in an episode without choosing them carefully . They thought I was the right person to tell this story . So now all I can do is tell this story the very best that I can .
When Breaking Bad was on , Anna Gunn wrote this editorial for the Times about the fan reaction to her character , Skyler—did you ever read this ?
I did—only after the fact . I started Breaking Bad when everyone was between seasons three and four . I was late to the game . So I was watching it by myself , and because I did n't want spoilers , I somehow missed that whole thing . It was n't until after I was cast that I looked it up . It 's so sad that she would have to go through that—that any actor would have to put up with death threats and things like that . On top of that , I was just mystified by the reception to her character anyway . I thought she was brilliant . The character responded to the situation she was in utterly realistically and heartbreakingly and heroically . I was pretty lost , when that came out . People were angry , why ? Because she was impeding the protagonist ?
`` I think it 's awesome that Kim protects her owns ambitions . It 's not a slight against Jimmy when she tells him not to tarnish what she 's trying to do . ''
I guess so . Men who love Walt and could n't stand the idea of a woman standing up to him .
But she aids him sometimes , too . Wow .
It seemed for a while that Saul might be setting Kim up to impede Jimmy in the same kinds of ways .
There are some big differences , though . I never saw myself as being negative to him . It was important to me , because we 're supposed to be such close confidants , that the times I tell Jimmy to watch it or reconsider , it 's because he 's in his own way . I 'm telling him , `` Dude , you 're so much bigger and better than this . '' It 's a different cog in the wheel of the storytelling . Chuck is disappointed , and tells Jimmy he 's no good . Kim does n't do that . I never in a million years approached it as being negative or picking at him . She 's worried about the consequences of his actions . And she 's worried about the person she cares about . She sees the best in him because the audience does too . She 's trying to help Jimmy .
There 's a lot invested , for the audience , in not wanting Jimmy to disappoint Kim , I think .
Totally . And I think it 's really awesome , too , that Kim protects her owns ambitions and her career . It 's not a slight against Jimmy when she tells him not to tarnish what she 's trying to do . It makes Jimmy cooler and smarter and more awesome that Kim is his cohort . That it 's someone who has integrity . She 's not just in service to him . But you 're right , she 'll go very far to protect him .
As we saw last week when she defended him to Chuck after the forgery business .
There 's a lot there . She 's also protecting her own ambition . It was challenging and fun to swallow that as Kim : nobody 's an angel in this show . Everybody is grappling with their own moral compass , and that needle , like any needle , ca n't just stick . It 's always floating a little bit , and depending on where you 're standing it 's hard to read . In that situation she 's definitely defending Jimmy , but she 's also keeping this case for herself . She needs to be the hero of her own story . She 's also seeing the pillar that she placed Chuck on crumbling episode by episode . I do n't think it 's quite illegal , but how I lost Mesa Verde : How was that possibly fair ? There are a lot of grey areas .
Tell me about the Jimmy-Kim romance . That was a little unexpected at the beginning of this season , though it felt right .
Yeah , when I first got the premiere script , I thought , Oh , wait , is the interesting thing about their relationship the will-they-won't-they ? Is that gon na be gone now ? But no . Because nothing these guys write is clichéd . It 's turned out to be this incredible , authentic relationship that 's portrayed differently than a lot relationships are portrayed onscreen—it 's their own special brand of intimacy . I love it .
When I first saw you two sharing those pies on the bed , I remember thinking : this is my favorite romance on television . It feels so true .
Yeah ! I agree . I think that you can feel , watching them , how much they let their guard down with each other . You can see how they have to behave when they 're out in the world , and there 's just something incredibly sweet and energized about watching these two people find solace in their own little bubble . They 're also incredibly naked about the business that goes into negotiating being with someone . I think that rings true for a lot of people : this idea that a relationship is a constant negotiation to try to be together . They 're utterly naked about it . I think people do see the authenticity of that . Unlike our new law office , this is n't just rainbows and heavy-breathing sex scenes . It 's a real relationship . I 'm very proud of the freedom they give Bob and I to work through those scenes and make them feel as real as possible .
So we know how Jimmy ends up : working in a Cinnabon . But we have no idea how things are going to end for Kim . That 's almost the bigger question in the long run . For me it 's so stressful—I know what Breaking Bad is like . I hope and I pray that it turns out well for Kim . Do you know how it 'll end ?
Oh my god , no . I did n't even know episode two when I started . I knew I nothing , and I still do n't . What I do know is that they did a very smart thing in giving themselves a bending timeline . This is not a five- to six-year countdown , where you 're watching and can think , `` Well , Breaking Bad has to start now . '' They 've already gone much further back , like when Chuck was married , or when Jimmy and Kim were in the mailroom . They can go anywhere they feel the story would be best told , and that could include through the Breaking Bad years .
Oh ?
You could always do the Rashomon effect , where you 're seeing scenes from a different perspective that happened during the same time . Likewise you have a character , Saul , who was only seen in very specific circumstances on the periphery . There 's a lot of freedom in that as well . Where does he go home to ? Who were his friends ? Who was that guy when he , like , drove to get some shit from Trader Joe 's ? They 've given themselves a lot of different avenues . Nothing is a done deal . Anybody could exist or not exist .
I know in my heart that what you can hang your hat on is that it will be whatever is best in service to the story . To me there 's no reason why any of these people could n't have as much of an impact later .
It 's interesting , though , because the show is so much its own thing , with its own identity—stylistically , thematically , everything . So I wonder how that might change once it gets closer to Breaking Bad .
Interesting . I had n't thought about that . I do n't know that this allusion totally works , but bear with me : Wicked , as opposed to the Wizard of Oz . You know what I mean ? You could almost tell the same story from a different point of view and have the tone dramatically shift because of who is now our somewhat unreliable narrator . Looking through different glass . That 's very possible , too .
You have n't started filming season three , I assume ?
No , and I 'm not sure when . Last year it was July , so my guess would be July or August or something like that . The writers just reconvened this week . As far as I can discern it 's a total free-for-all , totally throwing out all kinds of ideas trying to figure out where they want to go in season three . It is not nailed down at all . I 'm excited . No matter how surprised I am by something in the script , it never feels like a clever stunt . I do n't know how they quite do that magic , but I know they 're going to keep doing that . It 's going to remain true to character but still be an epic journey . I ca n't wait to see it .
Is there anything specific you hope for the next season ?
I did n't know anything about season two in advance , and that was pretty amazing . I just hope I get to keep telling this story . I love Kim . I love her flaws and I love her heroic traits , and I love that they let me play her unapologetically . It 's interesting , as a woman : This should n't be an anomaly , but it is onscreen . I just want to keep going .
In 2007 , meanwhile , Amazon.com introduced a service called Subscribe & Save . The premise is simple : If you agree to get a recurring shipment of an item , Amazon will cut 15 percent off its normal price and send it to you every one , two , three or six months without charging the standard shipping rate . So I subscribed to toilet paper , which makes for a great story and good fun for children when three months ' worth arrives and become a temporary tower or a fort on the living room floor .
Ever since the toilet paper subscription ( and later , the paper towel one ) started coming , I 've wondered what it would be like to subscribe via Amazon to everything I get at Costco and never set foot in the place again , except to cash my check each year .
So this year , $ 304.50 refund check in hand , I went to Costco with a list of items that most households need to replenish every so often . I recorded the prices . Then , I compared them with identical items at Amazon , looking in particular for the ones among the 40,000 or so that are now available for subscription .
My guess is that many Costco customers would find that any savings they gain by shopping there is eliminated and then some when they consider the value of the time spent going to and fro many times a year . That 's time they would win back if they subscribed to those same items at Amazon and then never had to think again about running out of them .
My Costco list included the following : Huggies diapers , Tide powder , Bounty paper towels , Swiffer refills , Clorox wipes , Ziploc sandwich bags and enough Duracell batteries to power multiple electronic devices for many months .
There was also Dove soap , Lubriderm lotion , Tampax , Mach 3 Turbo razor blades and enough house brand ibuprofen to kill off hundreds of headaches , among other things .
Then , I spent some time on Amazon 's site and recorded the per-unit price for each of these items . Almost all were available at the discounted subscription price , which manufacturers help Amazon pay for ( so excited are they by the idea of a recurring pipeline into people 's homes and wallets ) .
Photo
Setting up Amazon subscriptions for the first time probably takes about as much time as a round trip to Costco . But , according to Doug Herrington , vice president of consumables for Amazon , many people start with just a few items . “ They add over time , ” he said . “ They start with one big schlep factor , like toilet paper or diapers . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Over time , you may need to adjust your delivery dates So what does that 15 percent discount get you ? My sample basket of goods , enough for a three-month supply for a family of four , cost $ 251 at Amazon . At Costco , it was $ 208 , representing 17 percent savings .
Costco was tied or cheaper on every item , occasionally by a lot . Amazon , for instance , is n't competitive on large containers of cleaning liquids of various sorts , since it 's just too expensive to ship those sorts of things .
That was just the beginning of my analysis , though . If each Costco haul takes two hours , you have to figure out how much that time is worth to you . I happen to value two hours of my time at a lot more than the $ 43 I would have saved by shopping at Costco .
Now , for the caveats , and there are plenty . Costco defenders would tell you a few things . First , if you shop there for groceries , you can save even more . This is true , though I would n't want a lot of the snack foods it sells around my house lest I balloon . As for the great fresh meats , the packages are so big that I would worry about waste , though they are perfect for giant barbecues .
Costco is also justly famous for the quality of its house brand offerings , called Kirkland Signature . Amazon has no such line . If I had chosen the Kirkland equivalents in my survey when they were available ( and not all shoppers would ) , the basket would have cost another $ 8 less .
With a larger family , you 'd be buying more at Costco , so the savings in dollars could be bigger . And if you can afford to do a year 's shopping at once ( and have the place to store everything you buy ) , you can greatly cut down the time you lose to the Costco chore each year . Also , if there is a Costco next door to places you often go , you do n't have to make a special trip .
Costco often sends out coupons that can yield $ 20 or $ 30 in savings per trip . That 's a good thing , since it allows you to potentially win back the $ 50 or more that most people pay in annual membership dues . The company also has a generous return policy .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At Amazon , meanwhile , you have many more choices than you do at Costco , where your favorite brand of shampoo is probably not available .
Amazon also does n't do such a great job of tempting you to buy household goods you do n't need . At Costco , you need to resist the siren call of , say , the red velvet cake or that funky Dyson bladeless fan .
And then there are the hazards of the parking lots . At my Costco in Brooklyn this week , I dutifully parked at least one spot from other cars to avoid door dings and such . But all of the shopping cart bays in the lot were full , so when I came back out , the windswept lot was full of errant carts blowing this way and that . Sure enough , one of them was snuggled up to my bumper , where it had left a fresh inch-long gash .
“ The cart situation you experienced in the parking lot is embarrassing , ” said Yoram Rubanenko , vice president of operations Northeast at Costco . “ We blew it and that 's not acceptable. ” I wish more company representatives talked like that . A local manager added that an unusual number of people had called in sick the day of the free-floating carts .
One final consideration in making this shopping comparison is the environmental one . A collection of Amazon subscriptions requires frequent deliveries and often results in a big mess of cardboard . Then again , the company maintains no stores that require their own power and heat and require people to drive to them . Amazon is also working with manufacturers to reduce their own packaging and to ship products directly from their factories to Amazon customers .
There is , alas , no clear-cut answer here . As with so many things in personal finance , you have to do the math and see what the numbers tell you .
The CSIRO has opened the tender for petascale iron for the Pawsey Centre , and is conducting an industry briefing in Perth on November 30 .
Listed in the RFP , which is open until 6 January 2012 , are a petascale supercomputer and realtime computer ; HSM storage and tape library ; networking , including a firewall , border router , and on-site Ethernet fabric ; a visualization engine ; virtual machines for data analysis ; and systems integration .
The build will be a significant ramp-up of the Perth-based supercomputing centre , which already boasts a “ pathfinder ” project using HP ProLiant Blades running 9,600 Intel Xeon 5600 cores to deliver 87.02 TeraFLOPS .
Construction is due to start on the Pawsey Centre buildings early next year , with “ white space ” available for hardware installation by next November . CSIRO says 2.3 MW will be available for the supercomputer cell , 425 kW for I/O , and 25 kW for the tape cell .
Key applications for the new petascale machine will be processing and storing SKA Pathfinder ( ASKAP ) radio telescope data .
Respondents will be asked to provide a roadmap to at least 2016 for expanding and enhancing the system . The system will be required to run a UNIX or Linux OS .
The realtime computing ( RTC ) system , to be delivered first , will need to deliver 200 double-precision teraflops peak performance , 45 Tbytes/s aggregate memory bandwidth , must use conventional CPUs ( not graphics accelerators ) , with at least 1 Pbyte of usable storage . I/O to the scratch file system will need to run at 5 Gbytes/s in and out , and the system will have to be able to deliver 10,000 metadata operations per second on a user 's “ home ” file system .
Eighteen “ datamover ” nodes will have to demonstrate 180 Gbps network bandwidth and support 5 Gbytes/s “ data ingest ” . In April 2014 , CSRIO wants a phase two system that delivers 1,000 DP teraflops against the Linpack benchmark . ®
Image copyright Bin Yang & Viviana Gradinaru Image caption Scientists were able to take a closer look at organs such as the kidney
A way to turn an entire body transparent has been developed by scientists studying rodents .
Reporting in the journal Cell , they describe a technique that keeps tissues intact but allows key body parts and connections to be seen .
They say it could help visualise how separate organs interact and pave the way for a new generation of treatments .
The method may also be used to detect the spread of viruses and cancers in human tissues .
For almost a century scientists have attempted to turn opaque organs see-through , but most techniques have damaged tissues , putting a stop to further medical tests .
'Biologists ' dream '
The fatty lipid molecules present in cells can distort light rays , rendering tissues opaque . But processes used to dissolve them have deprived organs of this key element of structural support , resulting in a shapeless mass of material .
Now researchers from the California Institute of Technology say they have achieved the `` biologists ' dream '' .
Building on previous work the team have developed a three-stage technique :
A soft plastic-like mesh provides support to tissues
Then a molecular detergent is continually infused via the bloodstream , dissolving away lipids and making organs transparent
Specific tracing dyes and tagging molecules can be added to the infusion to flag up the most important connections .
Using this method in rodents , researchers were able to clear whole kidneys , hearts , lungs and intestines within three days and the entire body within two weeks .
Image copyright Bin Yang & Viviana Gradinaru Image caption Using this method researchers could see details of intestinal tissues
And testing the procedure on samples from cancer patients allowed them to see how far the disease had spread .
The research has been carried out on euthanased rats and human tissue samples taken during operations but not yet in living organisms .
'Important advance '
Scientists say the technique could have many future uses , from mapping the journeys of long nerve fibres from the brain to the rest of the body to tracing exactly where different viruses hide in tissues .
The team are now collaborating with other scientists to examine brain tissue from people with dementia . They say comparing these with healthy samples will allow them to see potential differences in cell patterns and numbers in a way that has never been possible before .
Commenting on the processes this method was built upon , Thomas Insel , director of the US National Institute of Mental Health in the US said : `` This is probably one of the most important advances for doing neuroanatomy in decades . ''
Dr Viviana Gradinaru , a lead author on the paper , told the BBC : `` This is the realisation of the biologists ' dream .
`` Though scanning techniques already help doctors visualise the body they can not show what each tissue or cell does .
`` Adding tags and tracers in our method , we get crucial information on the exact identity and function of the parts of the body we want to know more about . ''
Vox Media 's acquisition of Recode appears to be a relatively small deal . No dollar amount was disclosed ; Vox is trading a little of its stock for a highly regarded but underperforming tech-business site . The deal , though , is part of a much larger trend of media consolidation and tells us a lot about today 's largely me-too strategies . Just as Verizon prepares to swallow AOL ( which swallowed The Huffington Post ) , and as Charter finalizes its deal for Time Warner Cable , the table is set for smaller media properties to seek the umbrellas of larger ones .
Bigness comes and goes over time , but this bout of bigness has been gathering steam across all forms of media , as I wrote when Rupert Murdoch made his play for Time Warner a year ago ( “ The newsonomics of the new quest for big , big , big ” ) . Now , as the whispers of “ content bubble ” grow louder , the mating of big and small is accelerating .
Our fish-swallowing-fish narrative grew more intriguing this week when the Recode deal took on Comcastic overtones . As Quartz 's ( and formerly Nieman Lab 's ) Zach Seward pointed out , Comcast is represented in both ends of the transaction . In fact , Comcast Ventures put venture funding into both a 2009 round and a 2010 Series C round for Vox Media . Comcast 's NBCUniversal News Group , meanwhile , took a minority stake in the new Recode when it left its All Things D/Wall Street Journal home at the end of 2013 . It would be a quite logical progression for Comcast to buy Vox , if and when the price is right .
Comcast is just one of today 's collection of whales — one of the pipes companies , or companies formerly known as the pipes companies . Such companies used to just deliver stuff — cable programs , phone service — but now , flush with fat cash flow , they 've caught the media bug . They 've convinced themselves that media offers diversification in an age where their core businesses are threatened by cord-cutting and other digital disruptions .
Comcast takes the lead here , having bought its way big into media by completing its NBCUniversal acquisition two years ago . That instantly turned Comcast into a big media player , giving it complete control of the NBC television network and TV production studios ; the Universal movie studio ; Spanish-language Telemundo ; channels like MSNBC , CNBC , Bravo , USA , and E ! ; and partial ownership of Hulu . It has also greatly expanded its regional sports play , hiring numerous journalists . CEO Brian Roberts has long seen the financial value of owning both distribution and content .
Verizon is the latest arrival . While AOL 's ad tech might be the linchpin of the $ 4.4 billion deal , lots of media comes along with it , with The Huffington Post only the most recognizable .
That would leave their competitors — AT & T and the soon-to-be No . 2 cable company in the country , Charter/Time Warner Cable — asking themselves the same identity questions . Bet on them getting romanced by media as well . Charter will have to digest TWC first — but key investor John Malone is a guy who knows his way into and out of media ( Times backgrounder : “ The ‘ king of cable ' behind a Charter-Time Warner Cable deal ” ) , so expect it to get into the media action some time soon .
Those four companies now position themselves to be the gatekeepers for both our TV watching and , more importantly over time , our broadband access . They are awash in cheap money , good profits , and flowing cash .
Who else among the country 's biggest media companies might have an interest in news and information businesses ? It 's a short list , led by those TV companies that have become TV/digital asset companies . Put Disney , 21st Century Fox , Time Warner , and Tegna ( Gannett 's soon-to-be-spun-off broadcast/digital entity ) among the possibles .
Hearst , one of the most successful diversified media companies and an investor in 61 digital companies , including BuzzFeed , deserves a place on the list . Time Inc. has the willingness , though its cash is constrained . Then there 's one non-American company that 's rapidly becoming a U.S.-oriented media concern : Axel Springer , already invested in or connected with Business Insider , Politico , and Ozy , among others .
Persistent in the background , there 's our digital ad duopoly of Google and Facebook . Both companies , though , seem to have figured out that they can monetize news content quite well without owning it . So far , Amazon 's content interest seems to be exercised only personally by Jeff Bezos , through his Washington Post acquisition . And do n't forget Yahoo , which could still prove to be a buyer — or a seller .
What would it mean if the top names on that list — companies like Comcast , Charter , Verizon , AT & T , Disney , and Fox — ended up owning many of the entrepreneurial news brands that have captured our attention in the last few years ? Is this what the Internet revolution has become ?
The answer appears to be yes . The web may have opened unbelievable frontiers of human thought and interaction , but it 's driven by the same business principles as all other enterprise . On the Internet , big not only is best — it increasingly looks even more dominant than it was in analog times . For all sorts of reasons , being No . 1 in a market is disproportionately rewarded .
As revolutionary as the web may be , the business models that support digital media businesses there remain stubbornly twofold : that old standby advertising and , to a lesser degree , subscription payment . In advertising , scale matched with high-investment ad tech drives the $ 50 billion U.S. digital ad industry and enables 10 companies to reap more than 60 percent of worldwide digital ad revenue . ( Google and Facebook take half of that by themselves — and their edge is even greater on mobile . ) Our short list of big potential buyers wants in on some of that digital ad money , which is still growing double digits each year .
So against that backdrop , bigs buying littles makes sense . Recode shocked most observers when , at sale , Comscore reported it had just 1.5 million unique visitors — even with the significant NBC broadcast and digital promotion it had received . With the acquisition , Vox Media adds a little more gravitas to its portfolio and gets to extend the Recode events model to its other properties . Maybe Vox 's own network effect will help grow Recode faster ; maybe the audience for high-quality tech business news is smaller than many of us thought . Especially when that audience is divided up — including by WSJD , the Journal 's tech site that launched when Recode founders Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher could n't come to a new agreement with the Journal . ( We can assume some schadenfreude was expressed at Journal HQ as Recode 's business woes became evident . )
The bigger question is whether even Vox Media , with its 53 million unique visitors , is ultimately big enough to win in its marketplace . And as highflying as it is , BuzzFeed must answer the same question — not to mention a spate of smaller sites , from Business Insider to Mashable to Mic to Fusion . ( We see a Twitter parlor game already developed as serial entrepreneur Rafat Ali just laid down his prediction ; expect more forecasts to follow . )
Prediction : Buzzfeed will own Fusion & TV channel by 2016 . — Rafat Ali ( @ rafat ) May 27 , 2015
Those who 've pumped hundreds of millions in venture capital into these would-be millennial magnets want a highly profitable exit . Most recently , they 've been anteing up , matching each other 's rounds , all in an effort to build out staff and product and keep audience growth — their primary metric , ahead of revenue or profit — stoked . Perhaps that poker game will keep rollin ' — or maybe we 'll see bluffs called sooner rather than later . You do n't want to be the last one putting money down if the content bubble deflates — and deflation may be more likely than a dramatic burst .
What would deflation mean ? Essentially , we 'd see the Recode story writ larger , with bigger digital-only operations . Investors would decide that they 've lost confidence in business-model projections — that promise of profits to roll in one day from those big audiences — and look for a quicker exit . The most likely route : a sale to the biggest fish , likely at prices below what these startups believe they are now worth . It 's good to have lots of cash sitting around when the market turns .
Of course , Vox Media and BuzzFeed could also sell near a top , or what seems to be a top .
Step back from the buying and selling , and take a look at how much these sites ' business strategies have in common . All of them drive huge traffic , adeptly , from social , at a marketing cost close to zero . All increasingly pick up ( and seed ) traffic from outside the U.S. to spur growth . And each is going intensely vertical . Whether it 's the newly expanded BuzzFeed Life , with food , travel , health , and parents sections , or Vox Media with its topical sites in tech , food , fashion , real estate , sports , and gaming , or The Huffington Post with its myriad sections — all are going vertical .
This is a race to see , in essence , which horizontal ( s ) can build the most successful verticals first — a race being funded by those venture millions . Why ? All these segments define and parcel out audiences that advertisers want . Common sense tells us that not everyone will win at this vertical game — and let 's recall that magazines and newspapers have been playing it for decades in print and are now beginning to make similar moves online . While the vertical strategy has long made sense , it 'll likely produce at least as many losers as winners .
The right to make decisions about our bodies , provided we do n't harm others , is sacred . That right was today upheld by a High Court judge in approving a 14-year-old London girl 's dying wish to have her body frozen . She did so in the hope one day of coming back to life . This hope clearly gave comfort to a dying person .
Cryonics is , to many of us , absurd . But the right to employ it is not . Wanting to be buried in a fridge rather than in a grave is hardly a big deal . Rising from the dead is one of the oldest human cravings . It is a central tenet of Christian faith , whether resurrection is to take place in heaven , hell , a churchyard or the second coming .. Science fiction writers imagine bodies being suspended in time to enable space travel .
14-year-old girl who died of cancer wins right to be cryogenically frozen Read more
The science of low-temperature physics is in its infancy . Cryonicists believe blood can be drained , stored and replaced with antifreeze-like chemicals to prevent crystallisation and the rest of the body preserved intact . Stem cells can be isolated and stabilised . Body parts can be replicated . As a field of research , some of this may yield advances in the understanding of cells and body chemistry . Some may indeed help in preserving simple body parts . But the idea that the infinity of brain cells could be locked down and then resuscitated as a human being remains fanciful . If we wish to live for ever , we must have children .
The world is full of wacky science . In America , the home of hope , over 100 bodies are believed to lie in iced storage , in what their former owners believe is suspended animation . Good luck to them , and to the scientists who charged them £65,000 each .
None of this matters at law . Today 's case is about something different , the rights of individuals and families . The girl , a minor , and her mother wanted cryonics . Her father , who is separated from her mother , did not . He changed his mind on condition he could see his daughter on her death . Her mother and her refused . What right does a teenage girl 's father have ?
The answer , in this case , was none . The decision was about the rights of all of us , including in this case a mother and her child , to “ own ” our bodies . The wider implications extend to the right to die and be helped to die , as to abortion , drug use , cancer cures , alternative medicine and , more controversially , our custodianship of our children . A young girl 's wish to pay for the freezing and storage of her body may be eccentric . That is no reason for refusing it .
Share
Previous Next 1 of 15 Close
The latest entry into this burgeoning category is FYF — a unique new kind of footwear from Swiss Barefoot Company . Rather than lightweight shoes , FYF socks ( short for Free Your Feet ) are more like space-age wool socks with toughened soles . You know those cut-proof gloves that have stretchy sock-like material on the back , but texturized rubber dots on the palm ? FYFs are almost the exactly same thing , but made for your feet instead of your hands .
Just like those aforementioned cut-proof gloves , FYFs are made from a specially-engineered type of wool that makes them much tougher than your average sock . The fibers of the sock are spun with a material called Dyneema ( which you 've likely used before whether or not you were aware of it ) . In addition to boasting a higher tensile strength than braided steel , it 's also abrasion-resistant , hydrophobic , flexible , and incredibly lightweight . This makes it ideal for use on your feet , as it can bend and flex like a sock , but still provide protection from things like sticks , thorns , and sharp rocks .
This is n't the first sock that Swiss Barefoot company has made , either . FYFs are actually an evolution of the Swiss Protection Sock — the company 's inaugural product , made from a blend of Kevlar , polyester , and laminated PVC soles . The new models improve on this original idea with the addition of Dyneema , which has properties that are better suited for footwear applications .
FYF socks are n't ready for primetime quite yet , but the folks at Swiss Barefoot Company have recently launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds for production . The project has already surpassed its modest $ 10K goal ( and is currently sitting at just over $ 75K ) , so if you back the campaign now and lock down a pair of FYF socks , it 's a fairly safe bet that they 'll arrive on your door this fall . Barring any setbacks in manufacturing , Swiss Barefoot Company expects to ship the first orders in October .
The Department for Transport has published a study that will push forward the UK government 's plans to build the world 's longest road tunnel between Manchester and Sheffield .
The Trans-Pennine tunnel , which will be between 10 and 18 miles long , would cut commutes between Manchester and Sheffield by 30 minutes .
The study , which was released on Thursday ( August 18 ) , outlines five possible routes for the tunnel :
The tunnel could run across five potential routes . Department for Transport
All five routes join the M60 east of Manchester to the M1 north of Sheffield , with four options starting at the M67 . Depending on which route is chosen , it could become the longest road tunnel in the world .
The Department for Transport described the scheme as `` the most ambitious road scheme undertaken in the UK in more than five decades '' in a statement about the project .
The tunnel — which would cost around £6 billion , according to the Telegraph— is part of the government 's next phase of road improvements , and funds for the schemes will be allocated in 2020 .
Though the tunnel would cost a lot of money to build , it would also help improve the economy , John Cridland , Chairman of Transport for the North , said in the same statement from the Department of Transport .
`` The study shows a tunnel beneath the Pennines would both boost the economy of the region , and potentially benefit the environment of the Peak District by reducing traffic in the national park , '' Cridland said .
The proposed tunnel is just one of the ways the government is looking to bolster the economy through infrastructure . Theresa May gave strong support to the `` Northern Powerhouse , '' a proposal to boost economic growth in core northern cities like Leeds , Sheffield , and Manchester , on Thursday . She wrote in the Yorkshire Post that her plan is to `` help the great cities and towns of the north pool their strengths and take on the world . ''
The government will `` make massive improvements to transport , making it easier to get around , and more attractive for business to move here , '' May wrote .
May also pledged that the government will invest £24 million in British Cycling 's bid to host the World Road Championships in 2019 .
`` The Government will underwrite the event and back it with £24m of investment so that we can get even more people to visit the region , '' said May . `` Our backing will include £15m for cycling infrastructure projects , to encourage even greater participation in the sport and continue the proud legacy that has seen our athletes excel at the Rio Games . ''
The tunnel could steal the title of the world 's longest road tunnel from Lædar Tunnel in Norway , which stretches 15.3 miles , and connects the cities of Læligrdal and Aurland .
MANILA – ( UPDATED ) Assistant Solicitor General Derek Puertollano was arrested in the United States for allegedly sexually assaulting a 13-year-old boy .
Puertollano was on official business in Washington D.C. for a seminar on international arbitration .
Court records showed that Puertollano was charged with `` misdemeanor sexual abuse of a child or minor '' on November 19 .
He posted a bond to gain temporary freedom , but can not leave the US as he was ordered to surrender all his passports 48 hours to pretrial services .
A stay away order has also been filed against him .
A hearing under Judge William Jackson has been set on December 9 at 9:30 a.m. ( US time ) .
During his arraignment on November 19 , Puertollano , represented by his lawyer Charles Murdter , pleaded not guilty .
The Philippine Embassy in Washington said it has extended assistance to Puertollano following his arrest .
`` The embassy was made aware of this case and has been extending appropriate assistance , '' said Third Secretary and Vice Consul Darell Ann Artates .
`` We understand that information from the court proceedings including bail conditions are in the public record , '' Artates said .
Paul Revere , the organist and leader of the Raiders rock band , has died . He was 76 .
Roger Hart , manager for Paul Revere and the Raiders , said he died Saturday at his home in Garden Valley , Idaho , from cancer .
`` He 'd been quiet about it for some time , '' Hart said . `` Treated at the Mayo Clinic , Paul stayed on the road as long as he could , then retired recently back to Idaho , where he and his wife , Sydney , always kept a home . ''
Veteran 60 's rocker Paul Revere gives a hug to Vietnam veteran Gary Ryska on the steps of city hall in Nampa , Idaho , during a press conference . Revere , born Paul Revere Dick , the organist and leader of the Raiders rock band , died Saturday at his home in Idaho . ( Jeremy Harmon/Associated Press ) `` From Day 1 , we 've always been a party band that accidentally had some hit records and accidentally got on a hit television series , '' Revere told The Associated Press in a 2000 interview.Revere , born Paul Revere Dick , became known as `` the madman of rock and roll '' for his theatrical colonial wardrobe and infectious onstage persona with the band .
The group launched its career in 1963 with a popular rendition of Richard Berry 's Louie , Louie before releasing its own hits , such as Kicks , Hungry and Good Thing . The band 's biggest smash came in 1971 with Indian Reservation .
Paul Revere and the Raiders served as the house band for the Dick Clark TV show Where the Action Is and made an appearance as themselves in the Batman TV series starring Adam West .
While the band 's line-up changed over the past 50 years , Revere remained a constant presence with the group and he continued touring until earlier this year .
`` I do n't want to get into the details but let 's just say , it ai n't fun , '' Revere wrote last year of his battle with cancer . `` It 's been rough getting through the last few shows , but I would do whatever it takes to avoid missing a show . I 'm giving it my all , and then some , and the band tells me I 've been even more awesome than usual . ''
Yesterday Norton updated its post about its findings in Facebook 's official Android app , wherein Facebook confirmed that its app has sent millions of Android users ' phone numbers to be stored on Facebook 's servers when the app is launched .
The app 's action of launch/send does not require users to log in , so user consent is impossible , and the app 's phone number-to-Facebook-server mechanism occurs whether or not the person launching the app has a Facebook account .
Facebook told Norton that all phone numbers obtained in this manner through its app have been deleted from Facebook 's servers .
Symantec 's Norton published updated findings that show Facebook has been uploading phone numbers to its servers via its Android app in Norton Mobile Insight Discovers Facebook Privacy Leak :
The ability of Mobile Insight to automatically provide granular information on the behavior of any Android application even surprised us when we reviewed the most popular applications exhibiting privacy leaks . Of particular note , Mobile Insight automatically flagged the Facebook application for Android because it leaked the device phone number . The first time you launch the Facebook application , even before logging in , your phone number will be sent over the Internet to Facebook servers . You do not need to provide your phone number , log in , initiate a specific action , or even need a Facebook account for this to happen . According to Google Play , hundreds of millions of devices have installed the Facebook application and a significant portion of those devices are likely affected .
When Facebook confirmed the issue to Norton , the social media giant said it would 'provide a fix ' in the next Facebook for Android update .
The Facebook Android app was updated in the Google Play Store yesterday - however , the app page does not say what was new in the update .
ZDNet is finding out if the issue has been fixed and we have asked Facebook when Android users can expect the app to be changed , and we will update this article with information from Facebook as soon as we find out .
It is unknown at this time how long the application has been performing this function , but as of this writing the Facebook for Android app has been downloaded 7,408,431 times from the Google Play Store .
Facebook : Behaving badly , or dangerously incompetent ?
Problematically , many Android phones come with the application pre-installed and in many instances the app takes a degree of technical skill to remove . The app only needs to be launched accidentally to send the Android user 's phone number to Facebook 's servers .
At this time , Facebook has not claimed this issue as an accident .
To the knowledgable bystander , combined with the app 's other mechanisms , it 's impossible not to consider the opinion that the app is acting like spyware .
In this scenario - in my opinion - Facebook appears as if it could be acting like a command and control server ; their servers control Facebook app users ' phones .
The other app permissions for Facebook 's Android app are equally worrying , and help us understand what is going into our shadow profiles .
For the official Facebook app to run on an Android phone , `` Facebook needs access to '' a number of functions that seem antithetical to user privacy .
Update : as we can see with the screencap below , Facebook 's official Android app has permission to record your audio at any time without notifying you :
In Read Battery , Facebook obtains detailed information about which apps you use .
In Camera , this permission allows the app to use the camera at any time without your confirmation .
In Phone Calls the app can determine the phone number and device ID , whether a call is active , and the remote number connected by a call .
In Social Info , your agreement to use the app `` allows the app to modify data about your contacts , frequency you 've called , emailed or communicated in other ways with specific contacts . This permission allows apps to delete contact data . ''
The Facebook for Android app also `` reads your phone 's call log , including data about incoming and outgoing call and allows app to read data about your contacts stored on your phone including the frequency with which you 've called , emailed or communicated in other ways with specific individuals . ''
Under Network Communication it states the app can `` download files without notification . ''
With actions that could characterize the Facebook for Android app as PII stealing malware , or like an overt pseudo-FinFisher spying tool , it 's like Facebook has turned your phone into a perfect little spy device .
Update : A screencap of Facebook 's official Android app showing Facebook can capture images at any time without notifying you :
Norton wrote ,
We reached out to Facebook who investigated the issue and will provide a fix in their next Facebook for Android release . They stated they did not use or process the phone numbers and have deleted them from their servers .
Facebook user or not , with no way of knowing technical details about removing our information , we are held captive to Facebook 's word .
Last week Facebook re-entered the data privacy spotlight when a data leak exposed the contact information of six million users when its 'download history ' tool accidentally combined user information with Facebook 's shadow profile contact information in the history reports .
The data had been exposed in this manner for at least a year . Users were angry and alarmed that contact information they had explicitly not provided to Facebook has been collected via people they know ( from friend 's address books ) , saved and cross-matched in the background .
On the same day Norton first discovered the Facebook Android app issue , the security researchers who told Facebook about the shadow profile data leak wrote a post revealing that the issue affected people who do not use Facebook - non-users are also having their data collected into shadow profiles .
Packet Storm Security wrote its post `` Math of the Aftermath '' in frustration that Facebook had misled its users in the email sent to tell users about the data leak saying ,
In one case , they stated 1 [ one ] additional email address was disclosed , though 4 pieces of data were actually disclosed . For another individual , they only told him about 3 out of 7 pieces of data were disclosed . It does not appear that they will take any extra steps at this point to explain the real magnitude of the exposure and we suspect the numbers are much higher .
ZDNet 's first article about the data leak and user anger about shadow profiling drew questions about where Facebook was harvesting the data it obtained circumventing direct user consent .
Security experts suggested in comments and on Twitter that the source would likely be Facebook 's Android app .
Facebook 's spokesperson told ZDNet last Sunday via email in its responses to Anger mounts after Facebook 's 'shadow profiles ' leak in bug :
( ... ) this data was never scraped from anywhere but provided by users as I mention above and no app or contact database tool was used .
@ WeldPond @ tufts_cs_mchow @ violetblue move fast and break things ... apparently applies to trust too . — the grugq ( @ thegrugq ) June 28 , 2013
Norton closed its post cautioning us ,
Unfortunately , the Facebook application is not the only application leaking private data or even the worst .
Which is extremely good to know .
But in light of recent revelations about Facebook 's shadow profile collection and storage activities - where data you do n't voluntarily give to Facebook is taken by Facebook from other users that know you and matched to a secret profile Facebook keeps on you , we 're loathe to dismiss Facebook 's activities with its Android app simply by saying that Facebook `` is n't the only one '' or `` other apps are worse . ''
Needless to say , for whoever can get their hands on them , Facebook 's shadow profiles are a genuine and dangerous gold mine .
ZDNet is in contact with Facebook and will update this article with statements , updates or corrections as they come in .
Edit : Saturday June 29 , 4:30 PM : Facebook PR claimed yesterday it would respond to ZDNet requests for when the app would be fixed but we still have no statement from Facebook , nor has Norton updated its post with new information . Unfortunately we must assume the app continues to perform its privacy violating fucntion until notified otherwise .
Image caption PFI projects will generate an estimated £2.8bn in capital spending this year
The Private Finance Initiative ( PFI ) used by successive governments to pay for new schools and hospitals is poor value for money , MPs have said .
The Treasury select committee said PFI was no more efficient than other forms of borrowing and it was `` illusory '' that it shielded the taxpayer from risk .
Government had become `` addicted '' to PFI , the committee 's Tory chair said .
A government source said it had already acted to make PFI more transparent and rigorous and cut the cost of projects .
Following criticism that the true costs of PFI were being hidden `` off balance sheet '' and excluded from government debt calculations , the coalition published details of total PFI liabilities for the first time last year alongside the national accounts .
PFI was introduced by John Major 's Conservative government in 1992 as a way of bringing in private funding to pay for major public infrastructure projects .
'Addicted '
It was widely used by Labour between 1997 and 2010 but faced growing criticism for the costs involved and the ultimate liabilities for the taxpayer in the event of projects going wrong - such as the collapse of London Underground maintenance firm Metronet in 2008 .
In a critical report , the cross-party Treasury select committee said the long-term expense of PFI deals - where the private sector shoulders the upfront cost and is typically repaid by the taxpayer over a 30-year period - were now much higher than more conventional forms of borrowing .
Due to the financing costs involved , it said paying off a £1bn debt incurred through PFI cost the taxpayer equivalent to a direct government debt of £1.7bn .
PFI had become the default option for many public bodies as initial procurement costs were comparatively low , the MPs said , but too often the size of the financial commitments undertaken and their impact on future budgets was not taken into account at the time .
`` We believe that a financial model that routinely finds in favour of the PFI route , after the significant increases in finance costs in the wake of the financial crisis is unlikely to be fundamentally sound , '' the report concluded .
`` We do not believe that PFI can be relied upon to provide good value for money without substantial reform . ''
PFI means getting something now and paying later Andrew Tyrie , Treasury committee chairman
The report found little evidence that PFI-funded buildings were of higher quality or more innovative in their design than those procured by other means or that contractors were incentivised to maintain finished buildings to a higher standard .
`` PFI means getting something now and paying later , '' Andrew Tyrie , the Tory MP who chairs the committee , said .
`` Any Whitehall department could be excused for becoming addicted to that . We can not carry on as were are , expecting the next generation of taxpayers to pick up the tab . PFI should only be used where we can show clear benefits for the taxpayer . ''
'' Much-needed '
An aide to the chancellor said the government had already taken action to ensure a `` level playing field '' between PFI and other public procurement methods and to address some of the `` perverse incentives '' surrounding PFI identified by the committee .
`` We have been saying for a long time that the PFI system we inherited was completely discredited , '' he said . `` That 's why we are reforming it so it is genuinely transparent and only used when it provides value for money for the taxpayer .
`` So far we have announced plans to save £1.5bn off existing projects , abolished PFI credits so PFI does n't have an advantage over other forms of public procurement and strengthened the approval process for approving projects . ''
Labour defended its use of the PFI system when it was in government , saying it had been used to deliver hundreds of new public facilities and the biggest ever hospital building programme .
Kerry McCarthy , Labour 's shadow treasury minister , said clear guidelines were in place to ensure it was only used if it was deemed value for money compared with public sector routes .
`` The Tory-led government has continued to use the PFI scheme , the Treasury has reportedly signed off on more than 60 projects so far totalling close to £7bn , '' she said .
`` This suggests that they believe it can be a value for money means of generating investment in our public services . ''
The CBI said the government needed to decide how PFI would develop in the future as investors needed certainty and the economy badly needed private investment .
`` With the state of the public finances , it is absolutely essential we attract the billions of pounds of private finance needed to upgrade our national infrastructure and boost jobs and growth , '' said its deputy director general Neil Bentley .
`` It is worth remembering that without PFI we would not have seen hundreds of much-needed hospitals , schools and homes delivered on time and within budget . ''
Tower Hamlets council in east London bought the tickets for its children 's services director Isobel Cattermole and her deputy , Ann Canning , to travel to Manchester last July .
They attended the annual conference of the Association of Directors for Children 's Services , by using open returns from London 's Euston , the most expensive tickets available , costing £427.50 each on Virgin Trains .
However , the directors , who both earn around £116,000 a year , were given first class open returns on Virgin Rail , the most expensive tickets available , costing £427.50 each .
The spending , described by a minister as “ disgraceful ” , would have bought two return airfares from London to New York , with change to spare .
Tower Hamlets is the poorest borough in Britain where more than half of all secondary pupils receive free school meals .
Mars Needs Moms is a 2011 American 3D computer-animated motion-capture science fiction adventure family film based on the Berkeley Breathed book of the same title . The film is centered on Milo , a nine-year-old boy who , after being grounded , finally comes to understand the importance of family , and has to rescue his mother after she is abducted by Martians . It was co-written and directed by Simon Wells . It was released to theaters on March 11 , 2011 by Walt Disney Pictures . [ 3 ] The film stars both Seth Green ( motion capture ) and newcomer Seth Dusky ( voice ) as Milo . This was the last film by ImageMovers Digital before it was absorbed back into ImageMovers . [ 4 ] The film grossed $ 39 million worldwide on a $ 150 million budget , making it a massive box-office bomb .
Plot [ edit ]
Unbeknownst to humans , there is a thriving , technologically sophisticated society of Martians living below the surface of Mars . The Martians Supervisor , while observing Earth , sees a mother persuading her son , Milo , to do his chores . The Martians decide to bring her to Mars , where her `` momness '' will be extracted and implanted into the next generation of nannybots . Meanwhile , Milo - who does n't like following the house rules and doing chores and has been grounded as a result , tells his mother in anger that his life would be better without her , breaking her heart .
Later that night , Milo goes to apologize , but discovers his mom is being abducted . He runs after her , but they end up in separate parts of the Martian spaceship . On Mars , Milo is taken to an underground cell . He escapes and is chased by Martian guards , but he follows a voice that tells him to jump down a chute , and lands in a lower subterranean level . There , he sees a trash-covered landscape that is inhabited by furry creatures .
Milo is whisked away by the creatures to meet Gribble , a.k.a . George Ribble , the childlike adult human who had told him to jump down the chute . Gribble explains to Milo that the Martians plan to extract Milo 's Mom 's memories at sunrise , using a process that will kill her . Gribble , who is lonely and does n't want Milo to leave , pretends to help Milo rescue his mother , but his plan goes awry leading to Gribble being captured and Milo being pursued by Martian guards .
Milo is rescued by Ki , one of the supervisors who raise Martian babies . Milo tells her about his search for his Mom and what a human relationship with a mom is like , as Ki and her kin were mentored by only nannybots and supervisors and do n't know of love .
Milo returns to Gribble 's home but finds him missing . Gribble 's robotic spider , Two-Cat , takes Milo to the Martian compound where Gribble is being prepared for execution . Milo is captured by the guards , but Ki tosses him a laser gun , allowing him to escape .
Milo and Gribble retreat to an even lower uninhabited level , where , Gribble explains his Mom 's abduction and murder by the Martians 20 years ago . Gribble blames himself for her being chosen , and regrets that he had n't been able to save her . Milo convinces Gribble to actually help him just as Ki finds them . They discover an ancient mural of a Martian family and realize that Martian children were n't always raised by machines . Gribble explains that Martian female babies are currently raised by nannybots in the technologically advanced society , while the male babies are sent down below to be raised by adult male Martians , which are the furry creatures he encountered earlier .
Milo , Gribble , and Ki save Milo 's Mom just before sunrise , causing the energy of the extraction device to short out the electronic locks to the control room . This lets the adult males and babies enter , where they run amok , attacking the guards and robots .
Milo and his Mom steal oxygen helmets and try to escape across the Martian surface , but the Supervisor causes Milo to trip and his helmet shatters . His Mom gives him her own helmet , saving Milo but sacrificing herself . The Martians are awed , as this is the first time they have seen love .
Gribble finds his own mother 's helmet , and gives it Milo 's Mom , saving her . Ki brings a ship for them to escape in , but the Supervisor intervenes . Ki argues that Martians were meant to be raised in families , with love , but the Supervisor insists that the current situation is better , because it is more efficient . The guards decide to arrest the Supervisor because they prefer the loving vision of family-life . The other Martians celebrate .
Milo , his Mom , Gribble , Ki , and Two-Cat travel to Earth . Gribble decides not to stay , because he wants to pursue a relationship with Ki on Mars . Milo and his Mom return to their house just before Milo 's dad comes home .
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Simon Wells had known Zemeckis since the mid-1980s when he was supervising animator and storyboard artist for Who Framed Roger Rabbit . He also worked on Back to the Future Part II and III and later worked on The Polar Express , which was why he was attracted to making Mars Needs Moms . [ 6 ] The production designer was Doug Chiang , and the supervising art director was Norm Newberry . [ 7 ] The title of the film is a twist on the title of American International Pictures ' 1966 film Mars Needs Women . After spending six weeks outfitted in a special sensor-equipped performance-capture suit while simultaneously performing Milo 's lines , Seth Green 's voice sounded too mature for the character and was dubbed over by that of 12-year-old actor Seth R . Dusky . [ 5 ] The makers came up with their own alien language . [ 8 ] Elisabeth Harnois stated in an interview that she and the cast were given scenarios by Wells to which they acted out responses in improvised Martian language . [ 9 ]
Release [ edit ]
Mars Needs Moms was released in theaters on March 11 , 2011 .
Home media [ edit ]
The film was released on Blu-ray , Blu-ray 3D , DVD , and movie download on August 9 , 2011 . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] The release is produced in three different physical packages : a four-disc combo pack ( Blu-ray , Blu-ray 3D , DVD , and `` Digital Copy '' ) ; a two-disc Blu-ray combo pack ( Blu-ray and DVD ) ; and a single-disc DVD . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] The `` Digital Copy '' included with the four-disc combo pack is a separate disc that allows users to download a copy of the film onto a computer through iTunes or Windows Media Player software . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] The film is also a movie download or On-Demand option . All versions of the release ( except for the On-Demand option ) include the `` Fun With Seth '' and `` Martian 101 '' bonus features , while the Blu-ray 2D version additionally includes deleted scenes , the `` Life On Mars : The Full Motion-Capture Experience '' feature , and an extended opening film clip . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] The Blu-ray 3D version also has an alternate scene called `` Mom-Napping '' , a finished 3D alternate scene of the Martian abduction of Milo 's mom . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 14 ]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 37 % based on reviews from 114 critics , with an average rating of 5/10 . The critical consensus reads , `` The cast is solid and it 's visually well-crafted , but Mars Needs Moms suffers from a lack of imagination and heart . `` [ 15 ] Metacritic assigned an average critical score of 49 out of 100 based on 22 reviews , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' . [ 16 ] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of `` B '' on an A+ to F scale .
Box office [ edit ]
Mars Needs Moms was a box-office failure and has the worst financial loss for a Disney-branded film . It earned $ 1,725,000 on its first day , for a weekend total of $ 6,825,000 . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] This is the 21st-worst opening ever for a film playing in 3,000+ theaters . [ 19 ] Adjusted for inflation , considering the total net loss of money ( not the profit-to-loss ratio ) , it was still the fourth-largest box office disappointment in history . [ 20 ] [ 21 ] In 2014 , the Los Angeles Times listed the film as one of the most expensive box-office disasters of all time . [ 22 ] On March 14 , 2011 , Brooks Barnes of The New York Times commented that it was rare for a Disney-branded film to do so badly , with the reason for its poor underperformance being the subject ( a mother kidnapped from her child ) , the style of animation , which fails to cross the uncanny valley threshold , and negative word of mouth on social networks , along with releasing it on the same week as Battle : Los Angeles which had more hype with the general movie goers . Barnes concluded , `` Critics and audiences alike , with audiences voicing their opinions on Twitter , blogs and other social media , complained that the Zemeckis technique can result in character facial expressions that look unnatural . Another common criticism was that Mr. Zemeckis focuses so much on technological wizardry that he neglects storytelling . `` [ 23 ]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
The film 's score was composed by John Powell . The soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records on March 3 , 2011 .
`` Crazy Little Thing Called Love '' – Queen
`` Mars Observers ''
`` Abduction and Trashworld ''
`` Enjoy the Ride ''
`` Mars Needs Moms ''
`` Gribble 's Plan ''
`` Milo Escapes ''
`` Gribble 's Loss ''
`` Firing Squad ''
`` To the Surface ''
`` The Sacrifice ''
`` Transformation ''
`` Family Reunion ''
`` Mars Needs Moms '' ( credits suite )
`` Martian Mambo ''
See also [ edit ]
Democrats are winning the war over the wall .
Despite President Trump 's request for more than $ 1 billion to fund the Mexican border wall this year , GOP leaders are expected to exclude the money in the spending bill being prepared to keep the government open beyond April 28 .
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) says the choice is pragmatic and the money will come later .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the issue has become a political thorn in the side of GOP leaders who are facing pushback from Republicans voicing concerns over the diplomatic fallout , the disruption to local communities and the enormous cost of the project , estimated to be anywhere from $ 22 billion to $ 40 billion .
With Democrats united against new wall funding , it 's unlikely the Republicans have the votes to get it through and prevent a government shutdown .
Among the loudest GOP skeptics are those representing border districts . Reps. Will Hurd ( R-Texas ) and Martha McSally ( R-Ariz. ) , for instance , hail from districts that span a combined 880 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border . They 're pressing the administration to justify the huge costs .
“ We recognize the need for robust border security and infrastructure to ensure public safety and increase cross border commerce , ” the lawmakers wrote recently to top administration officials . “ We also have an obligation to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars . ”
Grover Norquist , a conservative anti-tax crusader who has supported comprehensive immigration reform , told The Hill that payment for the wall has not been an issue in his discussions with allies on Capitol Hill .
And some Republicans are concerned that deteriorating relations with Mexico may be too high a price to pay for the wall .
In a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing Wednesday , Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE ( R-Ariz. ) expressed concern to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly about a growing resentment in Mexico over the administration 's border policies .
“ There is a lot of anti-American sentiment in Mexico . If the election were tomorrow in Mexico , you 'd probably have a left-wing , anti-American president in Mexico . That ca n't be good for America , ” McCain said .
“ It would not be good for America , or for Mexico , ” Kelly conceded .
The thinly veiled reference to Andrés Manuel López Obrador , who tops most polls in the lead-up to Mexico 's upcoming 2018 presidential election , raised eyebrows in Mexico .
Mexican Foreign Affairs Secretary Luis Videgaray told Kelly in Washington Thursday that Mexico “ expects the United States to respect the Mexican electoral process . ”
Videgaray added that , although Mexico considers the wall an “ unfriendly gesture , ” it is “ not part of a bilateral discussion and it should n't be . ”
Democrats have latched on to Mexico 's consistent denial that the country will pay for a border wall — various officials and former officials have panned the notion since Trump first brought it up during the campaign — to take swings at the president .
“ It 's anywhere between $ 26 billion and $ 40 billion to build it , you ca n't drive on it , you ca n't use it for anything , it does n't do anything to drive economic growth and jobs in America beyond the building of a wall itself , and it probably would n't be built using union jobs to begin with , ” said Rep. Joseph Crowley ( N.Y. ) , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus .
In its budget request , the White House had sought $ 1.4 billion in 2017 funds for the wall . But hoping to prevent a government shutdown , Ryan has suggested the Republicans will largely delay the wall funding debate until September , when Congress takes up spending bills looking ahead to fiscal 2018 .
“ The big chunk of money for the wall , really , is ... next fiscal year 's appropriations , because they literally ca n't start construction even this quickly , ” he told “ CBS This Morning ” last week .
Democrats are encouraged by those comments , but in the absence of specific legislation they remain leery that some Republicans , particularly those in the White House , will continue to push for wall provisions in the 2017 package .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) said she 's hopeful the Republicans will punt on the issue , citing recent polls indicating that voters are largely opposed .
“ I would hope that they would n't try that because … the American people do n't even support it , ” she told reporters Thursday .
A Pew Research poll released in February found that 67 percent of voters oppose the wall , and only 35 percent support it .
Last month , Pelosi visited the border region in Texas and warned that the wall would damage communities without benefiting public safety .
“ It 's about commerce . It 's about community . It 's about family . It 's about education . It 's about the environment . It 's about so many things , ” she said . “ So to put a wall there is really an insult and really an ineffective insult at that . ”
In Texas , where much of the land along the Rio Grande is privately owned , the wall has met resistance from many locals , regardless of party affiliation .
Landowners have long fought the federal government exercising eminent domain to acquire land for border fencing . Plus , the river 's natural floodplain would require the wall to be built well north of the border , leaving some land on the Mexican side of the wall .
Land acquisition is less of a concern in other border states , where much of the land is owned by the federal government and , except for a short span on the Colorado River , the border crosses dry land .
Still , past administrations have found a double duty for the wall in some sectors by building border fencing atop levees that protect communities from floods .
In anticipation of potential litigation over border land , Trump 's Department of Justice budget request for 2018 included funding for “ 20 attorneys to pursue Federal efforts to obtain the land and holdings necessary to secure the Southwest border and another 20 attorneys and support staff for immigration litigation assistance . ”
But focus is on the Homeland Security budget that provides for physical construction of the wall . And in that debate , the wildcard remains the question of how hard Trump will push fellow Republicans to help him make good on the central pillar of his campaign .
Democrats see the White House as the biggest threat to a spending deal this month .
“ House and Senate Democrats and Republicans have been making very good progress on an appropriations package to fund the government , ” Matt House , spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) , said Friday .
“ The only thing that could derail that progress is the White House insisting on their extraneous demands , which would meet bipartisan opposition . ”
Sentinel & Enterprise staff
Early election results indicate that Fitchburg Republican Dean Tran has won the seat to replace Jennifer Flanagan in the state Senate besting Democrat Sue Chalifoux Zephir and unenrolled candidate Claire Freda and Green-Rainbow Party candidate Charlene DiCarlegero .
`` I am your State Senator Elect , '' Tran posted to Twitter .
Developing
Dean Tran , along with campaign manager Gwen Meunier , thanks his supporters at River Styx Brewing on Tuesday , December 5 , 2017 after winning the special election . The special election was to fill the Worcester-Middlesex state Senate seat vacated by Jennifer Flanagan . SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / Ashley Green
Dean Tran bows down to his supporters while arriving at River Styx Brewing on Tuesday , December 5 , 2017 after winning the special election . The special election was to fill the Worcester-Middlesex state Senate seat vacated by Jennifer Flanagan . SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / Ashley Green
The hall is a sea of pink and white . About 350 Puerto Ricans , mostly women , have come to hear their First Lady speak in what they hope will be the final push towards a new relationship between their island and the United States .
When Beatriz Rosselló , the 32-year-old wife of the governor of Puerto Rico , finally appears at the rally outside the capital San Juan , the room erupts into a frenzy of flag-waving . The American Stars and Stripes with its 50 stars , and the Puerto Rican emblem , with its single one , intertwine amid the flurry , giving the illusion that they have fused : 51 stars in a single banner of red , white and blue .
Colony , state or independence : Puerto Rico 's status anxiety adds to debt crisis Read more
Which is precisely the message that Beatriz Rosselló wants to transmit when she manages to fight her way through the selfie-taking crowd to the microphone . “ Imagine this , ” she says in Spanish . “ Imagine that everyone agrees that it is time to take down the American flag and raise it up again with one more star for Puerto Rico . Imagine how beautiful that would be . ”
Rosselló and her supporters of the governing Partido Nuevo Progresista ( PNP ) hope to take that spirit of unification to the polling stations on Sunday when Puerto Rico holds its fifth plebiscite on statehood in 50 years . The ambition is to deliver such a resounding cry from the island 's 3.4 million citizens that Washington will be forced to take Puerto Rico on board as the 51st state of the United States .
It is a forlorn hope , coming at a time of singular anguish for this Caribbean territory that has been an unincorporated US territory since the Spanish-American war of 1898 . The island is struggling after a decade-long recession that has seen its unemployment rate reach 12.4 % , compared with 4.7 % in the US as a whole , and its overall debt burden and pensions shortfall rise to more than $ 120bn .
Last month , Beatriz Rosselló 's husband Ricardo hit the nuclear button and took Puerto Rico into a form of bankruptcy – the first time in history that any US state or territory had done so . That followed the imposition last year by the US Congress of a fiscal control board that exerts federal oversight of the island 's finances , imposing excruciating cuts to public services including education , health care and benefits .
Twenty minutes ' drive away from the pro-statehood rally , the devastation of the past few years is laid bare at the Río Piedras campus of the University of Puerto Rico . The gates of the institution are padlocked and barricaded with old wooden crates and iron bars , and the tree-lined grounds are empty save for some workers clearing up rubbish .
For the past 71 days students have occupied the campus in protest over cuts , terminating all its classes and turning Rio Piedras into a wasteland . Though the strike ended on Friday , the walls of the academic buildings are still festooned in strikers ' graffiti : “ A country unemployed , a people tired – we must demand more , ” says one slogan .
One of the strikers , Juan Collazo , 22 , personifies the problems now faced by millions of Puerto Ricans . He decided to join the strike , he said , when cuts were announced that , by some accounts , would slash up to $ 512m from the university 's $ 900m annual budget , destroying its historic standing as a place of learning for thousands of poor citizens .
Collazo calculates that if the cuts go ahead he will find his tuition fees rise from nothing – they are fully covered by federal grants – to $ 1,600 a year . That 's an amount he says he could no way afford : jobs have all but dried up .
Hedge funds tell Puerto Rico : lay off teachers and close schools to pay us back Read more
The fallout of the financial crisis is hurting other members of his family , too . His mother has just lost her job as an elementary teacher ; her workplace was one of 184 public schools shuttered in the latest round of school closures .
Amid such personal hardship , Collazo is left unmoved by Sunday 's referendum on whether or not to become America 's 51st state , in which he has no intention of participating . He calls himself an “ independista ” , wanting full sovereignty for his country .
He believes the vote is worse than pointless , it is manipulative : “ They are spending $ 8m holding this vote , and yet will the US Congress take any notice of it ? No , they wo n't . This is just another attempt to divide and conquer us . ”
These are some of the disgruntled feelings that the governor , Ricardo Rosselló , is battling against having called the statehood vote . All opposition parties in the country have vowed to boycott the Sunday poll , further threatening its credibility .
Rosselló dismisses the boycott as a ruse on the part of the opposition to disguise their own political weakness . He says $ 8m is small change if it addresses the much greater cost of being a colony .
“ The current status is shameful , ” he says . “ It is shameful to be a colonial territory in the 21st century , and for the United States to own one . The nation that is the standard bearer of freedom and democracy should not be in this position – it 's hard to go to Cuba and Venezuela and voice your support for democracy when you 're not doing it at home . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rosselló said : ‘ It is shameful to be a colonial territory in the 21st century , and for the United States to own one . ' Photograph : Bloomberg/Getty Images
Rosselló speaks to the Guardian in the Throne Room , the gilded centerpiece of the 1530s governor 's mansion known as La Fortaleza that was designed to welcome Spanish royalty . ( They never showed up ) . The room stands as the embodiment of 500 years of colonial rule –under Spain and then the US – which make it the oldest colonial territory in the world .
The governor says that the melding of Spanish and American culture is a strength for Puerto Rico to embrace , not a liability to discard with independence . “ Some people will say you need to choose one over the other but I think this is a false narrative . Puerto Rico is the perfect connector of the Americas – the Latin American and the North American . ”
Even in the age of Trump ? The president who has denigrated Mexican “ rapists and murderers ” , promised to build a wall to keep Latinos out , sneered at Puerto Rico 's desire for a “ bailout ” ?
“ My view is , I do n't know that he is anti-Latino , ” Rosselló says with studious diplomacy . “ Obviously I 've heard some derogatory remarks but I do n't know him personally , and it does n't deter me . ”
But is there any sign that the US Congress is prepared to move an inch towards granting statehood ? “ If we establish that the people of Puerto Rico want statehood and reject the current colonial status , then the nation that professes democracy is going to need to act , ” he says .
Behind all this frenetic talking and disagreement is a key Puerto Rican paradox : the islanders are united at least by their unanimous obsession with the United States . You can see it in the framing of their major parties , which all define themselves in terms of their desired relationship with the mainland – Rosselló 's PNP in favour of becoming the 51st state , the opposition Partido Popular Democrático ( PPD ) broadly in favor of the status quo , and a small but influential independence party calling for a clean break .
Puerto Rico 's economic migrants escape to US mainland in search of stability Read more
You see it with the exodus : more than 400,000 inhabitants have left the troubled island since the last status vote in 2012 , overwhelmingly to the US . There are now almost 5.2 million Puerto Ricans living in the US , almost 2 million more than at home , making them an increasingly powerful voice in electorally sensitive states such as Florida .
Domestically , you see the paradox played out on the streets of San Juan , a Spanish-speaking Latin American city with US chain stores on every block . You see it too in the high prices of food and other daily products , with more than 80 % of the island 's food imported , largely from the US and all of it , by law , under the flag of the ( very expensive ) US merchant navy .
Above all , you see Puerto Rico 's fraught connection to the US in the strange legal context that was bestowed on its people under the terms of the 1917 Jones Act that granted them US citizenship but not the federal vote . From that legislation a host of contradictions and insults have flowed .
The most glaring of those is that Puerto Ricans living on the island can not vote for US president , though if they move to one of the 50 states , they can .
In short : Puerto Rico remains the awkward embarrassment of the US . America , a nation founded on the rejection of the imperial yoke continues to hold on to its own colonial outpost , 119 years after the fact .
“ The issue of eradicating colonialism is extremely important , not only for us as a country that 's going through very hard times , but for the US which has been a beacon of freedom around the world , or at least has portrayed itself as that , ” says the mayor of San Juan , Carmen Yulín Cruz . A member of the opposition PPD , she wants to see the island acquire full sovereign powers while retaining close links to the US – a sort of middle ground between statehood and independence .
She thinks becoming the 51st state would only lock in Puerto Rico 's dependence on its powerful overlord , which is why she 's boycotting Sunday 's vote . “ You do n't fight injustice by asking to become part of the system that committed the injustice against you in the first place . That 's like a freed slave striving to become a slave owner . ”
It is with sad hearts that we report that Betsy Palmer , the actress who played Pamela Voorhees on Friday the 13th and its sequel , has passed away at age 88 . She died this past Friday in a Connecticut hospice care center .
Palmer began her acting career in the 50 's , obtaining many small roles in TV shows such as “ Inner Sanctum “ , “ The Web “ , “ Lux Video Theatre “ , and more .
Interestingly , Palmer did not hold her role as Ms. Voorhees in high regard , saying that she only took on the role to purchase a car . In fact , her original thoughts on the film were , “ What a piece of shit ! Nobody is ever going to see this thing . What an awful thing this is. ” [ Source ]
However , apparently as the years passed by she gradually embraced Ms. Voorhees , appreciating the love that horror fans had for her .
Rest in peace , Betsy . We send our condolences to friends and family .
Bambino ! Completed 4.89
Author : SEKIYA Tetsuji
Drama Seinen Slice of Life
Shogo Ban , a college student from Fukuoka , likes to cook . Thanks to the owner of the restaurant where he works part-time , he finds himself working at the line of Roppongi 's best Italian restaurant , T ... more
Shogo Ban , a college student from Fukuoka , likes to cook . Thanks to the owner of the restaurant where he works part-time , he finds himself working at the line of Roppongi 's best Italian restaurant , Trattoria Baccanale , and discovers that the real deal is n't quite as easy as he 'd thought . The manga follows Ban as he struggles to keep up with the hectic workload and his co-workers , along with issues outside the kitchen like his relationship with his girlfriend Eri , who he left behind in Fukuoka . Bambino ! received the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga along with Takeshi Natsuhara 's and Kuromaru 's Kurosagi .
Read Now Add to Library
Investors took €70.2 billion out of Spain in 2015 , according to new balance of payment figures published on Monday by the Bank of Spain .
The amount lies in stark contrast to the €5.6 billion investors put into the country in 2014 – in December 2015 alone , the month in which the general election was held , €19 billion was taken out .
Nevertheless , the figures are a long way from the record set in 2012 when €170 billion was withdrawn from Spain .
The figures are a long way from the record set in 2012 when €170 billion was withdrawn from Spain
The balance of payments is the result of looking at what Spaniards invest in outside of the country and what foreigners send to Spain over the same time period .
A number of legal firms have confirmed that owners of large fortunes have begun taking their capital out of Spain because of increasing uncertainty in the country following the inconclusive December general election , which has so far failed to produce a new government , as well as the risk of rising taxes .
The recent governing agreement signed between the Socialists and Ciudadanos includes a new tax on major fortunes and left-wing party Podemos has also included plans to increase levies on large sums .
The €70.2 billion taken out last year is the result of the withdrawal of €21.3 billion in direct investment and €48.8 billion taken out of the country in the form of other investments , such as loans , repos and deposits .
Investors also withdrew €700 million in portfolio investments last year . In the area of financial derivatives alone there was an increase of €600 million .
English version by Nick Funnell .
Taking on Beijing in areas such as intellectual property rights could lead to ‘ a downward spiral ' in relations
Moves by Donald Trump to confront China on trade would elicit a “ very aggressive ” response , a former top US trade negotiator has predicted , as Beijing said an upcoming visit from the US president would help “ map out ” the next half century of ties between the world 's top two economies .
There has been speculation since last week that Trump – who is due to travel to China this year – is preparing to launch a potentially incendiary investigation into its alleged abuse of intellectual property rights .
After China 's decision to back a UN security council resolution against North Korea on Saturday , some reports suggested that inquiry might have been put on ice . The Financial Times called the anticipated move “ the trade diplomacy equivalent of a wooden club ” and warned it could provoke “ a full-blown trade war ” .
China has 'all kinds of weapons ' to take on Trump threats , says ex-trade adviser Read more
In an interview with the Guardian , Charlene Barshefsky , the US trade representative under Bill Clinton , agreed challenging Beijing could “ engender a downward spiral ” in relations .
“ When China is displeased with US actions … you see China act in ways that are very aggressive , designed to intimidate , designed to force the US to back down , ” said the veteran lawyer , who negotiated China 's 2001 entry into the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) with its then premier Zhu Rongji .
“ The US rarely backs down , which is absolutely correct – it should not . But this is China 's way : it bullies in situations like this . ”
Barshefsky , who is now a senior international partner at the US law firm WilmerHale , said it was unclear what measures the Trump administration might take against Beijing but she did not expect the White House to cave in to Chinese pressure .
“ Then the question is : ‘ What is the next move ? ' And , ‘ How much more heated does this get ? ' And , ‘ Does it engender a downward spiral ? ' ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlene Barshefsky during her time as Bill Clinton 's US trade representative . Photograph : Dan Levine/AFP
“ We will have to see how this plays out . But there will be a lot of very heated and aggressive rhetoric on both sides , there is no question about it ... [ And ] China will likely not just talk the talk but they will begin to walk the walk , and before too long US companies will start complaining about being even further ill-treated in China . Not blocked ; not retaliated against in any large sense . But the environment will become more and more difficult . And China will do that as a way of pressuring the US to back off . ”
The warning comes after the US secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , said relations between the US and China – re-established by Chairman Mao and Richard Nixon in 1972 – had reached “ a pivot point ” after more than four decades of “ no conflict ” .
On Sunday , the Chinese foreign minister , Wang Yi , struck a similar note , telling reporters the most important task facing Chinese diplomats now was to be “ well prepared ” for Trump 's upcoming visit to China . That trip would help “ to map out the relations of the next 50 years ” , Wang said , according to the official Xinhua news agency .
Barshefsky said there was now widespread consensus in the US that Beijing 's “ explicitly discriminatory ” policies towards foreign firms had to be tackled .
China had spent the past decade attempting to cordon off large swaths of the Chinese economy for its own companies as part of an “ indigenising ” campaign that had intensified since Xi Jinping became the country 's top leader , in 2012 .
As part of that push Barshefsky claimed China was “ flouting international rules ” by doubling down on intellectual property theft and the forced transfer of foreign technology while also pumping “ massive subsidies ” into Chinese industries to artificially increase homegrown competitiveness .
The [ Chinese ] state sector is becoming an increasing competitive problem and threat . Charlene Barshefsky
“ Foreign companies – both US and European – feel far less welcome [ in China ] . The business environment is far more difficult and discriminatory ; the state sector is becoming an increasing competitive problem and threat … So this is n't simply Trump administration perception – this is a widely shared view . ”
Despite the worsening situation , Barshefsky said the Obama administration had “ in many instances substituted dialogue – endless dialogue – for action ” .
It remains unclear when , how or even if Trump will challenge Beijing but reports suggest he could instruct his trade representative to launch a so-called “ section 301 ” case . That would allow the US to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions aimed at protecting US industries .
Barshefsky predicted China would hit back by accusing the US of protectionism and claiming it was “ the last man standing for an open global trading system ” .
Retaliation was also possible : “ This has serious repercussions : we are talking about two giants . ”
Story highlights The decision is subject to a 120-day review period
The board 's decision was due to his `` positive adjustment ... no recent disciplinary problems ''
Two years ago , a California panel granted parole , but it was overturned by the governor
Bruce Davis , 69 , is serving a life sentence for first-degree murders
A California parole board on Thursday recommended parole for Bruce Davis , one of Charles Manson 's followers and a convicted killer .
Davis , 69 , is serving a life sentence for the 1969 first-degree murders of music teacher Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald `` Shorty '' Shea .
The board 's decision was due to his `` positive adjustment , record of no recent disciplinary problems , and for successfully completing academic and vocational education and self-help programs , '' according to a statement from the body .
The decision is subject to a 120-day review period . Gov . Jerry Brown can then `` reverse , modify , affirm or decline to review the board 's decision . ''
Two years ago , a California panel granted parole to Davis , but it was overturned by then-Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger , officials said .
In Davis ' last parole hearing , in 2010 , the board said that Davis had not been disciplined since 1980 and participated in all available education , vocation and self-help programs .
Davis is one of several imprisoned followers of Manson , 77 , who is serving a life sentence for nine murders . Manson led his `` family '' in a deadly spree in 1969 , whose victims included eight-months-pregnant actress Sharon Tate . Manson was denied parole for the 12th time in March .
Manson , whose gruesome killings inspired the best-selling book `` Helter Skelter , '' will be up for parole again 15 years from now , when he would be 92 .
Amtrak Crash Latest : Video Shows Construction Equipment On Track
Enlarge this image toggle caption Glenn R. Hills Jr./AP Glenn R. Hills Jr./AP
The investigation into the crash of an Amtrak train just south of Philadelphia on Sunday , in which two people were killed , is ongoing .
A forward-facing video from the train that recorded footage `` up to the collision '' showed that there was `` construction equipment on the track and work train equipment on the track immediately adjacent to the Amtrak train 's track , '' said Ryan Frigo , the National Transportation Safety Board investigator in charge .
Frigo said the `` engineer placed the train into emergency '' about five seconds from the end of the recording and added that the train 's speed at that time was 106 mph . The track speed at that location is 110 mph , he said .
Frigo said the cars and their maintenance records were inspected and `` no anomalies '' were found . He said the train 's braking system would be examined Tuesday .
As The Two-Way reported yesterday , `` Amtrak says the accident was caused when train 89 hit a backhoe on the tracks , derailing the lead engine . The railroad service says approximately 341 passengers and seven crew members were on board at the time . ''
The two people who died were `` in , on or near the backhoe that was struck , '' said Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Ruth Miller .
A Saudi newspaper close to the government has called for a review of the kingdom 's long-standing and close relationship with the United States .
We must question those who think that America is our strategic option that can not be substituted
Al-Riyadh
A front-page editorial in Al-Riyadh newspaper says there is a need to revise Saudi Arabia 's international strategic relations .
The article comes only a day after relatives of victims of the 11 September attacks launched a big lawsuit against people they accuse of helping finance the al-Qaeda network , including members of the Saudi royal family .
Although the paper does not refer to this , it does mention a recent Pentagon briefing during which oil-rich Saudi Arabia was accused of being a supporter of terrorism and an enemy of the US .
The Pentagon subsequently tried to distance itself from the briefing given to one of its advisory groups , and Saudi Arabia dismissed reports of tension in its relations with the US .
Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal played down the incident , blaming elements within the Bush administration who `` unfortunately '' sought to shake the traditional strong ties between the two countries .
'Blackmail
`` We must question those who think that America is our strategic option that can not be substituted . Those will put us in a narrow space , and their [ belief ] is not supported by objective justification , '' the Al-Riyadh editorial said on Friday .
According to French news agency AFP , only two out of nearly a dozen Saudi dailies carried details of the lawsuit filed in Washington on Thursday .
Neither mentioned the naming in the suit of three Saudi royals : former intelligence chief Turki al-Faisal al-Saud , Defence Minister Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud , and businessman Mohammed al Faisal al-Saud .
One of those which did carry the story , Okaz , branded the suit as `` the largest operation of blackmail plotted by secret hands '' .
The lawsuit alleged that Saudi money has `` for years been funnelled to encourage radical anti-Americanism as well as to fund the al-Qaeda terrorists '' .
Those named include Saudi-born militant Osama bin Laden and several members of his family .
Fifteen of the 19 alleged hijackers on 11 September were Saudis .
Saudi Arabia has denied any involvement and repeatedly has said its relations with the US remained strong .
Leading Bush administration officials have said publicly that ties with Saudi Arabia were excellent .
The lawsuit also comes just days after Saudi Arabia ruled out handing over to the US 16 alleged al-Qaeda fighters extradited from Iran .
When we first discovered Shinola Bicycles , it seemed like a cool idea : Grow US bicycle manufacturing and bring new industry to Detroit . But after getting to see them up close and meet the people behind the brand , we 're more excited for them than ever .
We were invited to their store grand opening , which also doubles as the bicycle assembly and shipping facility , an R & D prototyping room and sales center . Besides seeing the bikes , we chatted up Richard Schwinn , the man behind Waterford Cycles , which builds all of the frames and forks , and Sky Yaeger , the design leader , who 's worked with Bianchi and started Swobo 's bicycle line , and many others involved in bringing new life to the Motor City .
Shinola also makes watches , which we photo 'd being hand assembled . Tick through for the full tour and a detailed look at what makes these bikes special…
The store 's located near downtown and is absolutely beautiful .
In addition to their own goods , which also includes leather bound notebooks and branded shoe polish and leather care stemming from the original Shinola brand , they curate a rotating selection of local and US made products that accentuate their own products .
On hand were leather wrapped bicycle locks from Map of Days , matched helmets and gloves from Giro , and more . The brand name started life in the 1920 's as the wax based shoe polish your grandfather might remember , but the trademarks were purchased by Shinola/Detroit , LLC .
Motor City Brewing Works is across the street , and Slow 's Bar-BQ is around the corner . Mmmmm… . Slow 's .
BICYCLE ASSEMBLY
This is true small batch production , made and assembled 10 SKUs at a time ( same color , model and size ) . Richard Schwinn was pretty stoked about the bikes and the volume of business it 's generating for his company .
Frames come from Waterford finished and painted , with holes drilled for the head badge and chainstay plate , which are made in New Hampshire Rhode Island and Wisconsin , respectively .
Both of those parts are riveted on once they arrive at the Shinola , and each model gets a specific badge with the model , size and unit numbers printed on the chainstay plate . Those numbers match up with the build checklist so any issues can be traced .
Each 10-bike batch 's frames and forks is put on a rolling stage . The steerers are cut to length depending on frame size , headsets and bottom brackets are installed and forks are put into the frame .
Handlebar assemblies and wheels are bulk assembled with the right rotors , cogs , tires , reflectors , stems , handlebars , grips , bells , shifters and levers . Wheels are built by StaTruWheels.com with parts spec 'd by Shinola . Each one is checked for trueness and tension again once it comes in .
Cables are cut , then all of the sub assemblies are moved to the work stand for the final build . Internal cable routing runs thru brass tubes In the frame .
Fender braces are bent and cut in house to fit around the disc brake calipers and not overhang the brackets .
Not only is the workshop very clean and well organized , even the assembly and torque checklist is stylishly designed .
Once assembled and checked , the handlebars are turned and they 're boxed up . The end user literally just has to pull them out , straighten the bars , tighten the stem and they 're off . Checking the tire pressure 's probably not a bad idea , though .
THE BICYCLES
Sky Yaeger , who was VP of product development for Bianchi 's US line , then started Swobo 's bike program in 2006 . In 2012 , she joined Shinola and oversaw the design process . That meant leading the design team that picked all of the spec , chose the colors and paint scheme and coordinated it all into a very pretty package .
The women 's step-through version of the Bixby is a perfect example . Everything from the head badge to the bell to lockon grips to saddle rails to pedals to serial number plate all match . Considering most of these parts come from different vendors and are different materials , getting them all anodized or plated in shades similar enough to look the same is a feat unto itself .
This is the men 's Bixby in brown . All parts and their origins are listed on their website . They buy and make what they can from US sources , most located relatively close to Detroit , some of which you 'll see further down .
The exceptions are things like tires and leather saddles that just are n't made here or things like headsets that need to be kept within a certain budget so to compete bikes can hit reasonable price points .
The Bixby models are $ 1,950 . They use custom double butted True Temper chromoly tubing and come with 3-speed internally geared hubs and Shimano mechanical disc brakes .
The Runwell is the higher end bike . It shares the double butted True Temper tubing but has a lugged construction and comes complete with a front rack ( not shown here ) and Shimano Alfine 11 speed internal hub . Retail is $ 2,950 .
Dropouts on both models are laser cut from a shop in Detroit . Yaeger says one of the little things that often go unnoticed is how hard it is to get things like chainguard tabs lined up perfectly so there 's no rub or rattle . These little touches are what make the bikes special , and it comes from having someone like Waterford build the bikes rather than being mass produced overseas .
“ A fashion brand could have done this and just said ‘ We want a bike . Any bike , ' ” said Yaeger . “ But these are serious bikes . The knee jerk reaction is ‘ whoa these are expensive ' , but people are spending $ 6,000 or $ 8,000 on a road or mountain bike . And these will outlive you as long as you do n't throw them in the ocean . ”
The Runwell also comes in orange and blue . Here 's that front rack .
This is the one-off brass plated Runwell they made for the Baselworld 2013 watch show . Check it out in full detail here .
PROTOTYPING
In the back corner of their store is the prototyping room . This , along with the entire assembly station , used to be tucked into an unfinished room at their corporate headquarters . They had more space there , but far , far more style here .
Swing by the store and you might see them playing around with something like a scrapped Schwinn Twinn tandem bike ( right , gray ) or tacking together test frames . They have a full welding set up , jig and mill , among other things .
Dropouts are laser cut in Detroit . The slabs of steel will end up as art .
This is a new version of the fork they 're working on that moves the “ S ” from the top of the crown to the sides .
Sometimes seeing the raw frame gives a better appreciation for the little details .
HEADQUARTERS & WATCHMAKING
Shinola 's headquarters takes up one floor of the A. Alfred Taubman Center for Design Education .
Step out of the elevator and you 're greater by their pre-lobby . They hold design and other classes and presentations for students in the building , and one of the projects was designing their office .
Behind the entryway and wrapping around the entire back wall of the office is an immensely open work space .
On the left side of the building is their watch making section . It 's completely sealed off to prevent dust and humidity from contaminating the movements .
Julio , who I did n't manage to photograph , oversees the watch making process . He grew up in Detroit and took a high school watch making class then went to the Lititz School / Rolex Service Center in Pennsylvania . He worked for Tourneau and other brands before coming back to Detroit and getting involved with Shinola .
Ronda AG makes the movements ( i.e . all the internal pieces ) in Switzerland . Each movement consists of about 46 to more than 100 pieces , all of which are shipped to Detroit loose then hand assembled by about two dozen people . Above , a craftsman is making modifications so the watches will hold larger batteries . At present , all watches need to be sent back to Shinola for battery replacement , but they 're working on authorizing resellers to provide that service .
The blue wand being held is a combination vacuum and drill . It sucks up one tiny screw from the center bowl , then threads it into the assembly .
This is the top of the movement with a temporary hand . They 'll likely make about 50,000 this year , and their goal is to make around 200,000 watches next year .
The watches with calendar function move on to this station . In addition to the day-of-the-month wheel and all associated gears , she 's placing tiny ( and I do mean tiny ! ) springs and catches that help the winding dial snap into place and catch the gears to adjust the date and time . Once everything 's installed , a cap covers the center ring , it 's flipped and then they can work on the other side if necessary , or that ring moves on to the next station .
Completed movements are then sealed inside the case…
… and bands are installed . They 're then polished and inspected before final packaging .
Big thanks to everyone at Shinola for the tour and hospitality !
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a woman was mauled by a tiger and another dragged to her death during a family row at a safari park .
The tragic incident began when a young woman got out of a car inside the Siberian tiger enclosure to berate her partner in the driver 's seat .
One of the powerful creatures quickly pounced at Badaling Wildlife Park in Beijing , China .
An older woman , believed to be her mother , and a man then also got out and went to her rescue .
But the older woman was then attacked by a second tiger who dragged her to her death as park rangers frantically tried to intervene .
The younger woman remains in hospital with serious injuries but the mum could not be saved .
The horrendous incident was partly captured on shocking CCTV footage .
A silver car is driving along a paved pathway through the park when it comes to a stop .
A young woman gets out of the front passenger seat , slams her door and stomps round to the driver 's side .
The driver also opens his door as the woman appears to remonstrate with him .
But within seconds , a tiger appears from nowhere and pounces on the woman 's back from behind .
She appears to hear it coming only at the last second and is unable to escape .
The animal pulls her to the ground and away from the vehicle with lightning speed .
The man gets out of the car and for a moment appears unsure whether to get back in or go after the woman .
He then disappears off camera .
A few seconds later , the older woman also gets out the car as park rangers appear in a jeep .
The man appears to motion her back into the vehicle , but she runs with him off camera as well .
( Image : Rex )
The second tiger attack is not captured on camera .
The park has been closed while an investigation is underway , according to local media .
Sources told ChinaNews said the accident involved a family of four including three adults and a child .
As the vehicle travelled through the Siberian tiger garden area , there was an `` altercation '' between the young woman and man who was driving .
She suddenly got out of the car and went to try and open his door .
( Image : Rex )
The younger woman remains seriously injured in hospital while the older woman was killed on the spot .
The young man also left the car in an attempt to rescue the women , it was reported .
Details of the incident have not been officially confirmed .
Signs at Badaling Wildlife Park warn visitors not to leave their vehicles .
A zookeeper was killed at the same park in 2014 after being bitten by a Bengal tiger , according to Sina News .
Black Run America
This comes from the latest NYT/CBS poll :
Which comes closer to your view ?
1 . The current economic downturn is temporary and eventually the economy will fully recover , OR 2 . The current economic downturn is part of a long-term permanent decline and the economy will never fully recover .
Temporary Downturn : 68 percent ( October 2010 ) , 57 percent ( June 2011 )
Permanent Decline : 28 percent ( October 2010 ) , 39 percent ( June 2011 )
The first poll was taken on the eve of the 2010 midterm elections . This poll was taken within the last four days .
In response to growing economic pessimism in the Heartland , HNIC Barack Hussein Obama has announced that Johnny Ford , the Mayor of the Swift Growing South , has joined his administration as his Chief Economic Advisor .
As a Washington outsider , Mayor Ford presided over Tuskegee 's economic miracle for 24 years . He served 8 non-consecutive terms and brings a lifetime 's worth of experience in public administration to the Obama economic team .
Other Polls :
– 72 percent of the political class believe BRA is heading in the right direction . 79 percent of mainstream voters disagree .
– 54 percent of black voters think BRA is heading in the right direction . 73 percent of White voters say BRA is on the wrong track .
– 53 percent of Americans believe the federal government is more of a threat to their rights than a protector .
– 23 percent of Americans believe BRA has the consent of the governed .
– 69 percent of Americans are “ angry ” at the federal government . 38 percent of Americans are “ very angry ” at the federal government .
– 45 percent of Americans say that the gap between BRA politicians and ordinary Americans is now as big as the gap between England and the American colonies in 1776 .
– 61 percent of Americans are “ angry ” with the DWLs in the media . 26 percent are “ very angry . ”
– 64 percent of the political class says the MSM is unbiased . 47 percent say DWLs in the media are attempting to advance the Obama agenda – you think ?
– 71 percent of mainstream voters are “ angry ” at the media . 83 percent of the political class is “ not angry ” at the media .
– 44 percent of Whites say the media is trying to advance the Obama agenda . 46 percent of African-American voters claim the media is trying to block the Obama agenda .
– 62 percent of Americans say that Congress has a higher opinion of the media than the people .
– 85 percent of Americans have more confidence in their own judgment than that of the average DWL reporter .
– 67 percent of Americans say the MSM has too much influence over the government .
Not bad for a bunch of lemmings .
Update : Here 's another “ freedom song ” from Ludacris about “ painting the White House black . ”
Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) ( screenshot )
Appearing on a Catholic talk show on EWTN , 2016 GOP presidential contender Ted Cruz said abortion could be “ outlawed ” in the U.S. by using legislation to do an end-around the Supreme Court 's decision in Roe v. Wade .
According to Right Wing Watch , Cruz agreed with host Robert George that an interpretation of the 14th Amendment would seem to indicate that a fetus could receive protections under the Equal Protection Clause if granted that right by lawmakers .
“ Now the amendment in its fifth section includes a provision that delegates to the Congress , the power to , and I quote , ‘ to enforce by appropriate legislation the provisions of this article , ' ” George began .
“ Now do you believe that unborn babies are persons within the meaning of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment and , if so , will you call on Congress to use its authority under the 14th Amendment pursuant to Section Five , to protect the unborn ? ” George asked . “ Or do you take the view , as some do , that we ca n't do that until Roe v. Wade is overturned either by the court itself or by constitutional amendment ? Where do you stand on that ? ”
“ Listen , absolutely , yes , ” Cruz replied . “ I think the first obligation of everyone in public office is to protect life . Life is foundational . In fact , as you look at the Declaration , that ordering of unalienable rights — life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness — I think is a very deliberate ordering . ”
“ I very much agree with the pope 's longstanding , and the prior popes ' before him , longstanding call to protect every human life from the moment of conception to the moment of natural death , ” he added .
“ And we can do that by Congressional action without waiting for the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade ? ” George pressed the candidate .
“ Absolutely yes , under the 14th Amendment , ” Cruz replied .
Cruz 's citation of the Equal Protection Clause is n't unique among GOP presidential candidates .
In August , former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee made the same assertion — minus the legislative details — saying , “ And , this notion that we just continue to ignore the personhood of the individual is a violation of that unborn child 's Fifth and 14th Amendment rights for due process and equal protection under the law . ”
Watch video of Cruz below via Right Wing Watch :
It seems Diablo 3 has been taken offline in Korea following reports of item duping . No estimate has been given by Blizzard Korea as to when the game will be brought back online .
This is a big deal .
Item dupes have plagued MMOs and action-RPGs since the dawn of the right-click . Essentially , usually using an arcane series of clicks and movements , players are able to replicate one item from another – repeatedly . What tends to follow is an economic crash as the value of in-game assets fall , followed by pain and drama .
What makes this doubly threatening for Diablo 3 is the real-money auction house – where players will be able to buy or sell items for real cash , swapping their bastard swords for bastard money . Throw the possibility of dupes into the pot , and you 've got a nightmare scenario for players , Blizzard and their payment provider , Paypal .
Currently , the South-Korean version of Diablo 3 does not include the Real-Money-Auction house after it was deemed unacceptable by a local standards agency . Blizzard 's Korean officewas recently raided by the Korean Federal Trade commission investigating the refusal of Blizzard to refund customers over DRM issues.As Eurogamer report , no time-scale has been given for when the game will return online .
Here 's the forum thread .
UPDATE : Here 's a video of the purported dupe in action .
A quite disgustingly creative young man put two fingers down his throat and deliberately vomited over an off-duty cop and his children at a baseball game , following a confrontation . This did not pan out so well .
Matthew Clemmens , 21 , was at the Phillies-Nationals game on Wednesday . His companion was kicked out for unruly behaviour . In the aftermath he attacked Michael Vangelo and his daughter , who were sat in front of him . `` It was the most vile , disgusting thing I 've ever seen , '' Vangelo told the Associated Press . `` He has two fingers down his throat , he lunges forward and vomits on myself and my 11-year-old . ''
He was charged with assault , reckless endangerment , disorderly conduct and related offenses . He 's being held on $ 36,000 bail . And , as bystanders held him down while more cops arrived , someone punched him in the face for good measure .
A man accused in connection to the death of a two-year-old in May appeared in court on Thursday .
APD said on Wednesday , the autopsy of Gabriella Marlow revealed she died of malnutrition .
Timothy Hulsey , 41 , was arrested Wednesday .
Hulsey , indicted for manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide , initially told Judge Michael Spaan he wanted to represent himself , saying he was concerned about a case of mistaken identity .
`` I want to make sure that this is n't a case of mistaken identity , like I explained to the gentleman when I was taken in to the jail house , they had my social transcribed incorrectly and also I was n't read my Miranda rights , '' Hulsey said .
Judge Michael Spaan advised Hulsey to obtain help from a lawyer .
`` If they got the wrong guy , a lawyer could assist you , '' Spaan said .
Hulsey also told Judge Spaan he had n't been able to make a phone call .
`` I 'm from California and I have n't been able to make a phone call to my family , the point number two , 2 small dogs at my house and I do n't want them to run out of food or water , `` Hulsey said . `` I 'd take care of em , so I want some arrangements made for the passing down of my keys to possibly a co-worker so she could get in and feed and water the dogs . ''
Hulsey told Judge Spaan he works as chiropractor at JBER and makes six-figures annually .
Judge Spaan appointed a public defender and ordered Hulsey to meet with pretrial services to go over finances .
A public defender speaking on Hulsey 's behalf then entered `` not guilty '' pleas for the manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide charge .
Judge Spaan said Hulsey was being held without bail .
The Anchorage Police Department issued a public request on Wednesday for information about the whereabouts of Hulsey 's girlfriend , 36-year-old Stephanie Hamburg , Marlow 's mother .
`` The suspects , the mother and her boyfriend , believed the child would “ outgrow ” not eating and it was just a “ stage , '' APD wrote . `` The main source of nutrition for the child was whole milk and occasionally Dr . Pepper . ''
Hamburg also faces charges of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide .
Judge Roy Moore 's Brother Jerry Breaks Silence : 91-Year-Old Mother Cries Over Fake Harrassment Claims ( VIDEO )
Jerry Moore told WBRC Fox 6 News reporter Alan Collins that sexual harrestment claims against his brother Roy are untrue and taking a toll on the family . Moore told Collins that his 91-year-old mother is crying over the political attacks waged against her son Roy .
“ I got a 91-year-old mother that 's setting over in the house crying right now — crying because they accused her son of something he had n't done , ” Jerry Moore told Collins .
Video credit : Dean Young
Breitbart News reports :
Moore told Collins the allegations , published by the Washington Post on Thursday , are designed to turn around the election for Moore 's Democratic opponent , Doug Jones . The Post 's story alleged that when he was 32 , he “ initiated a sexual encounter ” with a 14-year-old in 1979 . In addition , the paper said three other young women who were of legal age of consent — 16 , 17 , and 18 — said he had courted them . According to the report , Moore dated two of them , but it had not progressed to anything beyond kissing and hugging . Two said Moore had served them alcohol , even though they were under the drinking age of 19 .
As The Gateway Pundit 's Cristina Laila previously reported , Judge Roy Moore blasted fake news WaPo at a press conference Saturday promising ‘ revelations ' of their motivations behind the recent hit piece ‘ in the next few days ' . members of Roy Moore 's camp believe the allegations is a GOP inside hit job .
These accusations are all very suspicious being that Moore has been in the public eye for decades and opposition research against him has never revealed these women until now .
Moore said his team has been doing some investigating and will reveal WaPo 's motivations in the next few days .
The HSUS went undercover again to record what 's happening at factory farms , and today we released our latest findings . We announced them this morning at a press conference in Oklahoma City , not far from the pig production facilities we examined .
For four months while pregnant , pigs are confined in gestation crates―two-foot by seven-foot metal cages . They 're moved to another crate to give birth , after which they 're impregnated again and put back into a gestation crate to repeat the cycle . This happens again and again , until the animals either die in their crates or can no longer breed at a profitable rate and are sent to slaughter . Each animal may spend up to three years locked in a crate , virtually immobilized for nearly her entire life .
The HSUS
Please take action today to help pigs .
Living inside a cage barely larger than your body is n't humane and it is not right . Yet this is precisely how the majority of pigs used for breeding by the U.S. pork industry are kept .
The HSUS put a spotlight on this abuse today by releasing the details of undercover investigations we recently conducted at Oklahoma pig breeding facilities owned by two of the nation 's largest pork producers : Seaboard Foods and Prestage Farms . Seaboard is the nation 's third-largest pork company ( and a supplier to Walmart ) , and Prestage is the nation 's fifth-largest .
Seaboard 's own animal welfare advisor―the renowned Dr. Temple Grandin―is unequivocal on this issue : “ We 've got to treat animals right , and the gestation stalls have got to go . ”
In addition to documenting the chronic mental anguish suffered by pigs confined in this extreme way , our investigation also found workers hitting pigs in their genitals and pulling their hair to move them from one crate to another ; injured piglets with their hind legs duct-taped to their bodies ; and more .
Because our findings are in stark contrast to claims Seaboard makes about animal welfare ( such as that it uses “ the most humane practices ” ) , we 've filed legal complaints with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Federal Trade Commission urging the agencies to put an end to Seaboard 's deceptive statements .
No one in the pig industry should be surprised that there 's a growing drumbeat of opposition to extreme confinement of sows in gestation crates . After all , eight U.S. states have passed laws to phase in bans on gestation crates . And just last month , Smithfield Foods ( the nation 's largest pork producer ) announced that it will stop using gestation crates in its company-owned breeding facilities by 2017 . Cargill is 50 percent gestation crate-free .
Unfortunately , as our investigation reveals , Seaboard and Prestage have made little progress on the issue , and they keep sows in these crates every day of the year . Please encourage both companies to develop a plan for getting gestation crates out of their operations by contacting them today , and urge the companies that buy from these suppliers to stop doing so until the companies make changes .
We sat down with Patrik `` f0rest '' Lindberg in one of our final pre-interviews heading into ESL One Katowice to discuss his thoughts on NiP 's preparation for the event , among other things .
For ESL One Katowice , NiP have been drawn into a group with Keyd Stars , CLG and HellRaisers . Although the group is rife with upset potential , NiP are widely favoured to advance as first seed .
ESL One Katowice 2015 will be NiP 's first offline event with Finn Aleksi `` allu '' Jalli after he was drafted from 3DMAX to replace Mikail `` Maikelele '' Bill . This change also marks the first time in CS : GO that NiP have a non-Swedish player on their active lineup .
NiP are insanely consistent in making major finals ; can they do it again ?
In our interview below , Patrik `` f0rest '' Lindberg talks about how the team prepared for Katowice , his thoughts on the team 's newfound synergy , and other topics .
If you would like to browse any of our previous series of interviews , you can find them in the table below here :
How confident do you feel with your preparation going into ESL One Katowice ? Are you having a bootcamp or only practicing online ? Is there something you focused on in particular ? I feel that we are in a very good state when it comes to preparing for Katowice . We had one bootcamp with allu when he first joined for 3-4 days , and now once again we are bootcamping for 6 days before the event , to fine tune the last stuff . We have focused a lot to communicate well as a team and actually find the team spirit again , which is something I believed we lacked the past few months and I feel we are where we want to be again so I 'm stoked going in to Katowice . What do you think about your group ? Can you go through each team and tell us how you think you match-up against them ? Which two teams should be advancing to playoffs out of NiP , Keyd Stars , CLG and HellRaisers ? Our group would on paper be considered one of the easier groups at Katowice , but I feel like it is also a very scary one . KeyD is a team we ca n't get much information on so it will be hard to predict their playstyle , which could cause an upset . CLG showed some upset potential at MLG , but they are a team we 've looked into just to be prepared . And of course we have HellRaisers left which is always such a hard team to play against ( even though we did win quite comfortably over them at DHW ) ; they did beat us online proving great strength so as always we´ll prepare as well as we can and make sure we proceed . My prediction is NiP and CLG will advance . What is the minimum placing your team will be satisfied with in Katowice ? Do you feel any pressure to succeed , will you be extremely frustrated if you fail to reach your minimum goal ? Anything less than final would be disappointing , we 've fought hard every single major even when people did n't believe we could and we will continue to do so ! We as a team do n't feel any pressure going into Katowice , in our heads we are still number one we will just go in with guns blazing and make it to the final . Of course it would be frustrating if you would end up going out in groups or even in the quarterfinal but sometimes games might not go your way and that 's CS for you , but we just got ta make sure to minimize our mistakes as much as possible . The professional scene has probably never been as competitive as it is now going into this major , but who do you think will end up in the top four ? And who do you see as the most likely surprise , whether to win it all or get out of the groups ahead of some big favorites ? I think it will be us , fnatic , Virtus.pro and LGB .
NiP interview after the grand final
The Ninjas will find anything short of a grand final run disappointing
Is there a player or two in your team who you will hope to make the biggest impact in order for the team to achieve its goal ? Looking at how our practicing has been going it feels nice knowing that we do not rely on one guy to do the job , we work as a team , get the frags as a team and we win as a team . That 's something I 've been missing in the past months so it feels great . Everyone knows their job and everyone will pour their hearts out to make sure they succeed at it . How has allu adapted to your team 's playstyle and how did the team adapt to his ? Will we see a significant change in NiP 's strategy and general playstyle ? I am very surprised how well he came into the team and how he had the same mindset when it came to playing the game , he came in with great ideas and we managed to work a lot of stuff out quite quickly after he joined , sure we 've done a few great changes to our game which people will get to see over at Katowice . How is the communication working out ? Is allu making progress in Swedish ? How much does he still need to talk in English ? The communication is going okay , he has n't learned to speak Swedish fluently , of course , and sometimes we call stuff in English and so will he , in general all the talking comes naturally for everyone so it 's not something we worry or think about too much . We have a nice flow when we play and it 's all that matters to us . With the addition of allu NiP became an international team for the first time . Do you think this could be the future of the scene , international teams where language barriers are overcome with practice , or will most teams continue to seek and develop local talent ? I do actually hope it becomes more international , there are a lot of talented players in different countries , and they might not be able to find a team in their home country so I believe the next step is to look more globally , a lot of players speak very good english so it should n't be a problem . And also looking at DotA2 it seems to be working , and they need to communicate quite fast as well when teamfights breaks out . There has been an increasingly high number of online leagues and cups lately . How did participating in them affect your team , do you think it helped in preparation or damaged you somehow ? And how does it affect the scene in general in your opinion ? I feel it 's both good and bad in some ways . Good side is that you get to practice your stuff during important games rather then just do the strats on practice all the time , people tend to play differently on practice and official games . The bad side is that it can also become too many tournaments to keep track of and it might make people lose interest in watching the games , at the moment I think we´re fine but if more tournaments pop up and more online leagues it will just be official games every day with the same teams and it might make people less interested . What does your team think about the changes to Overpass and Cobblestone ? Are the changes for the better or worse ? Have you practiced them ? I like the changes they did , it opens up more possibilities for T 's which has been lacking on those maps . And looking at how the “ meta ” is right now it feels that T side is a lot stronger than lets say four months ago which should make the maps more interesting . We 've practiced both maps quite a lot just to be as prepared as we can be . Do you like the current state of the pistols , Tec-9 and CZ-75 in particular ? Would you make any changes to them or are they all finally balanced enough for competitive play ? I think the CZ-75 is in the right spot at the moment and they should leave that one alone ! Regarding the Tec-9 , I think a few tweaks might be neccessary .
allu 's communication has reportedly improved within the team
What is your stance on the current tournament system in the majors ? Ever since DreamHack Winter 2013 , the system has remained the same with a BO1 group stage , as well as a playoff spot securing a place in the next major . Would you change it in some way or keep it the same going forward ? The one thing I do n't like is the BO1 groupstage I would much rather see either straight to playoffs with BO3 WB and LB , or do it as DotA2 The International where every single team is in one big groupstage to make it more interesting for people to watch . Since the start of 2015 the prize money in most tournaments started rising fast . Although no single tournament “ outweighs ” the majors yet , do you think that time will come ? ESL One Katowice will be a huge event nevertheless - do you expect the viewership record to be broken ? How many people do you estimate will watch the grand final this time ? I think we 're reaching the point when other tournaments will start to pick up , which some already have ! And it 's so much hype / viewers going on with CS which should encourage some tournaments to go bigger . At the rate CS is growing , I think we for sure will see another viewer record being broken , my guess is 700k , with enough hype and 2 entertaining teams ( VP vs. NiP rematch anyone ? ) or any other team with some history behind them .
The remaining interviews will be forthcoming today and of course tomorrow we will go live with immediate coverage at ESL One Katowice 2015 .
Follow HLTV.org 's stich on Twitter
Bangladesh 247 ( Tamim 58 , Neesham 4-53 , Anderson 4-40 ) beat New Zealand 207 ( Taylor 45 , Mortaza 3-43 , Gazi 3-34 ) by 40 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Mominul Haque and Sohag Gazi shared five wickets between them © AFP
After their famous 4-0 win against the same opposition at home in 2010 , another clean sweep beckoned for Bangladesh after they wrapped up the second ODI by 40 runs . Bangladesh defended 247 and their decision to bat first was vindicated despite concerns over the spinners ' effectiveness with a dew-laden ball .
Bangladesh made the two new balls count . Mashrafe Mortaza , who took three wickets , bowled two good spells to make sure New Zealand 's required run-rate never went down . Offspinner Sohag Gazi took the other new ball , and like Mashrafe , tied down the batsmen at first before picking up three wickets . Mominul Haque was Mushfiqur Rahim 's golden arm , removing the McCullum brothers .
When they began their chase of 248 runs , Hamish Rutherford was the first to go , chopping a Mashrafe delivery onto his stumps for 1 , repeating his score from the first match . Anton Devcich and Grant Elliott were removed off successive deliveries a little while later , the former popping a catch back to Gazi and the latter getting stuck on the crease to Abdur Razzak , and falling leg-before .
As the chase began to gather pace , the visitors pinned their hopes on the captain Brendon McCullum to make his first significant score on this tour . It remained that way , as he fell just when his partnership with Ross Taylor was starting to worry Bangladesh .
After the second drinks break , McCullum went back to a Mominul delivery that did n't turn much , missed it and was given out leg-before . In the next over , Tom Latham was run out thanks to Rubel Hossain 's throw after Taylor sent him back after completing the first run . James Neesham was caught off a short ball from Gazi , caught by a diving Naeem Islam at square leg .
Gazi picked up the crucial wicket of Taylor just after he had smashed a six at the end of the batting Powerplay . That wicket - the eighth falling with the score on 158 - spelled the end of New Zealand 's resistance in this series , as Bangladesh waited for the inevitable . Kyle Mills and Nathan McCullum held things up for a while before Nathan McCullum holed out at long-on in the 46th over . The end came when Tim Southee missed Mashrafe 's straight ball in the 47th over .
Bangladesh , on the other hand , were off to a better start with the bat , but none of their batsmen pushed on for a big score . The New Zealand bowlers were accurate and controlled their bowling variations . The Bangladesh batsmen had to be patient , but were often frustrated as they could not get on top of the medium-pacers . Brendon McCullum set planned fields , packing the off side and to his credit , he was backed by the bowlers and the fielders .
Corey Anderson and Neesham both took four wickets , after Southee and Kyle Mills restricted the Bangladesh openers with tight spells with the two new balls . Their tidiness in the first 35 overs paid off when Bangladesh lost three quick wickets after the 36th over , at the start of the batting Powerplay , Bangladesh 's scourge . It set them back for the last nine overs during which they added only 63 runs and lost four wickets .
Mushfiqur , Naeem and Nasir Hossain fell in the space of eleven balls , which took them from 169 for 3 to 173 for 6 . All three dismissals were soft and the shots played , particularly that of Mushfiqur and Naeem , were unnecessary .
The top and middle-order batsmen threw away good starts . The openers , Tamim Iqbal and the debutant Shamsur Rahman began steadily with a stand of 63 . Tamim was the enforcer , but the debutant Shamsur was relatively sedate during his 25 . Tamim drove stylishly through the covers and his only six , down the ground off Southee in the ninth over , was his best shot .
Mominul struck five boundaries , one of them straight down the ground and another flicked through midwicket . But he fell to a trap , pulling a slower ball from Anderson to Nathan McCullum at deep midwicket .
Soon after , Tamim got stuck in the forties for 18 balls , before reaching his 25th ODI fifty off 75 balls . He was finally dismissed by inside edging Anderson 's slower ball onto his stumps , after missing on several wild swishes . As the sun set below Mirpur 's horizon , the home crowd looked disappointed that the batsmen failed to capitalise , but the mood changed as the evening wore on .
Batting is an area that still needs improvement , but with an inspired bowling performance such as this , Mushfiqur need not give himself and the rest of the batsmen the hair-dryer . With cricket being one of the unifying factors in the country , celebrations are expected everywhere .
Mohammad Isam is ESPNcricinfo 's Bangladesh correspondent . He tweets here
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
John R. Allen is commander of the NATO International Security Assistance Force and U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
We can achieve what we set out to do in Afghanistan , defeating al-Qaeda and denying it a haven , but that depends on achieving an Afghanistan that can stand on its own .
I recently attended a celebration here to commemorate Afghanistan 's 93rd year of independence . I was struck by the hope and the strengthening of the Afghans ' national identity and their determination to grip their country 's future . Most Americans do not get to see Afghans ' commitment to their country or the improving security that has emerged from our fight together . But I do . And I am confident that , with the international community 's commitment , we can consolidate our gains and build a durable peace in a part of the world vital to U.S. national security .
This moment in Afghan history has arrived not by accident or luck but in the wake of powerful events : the growing strength and capability of Afghan security forces ; the signing of bilateral and multilateral strategic partnerships ; and the international community 's pledge of substantial support for the next decade .
These accomplishments have been borne on the backs of remarkable allied and Afghan forces — those serving today and those who have gone before . Their tremendous sacrifices are creating security conditions that , finally , are bringing a real sense of confidence to the Afghan people .
We will not allow our efforts to be derailed by the so-called “ green-on-blue ” attacks — Afghans shooting coalition troops — that have received so much attention recently . Each instance is a tragedy , and we mourn every loss . I have stood on the ramps of airfields here as we 've sent home our fallen heroes . I take personally the loss of every member of the International Security Assistance Force . Afghan and international leaders at all levels are devoting unprecedented time and effort to reduce this threat . We have implemented measures to better protect our troops ; we have helped build an Afghan force of close to 350,000 ; and Afghans are leading security operations in three-quarters of the country . This momentum is irreversible .
But the real story here is green andblue . Every day , hundreds of thousands of Afghan soldiers and police across this nation work and fight side by side with coalition troops to defeat our common enemies and protect the civilian population . We interact closely on numerous operations , extending security for the Afghan people .
The focus on “ green-on-blue ” attacks obscures the callous slaughter of Afghan civilians by insurgents led by Mohammad Omar . He has the blood of innocents on his hands even though he hypocritically tells his subordinates not to attack civilians . Either he is out of touch , or his forces are out of control . Perhaps that should be no surprise . Omar lives in Pakistan , as do many of his “ commanders. ” From that safe vantage point , they 've sent hundreds of young , impressionable , largely spiritual and helpless youths to their deaths and detention in Afghanistan . For this , they must forfeit their honor and any claim to Islamic virtue .
And they are losing . “ Green ” and “ blue ” have been taking the fight to the red enemy , the Taliban , and the enemy is fighting back from a position of weakness . His forces have largely been ejected from most of the relevant population areas , and from among the most relevant terrain in Afghanistan , the Afghan people . Omar is losing financial support from donors , who are sending their money elsewhere , and from reduced drug profits , thanks to Afghan and coalition efforts to stamp out the poppy harvest . Finally , Afghan security forces are increasing in number and quality every day . The area controlled by allied and Afghan forces reaches into Taliban support zones that had long been inaccessible . With each atrocity , assassination and depredation inflicted on innocent Afghans , the insurgents further distance themselves from the Afghan people and their faith , for there is a distinctive Islamic prohibition against murdering innocent civilians or benefiting from the scourge of drugs and abject criminality .
This is playing out in another important color combination : white on red . The Afghan population is organizing to drive the hated Taliban from their villages . This movement is emerging in areas where the heavy hand of the Taliban has created a popular groundswell against the insurgents .
These trends speak well for the future of Afghanistan , but the international community should know these gains are fragile , and reversible , if we lose our will to succeed .
U.S. , allied and Afghan security forces will continue to deal with “ green-on-blue ” attacks . We will mourn our precious dead , but we will not permit this threat to derail the progress being made by coalition and Afghan forces . We also resolve to protect the civilian population , the “ white , ” from the scourge of the Taliban , the “ red . ”
This struggle is far from over , but the solution will be found in our growing strength and will not be defined by incidents of “ green-on-blue ” violence . Our cause is right , our determination is clear and our sacrifices have not been in vain . We are , in fact , prevailing .
More than 100,000 people want to fly to Mars in 2022 - and never come back
The Mars One mission aims to take four settlers to live on Mars in 2022 - forever
More than 100,000 people , including 30,000 Americans , have applied so far
More than 100,000 people have applied to be a part of the Mars One project , which aims to colonize the red planet starting in 2022 .
Out of the thousands , 40 people will be selected . Of the 40 , just four will participate in the first passage to Mars , which is scheduled to leave in September 2022 and land seven months later in April 2023 .
None of the four will ever return to Earth .
Mission to Mars : The selected candidates will live in pressurized cabins equipped with 'plant production units ' for growing food
More than 30,000 Americans have applied for the chance to be the very first settlers on Mars , paying a $ 38 application fee .
The audacious project is the brainchild of a Dutch company run by CEO and creator Bas Lansdorp .
Lansdrop to ld CNN tha t the price based is on the gross domestic product per capita of different nations . For example , Mexicans pay a $ 15 application fee .
'We wanted it to be high enough for people to have to really think about it and low enough for anyone to be able to afford it , ' Lansdorp said .
The very first mission to Mars will cost $ 6 billion , according to Lansdorp .
Desolate : The first four settlers on Mars will have to contend with a cold , hostile planet and the knowledge that they 'll never see their loved ones again
He intends to fund the mission by creating a 'reality TV ' series about the mission , documenting everything from the astronauts ' training on Earth right through to touch-down on Mars and their daily lives once on the planet .
Sponsors and media agencies would pay to broadcast the Mars mission .
'What we want to do is tell the story to the world . When humans go to Mars , when they settle on Mars and build a new Earth , a new planet . This is one of the most exciting things that ever happened , and we want to share the story with the entire world , ' Lansdorp said .
Another second group of four will leave two years after the first .
Wannabe astronauts : View some of the potential space travellers on Mars One 's website
The astronauts will complete eight years of training . According to the Mars One website , candidates will be isolated from the world for a few months every two years in groups of four in simulation facilities , to test how they respond to living in close quarter with just three other people .
They 'll be trained in 'physical and electrical repairs to the settlement structures , cultivating crops in confined spaces , and addressing both routine and serious medical issues such as dental upkeep , muscle tears and bone fractures . '
The seven to eight month journey will be 'arduous ' . There will be no showers and only canned or freeze-dried food . Astronauts must complete three hours of exercise a day to maintain muscle mass .
The atmosphere on Mars is so thin that settlers wo n't be able to go outside without a space suit . Cabins will need to be pressurized at all times .
The point of no return : Once the newest Martians take off in their spacecraft , they 'll never touch back down on Earth - no return mission is planned
There is no vegetation on the planet , but the Mars One settlers will begin to grow crops in specially designed 'plant production units ' .
By the admission of Mars One , 'You could say that most people would rather lose a leg than live the rest of their life on a cold , hostile planet , having said goodbye to friends and family forever , the best possible video call suffering from a seven minute delay - one way . '
So just who are these would-be astronauts ?
Number one : A potential Mars One astronaut shows his support of the mission
Generous : Sean Holt has offered to make tinfoil hats for his fellow Mars astronauts should he be successful
Bailey , 19 , from Arizona says she wants to be the first musician on Mars . ' I see this trip as an artistic opportunity , as well as a scientific one , ' she says .
' I 'm willing to dedicate my life to this mission , but I have a very positive outlook . I 'm very light-hearted , and I love to joke around , ' she says , before cracking some highly questionable jokes .
A love of Star Wars and Star Trek seems to be a common thread with many applicants .
Live from Mars : 19-year-old Bailey wants to be the first musician on Mars
Ready : John says his life experience , including a successful career , three children and a divorce has prepared him to dedicate the rest of his life settling on Mars
Sean Holt , 18 , of Australia , says he has to go on the Mars One mission in order to escape aliens who are seeking him . He says will make all his fellow travelers tin foil hats .
John , 50 , says his life experience - even his divorce - have 'forged ' him a perfect candidate for the mission .
The UFC 174 main card is now complete with the addition of a light heavyweight pairing between Canada 's Ryan Jimmo and surging contender Ovince St. Preux . Full details on the breaking news inside .
The main card for UFC 174 in Vancouver is now complete with the addition of a light heavyweight battle between Canadian Ryan Jimmo and No . 14-ranked Ovince St. Preux .
UFC sources confirmed the bout earlier this morning .
Jimmo got back into the win column last month with a first-round knockout win over newcomer Sean O'Connell as part of the TUF Nations Finale in Quebec City , caching O'Connell with a nasty right hand late in the opening frame . The finish earned “ Big Deal ” one of the two Performance of the Night bonuses for the event .
A former linebacker at the University of Tennessee , St. Preux collected a bonus check in his last appearance as well when he earned a first-round submission win over Nikita Krylov with a rarely seen Von Flue Choke in the opening bout of the UFC 171 pay-per-view card .
With the light heavyweight division currently in a state of flux , the contest could launch the victor into the Top 10 of the 205-pound ranks .
After pushing his winning streak to 17 with a record-tying seven-second knockout victory over Anthony Perosh in his UFC debut , injuries hampered Jimmo in two of his next three bouts , both of which were losses . But the 32-year-old Nova Scotia native , who now trains with Ryan Bader and C.B . Dollaway at Power MMA in Gilbert , Arizona , looked impressive in his return to the win column last month and will be looking to do his post-fight robot victory dance in front of the Canadian fans for a second time .
St. Preux struggled out of the gate , earning just three wins in his first seven fights as he transitioned from the gridiron to the grind of professional fighting . But beginning with a September 2010 victory in Puerto Rico , “ OSP ” has been on a roll , rattling off 12 wins in his last 13 outings . The only setback in that time came against former Strikeforce light heavyweight champion Gegard Mousasi .
The addition of Jimmo and St. Preux brings the fight tally for the June 14 event at Rogers Arena to 10 . Here 's a look at how the card breaks down as of right now :
Demetrious Johnson vs. Ali Bagautinov — for the UFC flyweight championship
Rory MacDonald vs. Tyron Woodley
Ryan Bader vs. Rafael “ Feijao ” Cavalcante
Brendan Schaub vs. Andrei Arlovski
Ryan Jimmo vs. Ovince St. Preux
Daniel Sarafian vs. Kiichi Kunimoto
Yves Jabouin vs. Mike Easton
Roland Delorme vs. Michinori Tanaka
Germaine de Randemie vs. Milena Dudevia
Kajan Johnson vs. Tae Hyun Bang
UFC 174 takes place on Saturday , June 14 at Rogers Arena . Tickets are on sale now through Ticketmaster .
As always , stay tuned to Keyboard Kimura for all your UFC news , information and analysis .
Jul 25 , 2017 at 13:28 // News
Nina Lyon Author
By Sunday , July 23 , more than 95 % of miners had voted for Segregated Witness , defined in BIP 141 , activation .
Now , almost all the miners are supporting SegWit . Mining pools that have not yet joined in support of BIP91 or BIP141 remain in the minority and their blocks will be ignored by the Network until they update their software .
What 's next ?
Since most miners support BIP141 , it will be activated when the threshold of mining power reaches 95 % .
Bitcoin Improvement Proposal 91 ( BIP 91 ) was already locked in on July 20 and the Bitcoin price rose sharply . Now , the price of Bitcoin may face another wave of volatility .
Last week , Mattia Rizzi , electronic trading and blockchain expert at Société Générale Corporate and Investment Banking , shared his personal opinion on the coming Bitcoin price volatility due to SegWit with Coinidol.com :
“ My personal view is that we are likely to expect persistent volatility for the next few months , at least until the beginning of November when Segwit2X proposed hard fork to 2MB blocks is expected to happen . Especially crucial will be the next few weeks to determine whether SegWit will be activated by August 1st . Although now > 80 % of miners are signaling Segwit this is no guarantee that they will keep doing so until Segwit is activated .
It is possible that a number of miners decide to stop signaling BIP91 before Aug 1st , as a consequence < 80 % of miners will be producing blocks signaling Segwit .
That will basically result in a User Activated Soft Fork ( UASF ) as some nodes will run BIP148 ( UASF ) and not accept any blocks non signaling Segwit , resulting in a separate BIP148 only chain .
I deem the risk of a Bitmain UAHF as non-existent .
However if that is not the case and Segwit is activated in August , we will have to take into account the variable of the 2MB block-size increase hard-fork in November , which will likely ( but not necessarily ) result in bearish pressure on BTC price .
As a result although I am personally still bullish on Bitcoin , I am of the idea that in turbulent times such as these it is important to hedge effectively against unexpected price moves , whether through FIAT currency or other cryptocurrency .
As ultimately we can only speculate on what will happen over the next few weeks , a good risk management strategy is essential to achieve a maximum risk/reward ratio and long-term profitability on one 's portfolio . ”
At DT , we take pride in creating unique themes for each of our meeting rooms . We choose the theme based on what inspires us , such as Mid-Century furniture or Thomas Edison 's workshop . We pin ideas for color , furnishings and style , but let 's be honest , great interior design is no easy feat . Once the decor is installed , something always seems to be missing ; an element to tie the room together and go from a pleasant meeting room to a masterpiece .
So , we did what any self-respecting UX company would do , we made a pitcher of Caucasians , packed a bowling pin pipe with inspiration and cranked out a new app to solve the problem .
Introducing Tie It Together
Our data scientists ( the same guys behind Filament.io ) were able to develop a sophisticated , patent-pending algorithm that uses many data points from the room , such as dimensions , colors , shapes , textures and more , to generate the missing element to tie it together .
Here 's how it works .
Simply open the app , take a picture of the room in question . Now , hit the “ Tie It Together ” ( TIT for short ) button and voilà , the missing element of your room is perfectly suggested .
To make things even easier , Tie It Together will search our database of vendors and find the best price for the missing element to tie your room together .
Disclaimer : Our initial working model only generates a rug as a suggestion , but let 's be honest , it does tie the room together , does it not ?
“ Not on the rug…man . ”
Identity confusion : Whether your last name is Smith or Lebowski , it could happen to you . Let 's say that someone with your last name owes money to known pornographers around town , and their cronies come to mistakenly collect from you . It 's a known fact that if you refuse payment , cronies are known to pee on your rug as an intimidation tactic .
Never fear , each rug ordered with Tie It Together is automatically covered with the 1-year Carpet Pisser Warranty . So rest assured , we 've got your back .
Twice a year , Mission cocktail bar Trick Dog launches a new menu constructed around a different theme , ranging from a record album to a calendar of dogs . For its ninth menu , owners Josh Harris , Scott Baird , and their team ( a.k.a . The Bon Vivants ) called upon 14 local artists to create public murals around the city , including a collaborative mural by some of the artists on the bar 's exterior .
The resulting menu is actually a book , `` Trick Dog Mural Project , '' that includes photos of all 14 murals , as well as a menu with cocktails named for each of the artists .
Photo : Courtesy of Trick Dog
Trick Dog is selling the book for $ 40 , with $ 20 from each book purchase benefiting local nonprofits Precita Eyes and Creativity Explored . ( The remaining $ 20 will go towards production costs , Harris said . ) No proceeds from any of the cocktails sold will go to charity .
The project was coordinated by artists Sam Flores and Ronnie Buders , who also painted murals for it . To ensure the menu stayed secret , Buders explained , they did n't tell the artists for whom they were painting the murals—only that they would be for a charitable cause . The artists were n't paid for the murals , though the bar did cover the cost of supplies .
Some of the artists learned the source of the project just after the new year , when they were invited to paint the collaborative mural ; others only found out after the project had launched , some of them via Instagram .
Interested in seeing the 13 other murals in the project for yourself ? Here 's where you can find them , along with links to the artists ' work and previous Hoodline coverage of them .
Castro/Duboce Triangle
We caught wind of both of the Castro 's mural contributions late last month , when we were told they were part of a mysterious `` charitable book project . ''
In keeping with his moniker , Bigfoot 's contribution depicts a group of Sasquatch-like creatures . `` It depicts the conflict between the respect for nature held by the cast of Bigfoot characters and the destructive agenda of mankind , '' he told us in December .
This mural is a bit tough to find : it 's hidden in the parking lot adjacent to Lucky 13 ( 2140 Market St. , at Church ) .
Photo : steven bracco/hoodline
Greg `` Pnut '' Galinsky 's mural has a calligraphy-like design that resembles Sanskrit and Farsi—a hallmark of the artist 's work . It 's on the Sanchez Street side of the Catarra Real Estate building at Sanchez & Market .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Dogpatch
Kelly Tunstall & Ferris Plock 's mural is the only one in the project that 's indoors , but Trick Dog would n't tell us what building it 's inside—only that it 's at 3rd and 22nd streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
You 'll also have to hunt for the contribution from mural project co-organizer Ronnie Buders—it 's somewhere on Pier 70 .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Mission
Project co-organizer Sam Flores ' colorful floral mural is located at Valencia and 17th streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Optimist 's mural is just a short walk from Trick Dog , at Treat and 19th streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Mission Bay
Known for his work in the Mission , Sirron Norris ventured out to Mission Bay to paint one of his famed `` blue bears '' at 4th Street and Mission Bay North Boulevard .
Photo : Sonya Yu
( A bonus mural to check out : Norris was also the lead illustrator for Fox 's popular animated show Bob 's Burgers , and back in November , he painted a mural of lead characters Bob & Linda Belcher on the roll-down gate of Rhea 's Cafe—located just a block from Trick Dog , at 20th and Bryant streets . )
SoMa
Strider 's abstract piece adorns the side of bar and nightclub Monarch , located at 6th and Mission streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Rogelio Martinez 's colorful skull is located on the exterior of screenprinting shop Babylon Burning , at 5th and Bluxome streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Tenderloin
You may recognize Brian Barneclo 's work if you 've ever ridden Caltrain : he 's the artist behind the giant mural in the Caltrain rail yard at 7th & Townsend , which was the largest mural in SF at the time it was painted in 2011 .
His smaller mural for the project is located on the side of Chambers restaurant at the Phoenix Hotel , which is at Eddy and Larkin streets .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Upper Haight
Mel Waters ' contribution to the project , which depicts Jerry Garcia , has been in progress since the summer . You can find it at Haight and Cole streets . To learn more about Waters , who 's known for work that pays homage to famous figures like Prince , Gandhi , and more , check out our interview with him from June .
Mel Waters putting the final touches on his Jerry Garcia mural . | Photo : Alisa Scerrato/Hoodline
Van Ness
Norman `` Vogue '' Chuck 's mural of a stormtrooper can be found at Van Ness and Market , on the side of the soon-to-be-demolished All Star Cafe .
Photo : Sonya Yu
Jeremy Fish 's mural depicting a bunny-wrapped `` turkey sandwich '' is located on the exterior of a restaurant that specializes in them ( minus the bunnies , of course ) : Tommy 's Joynt , at Geary and Van Ness .
Photo : Sonya Yu
On January 29th , the bar plans to hold a book signing event at the bar , with all of the artists invited to attend . Stay tuned to Trick Dog 's website for more details .
On March 22 , Nvidia unveiled its first `` Kepler '' -based graphics card . Branded as the GeForce GTX 680 , the card is powered by a 28nm GPU codenamed GK104 that crams 3540 million transistors into a 294mm2 die . That 's an improvement from the 40nm GTX 580 , which has 540 million fewer transistors yet is almost three times larger , and it partly highlights the overall goal of Kepler : improved efficiency .
This refinement is visible in all aspects of the card , not least of which is raw performance . Based on Fermi 's second-generation Streaming Multiprocessor ( SM ) architecture , the GTX 580 has 512 CUDA cores , 48 ROP ( Raster Operations ) units and 64 TAU ( Texture Addressing Units ) . The GTX 680 ramps that up to a massive 1536 CUDA cores , 128 TAUs and 32 ROPs , bringing loads of horsepower to the race .
A few changes have been made to the clock speeds while the Shader clock has been removed entirely . Instead , everything now runs off the core clock , which now also features what Nvidia calls a `` Boost Clock , '' a technology akin to Intel 's Turbo Boost . By default , the GTX 680 comes clocked at 1006MHz -- already 30 % higher than the reference GTX 580 -- with a dynamically changing Boost Clock of 1058MHz . Meanwhile , the GDDR5 memory frequency has increased 50 % from 4008MHz to a blistering 6008MHz .
With the Radeon HD 7970 only being on average 9 % faster than the GTX 580 , AMD priced itself into a corner with its flagship originally set at $ 549 . However , the company responded quickly by reducing prices on much of its HD 7000 series , putting the HD 7970 at $ 479 , just under the GTX 680 's $ 499 suggested rate .
We were surprised AMD acted so fast . Although the GTX 680 is quicker than the HD 7970 , Nvidia 's card is still only available in limited quantities -- if at all . As of writing , Newegg does n't have a single card available and Amazon has low stock warnings on most GTX 680s . While Nvidia struggles to meet demand , board partners have been busy crafting custom cards . Because we did n't get a reference sample last month , our GTX 680 review will showcase one of the special edition products instead , meet the Gainward GTX 680 Phantom ...
GTX 680 Phantom in Detail
A week after the GTX 680 's release , Gainward unveiled its elite Phantom edition card , touting a re-worked PCB with an upgraded power phase , factory overclocking and a massive triple slot cooler -- the last of which is the most noteworthy change . Although Gainward featured its Phantom cooler on some GTX 500 series cards , the GTX 680 is the first to market with the company 's second-generation solution .
The Phantom II features the same elegant design as its predecessor , but delivers better thermals while making less noise and has a sturdier construction . It 's unlike any triple-slot cooler we 've encountered before as its heatsink features five 6mm heatpipes that extract heat from the base and evenly distribute it throughout the heatsink . The most unusual part of this design is the fans , or rather their location .
Whereas fans are typically attached to the top side of the heatsink , Gainward has instead embedded two extremely quiet 80mm PWM fans directly inside the heatsink . The company claims that its factory-overclocked GTX 680 is six degrees cooler and 11.5dB quieter than a reference GeForce GTX 680 . This is particularly impressive when you consider the efficiency gains Nvidia made with the stock design .
The heatsink measures 225mm long , 70mm wide and 40mm tall ( 8.85in x 2.75in x 1.57in ) . It features a black fan shroud that forces the 80mm fans to draw air in through fins above them and push it over fins below them at the same time . Moving past the heatsink is a black aluminum heat spreader that engulfs the top side of the card and cools the eight 256MB GDDR5 memory chips along with the 6-phase PWM .
By using a 6-phase design , Gainward includes two extra phases for power delivery to the GPU , which should improve performance under heavy loads and aid in the cards overclocking abilities . Not only is the overclocking potential of this card improved but so is its efficiency while the choke noise and EMI noise also be reduced .
Speaking of overclocking , Gainward has done a little bit of the heavy lifting by pushing the core clock from 1006MHz to 1084MHz , a mild 8 % increase , while the Boost Clock is increased from 1058MHz to 1150MHz , a 9 % increase . The GDDR5 operating frequency has also been raised 5 % from 6008MHz to 6300MHz , meaning the memory bandwidth has been boosted 5 % from 192.2GB/s to 201.6GB/s .
The rest of Gainward 's card remains fairly standard , including a pair of SLI connectors , 6-pin and 8-pin PCIe power connectors , and an I/O panel configuration consisting of HDMI , DisplayPort and two DVI ports .
Source :
http : //thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/120913-laura-bush-opens-national-book-festival-with-passage-on-911-attacks
By Jordy Yager - 09/25/10 12:46 PM ET
Former First Lady Laura Bush launched the 10th annual National Book Festival on the National Mall on Saturday by reading a passage about the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks from her new book .
Bush , a former librarian , pioneered the first National Book Festival with the Library of Congress in 2001 just three days before the attacks . And Librarian of Congress James Billington introduced Bush on Saturday as the “ reader in chief of the United States of America . ”
With Secret Service agents lining the perimeter and the aisles of the large open-flapped tent , Bush received standing ovations from a crowd of more than 500 people as she entered and exited to read from her book “ Spoken From the Heart , ” released in May .
In the months before President George W. Bush 's administration came to a close , his wife said she began to get calls from publishers asking when she was going to write her memoirs .
“ I realized there was in fact a lot I wanted to say , ” she said . “ Our years in Washington , the first decade of the new century were as consequential as almost any other time in our history . We lived through the most vicious attack on our homeland in the history of our nation . ”
Reading from her book , Bush recalled the morning of September 11 , 2001 . She was headed to Capitol Hill to testify before the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee on early childhood development .
The planes struck the World Trade Center while she was en route and as she arrived at the Russell Senate Office Building the late Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D-Mass . ) greeted her . As the news footage of the smoking buildings shone on the television in his office , Kennedy gave Bush a tour of the workplace he had inhabited for years , she said .
“ My skin was starting to crawl , ” Bush read . “ I wanted to leave to find out what was going on , to process what I was seeing . But I felt trapped in an endless cycle of pleasantries . It did not occur to me to say , ‘ Senator Kennedy , what about the towers ? ' I simply followed his lead . ”
“ And he may have feared that if we actually began to contemplate what had happened in New York I might dissolve into tears . ”
After the third plane hit the Pentagon , Bush was whisked to the Secret Service 's headquarters where she would stay until reuniting with President Bush in Washington D.C. later that evening .
Bush also spoke of meeting female political candidates in Kuwait , women who had their fingernails pulled out by the Taliban in Afghanistan for wearing nail polish , and heroic aid workers in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina .
“ In my book I wanted to give voice to all of these remarkable people , ” she said .
Bush said she 's reading the novel “ Cutting for Stone ” by Abraham Verghese released last year , and that she just finished reading “ My Name is Mary Sutter , ” a work of historical fiction by Robin Oliveira .
She said President George W. Bush is reading “ Bonhoeffer : Pastor , Martyr , Prophet , Spy ” by Eric Metaxas , a biography of Dietrich Bonhoeffer , a German Lutheran pastor who was a leader in the German Resistance movement against the Nazis .
Jack Shafer is Politico 's senior media writer .
If the president 's most ardent supporters on the Fox News Channel , at pro-Trump websites and at other anti-anti-Trump outposts get their way , we might find five or six new special counsels under the tree on Christmas morning to investigate special counsel Robert S. Mueller 's investigation .
Mueller 's critics are n't ticked off by what he has accomplished—the guilty pleas ( George Papadopoulos and Michael Flynn ) or the criminal charges ( Paul Manafort and Rick Gates ) . Those cases seem rock solid . Nor did many of his current critics find fault with him when he was appointed by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . They found him to be of unimpeachable character and high credentials . But now that he 's drawing a noose around the president , they have turned on him , alleging behind-the-scenes acts of bias and conflict of interest by the Mueller team . The only correctives possible , they say , are new investigations to uproot all the Mueller bias and conflict . Mueller , once worshiped as a terrific Republican cop , must be taken down a peg .
Story Continued Below
Several stories broken by Fox have energized the investigate-the-investigators movement . One Fox story points to the connections between Fusion GPS and Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and spouse , Nellie Ohr , connections the critics say taint the whole case against the president . Ohr was demoted last week , Fox implied , for meeting with Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson and Christopher Steele ( author of the Simpson-commissioned dossier ) just after the 2016 election . Nellie Ohr , Fox continues , worked for Fusion GPS during the campaign and , in the eyes of Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow , this cross-pollination constitutes “ obvious conflicts of interest. ” Sekulow demands a second special counsel to look into the matter . His call follows the November news about Attorney General Jeff Sessions contemplating a second special counsel to look into the Clinton Foundation 's connections with Uranium One , the pseudo-scandal that has replaced Benghazi among Hillary-haters .
Earlier this month , Senator Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) , tweeted a similar message : “ It 's long past time for a Special Counsel to investigate Clinton email scandal , Uranium One , role of Fusion GPS , and FBI and DOJ bias during 2016 campaign. ” In his Washington Post column , conservative talk show host Hugh Hewitt has called for an additional special counsel to delve into the words and deeds of FBI agent Peter Strzok , sacked from the Mueller team last summer after the discovery of anti-Trump text messages he sent to another Mueller team member ( and which the Department of Justice , in a controversial move , shared with reporters ) . Did Strzok “ tilt ” the investigation ? Hewitt asks . “ It 's time for Mueller to put up or shut up . If there 's evidence of collusion with Russia , let 's see it , ” said Representative Matt Gaetz ( R-Fla. ) this past week . The Mueller show , concurs President Donald Trump , is a waste of money , as he said—once again—in a tweet this week . His direct campaign against the investigation was captured in a Nov. 30 New York Times headline which read , “ Trump Pressed Top Republicans to End Senate Russia Inquiry. ” Meanwhile , former federal prosecutor Andrew C. McCarthy plugged in National Review for a special counsel to plunge into Iran 's nuclear weapons program to investigate “ any Obama-administration collusion in that enterprise. ” Not wanting to be left out of the game , Democrats claim that if any political bias contaminates the FBI , it 's anti-Clinton bias .
Given their way , Trump supporters will establish so many special counsels the offices will cease to be special . But they will have enough to field a reasonably competitive office softball team .
Of course , Trump loyalists in the House of Representatives have been advocating Mueller 's dismissal for months , insisting that only his departure will prevent his investigation from turning into a coup d'état . But for now the political balance appears to reside with Senate Republicans who , as the Washington Post reports , hope to “ shield ” him from interference . Mueller , these Republicans say , did the right thing when he learned of the anti-Trump texts . Even Graham conceded that point , saying , “ This FBI agent does n't taint Muller 's investigation , because Mueller 's going to be responsible for the final product . Mueller fired the guy , I liked that. ” Mueller 's boss , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein went to Capitol Hill to affirm his confidence in the special counsel— “ I believe he was an ideal choice for this task ” —and to deny that he has asked for the special counsel 's removal .
Also backing Mueller was Washington Post columnist David Ignatius , who wrote a convincing column sketching out the known-knowns of the Russia investigation . “ There is a growing , mostly undisputed body of evidence describing contacts between Trump associates and Russia-linked operatives , ” he wrote . Russian operatives hacked the computers of Trump 's opponents ; Trump expressed his affinity for Vladimir Putin throughout the campaign , and Trump aides echoed that affinity by taking or attempting to take Russia-friendly meetings . Russians made a pitch to deliver political dirt on Hillary Clinton to Trump 's son . Cambridge Analytica , hired to do research for the Trump campaign , asked WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange to share the hacked emails with it . Trump and the Trump camp demonstrated a familiarity with the hacks that raises suspicions .
Just before Trump 's inauguration , the Washington Post reported in a jumbo-sized piece ( 7,000 words ) this past week , his inner circle begged him to publicly acknowledge the message U.S. intelligence agencies had delivered to the higher echelons of government—that the Russians had interfered in the 2016 elections , and done so at the bargain basement price of about $ 500,000 . Trump bristled then as he does now at the thought that Putin 's people had helped him in any way . “ If you talk about Russia , meddling , interference—that takes the [ president 's daily brief ] off the rails , ” a former senior U.S. intelligence official told the paper . “ Rather than search for ways to deter Kremlin attacks or safeguard U.S. elections , Trump has waged his own campaign to discredit the case that Russia poses any threat and he has resisted or attempted to roll back efforts to hold Moscow to account , ” reports the Post .
Rob Goldstone , everybody 's favorite bit player in the Trump Tower scandal , reappeared this week . Goldstone , the publicist with a Russian roster , gained fame for scheduling the June 2016 meeting between Russians who claimed to have incriminating evidence on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Jr. , Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort . In a Washington Post story sourced to an email “ turned over to investigators , ” the paper asserts that Goldstone worked as early as July 2015 to arrange a meeting between candidate Trump and Vladimir Putin .
Goldstone claimed that his client Emin Agalarov ( son of oligarch Aras Agalarov ) could act as the go-between . In a July 24 , 2015 , email to Trump assistant Rhona Graff , Goldstone wrote , “ Maybe [ Trump ] would welcome a meeting with President Putin. ” Did Goldstone ( or Agalarov ) want Trump to meet Putin ? Or did they want Putin to meet Trump ? Or did they divine that Trump would want to meet Putin , so they sought to make it happen ? And why ?
The only way to find out for sure would be to appoint me as the umpteenth special counsel .
* * * * * *
At the rate we 're going , I 'll either be a special counsel or be targeted by one . Send incriminating evidence to Shafer.Politico @ gmail.com . My email alerts would cast the late John Candy as Goldstone in the movie version of the scandal . My Twitter blames all the election hacking on that mythic 400-pounder . My RSS feed , like Trump , sizzles whenever anybody mentions Russia .
This article tagged under : Swamp Diary
Potential changes at the agency could cost Michael Rogers his position as director and offer the president-elect an unexpected role in reshaping US intelligence
A potential structural change to the US surveillance apparatus has thrown the tenure of the National Security Agency director , Michael Rogers , into doubt and increased the likelihood that Donald Trump will have a chance to substantially reshape the US intelligence agencies .
Even before Trump 's presidential victory , which Rogers last week said followed efforts by “ a nation-state ” to influence the electoral outcome , US intelligence was roiled by FBI director James Comey 's unprecedented interference in the election . US intelligence is experiencing internal turmoil just as Trump is placing hardliners in key national security roles .
'Fearful ' national security officials prepare for major shift in US policy Read more
Sources confirmed to the Guardian on Saturday that Rogers ' job as head of the NSA was in jeopardy , as his superiors ponder a decision that would divorce the surveillance giant from its adjunct military command , the US Cyber Command ( Cybercom ) .
Since its 2010 inception , Cybercom , a cybersecurity and digital-attack entity , has been a conjoined twin with the surveillance and cryptographic specialists of the NSA . While the NSA collects vast communications and digital data and performs acts of subterfuge , Cybercom is charged with protecting US military networks and attacking the digital networks of foreign adversaries . Also since Cybercom 's inception , critics have fretted that the two missions – espionage and military operations in cyberspace – are not a natural fit .
A resolution to that debate has long been deferred , since the NSA 's technical expertise was considered essential to creating Cybercom . Rogers testified to Congress in 2015 that he “ strongly recommend [ s ] ” keeping both entities united .
But in recent years , splitting the so-called “ dual hat ” arrangement , whereby a single military officer runs both enterprises , has taken on momentum . James Clapper , the director of national intelligence ( DNI ) , has recommended the divorce .
“ I do think that we 've reached the point where each of these responsibilities , as , you know , the Cybercom commander and director of NSA , are large enough and of sufficient magnitude that they should be separate , ” Clapper told a New York audience last month .
Should the split go forward , Rogers would be a casualty . Sources said Ashton Carter , the US defense secretary , would replace Rogers at Cybercom . Carter has lost confidence in Rogers following high-profile security breaches at the NSA – precisely the situation Rogers was tapped in 2014 to prevent after whistleblower Edward Snowden 's disclosures . With a post-divorce NSA run by a civilian , instead of a general or flag officer , Rogers would be out of a job .
It is unclear whether Barack Obama will resolve the NSA-Cybercom future before leaving office . Clapper this week announced he would resign once Trump took office , a move likely to limit his influence over what is sure to be a contentious reshuffling – and one that Obama can not make unilaterally . The chairman of the Senate armed services committee , John McCain of Arizona , has vowed to reject the next NSA director if Obama “ prematurely ” separates the NSA and Cybercom .
The precariousness of Rogers ' directorship was first reported by the Washington Post . NSA representatives did not immediately return a request for comment .
On Saturday night , the chairman of the House intelligence committee , Republican Devin Nunes of California , reacted angrily after learning of the NSA turbulence not from the administration , but from the Washington Post .
Nunes sent a terse letter to Clapper and Carter demanding an immediate explanation or refutation of the Post 's claims , which were soon independently corroborated by other outlets , including the Guardian .
Threatening both senior officials with themselves potentially disclosing classified information , Nunes announced his intention to “ convene an open-session hearing at the earliest possible opportunity. ” Nunes instructed the cabinet-level officials to finish arranging the schedule by Monday .
With the hardline bent to Trump 's announced security advisers , the hearing is likely to attract great attention throughout the US intelligence and broader security communities .
Rogers may end up having a stabilizing force in Trump . The Post reported that Rogers , without notifying his superiors , met with Trump on Thursday in New York . On Friday , the Wall Street Journal reported that Rogers was Trump 's leading candidate to replace Clapper as DNI , though the Intercept reported the Trump team was considering abolishing the position altogether .
Should Rogers leave the NSA , Trump would have a freer hand to remake the surveillance giant in his image than supporters or critics expected . The NSA directorship is not tied to the presidential calendar , and Rogers ' predecessor , army Gen Keith Alexander , for example , served for nine years .
Trump has openly mused about having “ that power ” to hack his political adversaries , a position that has led Senator Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat on the intelligence committee , to vow opposition . McCain , speaking in Halifax on Saturday , warned Trump that he would reject a return to torture that Trump has long foreshadowed .
“ I do n't give a damn what the president wants to do … we will not waterboard . We will not torture people , ” McCain told the Halifax International Security Forum , according to the Daily Beast reporter Tim Mak .
But Trump 's national security team is filling with hardliners . His choice for CIA director , Mike Pompeo , a Kansas Republican in Congress , has called for a surveillance expansion and views personal use of encryption as grounds for suspicion . Like Pompeo , Trump 's pick for national security adviser , Mike Flynn , has implied that Muslims in general are complicit in terrorism . On the campaign trail , Trump proposed keeping a database of US Muslims .
Michael Flynn will be a disaster as national security adviser | Richard Wolffe Read more
It is unclear what relationship Trump will have with the FBI , where he has substantial rank-and-file support . Days before the election , Comey publicly suggested a renewed investigative focus on Hillary Clinton – which Clinton believes cost her the White House – only to reverse himself in the final moments .
Observers have been split over whether Comey 's days at the bureau are numbered , and the director is not known to have met with Trump since the election .
At Trump Tower on Saturday , the president-elect took a meeting with retired Marine Corps general Jim Mattis , whom conservatives attempted to convince to run for president against Trump .
Trump has yet to decide on a Pentagon chief . A leading contender , Alabama senator Jeff Sessions , has been tapped for attorney general . Mattis , a revered figure in military circles , would need a waiver from Congress to become defense secretary as he has not been retired from the military for the requisite seven years .
Kei Kamara is one of Major League Soccer 's most outspoken figures , a consistent goalscorer whose tete-a-tete last season with then-teammate Federico Higuain briefly overshadowed what he 's done on and off the field .
The 32-year-old New England Revolution striker escaped war-torn Sierra Leone to come to the U.S. as a refugee in his mid-teens , settling with his mother , already in the U.S. , in Southern California . Within a half-dozen years , he was in MLS , on a path that would eventually take him to the English Premier League .
He 's brash , boisterous and , at his best , brilliant , as when he scored 22 goals , plus five more in the playoffs , to lead the Columbus Crew to the 2015 MLS Cup final .
FourFourTwo USA caught up with Kamara to talk about his future in the game , his experiences during Sierra Leone 's civil war and his work to improve the lives of children in his native country , and much more .
FOURFOURTWO : Any satisfaction with your game and this season ?
KEI KAMARA : It has n't been the best season , I have to admit . As a player of my caliber , I 'm usually producing a lot more than I have been . So I have to say it has n't been the best season , considering I feel like I 'm at the top of my career , where I can make a lot of things happen .
Embedded video for Kei Kamara , One-on-One : On nightmares , dreams and the perils of being honest
FFT : What 's been most difficult ?
KK : The move [ last season from Columbus ] . I came back from England [ in 2015 ] really prepared and really focused and really ready to win something . I had a good [ first ] year in Columbus , finishing the year with 27 goals , and , obviously , the move was more of a shock to me . It takes a little bit to get settled .
I 've been here in New England , I 've been working on it to get settled , and it does n't work right away . It does n't happen right away .
FFT : The Revs have so much attacking talent . It 's got to be disappointing that you do n't score as many goals as a group as you might .
KK : The attacking talent on this team , everybody can score goals . Everyone . So I think it gets to a point sometimes , we all want to score goals .
USA TODAY Sports-Winslow Townson
It 's really the unselfishness of players [ that 's needed ] , and everyone needs to really click together , so when the right person is scoring , then we know that 's the right person who needs to be in that situation . For example , at the moment , Teal Bunbury is a player that 's on fire . I 'm just happy that I 'm able to make runs and do some stuff to put him into position to continue to score those goals .
FFT : Last month you suggested that you might not be the right fit with New England and looked to be traded . Was that spoken out of frustration ? Do you still feel that way ?
KK : It was n't out of frustration at all . It 's something that definitely was conversed between me and the club . It 's something I took up to the club , and we had a good conversation about it .
I still do feel that way . Like I said , I 'm a prolific striker , and in my game and my position and how I produce , it just has n't really fit right with the team . Let me say it again : This team has so much offense , even recently now we have added Krisztian Nemeth to the team .
This team is very strong , and I respect that a lot , and , obviously , that 's what I said to them , that I respect that , I respect the club , I respect the fan base , and I feel selfish that I 'm not giving the fans what they paid for . Being a goalscorer , everyone wants to see you score goals . ...
I only had four goals at the time I had the conversations with them , and I 've had four more since then , but I 've barely changed much . We have n't been winning all the games , and I have n't scored , like , 20 goals . Not that I want to be the only goalscorer , but I want to feel like I 'm dangerous .
I want to feel like I 'm producing for what I 'm worth , coming in and really trying to work really hard and really trying to produce to what the caliber and what the expectation was from me , and I 'm not seeing that .
FFT : You spent a year and a half in England , with Norwich City and Middlesbrough . Was it rewarding , frustrating , or a combination of the two ?
KK : Combination of both . It 's a place where , as footballers or soccer players , you dream of playing . You know , for me , I 've been living this dream [ in my life ] . It 's unbelievable , coming from Sierra Leone and coming to America as a refugee and becoming a citizen of the U.S. and playing in MLS for , what is it , my 12th season now ? And being able to have the opportunity to play in England ? That 's what every soccer player 's dream was .
Embedded video for Kei Kamara , One-on-One : On nightmares , dreams and the perils of being honest
I did n't really see as clearly when it did happen , and that 's why I was so fortunate that I went to Norwich and played in the Premier League , just as a loan . I ended up becoming a starter at Norwich , and that taste in my mouth was so good that I wanted to go back to England . Unfortunately , I went back to Middlesbrough , and it was n't the same taste , because that was the [ second-tier ] Championship . Things did n't go as sweet as Norwich was .
FFT : Your scoring rate in Columbus , but also in New England , is much better than your scoring rate before going to England . Is that about what you learned in England or your growth there ?
KK : That 's really how I grew in general as a player . I 'm a player that never really went through an academy . So there are a lot of things you did n't learn , and I 'm a late bloomer , you know ?
I came to America at 16 , started going to school at 17 , and 18 , 19 , I 'm in college . Two years in college , then I 'm playing professionally at 21 , so there 's are a lot of things I really did n't learn .
The longer I play , the different cultures I played underneath , the more I started learning . ... It 's too bad it was in my late 20s to finally get into the game and really understand the game and really knowing what your position really is on the field , which is [ why ] now I 'm really feeling I 'm at the best point in my career .
NEXT : The scars left by a war-torn childhood , and that Higuain incident ...
No one knows the day or the hour , but the Israeli police seem to believe the Messiah is coming soon .
The Israeli commissioner of police , Roni Alsheikh , stated at a recent Jewish celebration that his department is preparing for the arrival of the Messiah .
“ When the Messiah comes , everyone will want to [ approach ] him so it will get very crowded , ” Alsheikh was quoted as saying in Breaking Israel News . “ That will be a time when we will have to be very strong in respecting our fellow . ”
The commissioner stated the police want to enact “ preventative measures [ regarding ] how to strengthen mutual consideration for our fellow . ”
In other reported comments , Alsheikh was far more explicit .
“ There is no doubt that happiness and serving God will bring us closer , ” he said . “ Soon , God willing , we will need to start preparing for the security operation necessary upon the arrival of the Messiah . ”
Leading Israeli rabbis have also argued in recent years Jews should be preparing for the imminent arrival of their Messiah . Some rabbis have also claimed the Messiah 's coming will be preceded by the healing of the breach between Christians and Jews .
To Christians , the coming of Messiah is the Second Coming of Jesus Christ . Jan Markell , founder of Olive Tree Ministries , host of the radio show “ Understanding the Times ” and co-author of the book “ Trapped in Hitler 's Hell , ” says what is truly shocking is how those outside the faith are more focused on eschatology than are Christians .
“ Religious Jews are more excited about Messiah 's return than Christians are , ” Markell told WND . “ Muslims are more anticipatory about their Mahdi 's return than are Christians about Jesus 's return . This shows the deplorable state of the church today that is ‘ majoring in minors . ' They have their finance seminars and marriage conferences but have shoved the idea of the Lord 's imminent return not just to the back burner , perhaps to the back yard . ”
Markell pointed to various signs of how Jewish leaders are preparing for the arrival of the Messiah and the construction of the Third Temple , including :
“ I am not so sure that in my lifetime I will see more than a remnant of Christians this anticipatory for the Lord 's return , ” mourned Markell .
As a “ pre-Tribulation ” believer , Markell believes the rapture could occur at any moment . She calls for both increased attention by Christians to the subject of the end times and dedication to the Jewish state of Israel .
“ In my lifetime , the biggest change in the church is the switch of church loyalty from Israel to the Palestinians , ” Markell said . “ This is called ‘ Christian Palestinianism . ' Before the state of Israel was born in 1948 , most evangelical churches embraced ‘ Christian Zionism . ' They were loyal to the state of Israel even before it was formed .
“ Today the religious left and others have swung support away from Israel to an ‘ invented people , ' the Palestinians . Yasser Arafat was a superb salesman and sold the world on the idea that the Palestinians had their land stolen . Arafat was an Egyptian and there was no Palestinian people . Yet today much of the world believes the Jews live in ‘ occupied territory ' rather than God-given land . This is the biggest change in my lifetime . I can not believe what I am seeing .
“ If the church were functioning properly , this confusion would never have happened , but the church shredded maps of Israel 25 years ago when it decided to be politically correct rather than biblically correct . ”
A victory for God in the heart of darkness . Do n't miss the incredible true story of how one woman found hope amidst the horror of the Holocaust . “ Trapped in Hitler 's Hell ” now available in the WND Superstore .
Bill Cloud of Shoreshim Ministries , the author of “ Esau Rising : Ancient Adversaries and the War for America 's Soul , ” also believes many Jews in Israel recognize something huge is about to happen .
“ Several years ago some rabbis got together and declared that Israel had entered into the time of ‘ Jacob 's trouble ' – terminology used in Jeremiah 30:7 , ” Cloud said .
“ The point is this : The time leading to the advent of the Messiah is a time of trouble and is also likened unto birth pangs . With the recent development in the U.N. – the U.S. abstaining from the security council vote – and the obvious ‘ stab in the back ' Israel received from the Obama administration , I feel that many of them are beginning to realize that there is no one who can save them . They can not depend on the United Nations , the United States or anyone for that matter . ”
Cloud compared President Obama to Esau in his book because he believes Obama concealed his hostile intentions towards Israel with overtures of peace .
“ I feel that what many suspected about Obama and his administration is now laid bare for everyone to see , ” Cloud said .
However , Cloud said that whatever the preparations the Israelis are making , ultimately , it will require a total change in outlook before they see – and recognize – their Messiah .
Concerning Israel and the coming of the Messiah , it is interesting that the Messiah said that they would see him “ no more until you say ‘ blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord , ' ” said Cloud .
“ Here the Messiah quoted Psalm 118 – the Psalm that was being sung when he entered into Jerusalem in the triumphal entry . What makes this interesting is that the preceding verse in Psalm 118 says , ‘ Save now oh Lord . '
“ My point : The Messiah was telling Israel that they would not see him again until they realized that he was the only one who could save them . When they begin to cry out to him to ‘ save us ' then they would see him again . These recent developments in Israel tell me that many in Israel are arriving at that point . They are no longer looking to men and nations to save them but the Messiah .
“ Where Christians around the world are concerned , I believe we need to join with those who are crying out to the Lord to save us . Men and governments will not save us . We must cry out to the only one who saves . ”
Is there an ancient prophecy which describes what is happening in America today ? Are Americans giving away what is most sacred and holy – for nothing but a bowl of porridge ? Find out the truth . “ Esau Rising : Ancient Adversaries and the War for America 's Soul ” Now available at the WND Superstore .
Carl Gallups , who explores eschatology and prophecy in his new book “ When the Lion Roars , ” says he is saddened Jews are still looking for Messiah when he believes their Messiah has already come . However , he also has a more positive interpretation of these preparations .
“ I think this fervor , especially in these genuinely prophetic times , shows the expectant attitude that seems to be sweeping the planet , ” he said . “ People all over the world know that ‘ something is getting ready to happen . ' Will it be return of Messiah or the coming of Messiah , or will it be the arrival of Antichrist ? Others are asking about the possibility of World War III , a coalition against Israel or the coming of the tribulation period . These , and questions like them , are topics of discussion all over the world , and the technology of today helps to proliferate these discussions and speculations . ”
Gallups also says Christians should rejoice in what he sees as one of the most important and historic occurrences in world history – the increasing acceptance of Jesus as Messiah by Jews , including in Israel .
“ We know that record numbers of Jews , both in Israel and around the world , are coming to Yeshua/Messiah as Savior and Lord , ” Gallups said . “ The statistics are clear regarding this fact . Many see this as the prophesied last days ' ingathering of the ‘ remnant ' just before the return of Yeshua/Messiah . So , I believe there is a sense that this Messianic fervor in Israel could actually lead to even more salvations unto the real Messiah , Yeshua/Jesus . ”
The incredible TRUE story of how one of Israel 's most revered spiritual teachers found the answer to an ancient mystery . Learn the facts about the most exciting spiritual development in the Holy Land today . “ The Rabbi Who Found Messiah ” by Carl Gallups , available now in the WND Superstore .
Mark Biltz , the man who discovered the “ Blood Moons ” phenomenon and a passionate advocate of reuniting Christians with their Hebrew roots , advocates viewing time itself from a Jewish , biblical perspective in “ God 's Day Timer. ” He told WND not to underestimate the widespread disagreement among different denominations in Judaism about the end times . However , he said some religious sects of Jews “ definitely ” believe the time of Messiah is upon them and claims he personally knows several orthodox rabbis who believe the same .
“ The Orthodox Jews follow 13 principles of faith of which the 12th is ‘ I believe with complete faith in the coming of the Messiah , and even though he may delay , nevertheless I anticipate every day that he will come , ' ” Biltz told WND . “ For the religious Jews there is a definite expectation every day for the coming of the Messiah . Many feel that what Obama has done at the Security Council and what he may do at the Paris conference January 15th if he allows an arbitrary declaration of a Palestinian State will be a sure sign . ”
But Biltz cautioned Christians to remember that God has a plan for how things will play out , including how Jews will come to their Messiah .
“ The Christian attitude at this moment toward the coming of Messiah should be one of soberness and a strong focus on being ready and preparing the way , ” he advised .
“ The Christian attitude toward Israel is extremely important at this time . Many Jews feel Christians ' outreach toward Israel is based only on fulfilling expected prophecies where Christians are raptured and the Jews stay and suffer a horrible destruction . Christians need to show their love toward Israel and the Jewish people without any expectations or improper motivations such as a hope for some kind of conversion to Christianity . Meanwhile , the role Israel will play at this time is to fulfill what God has expected of them from the beginning . ”
The Bible story is more miraculous and astounding than you could have imagined . See the incredible proof of the unchanging nature of God – and the exciting clues to what awaits at the end of days in “ God 's Day Timer ” by Mark Biltz , available as a book or documentary now in the WND Superstore .
Image caption EMI , whose artists include Tinie Tempah , will eventually be sold on by the US bank
US banking giant Citigroup has taken over the ownership of EMI , the music company where it was the major creditor .
The bank had lent money to Guy Hands ' private equity firm Terra Firma to help it to buy the business in 2007 .
But the £4.2bn takeover was a failure , with Terra Firma believing it massively overpaid for the company .
Now it has been forced to hand EMI over to Citi after not being able to keep up interest payments on the loans .
'Positive development '
EMI , which is home to artists including Lily Allen , The Beatles , Coldplay and Tinie Tempah said it would continue under the same management and that it was now completely separate from its previous owner .
Citigroup said it would eventually sell EMI .
Industry speculation suggests another record label would probably be the buyer - with Warner Music among the more likely candidates for the recorded music business . Meanwhile its publishing operation may be sold to another private equity firm , KKR , says BBC business editor Robert Peston .
Terra Firma and its backers have lost the entire £1.7bn they put into EMI .
Meanwhile Citigroup has written down what it is owed from £3.4bn to £1.2bn - which means that it has incurred a loss of £2.2bn .
The takeover in 2007 of EMI by Guy Hands ' Terra Firma - just as the bubble in financial markets was going pop - will go down in British corporate history as one of the worst ever deals Peston : EMI loses backers £3.9bn
Analysts had predicted Citi would eventually seize control , but developments have happened more quickly than most had expected .
Citi vice chairman Stephen Volk said EMI now had a strong balance sheet and `` the ability to invest in and grow its business '' .
`` This is a positive development for EMI , its employees , artists , songwriters and suppliers . EMI is an iconic business and we are completely supportive of both its management and its strategy , '' he added .
In a statement Terra Firma said it was `` pleased that EMI 's debt burden has been reduced through Citi agreeing to write down a substantial proportion of EMI 's debt '' .
'Devalued '
In October , a New York judge dismissed a claim by Mr Hands that Citi had misled it over the acquisition .
He had argued he had not been informed that a rival bidder had already pulled out , resulting in his firm overpaying for the record company .
Last month Terra Firma said its lawyers had appealed against that decision . The US Court of Appeals will now have to decide if the appeal can go ahead .
Over the past two , Mr Hands has floated all manner of possible solutions to raise enough money to prevent the bank seizing control of EMI .
They included splitting EMI into two and even selling off assets such as the world-renowned Abbey Road studios .
But his best hope was to lease the North American rights to EMI 's back catalogue to another of the Big Four major labels - but that aspiration collapsed amid arguments over price .
The purchase of EMI by the private equity firm brought it into conflict with some of its artists who said that financial matters were taking priority over creativity .
Radiohead , one of the label 's biggest acts , left EMI saying the owners did not understand the music industry , with lead singer Thom Yorke later claiming music was being `` devalued '' by the involvement of a private equity firm treating bands `` as simply part of their stock '' .
The Rolling Stones and Joss Stone were among others who left the label under Terra Firma 's ownership .
Story highlights Vice President Biden calls two leaders as Iraq prepares to hold a national conference
He discusses `` resolving outstanding issues through the political process ''
Violence is worsening , analysts say
New bloodshed comes a month after the U.S. military withdrawal
As recent bloodshed raises fears of renewed sectarian violence in Iraq , U.S. Vice President Biden has been calling Iraqi leaders in an apparent attempt to soothe political tensions , the White House said Saturday .
Biden telephoned Iraqi Council of Representatives Speaker Osama Nujaifi on Saturday and , a day earlier , spoke with Dr. Ayad Allawi , a leader of the Sunni-backed Iraqiya political bloc .
`` The two Iraqi leaders described deliberations under way among all Iraqi political factions and parties in the run-up to a proposed national conference led by President Jalal Talabani , '' the White House statement said . `` The vice president discussed with both leaders the importance of resolving outstanding issues through the political process . The vice president and Iraqi leaders agreed to stay in close touch as events unfold . ''
In the latest in a series of attacks this year , a suicide car bomber killed at least 31 people and injured 60 more in a Shiite funeral procession in Baghdad on Friday , two police officials said . The bombing occurred as mourners were heading toward a hospital in Baghdad 's Zafarniya district to recover the bodies of relatives shot the night before , officials said .
The bombing has raised fears of a return to the sectarian violence of the previous decade when the Sunni-Shiite hostilities engulfed Iraq at the height of the war .
The bloodshed has generated uncertainty about the ability of Iraqi security forces to ensure order , particularly after the United States withdrew troops at the end of 2011 , as well as fear about the future .
JUST WATCHED Dozens killed in Iraq bombing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dozens killed in Iraq bombing 01:20
Analysts painted a disturbing trend in Iraq .
`` The situation is worsening , '' said Hamit Dardagan , co-founder and principal analyst of the London-based Iraq Body Count , a group that tracks civilian deaths .
Ramzy Mardini , research analyst at the Institute for the Study of War , said , `` Sectarian politics in Iraq is setting the stage for armed conflict . ''
Most of those killed in recent weeks were Shiite pilgrims marking Arbaeen , the end of a 40-day mourning period , officials said . Mardini said Iraqi security forces have also been targeted . Those forces stationed in Baghdad have a large Shiite presence .
According to Iraq Body Count , civilian deaths reached their peak in 2006 and 2007 , with 28,250 and 25,063 , respectively . They dropped to 9,385 in 2008 and then plateaued the next three years -- 4,713 in 2009 , 4,045 in 2010 and 4,087 in 2011 .
In the past five months , there have been 398 deaths in August , 394 in September , 355 in October , 272 in November and 371 in December .
Dardagan said Friday 's attack would bring January 's deaths to more than 400 .
`` It 's not like a radical , huge jump , '' he said . `` It sort of shows a constant level of violence that does n't seem to let up . Just recently , it 's been worsening . ''
He added , `` One thing we are seeing recently is the rise in the kind of large-scale bombings that are very difficult to control . You ca n't search the boot of every car . ''
As for the political unrest , Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish leaders have squared off in recent weeks over an arrest warrant for Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials .
The arrest warrant was issued shortly after the vice president 's Sunni-backed Iraqiya party announced it would boycott Parliament , saying Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process .
Al-Hashimi has denied the charges , saying the accusations are politically motivated amid the rivalry between his political bloc and al-Maliki 's Shiite majority bloc .
The situation has been further inflamed with a political bloc loyal to radical anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr calling for the dissolution of Parliament and early elections .
Mardini , the Institute for the Study of War analyst , said the violence appears to have reached a point `` where casualties may go up or down in a given period but stay within an expected range . ''
He said the security environment is deteriorating amid a challenging `` political crisis , '' the departure of U.S. troops and rivalries in Iraq among regional powers such as Turkey , Iran and Sunni Arab countries .
`` It 's not a pretty scenario . There does n't seem to be a stabilizing presence or force , '' such as a regional power or a credible mediator to resolve the crisis .
`` Iraq has entered a new era of post-Saddam politics , '' Mardini said .
He said the United States is trying to help foster political stability , but `` its leverage has been largely decapitated . ''
`` The U.S. presence on the ground had performed a critical psychological function over the state of affairs in Iraq , '' Mardini said , and it `` provided space for politics to stabilize . ''
Mardini said he expects sectarian sentiment to `` get worse . ''
Today , we were planning to release new versions of the SAFE Browser and the example applications which have been updated to work with the latest API changes . The changes are mostly related to the safe_app/DOM APIs and also to improving the developer experience .
However , there is a limitation in the browser which we are working on fixing at the moment . If we open a web page , say www.example , it loads fine , however , www.example/index.html is not being loaded . We will be releasing new versions of the browser and the example applications as soon as this issue is resolved ( tomorrow hopefully ) .
As we mentioned in a previous update , we would keep you up to speed with developments in our new Indian office . Circumstances have enabled us to take a bigger office for the same monthly costs within an IT-specific business park . The additional square footage will facilitate up to 30 staff as opposed to the previous 15 . The one caveat is that the bigger office space requires more internal work and will therefore push out the anticipated opening of the office to late January , however , we felt that the bigger space was worth the slight delay . With the front-end team starting to make regular new releases , there is much to be excited about bringing this team closer together and growing its capability even further .
SAFE Authenticator & API
SAFE App Node.js and SAFE Web API have been updated to adapt to recent API changes in SAFE Client Libs , summarised as follows :
SAFE App
Addition of following functions to app object in safe_app_nodejs and window.safeApp in web API : isNetStateInit , isNetStateConnected , isNetStateDisconnected , clearObjectCache , isMockBuild .
Crypto
Addition of a signing key API on app.crypto object in safe_app_nodejs and window.safeCrypto in web API : generateSignKeyPair , pubSignKeyFromRaw , secSignKeyFromRaw , generateSignKeyPairFromRaw .
signKeyPair.secSignKey.sign or window.safeCryptoSecSignKey.sign to sign data on the network
or to sign data on the network signKeyPair.pubSignKey.verify or window.safeCryptoPubSignKey.verify to verify signed data on the network
or to verify signed data on the network Note that the safeCryptoKeyPair object is replaced by safeCryptoEncKeyPair and safeCryptoSignKeyPair in safe_app_nodejs and window.safeCryptoKeyPair is replaced by window.safeCryptoEncKeyPair and window.safeCryptoSignKeyPair in web API .
Mutable Data Permissions-set
Removes MutableDataPermissionsSet and window.safeMutableDataPermissionsSet .
Mutable Data Permissions
forEach changed to listPermissionSets , which now returns an array of permissions represented as strings , instead of the no longer existent permissions-set object .
Mutable Data
removed free function
removed newPermissionsSet function
getKeys returns array of mutable data keys
getValues returns array of mutable data values
Mutable Data Keys
Removes MutableDataKeys and window.safeMutableDataKeys .
Mutable Data Values
Removes MutableDataValues and window.safeMutableDataValues .
It 's suggested to browse documentation here to learn the APIs :
And to read the tests for each API to view examples of how each function works :
We have an issue with the loading of certain URLs in SAFE Browser . We are working on addressing this issue . We will be releasing the browser and the example applications as soon as this issue is resolved ( tomorrow hopefully ) .
@ joshuef has been working on the custom browser over the last couple of weeks and has made considerable progress . We are testing the initial version of the custom browser which makes use of the latest APIs and allows safe : // only browsing . The UI is still naive as the focus was on functional aspects .
A pull request for desktop support for the Csharp APIs has been raised and is currently under review . We do hope to get it merged once it is tested . @ rachit has been expanding the APIs and test cases . @ joy is beginning the integration with the Java JNI bindings provided by the core team . We are hoping to get the Java API covered as soon as possible for Android and desktop platforms .
SAFE Client Libs
We 're nearing the completion of the binding generator for Java and C # . We 're starting to work with the front-end and mobile teams to collect their input and their requirements for the bindings , and so far we 've gathered some useful feedback on the C # bindings . With that feedback , we intend to cross off most of the To-dos during this week and start to integrate it with the actual .NET and Android/Java projects .
@ marcin has completed the automated tests for the Alpha 2 network , which we mentioned in one of the past updates :
MaidSafe Dev Update - November 16 , 2017 Besides manual testing , we intend to add some automated integration tests that will try to connect to the real network and use an existing account to do basic tasks
These tests already helped us to uncover some obscure bug which we previously did n't encounter , it concerns the apps revocation on the Alpha 2 network using the current master branch build of SAFE Client Libs . We 're actively working on pinpointing the exact cause of this bug and fixing it .
Routing & Crust
As data chains discussions and designs are nearing finalising phase , we decided to start coding features to better express the fundamentals and continue testing the design . Work has started at last . We have branched off Routing master into dev . There one can now clearly see the fundamental types we will be using in the implementation of data chains . We 're currently working on a document defining and detailing the different parts of the changes that data chains integration brings and hope to have this ready and published on the Dev Forum next week ( barring any nasty surprises early next week ) . In the interim , here are some of the key definitions that have been fleshed out in that proposal :
Complete group : GROUP_SIZE peers with age > 4 .
Elders : the GROUP_SIZE oldest peers in the section . If there is a tie , we use the tie-breaker rule for node aging .
Tie-breaker rule for Node Aging : If there are multiple peers of the same age then XOR their public keys together and find the one XOR closest to it .
Adult : a peer with age > 4 in a section with a complete group .
Infant : non-elder with age ≤ 4 .
Vote : a node 's detection of a network event plus its signature of it .
Proof : a node 's id and its signature against a network event .
Block : network event with a vector of proofs collected .
Group consensus : a block containing a quorum of proofs of the elders .
Section Membership : All the members of a single section , comprising the elders , adults and infants .
Neighbours : sections we are supposed to be connected to differing in exactly one bit from us .
Sibling : A section differing from us in the last bit .
Corresponding code is also being integrated into the dev branch , for instance here are the events that will be voted on . Once quorum or more have voted we form a block for the event with their proofs . Some of these blocks will go into the data chain . For context , here is a Vote which is exchanged between Peers directly . A Proof is extracted from a Vote to create a Block which gathers the Proof s and when it reaches a quorum of Valid voters the Block becomes valid . These valid voters are deduced from the chain order .
As we had stated earlier , in a section we will usually have Grouped_SIZE elders , some adults and some infants . Basically , elders are the oldest nodes in the section and it 's their votes that matter . If an elder is lost , an adult is promoted to take its place . Infants are the ones whose age is < =4 so they must stay long enough to see enough churn and get relocated for them to become an adult . Until then they do not contribute towards churn . This is because such young nodes have a much higher probability of coming and going offline thus the network does not rely on these nodes for general operation .
With that brief categorisation in mind ( much more detail will be available in the document we are currently formulating ) , the ( local ) events witnessed by a section will be voted by the elders and when a block is formed as described above , we will decide whether that should make it into the data chain or a state-container . For e.g . if we were accepting some peer who is going to be in the elder group we put that block in the chain . If it was an adult or an infant we would n't . This will reduce the size of the chain considerably because it 's elders who actually matter in the network in our current design . They are connected to the neighbouring sections ' elders etc . Infants can just come and go ( because they have a small age , so they do n't have great incentive to remain online or they could just be spawned by casual/malicious users for appearing temporarily on the Network ) and if we recorded all that , we would have ended up with an enormous chain . So one needs to “ earn ” one 's position in the chain - by becoming an elder and by that very virtue meaning that one has spent enough time in the network being a good node and also disincentivising them to act badly which would compromise their age which they 've earned over a long time , few will wish to harm their nodes farming rate in that manner
This is also a very important defense against any botnet type attacks , or large adversaries with boundless cash who may wish to attack the network in huge numbers . The network simply wo n't allow such mass joining in short periods , but will instead ensure joining is a process the network controls through need . Therefore the network will require nodes when it needs them at the rate it needs them and upon accepting nodes , the network will monitor and validate the capability of the nodes ( infants ) over time as they mature and “ grow up ” to become valuable members of the network . A very natural design as inspired by the natural world , as always , if you can not find your design in nature , it 's probably wrong . We are delighted we can and these steps are very powerful in their simplicity .
Now that we have started with the code , we also thought it would make sense to quickly run some simulations to see things like what is the section size before we split ( because we 're currently hoping to only split once we know both post-split siblings will have enough elders and adults ) so that if we end up with sections with a great many infants then we quickly devise ways to not have so . E.g . for a start we could say in a section with proper categorisation of peers into elders , adults and infants , do n't accept any more infant with age of 1 if we already have such an infant . @ bart 's created a small simulation to test this and it requires some finishing touches but it has already given us some very useful results .
@ fraser and @ qi_ma are working on finalising the detailed data-chains document which will have the definitions and explanations and also rule-sets for various scenarios such as merges and splits . This will include the message flow , which makes looking at the algorithm much easier so that it can be reasoned about or improved and finally put to code and tested .
https : //static.ellitoral.com/img/logo-litoral.png El Litoral
El Litoral
Lunes 03.04.2017 - Última actualización - 11:16
11:08
El presidente habló de la marcha del sábado en el marco del lanzamiento de un plan para la construcción de viviendas .
Declaraciones de Macri `` No podemos aceptar más comportamientos mafiosos en la Argentina '' El presidente habló de la marcha del sábado . El presidente habló de la marcha del sábado en el marco del lanzamiento de un plan para la construcción de viviendas .
El Litoral
DyN
El presidente Mauricio Macri afirmó que la Argentina `` no '' puede `` aceptar más comportamientos mafiosos '' y aseguró que les sacará `` el poder a cada uno '' de ellos .
El mandatario se hizo eco de la marcha del sábado en favor del Gobierno y resaltó uno de los carteles que vio , que decía `` Voté a Macri porque no quiero más mafias '' y agregó : `` Tiene razón , no podemos aceptar más comportamientos mafiosos en la Argentina . Están en los sindicatos , en las empresas , en la política , en la Justicia . Por suerte son minoría , pero tenemos que combatirlo '' .
`` No podemos aceptar que nadie se crea el dueño de este país y el dueño de nuestro futuro , con el derecho de poner palos en la rueda sistemáticamente . Voy a dar esa batalla y le vamos a sacar el poder a cada uno de esos mafiosos , porque no construyen futuro , porque les ha ido bien con este modelo que ha acumulado pobreza y no quieren trabajar por los laburantes , por la gente , por el futuro '' , dijo Macri tras un acto en la Casa Rosada .
Venezuela
El presidente reclamó este lunes al Congreso que se reúna `` rápidamente '' para que `` cada uno exprese lo que opina sobre lo que pasa en Venezuela '' donde , advirtió , `` no se respetan los derechos humanos '' .
`` Para que tengamos claro qué pensamos cada uno le pido al Congreso de la Nación que se reúna lo antes posible y que cada uno exprese qué es lo que opina sobre lo que está pasando en Venezuela , porque para mí eso no es democracia , no se respetan los derechos humanos '' , expresó .
Durante un acto en Casa Rosada , el mandatario dijo que Argentina `` estuvo cerca '' de vivir `` situaciones similares '' a las que atraviesa Venezuela , y afirmó que quiere saber `` quiénes creen en ese modelo de convivencia '' .
Sobre el paro
`` Respeto compañero sindicalista su decisión del día de jueves de hacer un paro , pero no la entiendo y no ayuda en nada a los trabajadores '' , señaló Macri en relación a la medida de fuerza .
`` Lamento que se adhiera al paro , un paro que va a costar más de 15 mil millones de pesos '' , expresó .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
On a sunny February morning , Michele Clark climbed up to the roof of her office in the Fruitvale neighborhood of Oakland , California , to show off 196 black , gleaming solar panels . The installation , completed last December , is providing 47 kilowatts of power for Youth Empowerment Partnership , a group that provides education and job training for at-risk teens and young adults in Oakland .
Clark , the group 's executive director , had dreamed of solar panels on YEP 's headquarters but could n't find a way to pay for them . “ We have this big sunny roof , ” she said , “ but we did n't have the expertise , the connections , or even the thought process of how you would put this together . ”
Then Clark connected with Mosaic , an Oakland-based startup company that connects solar-power-seeking businesses and nonprofits with hundreds of investors . Soon , YEP had brand new solar panels , a $ 40,000 project paid for by 51 individuals .
Here 's how Mosaic works : Investors contribute a minimum of $ 25 to a project . Over the next 5 to 10 years—depending on the project—the investors will make that money back , plus interest . The return on the investment ranges from 4.5 to 6.4 percent annually , depending on the project . They can support projects in any state , but right now only accredited investors and people in New York and California can invest in the projects , due to regulatory barriers in other states . In order to qualify , projects must be for organizations that are financially stable , have adequate insurance , and benefit the wider community in some way . Recent projects include affordable housing projects , a convention center , several nonprofits , a grocery store , and a Native American reservation .
Mosaic 's founders want to do for solar energy what Kickstarter has done for bands and independent films , or what Kiva has done for upstart projects in the developing world . But Mosaic 's model goes beyond most other crowdsourcing sites , by not only allowing supporters to invest in the solar project but also make a profit doing so .
Billy Parish , Mosaic 's cofounder and president , describes his company 's goal as “ getting millions of people tangibly invested in building the clean energy future. ” Before Mosaic , Parish , a wiry 31-year-old , spent years as a youth climate advocate and organizer , and was one of the founders of the Energy Action Coalition .
Parish points to polls showing that 89 percent of Americans support the development and use of solar power . But there are still only 300,000 solar power systems installed around the US , generating 0.1 percent of all electricity . That 's because most businesses ca n't afford solar panels on their own , and major banks have not shown a tremendous amount of interest in funding relatively small solar projects .
“ It 's substantially at this point a deployment problem , ” said Parish . “ The biggest thing you need is money to make those projects happen . ”
YEP 's power bill , which used to run $ 1,350 a month , is now down to about $ 150 .
So far Mosaic has raised more than $ 1 million for 12 different projects—fully funding all of them within just a few days of opening them up to investors . One of the appeals to this kind of investing , as Mosaic pitches it , is that contributors can actually see their money at work—very different from the convoluted financial products offered on Wall Street .
Initially , Mosaic worked on a philanthropic model , where people donated a sum of money to a project that they would eventually be repaid . ( YEP 's panels were funded this way . ) Mosaic moved to this return on investment model in January and lowered the minimum amount of money needed to participate from $ 100 to $ 25 . They saw an immediate response . It took a year and a half to raise the first $ 350,000 under the old model , said Lisa Curtis , Mosaic 's communications director , but the new profit-minded model yielded $ 300,000 in investments in one day . “ I think there 's something to be said for enlightened self-interest , ” said Curtis .
That enlightened self-interest , they hope , can be harnessed to bring solar energy to community-based organizations like YEP , which will spend the next 10 years paying investors back , but the group is already seeing results . The power bill , which used to run $ 1,350 a month , is now down to about $ 150 . YEP is also incorporating the panels into its job training program , showing students how the system works and , they hope , inspiring some to seek out jobs in renewable energy .
Curtis hopes that the financial incentive of investing might also inspire people to learn more about climate change and alternative energy . “ If we 're able to reach those millions more people who normally would n't care about environmental causes to put their money to work creating clean energy , ” said Curtis , “ then we will have succeeded . ”
It seems fair enough that some licence is granted when rendering poems in a different language , but dropping entire cantos is surely taking things too far
Perhaps it 's down to his wonderfully refreshing manifesto for “ an impure poetry ” or maybe ( whisper it not ) it 's due to the seduction of David Soul , whose one-man show featured gloriously on the books podcast , but I 've become more than usually obsessed with Chile 's Nobel laureate Pablo Neruda . What 's not to love about a poet who wrote odes to artichokes and laundry and argued for “ a poetry impure as the clothing we wear , or our bodies , soup-stained , soiled with our shameful behaviour , our wrinkles and vigils and dreams , observations and prophecies , declarations of loathing and love , idylls and beasts , the shocks of encounter , political loyalties , denials and doubts , affirmations and taxes . ”
So it was great to learn that a tiny US press is to publish an English translation of 20 lost poems that were discovered last year . Then Come Back : The Lost Neruda will be out from Copper Canyon Press in April 2016 in a translation by Forrest Gander .
I 'm not familiar with the work of Forrest Gander , so I wait with some trepidation to see what he will make of lines such as : “ Reposa tu pura cadera y el arco de flechas mojadas/extiende en la noche los pétalos que forman tu forma ” . I hope he will bathe them in a lyricism of a higher order than the literal translation provided by the Neruda Foundation when the discovery was announced : “ Rest your pure hip and the bow of wet arrows/Extend into the night the petals which make up your form . ”
The reason for my anxiety is that I 've done battle over the years with some pretty ropey translations – most recently with Ben Belitt 's 1974 collection , Five Decades : Poems 1925-1970 , which I picked up in a London bookshop because it carried a parallel text in the original Spanish and that felt like a necessary prop in making the case for Neruda as a canonical poet to a roomful of sceptics who thought he was far too impure to be good .
David Soul performs Pablo Neruda – books podcast Read more
As far as clunky lines go , this edition 's final lines to the poem Dream Horse take some beating : “ I need but a spark of that perduring brightness/my jubilant kindred to claim my inheritance ” . ( Belitt is fond of perdurance – it reappears in the Ode to the Elephant , that “ blessed beast of the perduring forests . ” )
It 's unkind to to quote out of context , and particularly from a version that is more than 40 years old , but at the book group I encountered a bigger problem , which raised issues about poetry translation that go far beyond Neruda .
There were five of us in the room reading from three different editions . One of the sceptics announced that she had found a poem she had liked , The Heights of Macchu Picchu , a 12-poem sequence inspired by a visit to the ancient Inca city after which it 's named and published as part of Neruda 's 1950 collection Canto General . She was particularly keen on the majestic sixth canto , she said . We all turned eagerly to the poem , only to find that one edition had lopped off the final two lines , while another had omitted the sixth canto altogether .
It 's one thing to translate a poem badly but it 's quite another to translate selectively , and the discovery threw me into a crisis about the possibility of reading any poetry in translation at all . It was a perfect illustration of the fact that all translators create their own reality , which may or may not reflect the intentions of the writer . After all , if you make the decision to cut out six cantos in a 12-canto series ( as my edition did ) , to what extent are you even trying to keep faith with with the original work ?
I found some sort of answer in Neruda 's own argument for an impure poetry - in his championship of “ the used surfaces of things , the wear that the hands give to things ” .
In them , he wrote , “ one sees the confused impurity of the human condition , the massing of things , the use and disuse of substance , footprints and fingerprints , the abiding presence of the human engulfing all artefacts , inside and out. ” What is translation , after all , but another set of fingerprints ?
People across country pause for a minute to think of 38 people killed by gunman who opened fire at tourist resort
Tunisia beach attack : the victims Read more
Britain has observed a minute 's silence as part of an official day of mourning for the tourists killed in a massacre on a Tunisian beach last week .
Flags flew on official buildings at half-mast , and people across the country stopped what they were doing at midday on Friday to think about those killed by a gunman in the deadliest terror attack on Britons in nearly a decade .
Dozens of British tourists lined up on the beach in Sousse to watch the Tunisian prime minister , Habib Essid , join the British ambassador , Hamish Cowell , to lay wreaths at the spot where the massacre began . Fresh flowers had been brought to replace those left throughout the week , which had dried and wilted in the sun .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest British and Irish tourists pray together in front of the memorial unveiled to the Sousse victims . Photograph : Chris Stephen for the Guardian
Seven days ago Seifeddine Rezgui walked on to the beach at the El Kantaoui resort and opened fire . He killed 38 people , including 30 British nationals , before police shot him dead .
The bodies of 17 British victims have been repatriated since Wednesday , all being flown into RAF Brize Norton . More were expected to be returned on Friday and Saturday . Wounded Britons – including four with severe injuries – have already been brought back to the UK .
David Cameron , the prime minister , had asked all government departments and official buildings in the UK , as well as embassies and military bases across the world , to fly their flags at half-mast for the day .
No . 10 Press Office ( @ Number10press ) PM : At midday I 'll be joining millions stopping for a minute to remember the people murdered in Tunisia last week . pic.twitter.com/LOgHOWwkqb
Local authorities , police forces and schools were asked to observe the silence . In train stations , posters were put up and announcements made to remind passengers and staff .
The Queen paid her silent tribute at Strathclyde University , Glasgow , where she was opening an innovation centre . The royal party was touring the Institute for Future Cities when she stopped and stood in silent contemplation .
Hundreds gathered outside Buckingham Palace in London where the band stopped playing in the middle of the changing of the guard . Union flags flew at half-mast there and at royal residences across the UK .
Crowds and competitors fell silent at Wimbledon , Henley regatta , the British Grand Prix and the horse races in Doncaster , Newton Abbot , Sandown , Beverley and Haydock .
The government also contacted faith leaders to encourage their congregations to join the country in remembrance .
Sousse
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A plaque dedicated to the Tunisia shooting victims at the beach where the attack took place . Photograph : Anis Mili/Reuters
On the beach in front of the Imperial Marhaba hotel , where most of the tourists died , security was tight ahead of the ceremony . The sand was criss-crossed by police on horses and quad bikes . A coastguard boat was stationed offshore .
Cowell was joined by a representative of the Tunisian government to lay wreaths around a spot where improvised memorials have continued to grow . Half a dozen had already been scooped out of the sand and arranged around a large heart-shaped depression , surrounded by flowers , candles and notes from wellwishers .
At midday , the dignitaries there fell silent to join the period of remembrance taking place across the UK , which shares the same time zone as Tunisia .
Cowell said afterwards : “ We 've had a team of [ UK ] security experts out here this week to assess , to ensure that the British people can come to Tunisia safely , we want to work with the Tunisians .
“ I would like to pay tribute to the Tunisians in the hotels , in the hospitals . They have saved lived by responding to the event . I met hotel workers ; their stories are very moving. ” Chris Stephen
Walsall
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Minute 's silence marked at Walsall Football Club .
Players , club officials and hundreds of fans gathered outside Walsall Football Club 's stadium to hold a minute 's silence to remember three of its supporters who died .
Joel Richards , 19 , his uncle Adrian Evans , 44 , and grandfather Patrick Evans , 78 , were all keen fans of the West Midlands club . Richards , a budding football referee and a student at the University of Worcester , and his uncle , a council employee , were both season ticket holders .
Relatives of the men who died , including Richards ' 16-year-old brother , Owen , who survived the attack , and their mother , Suzanne , joined the crowd outside the Banks 's Stadium .
A member of the Birmingham County Football Association referees department , where Richards was a referee , blew his whistle to mark the start and end of the minute 's silence . Walsall 's club chaplain and former player Peter Hart said a short prayer to mark the end of the proceedings .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Spontaneous applause after minute 's silence at Walsall FC
“ Help us to know when to speak and when to be silent and through your spirit give us light and enable us to walk with courage into what can seem a dark and dangerous and uncertain future , ” he said .
The crowd then burst into a spontaneous and sustained round of applause . Tributes in the shape of shirts , scarves and flowers have been laid outside the stadium 's main reception .
It was not only Walsall fans who attended . Supporters wearing Arsenal , Liverpool and Aston Villa shirts showed their solidarity with the club and the men 's families . Steven Morris
Wimbledon
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The minute 's silence observed at Wimbledon . Photograph : Esther Addley for the Guardian
Wimbledon delayed the start of play by 45 minutes to accommodate the minute 's silence , the first time it has done so since the first anniversary of the 7 July bombings , in 2006 .
Matches on the outer courts were pushed back to 12.15pm to avoid having to interrupt play , a move welcomed by tennis fans .
“ It 's the right decision by Wimbledon , ” said Fiona Fenton , from Sandhurst in Berkshire , who had queued with her daughter Kim since 6am to find a spot on the grass in front of the tournament 's outdoor screen . “ It 's a British tragedy and I think this brings people closer in thoughts and compassion for the people who died . ”
Across the England Club , spectators , security staff and club officials stopped where they were walking and stood with heads bowed . On Murray Mound , hundreds of tennis fans interrupted picnics and broke off conversations to rise to their feet , many removing their hats . There was absolute silence from the crowds , the only sound being the ripple of the small stream which runs down the slope and an aeroplane passing overhead .
The silence concluded , there was a brief ripple of applause before Wimbledon returned to its usual bustle . Esther Addley
Manchester
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Minute 's silence in Manchester to remember victims of the attack .
The commemoration began when the clock on the neo-gothic Town Hall struck 12 , and a maroon was fired from the roof .
Albert Square , currently occupied by the tents and stages of the Manchester international festival , fell silent and most passersby stood still , the only chatter coming from the taxi rank .
Inside the BBC tent , Stuart Maconie and Mark Radcliffe observed the silence , taking a break from preparation for their 6Music radio show , which was due to broadcast live from the festival on Friday afternoon . Helen Pidd
King 's Cross station , central London
Facebook Twitter Pinterest People observe the minute 's silence at King 's Cross station in London .
Just before midday a public announcement was made inviting people to join the nation in the minute 's silence . When 12pm came , the hubbub in the cavernous King 's Cross station subsided . Some who had been sitting drinking their coffee or reading the paper stood up .
“ I 've always been a supporter of things like remembrance services , ” said Vicky Ludbrook , who used to be in the Women 's Royal Naval Service .
Ludbrook , who was waiting for her train to Morpeth , Northumberland , after attending Wimbledon for the first time , added after the minute had passed : “ I was thinking of the families . It could happen to anyone really , no matter where you are. ” Mark Tran
Westminster
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A police officer stands in Parliament Square , London , as Britain remembers the victims of the Tunisia attack . Photograph : Stefan Rousseau/PA
Fridays in the Palace of Westminster are usually quiet . With parliament not sitting , many MPs go back to their constituencies for the weekend .
Flags on the parliamentary estate were flying at half-mast and armed police officers manning the main gates said they would be observing the minute 's silence , with one adding : “ But if a tourist asks me a question , I ca n't very well not answer . ”
Staff working at parliament 's airport-style security point paused from letting visitors through when Big Ben struck midday . The building 's many canteens , all serving fish and chips to mark the end of the working week , came to a halt .
Parliament 's central lobby , which sits between the House of Commons and the House of Lords – always packed with tourists on Fridays – fell silent , with groups of excitable schoolchildren ordered to be quiet by their teachers .
Visitors had been warned in advance , but small groups of tourists in Westminster Hall , the oldest part of the parliamentary estate , continued to natter before slowly becoming aware of the silence . Frances Perraudin
As international outrage spreads at the Israeli elite commando attack on an unarmed humanitarian convey in the middle of the night on international waters , Israel is desperately trying to rebrand the incident as one of self-defence . It is nothing new for Israel , and other aggressing powers , to smear their victims as perpetrators . Afterall , unjustifiable murder is too jarring to stomach .
Yet , Amnesty International released a statement about Israel 's excessive use of force , further stating that Israel 's version of events begs credibility . Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu proclaimed the actions of Israel as “ completely inexcusable ” . According to Craig Murray , specialist on maritime law , “ To attack a foreign flagged vessel in international waters is illegal . ”
Deported activists tell a horrifying story of the use of electric shock , live ammunition , smoke bombs , gas canisters , beatings , and seizure of all evidence on cameras . Greek activist Michalis Grigoropoulos said , `` They took us hostage , pointing guns at our heads…There was absolutely nothing we could do . '' A Turkish woman , with her 1 year old baby , recalls “ The ship turned into a lake of blood . ”
Israeli-Arab Knesset member Hanin Zoabi , who was on board , demanded an international inquiry : “ It was clear from size of force that boarded ship that purpose was not to stop sail , but to cause the largest number of fatalities to prevent future initiatives. ” In contradiction of the carefully managed public relations campaign , a top Israeli Navy commander brags to the Jerusalem Post that “ We boarded the ship and were attacked as if it was a war. ” The names of the 10-19 dead , 60-80 injured , and hundreds detained have yet to be released .
Zoabi further stated that the passengers made clear they were non-confrontational , substantiated by live footage of a white flag raised shortly after the armed commandos descended from helicopters . Upon release from Israeli custody , two German parliamentarians also denied that the activists provoked the violence , though some had tried to stop the armed onslaught by using two wooden sticks . If that were not enough , custom officials in Greece confirmed that the boats were screened prior to departure and no weapons were aboard .
Even before the events of May 31 , the Israeli government had publically warned that the Flotilla would be intercepted , even though the convoy would be entering from international waters in the Mediterranean and not from Israeli territory . An extensive May 25 article in the Jerusalem Post describes a campaign between the media , military , and government officials to “ coordinate efforts to stop the flotilla and manage the potential media fallout . ”
The Gaza Freedom Flotilla convoy was comprised of nine ships and 700 activists , politicians , journalists , Nobel laureates , and aid workers from 40 countries . An initiative that took almost two years of grassroots organization , they were bringing 10,000 tons of medical and humanitarian aid including toys , wheelchairs , construction supplies , paper , food , and medicines for Gaza 's 1.5 million besieged residents .
Since 2007 , Israel has imposed a tight blockade on Gaza : maintaining control of airspace , waters , and land crossings ; disallowing residents to leave without permits ; and prohibition on imports and exports including food , fuel , and medical supplies . The result has been catastrophic : 70 % of Gazans live on under $ 1 a day , 60 % have no daily access to water , only 23 of 3,900 industrial enterprises are operational . This constitutes collective punishment of an entire civilian population and condemns them to an open-air prison , leading the UN to call the siege ‘ medieval ' .
One of the justifications for the siege is the violence inflicted by Palestinian fighters . Palestinians live under occupation and lack any effective military capabilities . According to UN statistics , from 2000-2008 , the Israeli military killed 2677 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip . In the same period , 11 Israelis were killed by Palestinian home-made rockets . During the bombings of Gaza in 2008-2009 , over 1400 Palestinians and five Israelis were killed . While these numbers are clearly asymmetrical , a focus on violence alone obscures the reality of the occupation of Palestine since 1948 . UN Special Rapporteur John Dugard has stated that acts committed against a military occupation may not be justifiable but must be understood not as mindless acts of terror but as “ a painful but inevitable consequence of colonialism , apartheid or occupation . ''
Though Stephen Harper shamelessly rolled out the red carpet for Benjamin Netanyahu ; UN Special Rapporteur Richard Falk has called on the world to act : “ It is essential that those Israelis responsible for this lawless and murderous behavior , including political leaders who issued the orders , be held criminally accountable for their wrongful acts . It is time to insist on the end of the blockade of Gaza . The worldwide campaign of boycott , divestment , and sanctions against Israel are now a moral and political imperative . ”
Standing up to one of the world 's most powerful state 's – who possesses nuclear capabilities , one of the largest militaries , has repeatedly rebuked international law , and continues an immoral occupation – hundreds of thousands of people have spilled onto the streets in every continent . Spain , Sweden , Greece , Jordan , Egypt , and Turkey have recalled their ambassadors to Israel . Perhaps most poignantly , human rights activists in South Africa called the deadly raid ‘ Israel 's Sharpeville ' with a bold reminder that “ the desperation of the oppressor is an indication of the beginning of freedom for the oppressed . ”
Harsha Walia is a South Asian activist and writer , formally trained in the law , who is based in Vancouver , Canada . This article originally appeared as an op-ed in the major daily Vancouver Sun .
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Voting stickers . ( WDTN Photo/Paul Rodzinka )
WCMH Staff - COLUMBUS , Ohio ( WCMH ) -Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted is barring 17-year-olds who will turn 18 before the general elections from casting a ballot for president in the Ohio primary .
Seventeen-year-olds can cast a vote on some candidates , even in congressional races , because that is not a direct vote for a candidate or delegate .
They will be barred in Ohio from voting for a presidential nominee , or on issues like school levies . As Husted puts it , only people 18 years old or older can directly vote for delegates and issues .
Democrats are crying foul , saying Husted is changing the rules about who can vote in our state .
The rule in question appears on page 314 of an election manual :
It was a fresh morning after a night of rain , and we were hiking up into the mountains in southern France . The plants and trees glowed with green , vibrant life . Sheep and cows were meandering in the fields , and the blue sky stretched out for miles . Then I heard a faint beeping noise that did n't sound like a bird . The Italian hiker next to me had a heavy pack and was sweating profusely in the cool morning . He heard the beep and did n't hesitate to pick up his phone . It was his mother calling to see if he was alright at the start of his hiking trip . For the next 10 minutes , instead of listening to birds sing and observing the morning view , he had a conversation with someone who was n't there .
This was the start of a month-long hike I took through northern Spain on the Camino de Santiago . I decided to take this break from work in part to get away from my cell phone – as Americans call mobiles – and computer screen . This time away offered me some perspectives on how – to paraphrase Henry David Thoreau – I had become a tool of my tools .
Before I left on the hike , I read an interesting essay in the magazine Adbusters called Technoslave , written by Eric Slate . In the essay Slate recalls : `` Once , while I was riding on a crowded bus , the man sitting next to me threw his cell phone out the window . When his phone rang , instead of dutifully answering it , he casually tossed it away . I was stunned . He looked at me , shrugged and looked away . I had no idea if it was his , if it was stolen or if he even knew what a cell phone was . But in one seemingly careless motion , he managed to liberate himself from something that has completely consumed me . ''
This story resonated with me . Like so many other people these days , my livelihood is based on being connected – online or on my cell phone . But five years into what had essentially become an addiction to cell phone use , I realised that instead of keeping me connected to the world , my cell phone had set up a wall between me and the people and community around me . And I 'm not the only one . When hiking through Spain , off the Verizon grid of connectedness , I reflected on how cell phone use has crept into every aspect of daily life , ironically weakening the basic human communication that is the fabric of any community .
Billions of people across the world use cell phones . Though cell phones can be wonderful , liberating tools of communication , freeing us from the confines of an office and providing more leisure time , they often do the exact opposite . Cell phone use has blurred the boundaries between work and non-work time , increasing stress and tension within families and between friends . As Slate commented in his essay : `` It seems the more 'connected ' we are , the more detached we become . ''
Back on the hiking trail in Spain , I saw this play out in myriad ways . Though I was experiencing cell phone freedom , I found myself surrounded by people , mainly Europeans , on their phones , texting and talking with concerned family members and friends throughout the day . People were torn between developing friendships with strangers and contacting old friends and family they already knew .
There is a risk of being too connected . While I was hiking , I got lost a few times . I saw new sights and was surprised by unexpected landscapes and towns I would n't have otherwise come across . Back in the US , whenever I got lost , I would always call a friend for directions on my cell phone . With a cell phone , you 're less likely to go down the wrong street and see new things or unexpectedly meet new people .
So , when I recently returned home to Burlington , Vermont , I got rid of my cell phone and traded in an old , rusty bike for a regular landline telephone that is connected to the wall and everything . Now , I go outside and do n't immediately make a phone call or check my phone . Therefore , I 've seen things in my neighbourhood I never noticed before , like a big flower garden around the block and artwork and sculptures down the road . Now that I 'm not glued to my cell phone , I 've met new people on the street and at the supermarket , struck up conversations with neighbours I have n't spoken with before and talk with my friends face-to-face instead of over the phone .
Instead of cutting me off from the world , getting rid of my cell phone has helped me get in touch with my community . The other day , my neighbours and I marvelled together at a moose running down the street toward the lake . Somehow , that moose brought the neighbourhood together more than a cell phone ever could .
Arizona voters have a message for the Arizona Coyotes : Keep your hockey gloves off our tax dollars .
Seven out of 10 voters statewide and in Maricopa County say they oppose using sales tax dollars to help pay for a new hockey arena , according to a survey released Tuesday .
Eight out of 10 reject state legislation that would create a special taxing district to build an arena . That number grew to nine in 10 when poll respondents were told about the remaining public debt on the arena that Glendale built for the Coyotes in 2003 .
The city still owes $ 223 million in principal and interest payments over the next 17 years on Gila River Arena .
Overall , 65 percent of respondents statewide said the team should remain in Glendale .
READ Poll results on tax breaks for Arizona Coyotes
The new survey comes as a bill that would create a special taxing district for sports teams lies near death at the Capitol . The legislation would provide $ 225 million in public dollars for a projected $ 395 million arena project in the East Valley .
If the bill dies , the Coyotes options for a new arena appear to be down to tribal land in the East Valley . The team has said it is committed to remaining in the Valley while it operates on year-to-year leases at Gila River Arena .
The auto-dial survey was done by Coleman Dahm Layeux , a Phoenix-based political and public affairs consulting firm . Bert Coleman said his firm had no clients involved in the debate .
The firm surveyed 786 likely voters statewide - 39 percent Republican , 32 percent Democratic , 29 percent independent .
The poll 's margin of error is 3.58 percent .
Copyright 2017 KPNX
Sprint CEO Dan Hesse volunteered to give up a significant chunk of his pay .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney ) -- Sprint Nextel CEO Dan Hesse is taking a $ 3.25 million pay cuts because of the nasty toll the iPhone has taken on the company 's bottom line .
The move is an attempt to appease some of Sprint 's ( S , Fortune 500 ) most vocal shareholders , including the Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan , who oppose Hesse 's reelection to the company 's board .
The pension plan says that Sprint executives should tailor executive pay to the company 's recent performance . Sprint 's profit margins have been severely squeezed by the upfront subsidies the company pays to sell the iPhone , so the shareholders believe the executives ' pay should be reduced too .
The pension plan , which holds 3.9 % stake in the company , is an important voice for Hesse to listen to : It is Sprint 's fifth-largest shareholder , according to FactSet .
Rather than have every executive reduce his or her pay , Hesse volunteered to take the bullet for the rest of the team .
`` I do not want ... to penalize Sprint employees for the company 's investment with Apple , so I will forego this adjustment to my compensation , '' Hesse said in a letter to shareholders on Friday .
He added : `` I 'm hopeful that these actions will allow the company to remain focused on delivering the best overall customer experience in the wireless industry , which is what will serve the company best in the long run . ''
Reducing Hesse 's compensation by $ 3.25 million takes his salary and bonus for the last two years back to 2010 levels , before the iPhone launched on the company 's network . Hesse , who was set to pocket a total package of $ 15.6 million this year in salary , bonuses and stock-based compensation , effectively took a 21 % pay cut .
Sprint 's board approved the plan on Monday .
That was n't enough to resolve all of the pension plan 's gripes .
`` We view Mr. Hesse 's reduction in compensation as only partially alleviating our concerns , '' the group said .
It said it was disappointed that Hesse initially supported giving himself a pay raise , and that it continues objecting to aspects of Sprint 's complex executive pay plan `` that we continue to believe are inappropriate . ''
The group also suggested that Hesse was attempting to curry favor by taking the pay cut just a week before Sprint 's May 15 shareholders meeting , at which he is expected to face some tough opposition to his reelection .
Hesse estimated in October that Sprint would pay $ 15.5 billion in up-front iPhone subsidies over the next four years -- a hefty expense for a company with a dangerously thin capital cushion .
In the last three months of 2011 , the first full quarter in which Sprint sold the iPhone , the company 's adjusted wireless margin fell to 9.5 % , down from 16 % a year ago . Sprint said that its margins would have been nearly nine percentage points higher if not for the iPhone subsidy .
Yet Hesse continues defending the decision to sell the iPhone , predicting that it will one day be the company 's `` most profitable '' smartphone .
Some of the benefits of doing business with Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) have already begun to pay off for Sprint . Last quarter , Sprint said that iPhone sales helped drive wireless service sales up 7 % to $ 7.2 billion , and Sprint 's average revenue per user grew an astounding $ 4.03 from a year ago .
That ARPU growth -- one of the industry 's most closely watched metrics -- represented the largest year-over-year increase in U.S. wireless industry history .
Recently we got a peek at what the Army secretly thinks is coming next for humanity . This short , untitled film was leaked to The Intercept after being screened as part of an “ Advanced Special Operations Combating Terrorism ” course convened by Joint Special Operations University ( JSOU ) . Originally made by the Army , it 's about how troops will deal with megacities in the year 2030 . What 's surprising is that it acknowledges social problems that the US government usually ignores or denies .
Over at The Intercept , Nick Turse explains the film 's provenance :
The video was used ... for a lesson on “ The Emerging Terrorism Threat. ” JSOU is operated by U.S. Special Operations Command , the umbrella organization for America 's most elite troops ... Lacking opening and closing credits , the provenance of “ Megacities ” was initially unclear , with SOCOM claiming the video was produced by JSOU , before indicating it was actually created by the Army . “ It was made for an internal military audience to illuminate the challenges of operating in megacity environments , ” Army spokesperson William Layer told The Intercept in an e-mail . “ The video was privately produced pro bono in spring of 2014 based on ‘ Megacities and the United States Army ' ... The producer of the film wishes to remain anonymous . ”
Turse goes on to make fun of the film 's hyperbolic narrative and cheesy stock photos , which admittedly feel like a propaganda snippet from Starship Troopers . Despite the terrible delivery , however , the movie does some good science fiction world-building . The premise is that we 've mastered urban warfare , but our tactics only work in late 20th-century cities . Megacities , which are usually defined as urban areas with more than 15 million people , will change the game . The movie explores what social life will be like in such places , especially after climate change has made them more dangerous and the separation between rich and poor has been magnified beyond belief .
That 's right—the Pentagon acknowledges climate change as a serious threat . This stance is not a new one , and it highlights a rift between the armed forces and Congress . Likewise , economic catastrophe is tackled head-on in this video , with the military describing our class-divided future much like the Occupy movement did . With more people living in poverty , cities will become snarls of DIY electrical grids and ad-hoc social systems that rely on “ alternate forms of government ” and “ decentralized economies . ”
Strikingly , the megacities the Army imagines are like something from the pages of an early William Gibson novel . Rich people with unimaginable technologies live alongside shantytowns , and both groups are knit together by “ unaligned individuals ” who work “ in the shadows ” on digital weapons and social media counter-insurgencies . There , in a world where “ social structures will be dysfunctional , ” the Army imagines a “ nervous system ” of non-state actors further eroding national security by “ mingling with citizens ” to create new threats .
Like I said , the delivery is clunky and the imagery comes from stock photos , but whoever made this movie is familiar with many of the concerns in the best of contemporary science fiction . Plus , filmmakers look at future disasters without flinching and without pretending that climate change is a myth . And that 's why the scariest part of the film is the fact that it offers no solutions , only more combat . This is the dystopian military future , as imagined by the US military , where the wars go on forever .
Listing image by Program Executive Officer Soldier
In Sweden , a person must have a surname and one or more given names . Two given names are common . Surnames are inherited from the parents , in the order of `` same as elder sibling , if any ; specified by parents ; or mother 's last name , '' while given names must be chosen by the parents at birth . The calling name ( Swedish tilltalsnamn , French Prénom usuel ) by which the person is normally identified in conversation , is in Scandinavian countries ( and previously in France ) one of the given names , not necessarily the first . In contexts where the full name is spelled out , the calling name is often indicated by an asterisk , by capital letters , or underlines or italics . For example , Märta Birgit * Nilsson is known as Birgit Nilsson , while Agnetha * Åse Fältskog is known as Agnetha Fältskog .
Common calling names in Sweden by year of birth
Surnames [ edit ]
In Scandinavia , patronymic surnames based on the father 's first name were common . In Sweden , the patronymic ending is –sson , e.g . Karlsson ( `` Karl 's son '' ) . During the 19th century these `` son names '' were transformed into permanent family names . At about the same time , people of the Scandinavian middle classes , particularly artisans and town dwellers , adopted family names in imitation of the gentry . Ornamental family names joining two elements from birthplace or nature , such as Bergman ( `` mountain man '' ) , Holmberg ( `` island mountain '' ) , Lindgren ( `` linden branch '' ) , Sandström ( `` sand stream '' ) and Åkerlund ( `` field grove '' ) , were quite frequent and remain common today . [ 1 ]
Another source of surnames was the Swedish allotment system , which from the mid-late 17th century was organised to maintain a standing army , and where a number of farms were grouped together and then supported a soldier with a small cottage and piece of land . The soldiers were often given names either describing their character ( e.g . Modig 'brave ' , Skarp 'sharp ' or Snygg 'handsome ' ) , weapons ( e.g . Sabel 'sabre ' , Lans 'lance ' or Sköld 'shield ' ) or names joining two elements from nature as above . The name often followed the cottage rather than the soldier . These soldiers ' names became very common .
Before Sweden 's family name regulation act ( släktnamnsförordningen ) of 1901 , the patronymic was the most widely used instead of a surname .
Surnames amongst the Swedish gentry [ edit ]
Surnames in Sweden can be traced to the 15th century where they were first used by the gentry ( Frälse ) , i.e . priests and nobles . The names of these were usually in Swedish , Latin , German or Greek .
The adoption of Latin names was first used by the Catholic clergy in the 15th century . The given name was preceded by Herr ( Sir ) , like Herr Lars , Herr Olof , Herr Hans , followed by a Latinized form of patronymic names , e.g . Lars Petersson , Latinized as Laurentius Petri . Starting from the time of the Reformation , the Latinized form of their birthplace ( Laurentius Petri Gothus , from Östergötland ) became a common naming practice for the clergy . The Swedish family Benzelius was derived from Bentseby ( Bentse village ) in Luleå the birthplace of Ericus Henrici Benzelius Bothniensis who was the first to adopt the family name . The surname Retzius was from the lake Ressen , near to the Odensvi parish vicarage in Västervik . Later merchants and other social groups discarded the formerly used family names ( such as patronymic surnames ) and adopted occasionally high-sounding Latin surnames which conjured an image of an old family pedigree .
Another subsequent practice was the use of the Greek language with the ending with ander , the Greek word for man ( e.g . Micrander , Mennander ) . The use of surnames was still quite uncommon in the 17th century among the nobility and the educated class . Furthermore , the concept of hereditary surnames was also limited to a few families .
When a family was ennobled , it was usually given a name . In the 17th and 18th centuries , the surname was only rarely the original family name of the ennobled ; usually , a more imposing new name was chosen . This was a period which produced a myriad of two-word Swedish-language family names for the nobility ; very favored prefixes were Adler– ( German for 'eagle ' ) , Ehren– ( German for 'honor ' , Swedish ära ) , Silfver– ( 'silver ' ) and Gyllen– ( 'golden ' or 'gilded ' ) . Unlike a British peerage title ( `` Lord Somewhere '' ) , such a name became the new surname of the whole house , and the old surname was dropped altogether . The ennoblement ( in 1632 ) of Peder Joenson is a case in point , where the use of the old surname was discontinued and thus after the ennoblement Peder Gyllensvärd came into use . An illustration of the old name having an addition to it can be seen the ennoblement of the brothers Johan Henrik Lang and Lars Adam Lang ( in 1772 ) taking the surname Langenskjöld .
Outlawed/banned names [ edit ]
Since Sweden is a monarchy , the government has enacted laws that prevent commonfolk from having royal names . [ 2 ]
It is illegal to for a child to be named any of the following :
Metallica
Superman
Ikea
`` brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116 '' —Pronounced `` Albin '' [ 3 ]
See also [ edit ]
Construction of a new pool and community centre could begin in 2020 if all goes according to plan .
On Monday , New Westminster city council received an update on the plan for the replacement of Canada Games Pool and Centennial Community Centre . Preliminary estimates indicate the project could cost $ 100 million , but detailed design work and studies , including environmental and transportation , need to be done to provide a more accurate budget .
article continues below
“ Both of those buildings are starting to age and at the very least would require substantial investments just to keep them going , ” Mayor Jonathan Cote said about the existing facilities . “ In the end , we felt it was more prudent to move ahead with the renewal of that facility . That has started us down a journey over the last two years to get us to this important point . ”
Council has supported in principle a 114,295-square-foot building that would include aquatics , fitness and community spaces .
Council also endorsed a preferred facility concept design and supported building it in a single phase .
Paul Fast , a principal with MCMA Architecture , said there was tremendous input into the public engagement process , which helped determine the types of programming people want to see in the facility .
“ You have a very loyal older group of residents that are using the facilities currently , that have been for a very long time , but there 's a gap there in terms of the younger generation that is n't showing up at your facilities currently in the same numbers that we see in other facilities across the Lower Mainland , ” he told council . “ What this study tells us , what this survey told us , is those people will be influenced in terms of coming and participating in this facility . ”
According to Fast , the facility would have swum areas suitable for leisure swimming , such as a lazy river , lane swimming and competitive swimming .
Looking at future population growth , he said it was determined the facility should be able to accommodate an annual swim count of 500,000 people .
Fast said the site is constrained by a number of factors , including the presence of the fire hall at Sixth and McBride , the Justice Institute at Eighth and McBride and a sewer line that runs through the site .
“ Option A does n't really allow us enough area without going over that sewer line , so that really knocked Option A off the table , ” he said about site studies . “ Option B would work from a number of standpoints , except that it displaces Canada Games Pool from Day 1 , meaning , you are taking your pool out of operation for two years . Just from talks with your community and with staff , that is a significant price to pay , so that knocked option B off the table . ”
The city has endorsed Option C , which allows the existing facilities to remain open during construction . This option may require the recycling depot and all-weather field to be relocated .
The City of New Westminster will seek feedback on the plan from community members and stakeholders starting in January and report back to council in March . While consultation is taking place , work will also be done on various studies and discussions will take place with the Justice Institute about a possible shared parking structure .
“ I think we have hit an important milestone with where we are in the recommendation , but we still have a long journey ahead of us , ” Cote said .
THE NEW POOL : FAST FACTS
The new aquatic and community centre would include : a leisure pool for up to 450 people ; an aquatics tank ; change rooms ; a fitness centre ; a welcome centre ; multipurpose rooms ; a child-care facility that would be licensed for up to 37 children ; and two high-school-sized basketball gyms . The aquatics tank would have eight 54-metre lanes , two moveable bulkheads , a moveable floor and a one-metre and a three-metre springboard .
The pool facility would also have two hot pools , a parents viewing area and sauna and steam rooms .
The site would have 450 parking stalls .
The building would be about 114,300 square feet .
The preliminary budget estimate for the project is around $ 100 million . The city is doing work needed to prepare grant bids to senior governments to assist with funding .
More than 1,870 residents and stakeholders took part in the public engagement process in 2016 .
59 per cent of residents said they 'd be more likely to visit a new pool , with this increasing to 62 per cent among people aged 18 to 34 .
Swimming lessons ( 34 per cent ) , length swimming for fitness ( 32 per cent ) and leisure swimming ( 22 per cent ) are the most popular future priorities .
Based on a projected population of 100,000 residents , it 's expected the pool would have an annual swim count of 500,000 people .
Abu Abdullah al Habashi and Abu Dharda , both from London , are reported to have died in Syrian border town of Kobani
Two British citizens are understood to have been killed fighting for Islamic State in Syria .
Abu Abdullah al Habashi , 21 , and Abu Dharda , 20 , both from London , are reported to have died in the Syrian border town of Kobani .
Kurdish fighters have been defending the town from an Isis onslaught for the past two months with the assistance of some 270 American air strikes .
Al Habashi is believed to have made comments supporting Isis on social media and appeared in at least two propaganda videos posted online by the extremist group .
He grew up in north London in a British-Eritrean family , and converted to Islam when he was 16 .
Al Habashi told the BBC in August that he was at the “ forefront ” of fighting and claimed he was one of a few British jihadis who had fought with Isis in both Syria and Iraq .
His family tried to convince him to return to Britain but he had said he was happy in the Middle East and there was no going back .
Dharda , who is from a British-Somali background and grew up in west London , is understood to have travelled to Syria in December 2013 via Turkey .
It is thought that 500 Britons are fighting for Isis in Syria and about 27 are thought to have been killed .
A Foreign Office spokesman said : “ We are aware of reports of the death of two British nationals in Syria . The UK has advised for some time against all travel to Syria , where all UK consular services are suspended .
“ As we do not have any representation in Syria , it is extremely difficult to get any confirmation of deaths or injuries and our options for supporting British nationals there are extremely limited . ”
Isis continues to bring more fighters and weapons to Kobani but has still been unable to capture the besieged Syrian Kurdish town .
Retired Marine General John Allen , the US envoy for the coalition fighting Isis , said this week that the Islamic group had “ impaled itself ” on the town .
David Phillips , of Columbia University 's institute for the study of human rights and an expert on Kurdish issues , said the jihadis ' setback in Kobani was a statement of Isis 's vulnerability .
“ The aura of invincibility that built up with its advances over the summer has been shattered . Kobani is a small city and Isis placed great stock in winning , and now it 's been forced to turn tail , ” he said . “ [ Kobani ] is levelled but it may prove to be Islamic State 's Waterloo . ”
I recently discussed Polyamory and Non-Monogamy with two local therapists who facilitate a group that focuses on open relationships .
Jezzie Fulmen works at the LGBT Resource Center on campus and has a background in marriage and family therapy , `` working primarily with queer folk , polyamorous folk and doing some sex therapy . ''
Adam Zimbardo is a therapist with years of experience in sex therapy and often works with `` people who come with a little bit of extra sexuality stuff in their suitcase . ''
Fulmen recently updated the Davis Wiki page for the Polyamory/Non-Monogamy group . I contacted her shortly after and we arranged to have the following ( abridged ) conversation .
- What is Polyamory and how did the group form in Davis ?
Adam : We live in interesting times and the Bay Area has been sort of the epicenter for alternative sexual lifestyles for 40 years . One of those lifestyles has been open relationships , which has its roots in 60s open marriage and open love . It evolved in the 70s into swinger culture and in the 80s and 90s it evolved into its own little thing with its own little identity label , which is Polyamory .
There 's a lot of information on the Internet and in the Bay Area , but not so much in Davis . As soon as I opened my door here , I got a whole bunch of folks saying , `` We 're in a relationship that is not just two people . ''
There 's a lot of misinformation out there , so it 's extremely useful when you can come together ( in a group ) with folks who are actually practicing this kind of life . Poly folks have the same problems other folks have , but it 's compounded . It 's much more complicated , often .
In monogamous relationships , we 've got a clear sense of how that 's supposed to work . In Poly relationships , people are kind of making it up as they go along . There is n't a thousand-year tradition .
- How often do people come to Polyamory as an attempt to remedy an existing relationship ?
Adam : People do , but it tends to be a bad idea . That 's sort of like the people who go , `` Oh , our relationship is n't working , so let 's have a kid . '' It rarely helps . Your life is going to get more stressed out .
There are folks who are in a preexisting relationship and want to do some experimentation . There are also folks who are out there and saying , `` I 'm really committed to getting into a relationship that is not monogamous . ''
Jezzie : College is a really normal time to be dating around . We often have a humorous moment saying , `` Polyamory is what used to be called dating . ''
It 's pretty normal to be dating multiple people at the same time . Polyamory just emphasizes a set of values around that .
- What 's the current status of the group ?
Jezzie : I 'm pretty out on campus as being a queer woman and as being in a Poly relationship and having a Poly family . As students naturally learned that about me , they would come and talk to me about it . So many came to me that I said , `` We can have a group if you want to have a group . '' It was really student-driven .
Activity went up and down and then we hit summertime and it sort of went on hiatus . It did n't pick back up this year because nobody had picked it back up , until recently when I had a slew of students coming into my office saying , `` Hey , did n't there used to be a group ? Can we resurrect it ? ''
Now we 're in the phase of figuring out if there 's enough interest .
Adam : In a college town , everybody appears and disappears each semester . It 's not like the real world where people have a more steady work life and existence . That 's standard UCD stuff .
- What 's the distinction between openly dating and identifying as Polyamorous ?
Adam : The core difference is the identity part . Of people who are in relationships , the overwhelming majority will be monogamous and they 're going to be fine with that . One step up from that are people who think it 's an interesting idea , but probably too much trouble . One step up from there are people who are in a mostly monogamous relationship , but they have a little arrangement of some sort .
Only the tip of that pyramid says : `` This is my identity . This is who I am and it 's important for me to have a community around this . '' If you 're a couple and you sometimes have a threesome , you might not really need to have a support group .
- Is the number of people who identify as Polyamorous growing ?
Adam : I think , tremendously .
Jezzie : The divorce rate of this generation -- with so many kids growing up watching their parents get divorced -- has really contributed to a cultural shift around the idea that maybe 50 years of marriage is n't the best option for everybody . This ( current generation ) is the generation after divorce went up .
- What does a Polyamory group meeting look like ?
Jezzie : It 's really student-driven , so it could look like anything . What it looked like last year was super informal . We were hosted by the LGBT Resource Center on campus , so we would meet there . It really was just sitting around on couches . We started off with a check-in to see what was on people 's minds and then opened it up to a conversation for an hour . Mostly a discussion , really .
Adam : There 's a huge relief in just hearing that other people are struggling with this . A lot of information out there says `` Yay , yay , go Poly . Everyone can do this ; everyone should do this . It 's healthier . It 's more evolved . ''
A lot of the work I do as a therapist is with people who say , `` Something 's terribly wrong with this , '' and they need somebody to tell them that it 's totally normal ( to struggle ) .
Jealousy is a part of this . It 's not , `` Are you doing it right or are you doing it wrong ? '' It 's more like , `` What parts are working well for you and what parts are n't ? ''
Is the solution to do this differently , or to not do this at all .
- Do you ever recommend that certain people not do it ?
Jezzie : Yep .
Adam : The good version of that is when the couple ends up deciding as a couple , `` You know what , this is not going to work for us . '' Especially for those who have this fantasy in their head about having another person in bed and then in reality they decide , `` this is horrible , we fight all the time . '' It can be difficult to put that back in the fantasy file . The thought is fun , but it 's a logistical nightmare .
The slightly sadder outcome is when one partner is having the best time of their life and the other partner really is not , and that is common . Usually one partner brings up the idea and the other gives it a thumbs-up or a thumbs-down . It can work out great , or it can become a huge clusterfuck .
Jezzie : We 're not automatically Poly advocates . We have to be really clear with people that Poly 's not for everyone , and that 's cool . It 's not like better people are good at Poly and worse people are too insecure for it . I 'm for it for people it works for and I 'm for monogamy for people it works for . I 'm careful to explain that I 'm pretty neutral on it .
- Are relationships ever formed in the group ?
Adam : We do n't really have a history of relationships blossoming because of the group , but we have people who have hung out together and become friends . I 'd be happier to have a group where people are n't there for hooking up . It 's not a singles bar .
It 's great to interact with people who are going through something . Having a whole range of people in one room is super helpful .
- Tell me a bit about jealousy in open relationships .
Jezzie : People often struggle with what they perceive as Poly issues , but they 're really just relationship issues . A lot of times people say , `` We have jealousy issues because we 're Poly . '' It can be useful to remind them that it 's really just normal relationship issues . There 's no reason Poly would be exempt from that .
- What about having kids in a Poly relationship ?
Jezzie : People do it . A lot of folks we 've worked with are couples with kids and are in an open relationship . A lot times the kids have no reason to know about the structure of mom and dad 's relationship or mom and mom 's relationship . But the parents have got to be conscious of that .
Other times there are different structures of three people having kids , but that 's pretty rare .
- What would you like people in Davis to take away about Polyamory and open relationships ?
Adam : There are so many different ways to be in a relationship . The further away you get from ( the typical boy-girl marriage ) , the more complicated it is to have the relationship -- to find role modeling , guidance and support , both positive and negative .
A lot of things work and a lot of things do n't work . The process of evolution is finding out what works for you and what does n't work for you . That 's especially hard when you 're taking the complex path where it 's much harder to tell if you 're doing it right .
You can find the Davis Polyamory/Non-Monogamy Group on the Wiki and on Facebook .
LOS ANGELES — They began showing up at dusk last week , wandering the streets , slumped in wheelchairs and sitting on sidewalks , paper plates perched on their knees . By 6:30 p.m. , more than 100 homeless people had lined up at a barren corner in Hollywood , drawn by free meals handed out from the back of a truck every night by volunteers .
But these days , 27 years after the Greater West Hollywood Food Coalition began feeding people in a county that has one of the worst homeless problems in the nation , the charity is under fire , a flashpoint in the national debate over the homeless and the programs that serve them .
Facing an uproar from homeowners , two members of the Los Angeles City Council have called for the city to follow the lead of dozens of other communities and ban the feeding of homeless people in public spaces .
“ If you give out free food on the street with no other services to deal with the collateral damage , you get hundreds of people beginning to squat , ” said Alexander Polinsky , an actor who lives two blocks from the bread line . “ They are living in my bushes and they are living in my next door neighbor 's crawl spaces . We have a neighborhood which now seems like a mental ward . ”
And so , with all the predictability of an EastEnders plot line , Instagram has started back-pedalling on the controversial `` we own your photos '' policy that it had no intention of implementing in the first place .
It was such a predictable PR stunt that we told you exactly how it was going to pan out yesterday morning :
Yet , that still did n't stop half the world 's media from jumping on the `` story '' , writing hand-wringing pieces about this gross invasion of your rights , and following up this morning with self-congratulatory `` Instagram forced to back down '' stories . It was n't forced to back down . It never intended to sell people 's photos in the first place . It was a stunt designed to give the company two days of feverish press coverage at a time of year when its PR company knew absolutely nothing else was going on and would receive maximum attention . You 've been played , chaps . At least have the good grace to admit it .
Yet , the main reason that this is such an obvious non-story is that the enormous vault of heavily-filtered , smartphone snaps has no commercial value in the first place . It 's a gigantic , unsorted , poorly labelled mass of iffy photography . Even if someone was mad enough to pay for the content , there 's no meaningful way of searching the Instagram library in the first place .
Nobody wants to see blurry photos of your kids , your cat or your breakfast that have been bodged to look like a 1970s Polaroid , let alone pay for them .
Update 21 December 2012 : Instagram has now performed a full u-turn . A blog post from the Instagram CEO says : `` Because of the feedback we have heard from you , we are reverting this advertising section to the original version that has been in effect since we launched the service in October 2010 . ''
How tediously predictable .
Eric Draitser is an independent geopolitical analyst based in New York City and the founder of StopImperialism.com . He is a regular contributor to RT , Counterpunch , New Eastern Outlook , Press TV , and many other news outlets . Visit StopImperialism.com for all his work .
As the United States , along with its European and Israeli allies , prepares to launch yet another illegal war of aggression in the Middle East , the geopolitics of the US strategy could not be more apparent .
Despite the high-minded talk of humanitarianism , the US is advancing a transparently neo-colonialist agenda aimed at securing hegemony in the region by destroying what little opposition remains .
Lights…camera…war !
The images and videos flooding the internet since last week purport to show ‘ evidence ' of a chemical weapons attack perpetrated by the Assad regime . This development neatly and conveniently coincides with the declaration by the Obama administration that the use of such weapons constitutes a ‘ red line ' , merely a euphemism for the point at which the US would feel emboldened to militarily intervene on behalf of the rebels .
And so , as news outlets report on the ‘ likely use of chemical weapons ' by Damascus without anything other than unverifiable hearsay and ambiguous video footage , the drumbeat of war gets louder and louder .
A clear-thinking and rational political analyst would immediately be suspicious about the attack considering the presence of international chemical weapons investigators in Syria , as well as the fact that Damascus was undeniably winning the war against the jihadi rebel factions in cities like Qussair , Homs , Aleppo and elsewhere . That Assad would sabotage his own military victories and provide the perfect pretext for a foreign intervention is not only far-fetched , it runs contrary to his own record throughout this conflict . Remember that Damascus has shown restraint in the face of international war crimes committed against it by Israel , Turkey and other regional actors who have been fomenting the conflict in Syria for more than two years .
And so we see once again that we are living in what French philosopher and cultural critic Guy Debord called ‘ The Society of the Spectacle ' – a world in which representation of truth is more important than truth itself , where videos of unknown origin and without verification take the place of authentic evidence and investigation , where wars that will destroy millions of lives and future generations are manufactured by paid actors on television who merely masquerade as journalists .
All this leads many to wonder whether the United States is really as stupid as it seems . Could Washington actually believe that a war in Syria will actually benefit the US and its interests ? Could they truly be so short-sighted and unwilling to learn from past mistakes ? Although these questions would seem entirely valid , they presuppose that a war with Syria is actually the goal of a war with Syria . On the contrary , this illegal aggression against the sovereign Syrian Arab Republic is merely the opening phase of a greater regional war with the ultimate target being the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Smashing the Shiite crescent
In the decades since the revolution of 1979 which created the modern Islamic Republic of Iran , the US policy toward that country has been antagonistic and belligerent to such a degree that Iran has been forced , out of sheer necessity , to rely very heavily on its few regional and international allies . And so , given the political posture of Bashar Assad , like that of his father before him , Damascus has been viewed as Iran 's key political partner , providing Iran with a crucial ally along the border with Israel and a bridge to the Hezbollah organization in Southern Lebanon . Additionally , a multi-ethnic society like Syria with a dominant Shiite-Alawite demographic presents itself as a natural friend to Shiite Iran . However , the importance of this relationship does not stop at mere similarities .
Since the United States imposed draconian sanctions against Tehran , ostensibly over Iran 's alleged nuclear program , the economics of the Iran-Syria relationship have become even more significant . As Tehran has been increasingly frozen out of world energy markets due to US and European sanctions that make it difficult if not impossible to settle international debts with the Islamic Republic , it has been forced to find alternative methods and infrastructure to sell its oil and gas and maintain its fragile economy .
A centerpiece of this strategy is the Iran-Iraq-Syria gas pipeline deal signed last month . Intended to provide Iran with a new delivery route to the Mediterranean coast , giving it renewed access to the Eurasian landmass and markets , the pipeline is obviously a blow to US-Israeli attempts to strangle the regime in Iran economically . Syria , being the critical linchpin in this deal , figures significantly in the Iranian strategy to survive the sanctions , thereby necessitating Iranian involvement in the conflict if only to provide the critical support Assad needs to maintain control of the security of the country .
When one looks at the players involved in the war in Syria , it becomes clear that the Sunni monarchies – Saudi Arabia and Qatar primarily – have committed to the war in order to ensure their own continued hegemony , especially in terms of energy production . Qatar , being one of the world 's wealthiest gas exporters , views the growing relationship between Iran and Syria , especially the gas pipeline deal , as an existential threat to their own standing . The Saudis , long since mortal enemies and rivals of the Shia Iranians , also have come to view Syria as merely a battleground in the larger proxy war with Iran .
And then of course , there 's Israel . Perched comfortably on Syria 's border , Israel has played a key role in stoking tensions and fomenting unrest on the other side of the Golan Heights . Not only did Israel carry out a number of blatantly illegal bombings inside Syria 's borders , there have been dozens of mainstream accounts , including videos , of Israeli Special forces commandos inside of Syria . Naturally , Israeli intentions are to further their own interests which for decades have been centered on the destruction of Iran , their main regional competitor and rival .
Furthermore , as renowned author and geopolitical analyst F. William Engdahl has noted , Israel 's new gas discoveries off the Mediterranean coast add a new dimension to the struggle for dominance in the region . Engdahl writes , “ Now Israel faces a strategic and very dangerous dilemma . Naturally , Israel is none too excited to see Assad 's Syria , linked to Israel 's arch foe Iran , and Iraq and Lebanon out-compete an Israeli gas export to the EU markets . This could explain why Israel 's Netanyahu government has been messing inside Syria in the anti-Assad forces . ”
Of course , Israel is not an entirely independent actor . As a principal player in the US-dominated imperial system , Israel serves as the bad cop to Washington 's good cop on Iran . While the warmongers in Tel Aviv call for Iranian blood , the US is able to feign interest in nuclear negotiations to resolve the conflict and lift the sanctions . At the very same moment , the US , EU and Israel foment civil war in Syria precisely to weaken the Iranians , already isolated politically and economically , thereby showing that not only are they not interested in peace with Iran , they are implementing a multi-phased strategy to destroy that country .
Adding insult to injury , the continued instability and violence in Iraq has politically weakened Prime Minister Maliki , a key Iranian ally . With Baghdad and Damascus in chaos , Tehran will find it very difficult to continue to support Hezbollah , another important piece on the chessboard . So one can see without great difficulty that the war in Syria is , at a fundamental level , a means to an end – the end being the total destruction of the Shiite Crescent insofar as it represents resistance to the hegemonic designs of the US , Israel , and their puppet Sunni monarchies .
What has become ever more apparent in recent weeks and months is that the conflict in Syria is much larger than Syria itself . Like the Balkans almost exactly 100 years ago , Syria has become the proverbial powder keg in which Western leaders play with matches . Tragically , the diplomatic brinksmanship of the imperial powers in 1914 unleashed upon the world one of the greatest tragedies in the history of humanity : the First World War . As the United States prepares to commence yet another war , let us hope that world war is not once again the outcome .
The statements , views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT .
After a remarkable series of missteps in investigating neo-Nazi terror cell the National Socialist Underground ( NSU ) , the president of Germany 's domestic intelligence agency resigned his post on Monday . Heinz Fromm , 63 , submitted a request for early retirement at the end of this month , reported Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich .
Fromm is regarded as one of the most experienced security experts in Germany , and stood at the head of the country 's intelligence agency for 12 years .
Important documents shredded
The chief reason for his resignation : a neo-Nazi terror cell that operated for more than a decade undiscovered by security authorities , which murdered 10 people , including nine of non-German heritage and a German policewoman .
Of the NSU trio , only the woman is still alive - the two men apparently committed suicide
Last Wednesday , reports emerged that Fromm 's office , the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution , destroyed records after the terror group was uncovered . Those documents might have exposed how members of Fromm 's office collaborated with Thüringer Heimatschutz ( Thuringia Homeland Protection ) , a neo-Nazi group affiliated with the NSU .
By Thursday of this week , Germany 's Office of the Interior will evaluate an initial report from the domestic intelligence agency on the shredded documents . Interior Minister Friedrich will then report to the German parliament .
Early tips from Italy
Aside from destroyed documents , it has now been announced that German intelligence authorities received notice of a network of right-wing terror cells as early as 2003 . German daily Berliner Zeitung reports that this exchange was confirmed by a December 2011 document from Italian domestic intelligence agency AISI , addressed to Germany 's intelligence authorities .
The Italian intelligence office also informed authorities in Cologne about a meeting of European neo-Nazis in the Belgian town of Waasmunster in November , 2002 . Italian intelligence reports suggested that a network of militant European neo-Nazis was discussed at the meeting , and that German and Italian terrorists plotted potential attacks against businesses run by non-Europeans .
Demands for further action
The political opposition in Germany is not satisfied with the removal of Heinz Fromm from the head of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution , calling him a pawn whose resignation does nothing to clear up the scandalous series of events . The Social Democrats , the Greens and the Left Party have called for a fundamental reform of Germany 's intelligence offices .
Klaus Schröder , an expert on right-wing extremism with Berlin 's Free University , shares their view . Schröder told DW that controls must be installed that will help make the work of intelligence authorities more transparent to both politicians and citizens . And under certain circumstances , he believes a commission should be created to confidentially evaluate the work of intelligence agencies .
Could they have acted alone ?
Klaus Schröder believes further investigation is necessary
Further , Schröder believes the NSU case demonstrates that closer cooperation between the police and the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution is necessary .
`` This cooperation did not exist with respect to the NSU . In Germany , we have reasons drawn from history for dividing up the police and the intelligence office , but that can not be allowed to lead to a loss of cooperation , '' Schröder said
But he added a warning : `` It is a very complicated affair . If you declare someone a left- or right-wing terrorist too fast , then you 're creating a baseless scandal . But if you shut your eyes too long and something emerges , everyone will ask why you did n't see it coming . There are no cut-and-dry answers . Intelligence officers and those who work with them must be trained to be able to deal with anything . ''
Though the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution was perhaps best positioned to uncover the deeds , it 's also the case that many other groups , including the media and anti-Nazi associations , also overlooked the links between the murders committed by the terror group .
Schröder made the observation : `` It 's hard to imagine that this was the deed of just a few individuals - that two men and a woman who were able to commit such crimes for years , without supporters and conspirators , and go uncaught . ''
Which is why the many remaining open questions must continue to be looked into , he said .
Author : Günther Birkenstock / gsw
Editor : Sonya Diehn
Last year , the Government Accountability Office urged the TSA to pare back , if not entirely eliminate , their “ behavior screening ” program , saying there was no evidence it worked , and dubbing it a “ waste of money . ”
At the time the TSA 's leadership seemed to be taking the message to heart , with TSA chief John Pistole admitting that the program had never caught a single terrorist .
Today , it seems the whole thing went in one ear and out the other , as the latest reports out of Congress say that not only did the TSA not cut the program after GAO told them to , they actually kept expanding it .
Rep. Bennie Thompson ( D – MS ) dubbed the program an intrusion into the privacy of travelers , and one that had no scientific basis . The TSA did not respond to the complaints .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Putting trash out to the curb is not rocket science , but doing it right seems to be a challenge for some people . We went looking for a fire hydrant last week that was crushed by a car on St. Clair Ave . It was fixed when we arrived – which happens more often than you 'd think – but we found another problem no less worthy of our attention .
An appalling pile of garbage was put out for collection on St. Clair Ave last week , which violated multiple city bylaws about what can and can not be left at the curb for pickup . ( JACK LAKEY / Toronto Star )
An enormous pile of garbage had been left on the boulevard on the north side of St. Clair , west of Brimley Rd. , by someone who clearly did n't know the rules , or thought they applied to somebody else . It was as if a giant hand had picked up a one-bedroom apartment and shook it until everything tumbled out the door and onto the street , leaving a pile of trash strewn between the curb and sidewalk . It was so impressively disgusting that we could n't look away as we drove past . So we turned around , and not just out of grisly fascination , but because we knew it violated almost every rule about putting garbage out for collection .
Article Continued Below
A closer inspection revealed torn-open bags of rice on the grass – perfect for attracting rats and mice – along with other foodstuffs that should have gone into a green bin for compostable organics . A dog-eared couch and matching chair made of faux leather was surrounded by clothes , curtains and kids toys , as well as books and papers that looked like a child 's uncompleted homework . It amounted to a middle-fingered salute to the city 's rules and regulations on how and when to put out trash , so we shot photos and sent some to solid waste management services , along with a simple question : What 's wrong with this picture ? STATUS : A spokesperson for solid waste emailed to say “ the boulevard has been cleared and a notice of violation has been issued to the homeowner by Municipal Licensing and Standards. ” The email identified many violations , including : “ items not in ( green , grey or blue ) bins ; - items not sorted into recycling and garbage ; ( cardboard ) boxes not broken down ; items must be out on the correct collection day ; - recycling and garbage should not be out on the same day ( recycling and organics are picked up one week and garbage and organics the next week ) ; the City does pick up oversized items on garbage collection day , however the desk in the picture would need to be broken down into more manageable-sized pieces. ” A waste collection calendar is delivered to every home in the city , which provides pickup dates for all types of trash and precise details on how and when to put out just about anything . The information is also online at www.toronto.ca/recycle . It 's essential reading for everyone .
Our view : Gun laws are taking a radical turn
When it comes to gun fights , things are pretty quiet on the Potomac these days . Democrats , cowed by the National Rifle Association 's political clout , have no taste for pushing gun control up the agenda . And even if they did , the landmark 2008 Supreme Court ruling that the Second Amendment provides a right for individuals to own guns largely leaves them disarmed .
OPPOSING VIEW : Restricting firearms makes us less safe
The states , however , are another matter . Gun rights activists have taken their national victories not as a reason to pat themselves on the back , but as reason to push forward with an agenda that ranges from radical to idiotic .
Last month , for instance , Wyoming joined Arizona , Alaska and Vermont to become the fourth state to allow concealed firearms with no permit whatsoever . Also last month , Mississippi removed most of the exceptions to its concealed weapons law , allowing people to take guns to sporting events , and into bars , churches , schools and colleges , among other places . Just this month , North Dakota joined more than a dozen other states that have said an employer can not ban an employee from bringing a weapon to work , so long as it is kept in the worker 's vehicle .
Editor 's note An earlier online version of this editorial stated that Wyoming , instead of Mississippi , had removed most of the exceptions to its concealed weapons law . The error was caused by a technological glitch and the text has been amended .
Even if you view this as a legitimate exercise of personal freedom , it 's hardly wise , or without limitations on the freedom of others . Take the rights of property owners , for instance . Under many of these laws , businesses can not object to someone bringing a weapon onto their premises .
Pennsylvania , meanwhile , is on the verge of becoming the latest to join the craze of states passing laws described as `` stand your ground '' by supporters and `` shoot first '' by critics . These give people who use deadly force in public places many of the same protections they might have in defending their homes from an intruder . They remove an individual 's obligation to retreat from a threatening situation if such an option exists . And in many cases they provide a legal defense should he or she kill or injure an innocent bystander by mistake .
What we are seeing is a systematic campaign for a doctrine of guns anywhere , anytime and in the hands of just about anyone , without consequence for irresponsible actions . When the gun lobby first started winning concealed carry laws about two decades ago , it said that vigorous background checks and permitting procedures should be maintained , and that some places should remain gun-free . Having won such laws in most states , it is now working to undo those parameters .
The gun lobby is also going after the two states ( Wisconsin and Illinois ) that do not allow concealed firearms , and the nine that leave the issuance of a permit to the discretion of law enforcement . In its one major foray into Congress recently , gun extremists fell just two votes shy in the U.S. Senate on a 2009 bill that would have forced any state to recognize a carry permit issued by any other state . That measure — a monumental infringement on states rights and local governance , to say the least — would have forced urbanized states dealing with gangs , drug lords and other violent criminals to essentially adopt gun rights deemed appropriate in more rural states .
These are precisely the kinds of results that opponents of gun rights predicted during the multi-decade debate over the confused meaning of the Second Amendment . From a constitutional perspective , the Supreme Court may have gotten it right . But from a standpoint of public safety , lawmakers are getting it very wrong . A right to keep and bear arms should come with restraints that equally protect those who have no interest in owning them .
Brent Jones . For publication consideration in the newspaper , send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ 's . To report corrections and clarifications , contact Standards Editor . For publication consideration in the newspaper , send comments to letters @ usatoday.com . Include name , phone number , city and state for verification . To view our corrections , go to corrections.usatoday.com
OAKLAND — Two women have been charged for their suspected roles in the killing of another woman who died Oct. 2 , three weeks after she was shot while riding in a car with them in East Oakland , according to authorities and court records .
Charged with murder and carrying a loaded firearm on one 's person in a city was Diamond Cooper , 19 . Charged with being an accessory after the fact was Tonea Thomas , 19 .
Authorities said the two suspects lived together in San Jose and were friends with the victim , Schevette Butts , 62 , of Oakland .
Butts was shot Sept. 12 while a passenger in a car with the suspects . She died Oct. 2 at Highland Hospital .
Want to share your thoughts on this ? Join the conversation on the Oakland Tribune Facebook page .
According to authorities and court documents , the three were in a Honda Accord driving in the 7100 block of International Boulevard when the shooting happened . Thomas was driving , Butts was in the front passenger seat and Cooper was in the rear seat .
According to court records and authorities , Thomas passed a loaded semi-automatic pistol to Cooper who “ manipulated ” it in such a way a bullet was negligently fired , hitting Butts in the lower rear part of her body .
The two suspects drove Butts to Highland Hospital where they gave officers false information before leaving on foot , according to court records . The gun , a shell casing , and slug were recovered inside the car , authorities said .
The case originally was assigned to felony assault unit Officer James Pulsipher who was able to identify the suspects through video surveillance and witnesses . Both suspects were arrested in San Jose on Oct. 12 and were formally charged Friday .
`` Why ca n't you stop being an audiophile ? ''
The question took me off-guard . It did n't come from one of the usual suspectsa hostile anti-audiophile , or a non-audiophile who simply ca n't fathom why we should care so much about something as nonessential as sound reproductionbut from Louis , a sharp dressed , goateed , middle-aged man who was known , among his audio repair shop 's clientele , for not only his virtuosity as a classical solo violinist , but his expertisesome would say his preternatural abilityin setting up turntables to sound their very best .
Which explains why , on the day he asked me the question , Louis was in possession of my Rega Research Planar 5 turntable . An hour earlier I 'd brought it to his shop , where he had partially dismantled and laid it out on his worktable . He was going to equip it with my new Denon DL-103 cartridge and headshell , the aluminum-lithium version modified by Audio Musikraft with ipe-wood inserts , after which he was to thoroughly , meticulously fine-tune my turntable , as only he can .
Despite his stooped , slender frame , Louis 's reputation has made of him an intimidating , larger-than-life figure , and in my surprise at his question I responded like a babbling idiot . `` It 's about the playback equipment , right ? It smells good and feels good and has , uh , good shapes . '' I could feel heat vapors emanating off my face . I was blushing , for heaven 's sake . `` And the audio , right ? Hearing new things . New meanings . All that good ol ' audiophile stuff . ''
At the heart of my blathering clichés was a fact : Nothing I can buy , unpack , and insert into some aspect of my daily life , in any other product category , has the power to make everything seem right with the world to the extent that audio gear canjust as discovering new fragments and meanings of musical art through better sound can still overwhelm me with rapture , wonder , and gratitude .
Louis would have none of it . `` Mais non , '' he said , rising from his stool to point a bony finger at me . `` Find me the answer , or I will not return your turntable to you , compris ? '' Before I could protest , he said , `` But ! I promise you that once I 'm done with it , your turntable will sound better to you than any audio component you 've ever heard . Do we have a deal ? ''
He extended a hand . Grudgingly , I shook it .
Come next day , I thought I 'd found the answer to Louis 's question . Surely it had to do with the fact that audio was my most consistent companion . I could count on itcount on it more , in some ways , than the people closest to me in life .
Chalk it up to pragmatism . As audio technology has made it easier for me to enjoy better sound quality when , where , and how I want itto have , in effect , liberated my audio-listening experienceit has made it possible for me to never have to feel completely alone . Wherever I am , at any given time of day , audio has my back . I called Louis to tell him so .
He was not impressed . `` Wrong answer , monsieur , '' he rasped .
I called him early next morning to try my luck again . `` Community ! '' I shouted into the receiver . `` Our sense of community with other hobbyists is why we ca n't stop being audiophiles . '' I heard a guttural sigh . The line went dead .
Over the next few days , growing feelings of dejection and desperation had me , far more than usual , seeking solace in the process of listening to music through quality hi-fi . Ah-ha ! I thought . The answer must lie in how audio makes us feel . Another audiophile cliché , to be sureexcept that I could not , at that moment , imagine a better explanation of why we keep listening to and upgrading our hi-fis : A high quality of sound reproduction makes us feel good . And , naturally , what makes us feel good we then crave more of .
Alas , Louis had other ideas . Like a deadeye assassin , he shot me down with a single bullet : `` Non ! ''
I was beginning to lose sleep . My appetite shrank . I picked fights with my wife and children over nothing .
I had finally had enough . Screw the Regaat this point , more than wanting my turntable back , I needed to know , as soon as I couldfor the sake of my sanity and my family 's well-beingthe answer to Louis 's question .
I barged into his shop . He sat cross-legged on his stool facing me , my turntable already boxed up , neatly taped , and sitting next to him on his worktable . I demanded to know the answer .
He cocked an eyebrow . `` The answer is scurrying up your windpipe at this instant , '' he said . `` Do you feel it ? ''
I did . Then it stopped , and my voice took over . `` Audio defines me . '' I paused , wondering if my words would continue without me . They did n't . `` Audio has been a part of my life for so long that it is now inseparable from who I am . Audio owns . . . '' My bottom lip trembled .
`` Sssay it , '' Louis hissed .
`` Audio owns . . . my soul . '' I burst out in an awkward laugh . `` Audio owns my soul ! ''
There it was , inside me all alongthe answer to Louis 's question . And , suddenly , it was all over .
`` Voilà ! '' With a sparkle in his eye , Louis handed me my turntable . `` It will be the best thing you 've ever heard . ''
I smiled , and nodded appreciatively . I could n't wait to hook it up.Robert Schryer
Sarah Tew/CNET
BARCELONA -- Microsoft 's Stephen Elop was mum about the how the company 's first flagship Lumia phone would stand out from the competition , but offered a little bit of direction .
And it pointed straight to the Surface Pro 3 .
`` There are a few clues on a device like this , '' Elop said in an interview as he grabbed a Surface Pro 3 on the table .
Elop , who runs the company 's devices and services group , touted the stylus and handwriting capability of the Surface Pro 3 tablet , as well as the ability to share information in meetings , as key features that Microsoft continues to focus on . `` What do you do , '' he asked , `` to take those classes of experience to a new level , in a way people have never seen before ? ''
His comments signal potential areas of interest like a stylus , which could help Microsoft build a premium smartphone strong enough to compete with the likes of Apple 's iPhone 6 and Samsung 's brand-new Galaxy S6 . Having a flagship device in the portfolio is critical to Microsoft clawing its way back up the smartphone ladder because it targets consumers in mature markets like the US and Europe , while giving the entire brand an aspirational lift .
Elop said that a flagship smartphone would arrive with the launch of the Windows 10 operating system , but Microsoft has n't given a specific time frame . In the meantime , the company has been focusing on an array of affordable smartphones targeting emerging markets and budget-conscious consumers , including Monday 's debut of the Lumia 640 and Lumia 640 XL .
Microsoft pushed the themes of productivity hard at its press event at the Mobile World Congress trade show here , stressing that universal apps on the forthcoming Windows 10 operating system will transfer a person 's work seamlessly from the laptop to the tablet to the phone and back again .
`` The most important thing is getting the user experience that works across multiple platforms correct , '' Elop said .
Stylus a tough sell
Sarah Tew/CNET
The number of devices launched with stylus support for writing and navigation are extremely low in the post-iPhone era . The stylus is a technology that Apple founder Steve Jobs despised .
`` If you see a stylus , they blew it , '' Jobs said at an Apple event in 2010 .
Samsung 's Galaxy Note series is the poster child for the tool , culminating in the Galaxy Note 4 .
Galvanized by Samsung 's surprising success with the Note , LG included a stylus in two of its phones , most recently the LG G3 Stylus .
Even without a specialized pen , plenty of apps make use of a person 's index finger rather than a separate pen attachment , so Microsoft could go in that direction rather than bundle in a discrete tool .
Transcendent experiences
Microsoft is eager to get Windows 10 rolling because it 'll be the first time the company will have a common platform across all of its devices , including smartphones , tablets and desktop PCs . The company plans to upgrade hundreds of millions of people to Windows 10 .
`` It takes a lot of work to get there , '' Elop said .
Still , Windows Phone is in a tough position . In 2014 , it held 2.7 percent of the market for smartphone operating systems , down from 3.3 percent a year ago , according to market researcher IDC . In comparison , Android solidified its lead by growing its share to 81.5 percent .
Sarah Tew/CNET
Then there is the rise of low-cost smartphone manufacturers like China 's Xiaomi and India 's Micromax , which are beginning to dominate their local markets with low prices and decent specifications -- the same philosophy as Microsoft -- but running on the more popular Android devices .
`` We think about them all the time , '' he said .
While companies like Xiaomi have hit upon capabilities that are relevant to the local market , `` there are certain experiences that transcend that , '' he added .
The Lumia line originated with once potent phone maker Nokia and came to Microsoft through its $ 7 billion acquisition a year ago of Nokia 's devices business , which had traditionally struggled in the US . Things are n't any different now . `` The United States is our most challenging market , '' he said .
But Elop hopes that the combination of a flagship smartphone and Windows 10 could shake things up .
MUMBAI : Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee 's rivers interlinking project is a priority of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and it will be `` considered '' very soon by the Union cabinet , Railway minister Suresh Prabhu said today . `` The dream project of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji , the interlinking of all rivers is a priority in Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's agenda and the project will be considered very soon by Union cabinet as it would be beneficial for the entire nation , '' Prabhu said.He was addressing a gathering here to mark former Prime Minister Vajpayee 's 91st birthday.The programme was organized by Mumbai BJP general secretary Amarjeet Mishra and his NGO Abhiyan.Prabhu , who has served in the Vajpayee Cabinet , said in his tenure , Vajpayee had emphasised to develop the infrastructure in the country and the 'Indian Rivers Inter-link ' was proposed with an aim to link Indian rivers by a network of reservoirs and canals to reduce persistent floods in some parts and water shortages in other parts of the country.On the occasion , Assam and Nagaland Governor Padmanabhan Acharya conferred the ' Atal Samman ' to veteran journalist and former Vice Chancellor of Makhanlal Chaturvedy University Achyutanand Mishra for his work in journalism.Acharya said there is a lack of infrastructure and resources in all eight states of North East India . `` The poor people of north-eastern states need special help from the Union government as well from other states , '' Acharya said.Actress Padmini Kolhapure , Dipika Chikhalia Topiwala , Sudha Chandran , Manoj Joshi , Rajpal Yadav and Shabbir Kumar read Vajpayee 's poems.Two documentaries produce by Amarjeet Mishra , Mumbai BJP general Secretary , were also shown in the function.Vajpayee turned 91 yesterday .
Caught on camera : Man breaks into Salem non-profit Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved This man was caught on camera breaking into Garten Services in Salem . ( Courtesy ) [ + - ] Video
KOIN 6 News Staff - SALEM , Ore. ( KOIN ) -- On Friday , Garten Services in Salem , a non-profit organization that supports people with disabilities , said they were broken into .
Because of this , Jared Wimp , a worker at Garten , decided to place a camera near the entrance , one that would give a clear view of any outside activity or possible break-in . And oh did it ever .
Wimp 's camera caught a man smashing the window and breaking in to Garten at around 4 a.m. on Tuesday . It also gives a clear look at his face .
`` The fact we actually got such clear pictures was literally because I just decided to put it up there at the last minute , '' Wimp said .
`` I was literally in the lab going , 'Yes , I got him . ' ''
The break-in resulted in approximately 35 cell phones taken , as well as some chargers and a couple laptops . The organization , which provides vocational , day activity and retirement services for people with developmental disabilities , is offering a $ 100 reward for any information about his identity .
Clay Warner , the recycling manager at Garten , said not only are the alleged burglars stealing from Garten , but also the people they serve .
`` That 's what makes it hurt so much is because that 's what you 're hurting , '' Warner said , `` ( It ) is the people with disabilities and our opportunity to help them . ''
Warner said they 've seen the guy captured on video around the non-profit before . They 're hoping the video can help put a name to his face .
`` We know who the guy is , '' Warner said . `` In fact we even say him yesterday drive by on his bike -- same coat , same guy like nothing happened . ''
KOIN 6 News will have more information on this story later today .
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
NERMEEN SHAIKH : We turn now to the latest news on the so-called “ kids for cash ” scandal in Pennsylvania , in which judges took money in exchange for sending thousands of juvenile offenders to for-profit youth jails . In 2011 , former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was convicted of accepting bribes for putting juveniles into detention centers operated by the companies PA Child Care and a sister company , Western Pennsylvania Child Care . Ciavarella and another judge , Michael Conahan , are said to have received $ 2.6 million for their efforts .
Some of the young people sentenced under their watch were jailed over the objections of their probation officers . In 2009 , Democracy Now ! spoke with one of the young people who spent almost a year in one of the juvenile detention centers after being sentenced by Judge Ciavarella as a first-time offender . This is Jamie Quinn .
JAMIE QUINN : I was about 14 years old , and I got into an argument with one of my friends . And all that happened was just a basic fight . She slapped me in the face , and I did the same thing back . There were no marks , no witnesses , nothing . It was just her word against my word . My only charges were simple assault and harassment . And I did n't even know that charges were pressed against me until I had to go down to the intake and probation and fill out a whole bunch of paperwork .
AMY GOODMAN : I asked Jamie Quinn in 2009 about the action Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella took in her case after taking bribes to do so . This was her response .
JAMIE QUINN : It just makes me really question other authority figures and people that we 're supposed to look up to and trust . I mean , Ciavarella has been a judge for a long time , from what I know , and a well-respected one , is what I thought . And obviously not . It just really makes me question and not trust other people . I mean , if someone like Judge Ciavarella could do this , then it makes me believe that anyone can betray the law and—I do n't know .
AMY GOODMAN : Well , now the private juvenile detention companies at the heart of the kids-for-cash scandal in Pennsylvania have settled a civil lawsuit for $ 2.5 million . The state has also passed much-needed reforms aimed at improving its juvenile justice system and ensuring that such abuses are n't repeated .
For more , let 's go to Philadelphia to Marsha Levick , chief counsel of the Juvenile Law Center , which helped expose the corrupt judges and represented the families ' class action suit .
Welcome back to Democracy Now ! , Marsha . Just lay out this latest settlement , which follows an earlier one a few years ago , and just the horror of this . These two judges who were found guilty of bribing are in prison now ?
MARSHA LEVICK : The two judges are in prison . The latest settlement is a fairly straightforward settlement , as you described it : $ 2.5 million that will provide further compensation to the juveniles . I really think that this is an opportunity , obviously , to close another chapter on what happened in Luzerne County .
And I would add , I think , really listening to the story leading up to this about the private for-profit centers elsewhere , it 's really important , I think , for us as a country , I think , for your listeners , to know that while we can talk about what happens in private centers , some of which , frankly , are not-for-profit , the same kinds of abuses can occur in state-run facilities , as well .
NERMEEN SHAIKH : What do you see , Marsha Levick , as the wider implications of the settlement that was reached ?
MARSHA LEVICK : I think that the wider implications are for us to continue to shine a spotlight on how we , as a country , treat children who are convicted of crimes . We treat them harshly . We—I think that this notion of whether or not private centers are providing the same services as public centers , we need to ask ourselves : What kind of services do we want to be providing for children ?
In Pennsylvania , I think that by exposing what happened with the judges scandal , we 've also had an opportunity to achieve great reforms . We have really changed statutory policies in Pennsylvania with respect to children 's right to counsel , with their ability to obtain appointed counsel on their own , presuming that they in fact do n't have financial resources to do that . We have eliminated , for the most part , shackling in Pennsylvania courtrooms . We have provided and required that judges give a statement of reasons . So when judges in Pennsylvania commit children to public or private-run centers , they need to have an explanation for why they 're doing that . And I think the kinds of stories that we 're hearing about what might be happening in Florida or California , for example , we do n't have the same kinds of protections . We do n't have the same kind of transparency in place .
AMY GOODMAN : In 2011 , Sandy Fonzo confronted former Judge Ciavarella outside the courtroom after his sentencing . Fonzo 's son , Edward Kenzakoski , was sentenced by Ciavarella to a youth jail and then a four-month boot camp . Edward committed suicide in June of 2010 . Confronting Ciavarella , Sandy Fonzo blamed the judge for her son 's death .
SANDY FONZO : My kid 's not here ! He 's dead , because of him ! He ruined my [ bleep ] life ! I 'd like him to go to hell and rot there forever !
SECURITY GUARD : Ma'am , come on .
SANDY FONZO : No ! You know what he told everybody in court ? They need to be held accountable for their actions . You need to be ! Do you remember me ? Do you remember me ? Do you remember my son ? An all-star wrestler ? He 's gone ! He shot himself in the heart ! You scumbag !
AMY GOODMAN : That was Sandy Fonzo , whose son committed suicide after being put away by Judge Mark Ciavarella . She was yelling at him right outside the courtroom after he was convicted . Marsha Levick , we just have a minute . Do you feel that justice has been done in this case ?
MARSHA LEVICK : Oh , I think we 're still in process . There are a couple of defendants whom we are still litigating against . I think that we have achieved remarkable progress . I think that the settlements , I think that the convictions of the two judges and their current incarceration are all putting pieces of the puzzle together . But I think—again , I think as the story leading up to our conversation this morning illustrates , there 's much more to be done across the country . This is a national story . It 's still a national problem . And I think that these conversations , hopefully , are wake-up calls about the kinds of reforms that we need to continue to be thinking about for our kids .
AMY GOODMAN : What 's happened to those prisons for kids in Pennsylvania , the ones that were involved with bribing the judges who are now in jail ?
MARSHA LEVICK : They continue to operate . And they—the litigation was not about conditions within these facilities . They continue to bribe—to provide services . This was really about—really , primarily , the action of the judges , their behavior in the courtroom , and how they were so willing to remove children from their homes with really very little due process and very little regard for their rights or interests .
AMY GOODMAN : Marsha Levick , we want to thank you very much for being with us , co-founder , chief counsel of the Juvenile Law Center based in Philadelphia . The Juvenile Law Center helped expose the corrupt judges , is now involved in the families ' class action suit .
Nazha Mohammed was pale and silent in her mother 's arms , on the edge of listlessness . At 2 months old , she was one of the youngest children inside a high school where several hundred Yemenis have sought refuge from conflict .
“ There 's no milk for her , ” explained her father , Mohammed Yahya .
Yemen 's populist uprising and the political crisis that followed have pushed the country to the brink of a humanitarian emergency , according to the United Nations and aid agencies . And children have been hit especially hard .
Malnutrition rates are rising . Children are , more than ever , vulnerable to life-threatening illnesses and diseases . They are being deployed as soldiers by all warring sides , and scores have been killed in the crossfire . Many schools have been shut down .
“ It 's absolutely valid to say children are bearing the biggest brunt of the political situation here , ” said Geert Cappelaere , UNICEF director in Yemen .
Of all the countries in the Arab world altered by populist revolts last year , Yemen was by far the poorest and least developed . The country has long faced multiple crises , from a civil conflict in the north to a secessionist movement and strife in the south . That has prevented aid agencies from adequately providing assistance to many areas and plunged ordinary Yemenis into a downward spiral .
Their situation has worsened over the past year , according to aid workers . The embattled government of President Ali Abdullah Saleh , which for years lacked authority over much of the country , was preoccupied with remaining in power . Fresh conflicts , including a raging battle between the government and Islamist militants , have disrupted basic services ; water , fuel and electricity shortages affect nearly every aspect of life , from hospital operations to trash collection . Food prices are rising , and health services have collapsed .
In a nation in which half the population is younger than 18 , many aid workers fear that the political crisis and the problems it has spawned will be felt beyond this generation of children .
“ Development gains have been erased . In some areas , they have gone back five to 10 years , ” Cappelaere said . “ Today , we 're like a fire brigade , extinguishing one fire but never sure it will not start again tomorrow . And while we are responding to one fire , there are three other fires starting elsewhere . ”
Hampered by trauma
Girls , especially from rural areas , face conditions that are even more dire . With rising poverty and increased displacement from the violence , many now have to take on more responsibilities , in a nation that already has the lowest school enrollment rate for girls in the Middle East . Aid workers worry about an increase in families marrying off young daughters to ease financial pressures .
Many children also grapple with symptoms of social and psychological traumas , such as constant nightmares , that could hamper their development , aid workers and psychologists say . “ Every time they hear a plane , they get scared and run away , ” Safaa Ali , a UNICEF-funded worker who works with psychologically traumatized children , said in a report published on UNICEF 's Web site .
Meanwhile , with Yemen fragmented into numerous centers of power , aid agencies are forced to get the approval of as many as 20 or 30 tribal leaders before they can provide services to a single area .
In the north , one of the most devastated parts of the country , Shiite Houthi rebels control three governorates and have long been suspicious of Westerners . Cappelaere recounted an incident last year in which Houthi leaders refused to allow children to be immunized because the vaccines were made in the United States .
“ You may be poisoning our children , ” a Houthi official told him . So UNICEF had to fly in vaccines made in India , Cappelaere said .
Encamped in classrooms
Tens of thousands of Yemenis have come to Aden after being displaced by fighting in nearby Abyan province , where government forces are battling militants linked to al-Qaeda who have taken over large swaths of the province . The refugees are encamped in about 60 schools in this southern port city . For tens of thousands of children here , that has meant the loss of an entire school year — as it has for children in the capital , Sanaa , and other cities roiled by political unrest .
In Lutfi High School , 76 families , including 150 children , reside in classrooms , as many as three families to a room . Boys , some as young as 8 , are often made to wash cars or sell snacks on the streets to help provide for their families .
“ My children ca n't sleep , ” said Yahya , 31 , father of the 2-month-old who needs milk . He fled with his four children from the city of Zinjibar , 35 miles to the north , last year . “ I do n't know what will happen to them . ”
Salah Nasser Nashir , 34 , fled Zinjibar in July . Last month , his pregnant wife started bleeding . When he took her to a hospital , he was told that there was a shortage of blood and that he would have to pay for a supply — or find donors quickly .
So he sold some rations given to him by a local aid agency and rushed back to the hospital to save his wife .
“ The baby died anyway , ” he said .
You ever think of the perfect response to a put-down after the moment has already passed ? It 's the worst . Especially because you spend the next few days rolling around the kitchen floor , your body fully slathered in the peanut butter of shame , denigrating yourself over and over while loudly proclaiming , `` That 's what I should have said ! '' Actually , that 's never happened to me . Well , not the part with the peanut butter at least , but I imagine it 's quite common .
Getty
PROTIP : Have your dog lick it off you to heighten the self-loathing .
Throughout history , however , there have been the quick-thinking great ones who were presented with the perfect setup and , rather than botching it , proved their point or defended themselves with a punchline of just a few hilariously well-chosen words . It 's the kind of quick-thinking wit you just do n't see with today 's celebrities .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Let 's cut to the chase : The closing of the Azaz corridor , a major supply artery for the `` moderate rebels '' in Syria , should be viewed as a crippling military defeat for the United States .
As analysts have pointed out , US Secretary of State John Kerry repeatedly implored Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to keep the Azaz corridor open .
No more CIA-supplied guns for 'moderate ' rebels
The New York Times now explains why Kerry was so anxious :
Mr. Kerry enters the negotiations with very little leverage : The Russians have cut off many of the pathways the C.I.A . has been using for a not-very-secret effort to arm rebel groups , according to several current and former officials . Mr. Kerry 's supporters inside the administration say he has been increasingly frustrated by the low level of American military activity , which he views as essential to bolstering his negotiation effort .
For at least the last three years , the CIA has been smuggling arms into Syria via Turkey and Jordan . Not anymore . The rebels are increasingly cut off from their arms suppliers -- and the US is now begging for peace .
This conflict is far from over , and despite reports of a tentative peace agreement , escalation still remains a very grim possibility .
But the US has been outplayed in Syria . Period . The CIA will have to go crawling back to Langley with its tail between its legs -- until it finds a new country to destabilize . Maybe Turkey ?
Eighty years ago , BMW revealed the groundbreaking R5—a machine that influenced motorcycle design right up to the 1950s , and still casts a spell over custom builders .
Today , at the Villa d'Este on the shores of Lake Como in Italy , BMW has just revealed the modern-day Hommage—designed in–house , and built with the help of Swedish master craftsmen Ronna and Benna Norén of Unique Custom Cycles .
The Hommage is an intriguing ( and drop-dead gorgeous ) blend of historic design cues and modern custom building techniques .
“ In today 's world , it is very simple to keep it complicated , but very complicated to keep it simple , ” says Ola Stenegärd , BMW 's Head of Vehicle Design ( centre , below ) .
“ The BMW R5 captured the very essence of a motorcycle . Our aim was to transport that clarity and elegant aesthetic appeal to the modern era—creating a respectful combination of old-school and high-tech with a dash of high performance . ”
We 're pleased to hear that no original R5s were damaged or pillaged in the making of this machine .
At the core of the build is an original 500 cc R5 boxer engine provided by enthusiast Sebastian Gutsch—an engine that was damaged in a race and is now restored to better than new .
The rest of the BMW R5 has been elaborately handcrafted from scratch . Working off specifications provided by the BMW Motorrad design team , the Norén brothers used their thirty years of bike-building experience to produce the parts needed to bring the Hommage to life .
That includes the valve covers and the breastplate of the boxer engine , which were machined from billet aluminum based on sketches , plus engine and gearbox internals .
The frame , fuel tank and rear fender are unique , though , making this a genuine custom bike that captures the purism of the original R5 .
Put the original and the Hommage side by side , and you can see subtle differences . The frame and fuel tank of the Hommage echo the elegant drop shapes of the originals , but with more modern , streamlined shapes .
The steering head has been tilted back slightly , giving the Hommage a more rakish presence and underscoring its place in the custom world .
But the oval shaped frame tubing remains , configured to draw a continuous line from the steering head to the rear wheel hub . The hand-made steel rear fender is classic bobber-style minimalism .
She 's a dark horse in the presidential race , but green party nominee , Dr. Jill Stein could have a big impact on the outcome .
Stein is campaigning in L.A. for a few days - trying to convince voters that she is the better choice . Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein will make a campaign stop Thursday at Cal State Northridge .
Stein is polling around the 2 % mark in most of the national polls , but that is enough to sway the election to the winner .
Joining us Thursday morning was Dr. Jill Stein .
'Like ' Dr. Jill Stein on Facebook .
Follow Dr. Jill Stein on Twitter : @ DrJillStein
Copyright 2016 FOX 11 Los Angeles : Download our mobile app for breaking news alerts or to watch FOX 11 News | Follow us on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and YouTube . Be a citizen journalist for FOX 11 and get paid – download the Fresco News App today .
A BJP youth wing leader on Thursday sought Re 1 as compensation from Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and AAP spokesperson Sanjay Singh for projecting him as the person who assaulted former minister Kapil Mishra . BJP worker , Ankit Bhardwaj , in his plea told the Tees Hazari court that since he has no knowledge of the valuable assets of the defendants , he is demanding Re 1 as compensation .
Advertising
“ That the plaintiff ( Bhardwaj ) assesses the damages at Rs one crore but has no knowledge of any valuable assets of the defendants ( Kejriwal and Singh ) . So the plaintiff limits his claim to Re 1 , ” the plea said .
Ankit Bhardwaj , a state executive member of Bharatiya Janta Yuva Morcha ( BJYM ) , had earlier filed a criminal defamation petition against the AAP leaders for “ wrongly taking ” his name in the media by describing him as the person who had assaulted Mishra on May 10 .
Earlier , Ankit Bhardwaj had filed a criminal defamation complaint against Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and AAP leader Sanjay Singh for linking Bhardwaj to the attack on sacked Kapil Mishra . Mishra was on a dharna on May 10 when he was attacked . While Mishra was on a fast , a person named Ankit Bhardwaj allegedly slapped him . The attacker , it later turned out , was not the Ankit Bhardwaj of BJYM , but someone else . Bhardwaj 's complaint refers to his namesake ( the assailant ) as an AAP activist .
Melbourne-based ourfit Daytona Sportscars has announced its intention to run two cars in next February 's Bathurst 12 Hour , with its Dodge Viper Competition Coupe and Daytona Coupe in the Invitational class .
“ Daytona sportscars is moving up to a two car team for the 2018 Bathurst 12 hour with the 7 litre Daytona Coupe as well as the 8.4 litre Dodge viper GT3 car , ” said Jamie Augustine , who has been a key component in the team 's plans since their Bathurst debut .
“ Both cars are already being prepared for this event with fresh running gear and the appropriate updates for the 12 hour . Both of these cars are capable of lapping in the sub 2:10 times with the right driver , and either car is a contender for a class win and a top 15 outright if all goes well .
“ The Team is an experienced endurance racing team with members from Formula 1 , V8 Supercars , and the professional motorsport industry . We are looking for one or 2 additional drivers who fit in within our team and who are focused on our goal of completing the race , and winning the class above their own individual goals . ”
The team made their debut in 2013 and reached the finish for the first time two years later , Jamie Augustine , Ray Hislop and Ben Schoots classified finishers in 33rd outright . The team then finished sixth in class this year , Augustine , Schoots and Dean Lillie having traded the Daytona for a Dodge Viper GT3 car though running in the invitational class .
The Invitational class is for production-based or purpose-built endurance specials , is set to be hotly contested with a legion of MARC Cars Australia entries expected to be confirmed starters alongside the potential Daytona duo .
By Barbara Starr
President Barack Obama talked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a call Tuesday night about the threat posed by Iran 's nuclear program , according to a White House statement .
Obama placed the call to Netanyahu , a senior administration official told CNN .
The one-paragraph statement from the White House , which referred to the Obama-Netanyahu discussion as `` a part of their ongoing consultations , '' followed reports earlier in the day that the White House had rejected a request by Netanyahu to meet with Obama this month to discuss Iran 's nuclear program .
CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , citing Israeli sources , reported that the Israelis were told Obama 's schedule would not permit a meeting even though Israel offered to have Netanyahu travel to Washington .
Obama and Netanyahu are both due to address the United Nations in New York in late September but not at the same time .
The Obama administration pushed back later Tuesday .
`` Contrary to reports in the press , there was never a request for Prime Minister Netanyahu to meet with President Obama in Washington , nor was a request for a meeting ever denied , '' the White House said Tuesday night in its statement , which made reference to `` our close cooperation on Iran and other security issues . ''
Netanyahu has shown growing impatience with what he says is a lack of clarity by the Obama administration on articulating so-called `` red lines '' that Iran can not cross if it wants to avoid war over its nuclear ambitions .
The administration has resisted pressure to take that step .
U.S. intelligence officials have said they do not believe Iran has decided to develop a nuclear weapon , even as evidence continues to mount that they are improving their ability to do so . Iran said its intentions are peaceful .
Atomic enrichment in and of itself is not the red line , a U.S. official told CNN .
But Israel feels a sense of urgency with negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions failing to produce an agreement and sanctions falling short of their intended effect .
Concerns in Washington that Israel could launch a pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities prompted a wave of visits this summer to Israel by several top Obama administration officials .
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said that he is confident the United States is capable of monitoring Iran and can strike militarily , if necessary .
`` We have pretty good intelligence on them , we keep a close track on them , '' Panetta told CBS ' `` This Morning '' in an interview aired on Tuesday .
`` We think we 've got the ability to be able to strike at them effectively if we have to ... whenever we have to , we have the forces in place , '' he said .
The U.S. official , who spoke anonymously in order to freely discuss the sensitive issue , said Panetta is `` frustrated '' by the partial impact of sanctions , saying he has not seen `` the kind of response '' that would have been expected from the Iranian regime , given that the sanctions have been tightened .
The United States has sanctioned Iranian banks , companies and individuals as part of an effort by western powers to pressure the Tehran government .
Netanyahu also said sanctions were only having a partial impact .
`` The sanctions have hurt the Iranian economy , but they have n't stopped the Iranian nuclear program . That 's a fact , '' Netanyahu said on Tuesday at a news conference in Jerusalem .
CNN 's Dan Lothian , Barbara Starr and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .
The National Center for Lesbian Rights is suing the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Association for allegedly discriminating against three bisexual male players who were n't gay enough to play in the 2008 Gay Softball World Series . According to the plaintiffs , NAGAAA officials asked five members of team D2 to specify whether they were “ heterosexual ” or “ gay ” , which makes me wonder : Did eating pussy in college make me too straight to play in a gay softball league ?
The suit alleges NAGAAA asked the players “ intrusive questions ” about their sex lives and whether players identified as “ predominantly attracted to men ” or “ predominantly attracted to women ” while in a room filled with 25 strangers ( most of who had come just to watch ) . When one of the players responded that he was both heterosexual and gay , an NAGAAA official allegedly said , “ This is the Gay World Series , not the Bisexual World Series . ”
The predominantly-white NAGAAA committee then disqualified three bisexual men of color ( and not the two white guys ) and recommended disciplinary measures against the D2 team and San Francisco league , including forcing them to forfeit their second-place World Series win . The NCLR says that no apology has been issued to the men nor has any disavowal been made of their public sexual questioning . NCLR is suing to rid the NAGAAA 's rules of discrimination against any sexual identities .
In response , NAGAAA 's attorney Beth Allen asked , “ Why is [ the NCLR ] asserting this claim on behalf of three poor beleaguered straight men ? I do n't get it. ” And she 's right , neither Ms. Allen nor the NAGAAA get it . The players are n't gay nor are they “ beleaguered straight men ” —they 're bisexual , an identity that 's regularly discounted by straights and gays who do n't know where to place them .
It reminds me of the recent , botched introduction of bisexual wrestler Orlando Jordan . TNA Wrestling had no idea how to convey the star 's bisexuality to an audience , so they had him sit between a twink and a vixen ( as if he 'd suddenly become gay or straight just by making out with either one ) .
What evidence could D2 's accusers possibly have provided to prove the three disqualified team members were n't gay ? Did they bring in old boyfriends or ask Broadway trivia questions ? Is there a penis-to-pussy eating ratio that designates whether one of us is LG or B ? No , attraction is intangible and trying to quantify it is absurd and dehumanizing .
Yes , a Gay World Series becomes meaningless if a bunch of straights can go gay-for-play . But the NAGAAA itself says that it exists to promote “ amateur sports competition , particularly softball , for all persons regardless of age , sexual orientation or preference , with special emphasis on the participation of members of the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender ( GLBT ) community. ” So why , then , are their own policies so ill-equipped to address bisexual men ? Especially ones of color who may not fit within the neat and tidy boxes of GLBT ?
NCLR executive director Kate Kendell said the suit “ makes very clear that the core issue in the case is that sexual orientation discrimination is harmful , demeaning , and stigmatizing. ” And she 's right . The sports field is supposed to be an equalizer where ability trumps identity . Even Ms. Allen agrees that the NAGAAA strives to create an environment where queer athletes can “ play ball together… [ and not ] face any type of discrimination. ” By trying to create teams of purely gay players , the NAGAAA has created the very discriminatory environment they sought to avoid .
Residents in low-lying parts of Logan and the northern Gold Coast have been told to move to higher ground as a `` wall of water '' approaches the region .
The Gold Coast council has told residents near the northern suburbs of Stapylton and Jacobs Well to evacuate , and warned those who remain behind that they risk being trapped by floodwaters for several days .
IN PICTURES : Storm emergency continues as heavy rains hit South East Queensland and northern NSW
Floodwaters encroach on a suburb , inundating homes . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
A car appears to be stuck in floodwaters at Laravale . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
Floodwaters reach the rooftops of buildings . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
Police Commissioner Ian Stewart said people in the area should get out now .
Residents in low-lying areas around Beenleigh have also been told to get out as the Albert River continues to rise towards a possible 130-year record level .
The Bureau of Meteorology says the river level may reach around 8.0 metres in the areas on Friday afternoon , near the 8.1 metre record level set in 1887 .
Logan Mayor Luke Smith told the Courier Mail a `` wall of water '' was heading for the area from the Scenic Rim region .
The Logan River at Beaudesert reached 14.76m just after 5.30am , above the 13.9m record recorded in 1991 , and was n't expected to peak until after 7am .
The Scenic Rim Council issued an emergency warning to residents in flood-prone areas overnight to move to higher ground as the Logan River continued to rise , though there is no evacuation alert in place .
Residents in the region are being urged to only use their tap water for drinking , after all the water treatment plants were knocked out in the region .
Aerial photos captured by choppercam show flooding in Jimboomba and Laravale , to the north and south of Beaudesert respectively .
Floodwaters inundate buildings . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
The Logan River reached 14.76m just after 5.30am . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
A car partially submerged in floodwaters at Jimboomba . ( 9NEWS ) ( )
Flooding has claimed the Famous Yatala Pies shop , with the highway landmark inundated with water .
More closely resembling an island oasis in the middle of a murky brown lake , the pie shop 's flooding will upset commuters who regularly make it a stopping point between Gold Coast and Brisbane .
The Famous Yatala Pies shop is inundated . ( )
The Pacific Motorway 's exit next to the pie shop has also been shut off as arterial roads have been flooded .
Northern NSW is now feeling the full brunt of the former cyclone . More than 6000 people have left their homes , having been ordered to evacuate as rivers rage with the rain .
Authorities fear lives may have been lost overnight .
NSW EVACUATION ORDERS
Murwillumbah East
Murwillumbah CBD
South Murwillumbah
Tweed Heads
Tweed Heads South & West
Lismore South & North
Lismore CBD
Chinderah
Kingscliff
Fingal Head
Bilambil
Billinudgel
Condong
Tumbulgum
Kyogle
NSW SES Deputy Commissioner Mark Morrow said there were 130 flood rescues overnight on Thursday and some people who called for help could n't be reached .
“ There could be people overnight that perished in that flood , we do n't know at this stage , '' he told ABC television today .
`` We expect this morning that as we start to go out and try to find people that made those calls overnight , there could be some very distressing news . ''
Mr Morrow said rescue crews worked through the night to save lives .
`` About 130 flood rescues , people in cars , people trapped on roofs of houses . We 'll get out there as soon as we can in daylight with aerial assets as well .
`` We 'll try and find those people that made calls to us last night and help them this morning . ''
The Lismore levee has been breached for the first time ever this morning as flood waters rush down the Wilsons River and into the city , flooding businesses .
Lismore mayor Isaac Smith said the city 's protective levee had never failed Lismore before , but water was now running over the top of it .
The levee can hold a maximum water level of 11 metres , but the river has reached 11.27 metres and is still rising . It is expected to peak at 11.5 metres today .
The city 's siren was activated overnight warning residents to leave immediately .
Mr Smith said the amount of rain that fell on Thursday had n't been seen for 30 to 40 years .
`` Locals with a bit of knowledge might have seen it coming , but everyone 's been caught quite unawares . ''
River levels in some threatened communities are continuing to rise , even on a low tide , when they should be starting to drop .
A severe weather warning remains in place for destructive winds , abnormally high tides and damaging surf in the Northern Rivers and the Mid North Coast , with heavy rain easing as the low moves away from the coast .
Ex-tropical cyclone Debbie is now sitting north of Lord Howe Island .
The SES warned each area issued with an evacuation order that “ now is the time to leave , do not delay ” and advised that all the orders are mandatory .
`` Do not delay your evacuation . Roads will be congested or closed . You could become trapped and need rescue , '' the SES said in a statement .
`` The Bureau of Meteorology has revised the prediction for the Tweed River to reach 6.2m at Murwillumbah early this morning , '' the NSW SES said .
People are being warned that as conditions continue to deteriorate , emergency crews may not be in a position to carry out rescues .
Queensland State Disaster Coordinator Stephan Gollschewski said emergency services were exasperated by the `` foolish and quite stupid behaviour '' some people had exhibited in very dangerous weather conditions .
`` We had a person rescued last night that had driven into waters with family members and that person was charged with drink driving afterwards , '' he said .
In another case on Thursday , a boy was swept away after tying his boogie board to a bridge so he could surf a torrent of water coming down a creek . He was lucky to survive and managed to swim to safety .
The extreme weather left more than 100,000 homes and businesses without power in south-east Queensland overnight .
READ MORE : Family and pets rescued from flood waters in South East Queensland live on air
Most of the 101,901 homes without electricity are in Brisbane , Redland City , the Sunshine Coast and Noosa as winds of up to 115km/h hit the area .
There are hundreds of power lines down across the region .
`` ( The ) big issue now is with the extent of wind damage , and flooding on top , access is becoming something of an issue , '' an Energex spokesman said .
`` It 's going to be a lot of work . ''
More than 1095 schools will remain closed today from Agnes Water in Queensland , south to the New South Wales border to ensure students will not be put at risk . A further 70 schools are closed in New South Wales .
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk apologised to parents for the inconvenience of shutting schools , but said she wo n't apologise for `` putting safety front and centre '' .
Find a full list of school closures here .
The SES has received 4500 calls for help across Queensland , with the number steadily rising , particularly in the southeast where people are desperately sandbagging their properties , and calling for help with leaking roofs .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
A 65-year-old Fort Worth man has been charged with possessing child porn and sexual abuse of two children after lending his computer to a young family friend , who discovered nude photographs of his 10-year-old sister on it .
After learning about the photos , the girl 's family confronted Joe Garza Jr. , then alerted Fort Worth police .
Garza was arrested March 3 for possession of child pornography and was later charged with continuous sexual abuse of a child for his alleged molestation of the 10-year-old girl .
On Tuesday , prosecutors filed a second charge of continuous sexual abuse of a child against Garza , accusing him of also abusing the girl 's older sister years ago .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Garza remained at the Tarrant County Jail on Tuesday with bail set at a combined $ 145,000 .
Domingo Martinez , a Fort Worth officer assigned to the North Texas Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force , said the girls ' brother had been trying to fix his own hard drive when he asked to borrow Garza 's computer .
“ When he hooked it up , he saw a folder on there , ” Martinez said . “ Curious , he looked at it , and that 's when he saw pictures of his sister . ”
The boy returned the computer to Garza and alerted his parents . His mother had her son borrow the computer again and show her the photographs . He again returned the computer to Garza , acting as if nothing was wrong .
The mother then texted Garza , asking him to come over to talk . When he arrived , she confronted him about the photographs , Martinez said .
“ They talked for two hours . I do n't know if he openly admitted it but he said he has a problem and asked her not to call the police and that he would disappear and not come back , ” Martinez said .
But the mother texted an older daughter , asking her to call the police . Garza was still at the family 's home when officers arrived , Martinez said .
During subsequent questioning , Garza admitted to Martinez to sexually abusing the 10-year-old girl as well as taking photographs and video of the girl , according to an arrest warrant affidavit .
He also confessed to molesting the girl 's older sister when she was about 10 or 11 , the affidavit states .
In a forensic interview , the older sister , now in her teens , confirmed the abuse . She told investigators Garza would make her wear a blindfold when he abused her , the affidavit states .
The younger girl told officials that Garza told her not to tell her parents about the touching and pictures , and that he bought her various things and gave her money .
Martinez said he believes both girls were abused for at least a year .
A forensic search of Garza 's computer revealed photographs and videos of both girls , according to the affidavit .
In one of the videos , a girl believed to be the older victim is seen hanging upside down in the dining room area from what appears to be a white rope . A subsequent search of Garza 's home revealed a wooden swinglike contraption with white rope hanging from a rafter in the dining room , the affidavit stated .
Martinez said he will consult with the U.S. Attorney 's office to determine if federal charges might be sought in the case .
Investigators say they suspect there could be additional victims . Anyone with information is asked to call Martinez at 817-348-1153 .
The Biblical drama debuted to a 0.8 rating among adults 18-49 and 3.3 million viewers and dipped even lower in its second outing .
ABC 's attempt to find its own version of Game of Thrones has failed .
The network has canceled freshman drama Of Kings and Prophets , The Hollywood Reporter has learned . Shark Tank spinoff Beyond the Tank will take over its Tuesdays at 10 p.m. slot for the remainder of the season . Insiders say plans for the show 's future are currently being evaluated , though it will not air on ABC .
Described as an epic Biblical saga of faith , ambition and betrayal as told through the eyes of a battle-weary king ( Ray Winstone ) , a powerful and resentful prophet and a resourceful young shepherd on a collision course with destiny , the Biblical drama debuted to just a 0.8 rating among adults 18-49 and 3.3 million total viewers . That 's down from the unimpressive launch for the since-canceled fall freshman Wicked City . Its second episode proved even worse , sinking to a mere 0.5 rating in the key demo and only 2.4 million viewers .
The drama — said to have been a favorite of former ABC Entertainment Group president Paul Lee — was originally scheduled to launch in the fall in the prime Sundays at 10 p.m. slot . However , recastings and reshoots on the 15-episode straight-to-series drama pushed the series to midseason . The show also drew the ire of conservative watchdog group Parents Television Council , which decried Kings for its graphic sexual content and violence and declared the Biblical drama unfit for children .
When speaking to reporters at the Television Critics Association 's winter press tour , showrunner Chris Brancato said producers would continue to fight with broadcast Standards and Practices as the series intended to push the envelope of what was acceptable in primetime .
For ABC , Kings becomes its latest freshman flop . In addition to Wicked City , Blood and Oil saw its order trimmed to 12 episodes as the drama limped off the schedule ; midseason drama The Family debuted to lackluster reviews and faded in its move to Sundays ; and comedy The Muppets — considered a slam dunk before the season started — ended its season with a whimper .
Coincidentally , Beyond the Tank opened the season on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. after Quantico — which was originally designed to occupy the slot — was moved to Sundays when Kings was bumped to midseason to allow more time for its reshoots .
The Calgary Flames have been the best story in the NHL this season , and a lot of their success has been attributed to the outstanding individual performances from the likes of defenseman Mark Giordano , and youngsters Johnny Gaudreau and Sean Monahan . While yes , those players have put together tremendous campaigns for themselves , it 's veteran Czech forward Jiri Hudler that has turned out to be the most valuable Flame over the past month , and should Calgary hold on and punch their ticket to the postseason , it should n't be out-worldly to consider Hudler a dark horse Hart Trophy candidate .
Jiri Hudler : Hart Trophy Candidate
For those that do n't know ( you probably do , but I digress ) , the Hart trophy is given out to the player judged to be the most valuable to their team , and Hudler most certainly fits that description nicely for the Flames . Since March 1st , Hudler has put up 15 points in 17 games , the most among all skaters during that stretch . Considering that March onward is essentially the stretch run for the NHL , the fact that Hudler has been able to step up when it matters gives him a significant edge .
Let 's compare those offensive numbers against three other forwards that could ultimately be nominated for the Hart : John Tavares of the New York Islanders , Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals . Through that same stretch of hockey , Tavares has eight points in 15 games , Crosby has nine points in 16 games , and Ovechkin has eight points in 15 games . Hudler has significantly out-produced all three of them , while also having less time on ice per game than each of them . Also during that stretch , Hudler has been a driver of possession for the Flames , placing second on the team ( behind Gaudreau ) in terms of even strength Corsi for percentage 45.40 % . While not a terribly impressive percentage overall , 0ne has to remember that Calgary has been a bottom-five possession team all year , making Hudler 's statistic look pretty impressive .
What makes Hudler 's run even more impressive , is the fact that it coincided perfectly with the season-ending injury to captain and early Norris trophy favorite Giordano . To many , that injury was the nail in the coffin of the Flames , but Hudler took his game to a whole new level and has put this hockey club on his back , and maybe even into the post-season .
When it 's time for voters to submit their final ballots for the Hart , Hudler is not likely to be included on very many due to the fact that the likes of Tavares and Ovechkin putting up more impressive numbers all year , making their final totals a fair bit loftier than those of Hudler ( Tavares and Ovechkin currently sit at 80 points , tied for second in the NHL , while Hudler sits down at eighth with 72 points ) . However , if the Calgary Flames find their way into the playoffs , and there 's a decent chance they do , Jiri Hudler definitely deserves to find himself at least top five in voting , as he 's been the engine that his driven this Flames hockey club . He wo n't and should n't beat out Carey Price for the victory , but he should be higher on the ladder than some bigger names with flashier numbers , and if he 's not , then shame on the voters .
Main Photo :
SAN DIEGO — If reaction to “ The Hobbit ” footage at Comic-Con is any indication , Peter Jackson has another couple of blockbusters on his hands .
The crowd attending Jackson 's “ Hobbit ” preview at the fan convention Saturday went wild over a 12-minute reel the filmmaker and his colleagues screened .
Broken into two films , “ The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey ” and “ The Hobbit : There and Back Again , ” the 3-D epic is Jackson 's prequel to his “ Lord of the Rings ” trilogy , whose finale won 11 Academy Awards , including the best picture and director .
“ An Unexpected Journey ” arrives in theaters Dec. 14 , with “ There and Back Again ” following in December 2013 .
The films are based on J.R.R . Tolkien 's prequel novel , chronicling how tiny hobbit Bilbo Baggins ( Martin Freeman ) acquired the ring of power that causes all the ruckus in “ The Lord of the Rings , ” Jackson 's three-part adaptation of Tolkien 's fantasy saga .
Along with Jackson and Freeman , “ The Hobbit ” panel at Comic-Con featured “ Lord of the Rings ” co-stars Ian McKellen , who reprises his role as the wizard Gandalf , and Andy Serkis , who is back as twisted ring-keeper Gollum . Also on hand was Richard Armitage , who plays the dwarf Thorin Oakenshield .
Jackson showed 12 minutes of footage that included a chillingly comic exchange between Bilbo and Gollum ; a tender moment between McKellen 's Gandalf and Cate Blanchett , reprising her role as elf queen Galadriel ; and the pivotal moment when Bilbo discovers the ring .
A surprise guest was Elijah Wood , who starred as hobbit Frodo Baggins in “ The Lord of the Rings . ”
Freeman said he never felt intimidated as a newcomer to Jackson 's team .
“ Obviously , you ca n't really take intimidation or pressure to work with you , because you wo n't do your best work , ” Freeman said . “ And you wo n't do your best playing , which is an actor 's job . ”
Jackson shot “ The Hobbit ” in 3-D and at 48 frames a second , twice the speed that has been the standard since the 1920s . The higher frame rate allows for greater visual clarity , though it requires costly upgrades to digital projectors for cinemas showing films at that speed .
At the Cinema Con theater owner 's convention in April , Jackson got a mixed reception for preview footage of “ The Hobbit ” shown at 48 frames a second . Some observers thought the images were too clear , so realistic that it took away from the magic of the film medium .
At Comic-Con , Jackson chose to show his footage at the traditional 24 frames a second , saying the best way to experience the higher projection speed is by watching an entire movie at 48 frames a second , not just excerpts .
Next Up The Walking Dead Sneak Peek : Daryl 's an A-Hole
Now Playing Jessica Jones : Everything You Need to Know About Kilgrave
David Tennant 's Jessica Jones character is a far cry from The Doctor . A mysterious and often unseen figure , Kilgrave 's one purpose in life seems to be making Jessica 's ( Krysten Ritter ) life a living Hell .
After escaping from his mental enslavement in the past , Kilgrave returns , forcing Jessica to fight through her PTSD in order to stop anyone else from dying at Kilgrave 's hand .
`` He 's a really , really , really dark and manipulative force in these people 's lives , '' says Erin Moriarty , who plays another one of Kilgrave 's victims , Hope . `` He 's probably one of the most powerful villains there is . ''
Adds Marvel 's TV head and executive producer Jeph Loeb : `` It 'll be a challenge to see if she 'll be able to grow beyond it . ''
Learn more about Kilgrave in the video above . Marvel 's Jessica Jones debuts on Netflix on Friday , Nov. 20 .
Street Fighter 2 came out 26 years ago , and so you 'd expect the fighting game community has seen everything the game has to offer .
Not so .
This week Desk , perhaps the world 's greatest fighting game combo technician , revealed new combos for Street Fighter 2 : World Warrior , which came out in arcades in 1991 .
The video , below , is the result of four weeks of painstaking practice , experimentation and execution . It shows off combos I 've certainly never seen before . In fact , it shows off combos I did n't think were even possible .
In Street Fighter 2 , once you sweep knockdown your opponent , you 're not supposed to be able to combo . The idea is you pressure your opponent , employing some kind of mix-up strategy as they `` wake-up '' - that is , as they rise from being knocked down . The opponent needs to work out what they 're going to do on wake-up , too , perhaps using a `` meaty '' attack as they rise , or maybe going for a throw , or perhaps blocking .
At first glance it looks like Desk has hacked Capcom 's seminal fighting game , because he 's comboing off of a sweep . But he has n't . What he 's doing is exploiting a glitch that 's existed in Street Fighter 2 since day one .
This OTG ( on the ground ) glitch is exclusive to Vega . That is , you ca n't perform these combos on any other character . Exclusive to Vega , then , is the ability to continue to attack after a sweep knockdown .
In the Youtube video description , Desk credits Japanese fighting game player TZW with first demonstrating this glitch `` back in the days when combo videos only existed on VHS '' . But no-one had explored the potential of this glitch - until Desk started getting his hands dirty a month ago .
Desk combines this OTG glitch with what he calls `` falling into the corner pause '' . This unique trait of the Street Fighter 2 series of games delays the point at which Vega can be hit following a sweep . To do it , you knock him down outside of the corner so that he falls into the corner . At the point he hits the wall , there 's a brief pause , which gives Desk a precious few frames of extra time . He uses this to devastating effect , performing combos that were previously thought impossible .
So , we see stuff like sweep infinites , double jump-in plus mid-combo jump-in combos and even double fireball combos . Blanka , for example , can jump in with hard kick , knock down with crouching hard kick , then continue the combo with jumping hard punch and crouching hard punch . We see something similar from Chun-Li , who can follow up crouching hard kick with a jump-in combo .
Everything you see in the video was done by hand , Desk says . That is , he used a fighting stick . Additional difficulty came from the fact that Vega , as one of the original four bosses , is not a playable character in Street Fighter 2 . This , as you can imagine , made experimentation and practice frustrating . Desk had to manipulate the computer-controlled Vega in order to get him into the correct position to be knocked into the corner to trigger the `` falling into the corner pause '' tech .
From the YouTube description :
`` This meant that I had to slowly learn , as much as is possible , to manipulate the actions of CPU controlled Claw . As many of these combos require pretty exact screen spacing in order to take advantage of that 'falling into the corner pause ' at specific points , this AI manipulation was vital . ''
And if that was n't hard enough , Desk had to contend with randomness . Street Fighter 2 is a game most in the fighting game community consider to be `` broken '' because it 's so random . Stun , for example , does n't always work the way you expect it to . Damage can sometimes be random , too . Even the length of time you are actually stunned can be random ( in the video we see Honda sweep Vega a few times , but Desk found that Vega would sometimes recover more quickly from a stun , and so the slow-moving Honda could n't get up to him in time to land a follow-up attack ) .
This issue manifested itself in the best possible way . Again , here 's Desk to explain :
`` In the Zangief clip , the post-stun teabagging is actually luck manipulation . I completed that combo exactly as you see it in the video somewhere in the region of 40-50 times . However , the final version that actually made it into the video is only the second that ever caused stun on that cr.HK ( vital for the SPD to connect ) . I tried whiffing a bunch of stuff and mixing up the strengths of some of the attacks many times to reproduce it but nothing worked except for the repeated crouching motion , done while Claw was stunned . ''
As a fan of fighting games , Desk 's video is a joy to watch . But what makes it extra special is it revisits a game so close to my heart . Street Fighter 2 was my first fighting game and sparked a love of the genre that continues to this day . To see it still throwing up surprises is a genuine delight . Nice work , Desk !
Law enforcers have found that the three youths who hacked the imam of an Ahmadiyya mosque in Mymensingh Monday night in a suspected militant attack are classmates at a madrasa . Abdul Ahad Mohammad Ullah , one of the attackers apprehended by locals after the attack , on Tuesday said they were students of Islampur Darus Sunnah Jafria Madrasa in Jamalpur . Ahad identified the other attackers as Ilias Hossain and Jahirul Islam , reports Bangla Tribune . Details about the other two attackers could not be known immediately . Ahad is undergoing treatment at the Mymensingh Medical College Hospital ( MMCH ) under police custody . The detainee insisted that they did not belong to any militant group and had attempted to kill the Ahmadiyya imam on their own volition as “ he was preaching wrong Islam. ” All previous attacks on religious minorities in Bangladesh were claimed by militant and terrorist groups , mainly banned outfit Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh ( JMB ) . Imam Mostafizur Rahman , 35 , of Khanpur mosque in Ishwarganj was hacked by the three assailants indiscriminately with sharp weapons inside the mosque around 9pm , after the end of Esha prayers . The attackers tried to flee as locals came to his rescue . Ahad was caught at that time and handed over to the police . The imam was first taken to the Upazila Health Complex and then shifted to the MMCH as his condition deteriorated . He was later shifted to the Dhaka Medical College Hospital ( DMCH ) in critical condition around 5am on Tuesday . Jasmine Nahar , resident surgeon of DMCH , said the condition of the imam had not improved as of last night . He was treated at the post-operative ward . “ The imam was hacked on the neck , back , abdomen and his left hand with sharp weapons , ” she told the Dhaka Tribune . Jasmine evaded a direct answer when asked if the attackers were trained . Hailing from Kalmakanda of Netrokona , Ahad was studying at the madrasa for the last one and a half years . His father is the founder-principal of a female madrasa . Ahad said he decided to kill the imam three weeks ago after learning how the latter had been leading the Muslims astray and converting them to the Ahmadiyya faith . He and his friends collected sharp weapons and travelled to Ishwarganj three days ago to execute their plan . Kalmakanda police on Tuesday morning detained his wife Lutfa Akhter and two brothers – Moin Uddin and Nizam Uddin – for questioning . Imam Mostafizur hails from Dohanda village under Kahalu upazila in Dinajpur . He had been leading prayers at the Ahmadiyya mosque for the last two years and living with his wife at a nearby cottage . Police Superintendent Syed Nurul Islam visited him at the hospital around 10:30pm on Monday . He hoped the two others would be arrested soon , but refused to say anything about the motive of the attack without investigation . Earlier , members of a new faction of JMB carried out a suicide attack on an Ahmadiyya mosque in Rajshahi 's Baghmara on December 25 , 2015 . Ten devotees were injured in the bomb attack . International terrorist group Islamic State claimed responsibility . The suicide bomber , Md Tarek Aziz alias Musa , was killed in the explosion while Jamal Uddin , who helped Aziz to carry the bomb inside the mosque , was killed in a shoot-out at Godagari of Rajshahi on June 7 , 2016 , a day after his arrest . New JMB has carried out most of its attacks with the help of three-man teams . The Ahmadiyya community people are labelled as anti-Islamic by local Islamist groups including Jamaat-e-Islami , Islami Oikyo Jote and Hefazat-e-Islam . Hefazat urged the government to ban Ahmadiyyas in its 13-point demands placed in 2013 . Ahmadiyya supporters and mosques have come under violent attacks in different places across the country over the last few decades . Thousands of Ahmadiyyas have been killed in Pakistan since a campaign began in 1953 by Jamaat founder Syed Abul A'la Maudoodi , who was later sentenced to death for instigating communal attacks on them . In Pakistan , Ahmadiyyas were banned in 1974 from calling themselves Muslims and building their mosques in the Islamic Republic . Their places of worship were shut down or desecrated by Islamists . “ It was a well-planned attack aimed at killing Mostafizur , ” said Ahmadiyya community 's central leader Ahmed Tafsir Chowdhury . “ Those who can not stand us have carried out the attack , ” he added . Muezzin of the mosque Aiyub Ali said the imam was an introvert and amicable person . “ He used to invite Muslims to join sermons at the mosque . “ But several madrasa teachers and their students of a Dhaka-based madrasa came to the area around two months back , and announced that they will not let the Ahmadiyyas run the mosque , ” Aiyub said .
SANTA MONICA , Calif. , July 23 ( UPI ) -- A man whose body was discovered decomposing in a Southern California parking lot last week was believed by his fiancee to be an alien from another world , who had arrived on Earth to save humanity , the woman 's attorney said Wednesday .
It 's the latest detail in a bizarre death investigation that involves a theory of extraterrestrial intelligence , intrigue -- and a newly found arsenal of guns and ammo inside the man 's home , KTLA-TV reported Wednesday .
The ordeal started July 4 , while Jeffrey Lash and his fiancee of 17 years , Catherine Nebron , were at a Santa Monica grocery store . According to Nebron 's attorney , Harlan Braun , Lash suddenly fell ill and suffered a seizure .
Nebron and her employee , Dawn VadBunker , attempted to render aid .
RELATED Spitting armadillos are spreading leprosy in Florida
`` They worked on him for three hours , trying to revive him and then he died , '' Braun said , also noting that Lash had battled cancer for more than a year .
Once it was known the man was dead , though , Braun said Nebron placed the body into her vehicle in the store 's parking lot and departed with VadBunker for Oregon . Lash 's body sat in the SUV and decomposed in the hot Southern California sun for nearly two weeks .
According to VadBunker 's mother , Laura , neither woman reported the death to authorities because they believed Lash was a half human-half alien being from another world who had come to Earth to save humanity . They also reportedly believed he 'd been working secretly with the U.S. government , and that federal agents would soon come by to collect the body .
Apparently , the women did n't disclose their travel plans to anyone , either . Two days later , on July 6 , VadBunker 's family reported her missing to police .
For her daughter 's part , Laura VadBunker is afraid she may have suffered a mental breakdown .
`` I ca n't believe this , '' she told KTLA-TV . `` It 's worse than a Twilight Zone movie , and we have lived through hell . ''
`` It was craziness , it was nuts , '' Braun added .
Upon returning to Southern California -- and discovering that no government agency had come for her fiancé 's remains -- Braun said Nebron finally notified police .
`` When she came back , she was shocked that the agencies had n't picked him up , '' he said . `` So then she decided she had better call police . ''
However , at that point the ordeal took yet another bizarre turn .
Investigators were shocked themselves when they showed up this week at the couple 's condo -- and found more than 1,200 firearms , 6 tons of ammunition , and $ 230,000 -- entirely in cash .
The Los Angeles Police Department is trying to sort out the case -- but it 's not yet known exactly why Lash died , why he had so many firearms , or how he amassed all that money .
`` It does not make any sense , but it 's probably a continuation of this fantasy world where he is a secret man which he is supposed to not reveal who he really is , '' Braun said . `` The whole issue for the police and me actually is , is it a murder or is it a natural death ? ''
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
They say we 're a consumer driven society . We 're a nation of consumers . We 're being sold things every time we turn on the TV , pick up a magazine , or listen to the radio . They sell us desire . They sell us need . They sell us love .
They also sell us hate . And some of us are more prone to buying it than others .
“ The most radical President ever to occupy the Oval Office . ”
That 's the sound of an anti-government movement of hate funded by billionaires being sold to “ average Americans. ” Sort of a Tea Party madrassa , if you will .
The Tea Party 's funders are serving up their manufactured narratives and the public is eating it up . “ The people are concerned about the insensitive of building a mosque on hallowed ground ” is one such false narrative . And how about “ The people are very anti-government , very mistrustful of government right now . ”
Gee , we were mistrustful after a Republican lied us into a war , yes…and stole our freedoms in the name of freedom…yes….but we were not mistrustful when Obama took office and began keeping his many promises…no , we were n't mistrustful until this manufactured narrative sank in nice and deep , permeating the fabric of our national dialogue until even liberals were suggesting that the government sucks , both sides do it , and who cares .
These manufactured narratives serve a certain elite segment of the population . A segment that has been funding the Tea Parties ; the radial anti-government movements multiplying around the country , taking firm root in places like Texas and Alaska , where they put on a big show of shunning big government and yet ca n't live without it .
Jane Mayer of The New Yorker uncovered the billionaire Koch brothers ' war against Obama and in her stunning expose , she reveals that the Koch brothers are behind the Tea Party . Koch Industries owns Brawny paper towels , Dixie cups , Georgia-Pacific lumber , Stainmaster carpet , and Lycra , among other products .
Mayer reports :
“ The anti-government fervor infusing the 2010 elections represents a political triumph for the Kochs . By giving money to “ educate , ” fund , and organize Tea Party protesters , they have helped turn their private agenda into a mass movement . Bruce Bartlett , a conservative economist and a historian , who once worked at the National Center for Policy Analysis , a Dallas-based think tank that the Kochs fund , said , “ The problem with the whole libertarian movement is that it 's been all chiefs and no Indians . There have n't been any actual people , like voters , who give a crap about it . So the problem for the Kochs has been trying to create a movement. ” With the emergence of the Tea Party , he said , “ everyone suddenly sees that for the first time there are Indians out there—people who can provide real ideological power. ” The Kochs , he said , are “ trying to shape and control and channel the populist uprising into their own policies . ”
And the Koch brothers know better than to get dirty themselves . A former Koch adviser said , “ They 're smart . This right-wing , redneck stuff works for them . They see this as a way to get things done without getting dirty themselves . ”
Yes , indeedy . There 's the admission that your average Tea Partier will never quite grasp . Oh , and in what can only be a rather predictable denouement , the Koch brothers owe part of their fortune to Joseph Stalin . So those Tea Partiers holding up signs calling Obama Hitler ? Yeah . Tools of the highest order . These are the people who will claim they did n't know any better if anyone gets seriously hurt due to their endless hate speech . This is almost as disturbing as finding out that a Saudi owns majority stock in Fox News , who 's busy selling these same people the notion that to be a Muslim is bad and by the way , your President is a Muslim .
It would be sad if they had n't been spitting on this country for the past year and half .
Fred Koch was one of the original members of the John Birch society , so here 's where we start our connection to Sarah Palin , and the Tea Party racism in general .
The Koch brothers ' fortune goes into “ educating ” Tea Partiers , sort of like the Taliban 's madrassas . Is it any wonder they are racists ? It is any wonder they see “ Commie Marxist libertards ” lurking in every non-neo-conservative ? Is it any wonder these folks are NUTS ? Sadly , the Tea Party movement and the modern day Republican Party are endangering the lives of our soldiers on our own soil , by their efforts to stir up anti-Muslim feelings over Park51 . This is , of course , a common GOP get out the vote tactic , but it is being taken to dangerous lows now .
A clever person would think twice before dedicating their life to such paranoid and racist fears . But , no one ever accused a Tea Partier of being clever .
By framing it their accusations in fear and racism regarding Muslims and our President the Right jacks up the stakes that no real debate ever takes place . And furthermore , doing so consistently begins to automatically delegitimize their movement .
I fear for my country . I fear for our troops , whose lives are dependent upon Muslims in Afghanistan . I fear that a political party so bereft of morality is willing to do anything to regain power , including destroying the very foundation of this country . But most of all , I fear that Americans will do nothing to stop them .
Because we did nothing when they lied to us about WMD . We did nothing as Bush invaded a sovereign nation . We did nothing when Sarah Palin tossed around her “ pallin ' around with terrorists ” jihad .
Exactly when will we do something ? When will it be enough ?
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
The four players suspended for their roles in the New Orleans Saints ' bounty program will have their appeals heard later this month by commissioner Roger Goodell .
League and union sources told ESPN 's Chris Mortensen that June 18 is the tentative date for the hearing , pending a ruling from arbitrator Shyam Das on the grievance players have filed that claims Goodell can not discipline players based on the lockout agreement .
It is anticipated that Das will have a ruling soon , but both sides admit they do not have a concise indication on when it will come down , sources told Mortensen . The hearing would be pushed back if Das has not ruled .
NFL.com reported that Goodell and players including Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma , who sued Goodell for defamation after being suspended for the entire 2012 season , would participate in the meeting -- their first together since Goodell dealt out punishment for the bounty system that ran from 2009 to 2011 .
In addition to Vilma 's yearlong ban , Goodell suspended Saints defensive end Will Smith for four games ; former Saints defensive end Anthony Hargrove , now with Green Bay , for eight games ; and linebacker Scott Fujita , now with Cleveland , for three games .
The NFL Players Association has filed a grievance contending the new collective bargaining agreement prohibits Goodell from punishing players for any conduct before the CBA was signed last summer .
Das has yet to rule on that grievance , which also seeks to have player appeals heard by Art Shell and Ted Cottrell , who are jointly appointed by the league and union to review discipline handed out for on-field conduct .
An NFL investigation determined the Saints ' bounty system offered thousands of dollars to players for big hits that knocked opponents out of games .
In March , Goodell suspended Saints coach Sean Payton for all next season without pay , and levied other penalties against the club .
Chris Mortensen is ESPN 's senior NFL analyst . Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report .
More on this story Tuesday , September 8 , at 6 & 11 p.m .
FORT ROCK , Ore. - For the first time in nearly half a century , archaeologists have returned to the site where the oldest known footwear in the world was discovered .
`` Working this site , for Oregon archaeology , it 'd be like excavating one of the pyramids , '' said archaeologist Richard-Patrick Cromwell . `` It 's kind of that big of a deal . A lot of my compatriots are very jealous I 'm here right now . ''
Fort Rock Cave in Lake County is where the Father of Oregon Archaeology , Luther Cressman , found 10,000-year-old sagebrush bark woven sandals .
It was a groundbreaking discovery .
Cressman discovered the sandals in 1938 beneath a layer of volcanic ash produced by the 7,600-year-old eruption of Mount Mazama , the same eruption that created .
Their age was confirmed in the 1950s through radiocarbon dating . The find helped establish how long humans have occupied the Americas .
In 1966 , Cressman returned to the site with graduate student Stephen Bedwell who uncovered a hearth in Pleistocene ( Ice Age ) gravels . Charcoal from the fire pit was radiocarbon dated to roughly 15,800 years before present , the oldest known hearth in Oregon .
`` It 's just exceptionally old ; one of the first places people lived , '' said Dr. Tom Connolly , Director of Archaeological Research at the .
Connolly is leading a team now working to follow up on Cressman 's work .
The team is using new analytical technology to figure out what remains in the cave .
`` We know about the occupation 10,000 years ago that 's associated with the sandals , '' Connolly said . `` Well we 're also interested in figuring out if there 's something significantly older than that here . ''
`` It 's important for archaeologists to not dig the heart out of a site , '' Cromwell said . `` Since Cressman did not excavate the whole site through , we 're able to come back here and use new methods and new technologies to do things they did n't even think of at the time . It allows us to build a good idea of what the environment was when it was surrounded by lakes and marshes and the people were living in a completely different environment . ''
The team wraps up their work at the cave September 4 but will spend the next months and years analyzing all that they 've discovered .
`` We now have a handful of sites around the Americas , that convince us that people were here 15,000 to 16,000 years ago , '' Connolly . `` We want to know if this is another one of those in that really elite class of site . That would be awesome . ''
Artwork Details Title : Batman & Robin by Tim Burton ( May 1988 ) Artist : Tim Burton ( All ) Media Type : Colored Pencils Art Type : Illustration For Sale Status : FAMILY HEIRLOOM ! Views : 13,380 Likes on CAF : 4 5 Favorited on CAF : 2 Comments : 20 Added to Site : 12/29/2007 Comic Art Archive :
Description
Although he had done Pee Wee 's Big Adventure and Beetlejuice , Burton really rose to A-list prominence when he helmed the 1989 Batman movie with Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson .
On that film he worked with production designer
During this time Tim and Anton became good friends , and for Anton 's birthday Tim drew this Batman and Robin in colored pencil ( May 6 , 1988 ) .
Source : This piece appeared on foreign eBay with a high price and no bidders . The seller was consigning it on behalf of the original owner , Mr. Furst 's girlfriend , who included a letter explaining it 's history .
A year later I still regretted missing it and emailed the seller , and surprisingly , it was still around ! We worked something out . A great chase story that I 'm still amazed at ! !
This piece is one of those creatures that should n't exist in the wild . A finished colored piece of Batman and Robin , unique and so quirkily Burton in every way , done the year before his Batman film was even released . I 'm certain I could search for the next 50 lifetimes and never find anything this nice . Signed both `` tim '' and initialed `` t.b . ''
Rare Find : This is the rarest thing I own . Tim 's finished art is largely unavailable .
He kept it all , much of it touring in a global exhibit . In 2016-2017 Heritage listed a handful of good pieces from his time working at Disney , monsters and such .
Fun Tidbit : In 2009 an exhibit of Tim Burton 's artwork began touring at The Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) , which drew over 800,000 people . This was the third largest turnout ever for a MoMA exhibit , behind only Picasso and Matisse . The show continues to travel the world , setting similar records everywhere . This is one of my absolute favorite pieces of art , a finished drawing from a true grail artist - the amazing Tim Burton . I do n't think anyone draws quite like him : ) Although he had done Pee Wee 's Big Adventure and Beetlejuice , Burton really rose to A-list prominence when he helmed the 1989 Batman movie with Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson.On that film he worked with production designer Anton Furst to create Gotham City , which won Furst an Academy Award for Art Direction/Set Design.During this time Tim and Anton became good friends , and for Anton 's birthday Tim drew this Batman and Robin in colored pencil ( May 6 , 1988 ) .This piece appeared on foreign eBay with a high price and no bidders . The seller was consigning it on behalf of the original owner , Mr. Furst 's girlfriend , who included a letter explaining it 's history.A year later I still regretted missing it and emailed the seller , and surprisingly , it was still around ! We worked something out . A great chase story that I 'm still amazed at ! ! This piece is one of those creatures that should n't exist in the wild . A finished colored piece of Batman and Robin , unique and so quirkily Burton in every way , done the year before his Batman film was even released . I 'm certain I could search for the next 50 lifetimes and never find anything this nice . Signed both `` tim '' and initialed `` t.b . `` This is the rarest thing I own . Tim 's finished art is largely unavailable.He kept it all , much of it touring in a global exhibit . In 2016-2017 Heritage listed a handful of good pieces from his time working at Disney , monsters and such.In 2009 an exhibit of Tim Burton 's artwork began touring at The Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) , which drew over 800,000 people . This was the third largest turnout ever for a MoMA exhibit , behind only Picasso and Matisse . The show continues to travel the world , setting similar records everywhere . Social/Sharing Share this item on a blog/forum/website To share this item on your favorite blog , forum or website , just copy the html from the box below . Batman & Robin by Tim Burton ( May 1988 ) Click Here to visit my Art Gallery on comicartfans.com ! [ click to close ]
[ This is a transl ation of a m achine-typed copy of a letter that W olfgang Pauli sent to a g roup of physicis ts
meeting in Tübingen in Decem ber 1930 . Pauli asked a colleague t o take the le tter to the m eeting , and the
bearer was to prov ide more info rmation as n eeded . ]
Copy/Dec . 15 , 195 6 PM
Open letter to the group of radi oactive peopl e at the
Gauverein meet ing in Tübi ngen .
Copy
Physics Institute Z ürich , Dec. 4 , 1930
of the ETH Glorias trasse
Zürich
Dear Radioact ive Ladies and G entlemen ,
As the bearer of these lines , to whom I graciously ask y ou to listen , w ill explain to you in m ore
detail , because of the `` wrong `` statistics of the N- and Li-6 nuclei and the continuous be ta spectrum , I
have hit upon a desp erate rem edy to sav e the `` exchang e theorem `` ( 1 ) of statistics and th e law of
conservation of energy . Namely , the possibi lity that in the nu clei there could exist elect rically neutral
particles , which I will call n eutrons , that hav e spin 1/2 and obey the exc lusion prin ciple and th at further
differ from light quanta in that they do not trav el with the v elocity of lig ht . The m ass of the neutron s
should be of the sam e order of m agnitude as the e lectron m ass and in any ev ent not larger tha n 0.01
proton mass . - The continuous be ta spectrum would th en mak e sense with the ass umption that in be ta
decay , in addition t o the ele ctron , a neutron is emitted s uch that the sum of the ene rg ies of neutron and
electron is const ant .
Now it is also a que stion of which forces act upon neutrons . Fo r me , the m ost likely model for the
neutron seem s to be , for wa ve-mechanical reason s ( the bearer o f these lines know s m ore ) , that the neutron
at rest is a m agnetic dipole with a certain m om ent μ . The experim ents seem to require th at the ion izing
effect of such a neutron can not be bigger than th e one of a gamm a - ray , and then μ is probably not
allowed to be la rger than e • ( 10
-13
cm ) .
But so far I do not dare to p ublish anything about this i dea , and trustfu lly turn fi rst to you , dear
radioactive peopl e , with the question of how likely it is to find expe rimental evide nce for such a neu tron
if it would hav e the sam e or perhaps a 10 t imes larger ability to g et throug h [ materi al ] than a gamm a-ray .
I adm it that my rem edy may seem almost improbable because one probab ly woul d have seen
those neutrons , if they exist , for a long tim e. But nothing ventured , nothing gained , and the s eriousness of
the situation , due to the con tinuous structure of the beta spectrum , is illuminated by a remark of my
honored predecess or , Mr Deby e , who told m e recently in Brux elles : `` O h , It 's better not to think about this
at all , like new taxes . '' Ther efore one shou ld seriously discuss ev ery way of rescue . Thus , de ar radioactiv e
people , scrutiniz e and judge . - Unfortunately , I can not personally appear in Tübing en since I am
indispensable h ere in Züric h because of a b all on the n ight from Decem ber 6 to 7 . With my best regards to
you , and also to M r. Back , y our humble servant
signed W. Pauli
[ Translation : Kurt Ries selman n ]
Star NFL quarterback Michael Vick 's promising career was tainted by off-the-field activities , including involvement in an illegal dog-fighting ring .
Synopsis Born in Newport News , Virginia , on June 26 , 1980 , quarterback Michael Vick showed early talent and drew NFL attention while playing for Virginia Tech . Drafted by the Atlanta Falcons , he seemed to be fulfilling his promise until poor choices and illegal activities suspended his career . He served time in prison for illegal dog fighting before signing on as quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Early Life Athlete Michael Dwayne Vick was born on June 26 , 1980 , in Newport News , Virginia . The second of four children born to Brenda Vick and Michael Boddie , Michael Vick grew up in a tough area of his hometown , a place dominated by drugs and gang activity . ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website Despite their surroundings , Brenda and Michael ran a stable household . Michael , a sandblaster at the local shipyard who had played football in his youth , seems to have had a special premonition about his son . According to one account , upon Vick 's birth his father cradled him in his arms , took him outside and held him up toward the nighttime sky . `` Behold the only thing greater than yourself , '' he then said , repeating the words Omoro spoke to his son , Kunta Kinte , in the movie Roots . ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Athletic Ability Like his father , who gave him his first football at the age of three , Vick showed an early talent for the game . At Warwick High School , Vick grew close to the football team 's coach , Tommy Reamon , a former World Football League star . Reamon pushed Vick to work on his passing skills and hit the weight room to add bulk to his skinny frame . Plagued by a weak offensive line , Reamon encouraged Vick to take advantage of his blazing speed by scrambling out of the QB pocket and improvising the team 's offense . Vick flourished under his coach 's tuteledge and by his senior year , Vick , who throws left but is actually right-handed , was considered one of the top high school quarterbacks in the country . Turning down an offer to go to Syracuse University , Vick chose to stay closer to home and sign on with Virginia Tech in nearby Blacksburg . There , the highly touted Vick did not disappoint . After redshirting his freshmen year , the 19-year-old quarterback led the Hokies to an undefeated season and a spot in the Sugar Bowl where they fell against Florida State in the national title game . Vick was named the Big East 's Offensive Player of the Year , and finished third in the Heisman Trophy voting . Vick and the Virginia Tech team slipped down in the rankings the following year , but the National Football League scouts drooled at the prospect of seeing the QB—a 6-foot 1-inch , quarterback who could chuck the ball 80 yards—on the pro stage . His athletic prowess even caught the attention of Major League Baseball , and in the 2000 MLB draft the Colorado Rockies selected Vick in the 30th round , this despite the fact that he had n't even played the game since he was 14 .
NFL Career Vick , however , did n't give baseball any serious thought . Instead he bypassed the final two years of college to play in the NFL . In desperate need of a quarterback and a star , the Atlanta Falcons traded up to the No . 1 slot in the 2001 NFL draft and nabbed him . Vick 's reward for turning pro was a six-year , $ 62 million contract that included a $ 15 million signing bonus . Playing sparingly his rookie year , Vick took over Atlanta 's starting quarterback job the following season , leading the Falcons to the playoffs and earning a spot in the Pro Bowl . After an injury shortened his 2003 season , Vick and his teammates captured the NFC South crown in 2004 , losing to the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship game . The script seemed to be going as planned . The Falcons were now title contenders and Vick was the franchise QB the club had yearned for . That season , team officials handed Vick a lavish 10-year , $ 130 million contract extension .
Dog-Fighting Scandal But there would be no Super Bowl parades . Plagued by poor decision-making , a questionable circle of friends , and arrogance , Vick 's life and career began to spiral downward . Over the next two seasons , the Falcons ' fortunes slipped . They finished around .500 and , while Vick continued to put up good numbers , there were concerns about his maturity and his ability to handle the stardom that had been thrust upon him . While Vick had talked openly about wanting to leave Newport News ( he often referred to it as `` Bad Newz , '' a nickname he later gave his kennel and dog fighting ring ) his hometown was never far behind him . His sprawling $ 3.8 million home in Duluth , Georgia , was a veritable playground for Vick and his childhood pals . Yet trouble seemed to be always nipping at Vick 's heels . In 2004 , two men driving a truck owned by Vick were arrested for transporting a large quantity of marijuana . Vick was never prosecuted . The following year , a woman sued him for allegedly giving her a sexually transmitted disease . The QB settled the case out of the court . More serious trouble , however , came two years later . In April 2007 , authorities investigating drug activity related to a cousin of Vick 's raided a property owned by the football star in Surry County , Virginia . The raid unveiled an entrenched dog-fighting scene that included a number of injured animals . Vick denied any connection to the ring , even going so far as to tell NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell in person that he had nothing to do with it . But as pressure mounted , and the evidence connecting Vick to the ring increased , the Falcons QB pled guilty . In August 2007 , he admitted he had bankrolled and participated in the operation . The NFL suspended Vick indefinitely . Still , it was n't until October of 2007 , following an intense 5-hour grilling by FBI agents , that Vick admitted to killing dogs himself . `` I did it all , '' he is reported to have said . `` I did everything . If you need me to say more , I 'll say more . ''
Legal Battles On December 10th , a US District Judge sentenced Vick to 23 months in prison for running a `` cruel and inhumane '' dog fighting ring and then lying to officials about it . He was also ordered to pay nearly $ 1 million in restitution charges . But while one case closed , the doors to more trouble opened . In May 2009 , Vick was ordered to pay the Royal Bank of Canada more than $ 2.5 million for defaulting on a loan connected to a real estate venture . A week later a second order—this one for $ 1.1 million—was issued in favor of Wachovia Bank on loan default for a failed restaurant . The following May , the U.S. Department of Labor filed a complaint that accused Vick of spending $ 1.3 million from a pension plan associated with a celebrity-marketing firm he owned . That same month the 28-year-old Vick , who had shaved a few months off his sentence for entering a drug treatment program , was released from federal prison in Leavenworth , Kansas , and returned home to Virginia , where he was scheduled to serve two months of home confinement . Vick was clearly interested in returning to the NFL upon his release from Leavenworth . Speculation soon swirled about possible landing spots for the QB , who in early June was officially cut from the Falcons . The league still had not lifted his suspension , and football experts at the time were far from certain of how things would play out . What was clear was that Vick—who filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and was on a three-year probation—not only wanted to play , but needed to play .
Former England manager stepped down as a coach on TuesdayTim Sherwood remains favourite to succeed Redknapp at Loftus Road
Glenn Hoddle has revealed he left his post as a coach at Queens Parks Rangers out of loyalty to Harry Redknapp .
The former England manager was brought in to help on a part-time basis at the start of the season but relinquished his duties after Redknapp confirmed his resignation on Tuesday morning .
“ As Harry had taken me to Queens Park Rangers , I thought the right thing to do was to leave , ” Hoddle told Zapsportz.com . “ It was an act of loyalty to Harry . The club have been excellent with their attitude towards me . ”
The former Tottenham manager Tim Sherwood remains the favourite to succeed Redknapp at Loftus Road , with the chairman , Tony Fernandes , also understood to be considering the Derby manager , Steve McClaren , and the Real Madrid assistant , Paul Clement .
Redknapp was also followed out of the door at Rangers by Joe Jordan , his assistant , but the coach Kevin Bond , who has worked with the pair for many years , will be in charge of the first team with Chris Ramsey until a permanent manager is in place .
Video game consoles have become one of the most important and highly sought after items that frugal minded shoppers wait for every Black Friday . The deals are vast and many of them are n't even deals at all . For instance , in 2013 many stores featured the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 in their holiday flyers . The problem was there was no actual price cut , and they used these hot items to get people in their stores . 2014 has already proven to be a different year with a wide variety of deals on consoles , bundles and individual games . Not all of them are winners though . Here are our recommendations for the gaming deals that are worth missing your delicious pumpkin pie over , and the ones that you should really throw your pumpkin pie on . We will update this list as we receive more information from stores such as Amazon and Newegg .
Microsoft Xbox One
Microsoft made waves in October when they announced the Xbox One 's price would be slashed another $ 50 . This brought the price down to $ 349.99 from a price of $ 399.99 . This price drop included the console without Kinect as well as various bundles such as Asssassin 's Creed and Call of Duty . This was already the second price drop for a console that retailed at $ 499 a little over a year ago when it was first released . Already trailing the PlayStation 4 in overall sales and customer loyalty , Microsoft 's plan for lower prices better work this year or the battle for this round of console wars may officially be over . Here are the deals you need to get if you are going to be buying an Xbox One this year .
Xbox One with Assassin 's Creed Bundle with Black Flag digital downloads for $ 329.99 + $ 50 Target Gift Card – Save $ 70
This is by far the best Xbox One deal that you can get this year . First off , it comes from a major retailer . While Meijer has a similar deal , which we will get to next , they are n't exactly a national store so its reach is limited . Second , many other stores have the same Assassin 's Creed Bundle for the same price but without the gift card . Third , other stores have the nerve to sell the Xbox One console alone for $ 329.99 . Target is giving you the game and the gift card , which gives the console itself a mouthwatering net price of $ 229.99 ! Just subtract $ 50 for the game and $ 50 for the Target Gift Card . Find it on page 1 of the Target Black Friday flyer . Quantities are obviously limited and there are no rain checks so you may want to get there early for this special deal .
Xbox One with Assassin 's Creed Bundle with Black Flag digital downloads for $ 329.99 + $ 50 Meijer Gift Card – Save $ 70
Deja Vu . Meijer is offering the same exact bundle that Target is offering as a part of their Thanksgiving sale . Since Meijer 's Thanksgiving sale starts at an absurd 6:00 AM on Thanksgiving morning , you may actually have a chance to eat a normal Turkey dinner since they are sparing us having to go out at night . This one is limited so we recommend getting there hours before . The $ 50 gift card can be used on your next shopping trip from 11/30 to 12/24 and there is a limit of 2 coupons per customer . Find it at the bottom of page 1 of the Meijer Thanksgiving flyer .
Xbox One Console or Game Bundle with Kinect for $ 429.95 + $ 50 AAFES Gift Card – Save $ 70
This one you are going to have to get there early for . We were a bit relucant to put this one on the list since not everyone can shop at AAFES . If you or someone you know has access to the AAFES store , you are in for a real treat . This same console or bundle with Kinect is going for the same price of $ 429.95 at other stores such as Best Buy , Toys R Us and TigerDirect . When you buy it at AAFES , you also get a $ 50 gift card which gives this bundle a net price of $ 379.99 . Since everyone is going to want the bundle , they are going to sell out quickly and getting a package with just the console is n't nearly as appealing , so make sure you are there hours before their 4:00 AM Friday opening time . You can also get a gift card for $ 25 when you purchase any non-Kinect console or bundle for $ 329.95 , which is on par with other stores prices . Find it on page 6 of the AAFES Black Friday flyer .
Xbox One Halo The Master Chief Collection Bundle for $ 329.99 + $ 30 Walmart Gift Card – Save $ 70
While we think Walmart could have done a little better with the $ 30 gift card , this is a bundle you wo n't find anywhere else . Right on page 1 , this bundle includes the Xbox One console , access to Halo Guardians beta , 4 classic Halo games and digital series Halo Nightfall . This exclusive to Walmart bundle has a 1-hour price guarantee as a part of their 6pm Thanksgiving Night sale . Even with the gift card , which we feel should be for $ 50 , the net price of the console is $ 249.99 ! Not too shabby . Find it on page 1 of the Walmart Black Friday flyer .
The Rest :
None of the other bundles really stood out to us as they are all the same . Since circumstances exist and you may not be able to be at one of the above listed stores early , here is a quick breakdown of other retailers offering less than stellar deals . You will save $ 70 on all of these :
Best Buy : Xbox One Assassin 's Creed Bundle with Kinect for $ 429.99 . Find it on page 3
Dell : Xbox One Bundle with Assassin 's Creed : Unity & Black Flag for $ 329.99 . Find it on page 5
Sam 's Club : Xbox One Bundle with Assassin 's Creed : Unity & Black Flag for $ 329.99 . Find it on page 3
GameStop : Somehow GameStop disappointed us twice with mediocre Xbox deals . They have the standard bundle without Kinect for $ 329.99 and the Kinect version for $ 429.99 just like everyone else . If GameStop is n't even going to have the best gaming prices , what are they good for honestly ? Find it on page 1 .
Sony PlayStation 4
The PlayStation has been a true powerhouse in the gaming world for years now . The Xbox One has proven thus far to be no real competition with Sony 's newest baby slaughtering it in both sales and popularity . While Sony did n't have to take any desperate measures like officially discounting their console and bundles , there are a few awesome sales that stores are offering . Unfortunately there are a few ones that will put you to sleep as well so here are the ones you should keep your eye on :
PS4 Bundle with Grand Theft Auto V & Last of Us Remastered Bundle for $ 399.99 or PS4 Family Bundle with Little Big Planet 3 and Lego Batman 3 for $ 399.99 + $ 50 Meijer Gift Card – Save $ 100+
Unfortunately our best PlayStation 4 bundle comes from Meijer . While we are n't saying Meijer is n't an excellent retailer , they are not exactly a national chain so the entire country ca n't take advantage of this deal . It is far and away the best overall price for a PS4 bundle though so it would be a crime to not have it as our top selection . Other stores are offering these same exact bundles for $ 399.99 with no gift card . Choose between Grand Theft Auto V & Last of Us Remastered or go with the family bundle of Little Big Planet 3 and Lego Batman 3 . If you are lucky enough to live in a location with a Meijer , we urge you to jump on this . The gift card is valid on purchases from 11/30 to 12/24 . Find it on page 1 of the Meijer Thanksgiving ad .
PlayStation 4 Bundle with Choice of 2 Games for $ 449 ( online only ! ) – Save around $ 50
Our 2nd top PS4 bundle choice is thankfully one that you wo n't have to camp outside for . Walmart is offering this special buy bundle all day Thursday , while supplies last of course , strictly on Walmart.com . Since you are now competing with millions of shoppers on Walmart.com as opposed to hundreds at your local store , we recommend hitting the refresh button on Walmart 's website often on Thanksgiving until this bundle is available . While this bundle is n't the best price wise , it does offer two distinct advantages . It is available online and you get to choose which games you want . Find it at the bottom of page 2 of the Walmart Black Friday ad .
The Rest :
Unfortunately those were the only two standout deals . Every other store is literally offering the same exact bundle for the same price . You will save around $ 100 on all of these :
Target : 500GB Bundle w/ GTA 5 & The Last Of Us Digital Download for $ 399.99 . Find it on page 36
Walmart : 500GB Bundle w/ GTA 5 & The Last Of Us Digital Download for $ 399.99 Find it on page 2
Walmart : PlayStation 4 console with $ 50 Walmart Gift Card for $ 399.99 . Find it on page 2 .
Toys R Us : PlayStation 4 Bundle with Lego Batman 3 & Little Big Planet 3 for $ 399.99 . Find it on page 25 .
Nintendo Wii U
At this point , the Wii U is in a class of its own . Unfortunately for Nintendo that is n't a good thing . While the console still has some great games and provides a fun party gamining experience , it just does n't measure up to the superior Xbox One and PS4 . The amount of sales this year on Wii U consoles and bundles reflects this as well . Even though the sales are scarce , there are a few good and very bad ones :
Wii U Skylanders SWAP Force Bundle for $ 199.99 – Save $ 100
This is by far the best Wii U bundle available so far this year and the lowest we have seen this particular bundle priced . It is buried towards the back of the Toys R Us ad and has actually been overlooked by many of our readers who did n't notice it . We have also seldom seen it reported by other media outlets compared to other console deals . The $ 199.99 price tag is a $ 100 savings from the retail price of $ 299.99 . This is a part of their Thanksgiving doorbusters , which start at 5pm and supplies are limited so you may want to show up early for this one . Find it on page 24 of the Toys R Us Black Friday Ad .
Wii U Super Mario 3D World & Nintendo Land Bundle for $ 249.99 – Save $ 50
This one breaks our heart and not because it is n't a good deal . Unless you live close to a Fred Meyer ( all 10 of you please stand up , ) you wo n't be able to take advantage of this offer , as it is an in-store doorbuster that is available on Thanksgiving Day from 7am until Noon . Included is the 32 GB console , a gamepad controller , sensor bar and the games listed above . This is a savings of $ 50 and they are actually offering this same discount on every Wii U console that they have in stock . Find it on page 7 of the Fred Meyer Black Friday Ad .
The Rest :
The following bundles are more of a warning to avoid buying than to buy . While the GameStop and Walmart bundles are n't overpriced , they do n't actually offer any discount . The Best Buy bundle is just confusing and possibly an error on their part . You will save $ 0 on these and you actually might end up paying more for some ! Buyer beware :
Wii U Super Mario 3D World & Nintendo Land Bundle for $ 299.99
GameStop has disappointed us again . This bundle , which is already available for $ 299.99 on many websites , is in their Black Friday ad for $ 299.99 . That 's just a waste of space at this point as there is no deal to be seen . See it in all its unglory on page 7 of the GameStop Black Friday ad .
Wii U Super Mario 3D World & Nintendo Land Bundle + Super Smash Brothers and Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze for $ 359.97
* Update – We originally had this bundle listed at a price tag of $ 359.97 for the Wii U Console , Super Mario 3D World and Nintendo Land . This confused us as it was not a good deal at all and was actually more expensive . We were alerted that this bundle also comes with Super Smash Brothers and Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze which are clearly in the picture but not mentioned in the description on Best Buy 's flyer for some reason . You will save close to $ 50 . Find it on page 14 of the Best Buy Black Friday Ad .
Wii U Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Set with Nintendo Land Game Included for $ 299.96
This Walmart exclusive bundle comes from their Thanksgiving ad . This bundle , which currently sells for $ 299.96 on their website , will be available for again at $ 299.96 for a massive savings of $ 0 . Find it on page 7 of the Walmart Thanksgiving ad .
The PBE has been updated ! To start the 6.17 PBE cycle , we have new , andskins up for testing , new Arcade summoner icons and ward skin , aof balance changes , & more ! Continue reading for more information !
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and subject to change - what you see below may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers at the end of the cycle ! Manage your expectations accordingly . )
Table of Contents
New Skins
Arcade skins are debuting in 6.17 - Arcade Ahri , Arcade Corki , and Arcade Ezreal !
Three newskins are debuting in 6.17 - , and
Arcade Ahri
1350 RP
[ tails cycle color automatically ! ]
Riot LoveStrut
`` PLAYER 1 SELECT : Arcade Ahri
“ If you 'd like to play with me , you 'd better be sure you know the game . ”
There are no cheats or strats that can stop Arcade Ahri from getting what she wants , especially in the video game world . Arcade Ahri has Spirit Rushed her way into her favorite game , so hold onto the heart capsules you have left ! You never know when they 'll be charmed away~
Arcade Ahri will be 1350 RP * and includes :
Brand-new model and textures ! ( AND THE TAIL , IT CHANGES COLORS ! )
All-new VFX ! ( Pixelated orbs , pixelated hearts , pixelated everything ! )
All-new SFX ! ( 16-bit , enemies gettin ' hit~♫ )
New recall ! ( Arcade Ahri takes game immersion seriously . ; ] )
We always love the feedback and feelings that you cuties provide ! Any bug reports and thoughts help guide us toward ways to make these skins even more awesome , so please keep 'em coming ! < 3
Thankies ! ''
Arcade Corki
1350 RP
Riot Time Wizard
PLAYER 3 SELECT : Arcade Corki
The letters `` CRK '' have topped the scoreboard for ages . None have been able to outplay this veteran pilot !
Some say he 's been zipping around since the 8-bit days , but one thing is certain : Corki is proud to put the `` old '' in `` old school . ''
Arcade Corki will be 1350 RP * and includes –
New model and textures !
All-new particles !
All-new sound effects !
New recall and updated animations !
A ship with turn tech and BARREL ROLLS ! As always , we look out for all bug reports and feedback , so please feel to share your thoughts and/or questions in this thread !
* Prices on PBE are subject to change . ''
Arcade Ezreal
1350 RP
Nurse Flan
`` PLAYER 2 SELECT : Arcade Ezreal
Arcade Ezreal has teleported into a video game world ! He 's picked out his favorite abilities and is going for that high score ! Watch out , Arcade Ahri !
Fun Development Fact :
That is the actual model of the old , old Dragon in the Recall ! It has been shrunk down and texture pixelated to match the `` retro '' arcade theme !
Fun Arcade Ezreal Facts :
Completely new model ! ( so JRPG ! ) All-newVFX ! ( we love our pixels ! )
All-newSFX ! ( digital pew-pews ! )
New recall ! ( it 's over 9000 ! )
Set to be 1350 RP ( pricing always subject to change )
We 'd love to hear your thoughts and feelings on the new Arcade Ezreal as you take a first look at this in-progress skin ! The feedback and bugs you leave here will help us get a better idea of things we may still have to take a look at . : ]
See you on the Rift ! ''
New Summoner Icons
New Ward Skin New skins and icons not enough ? A new arcade themed GAME ON Ward skin has also been added !
GAME ON WARD 640 RP
New skins and icons not enough ? A new arcade themed GAME ON Ward skin has also been added !
New Chroma assets added
Champ Finder feature testing soon .
Rayven
`` Hey PBE Folks !
In the middle of a team fight or after a Blitz pull , it can be tough to keep track of your champion . We 're working on a small feature which displays a self-only visual effect when you press and hold spacebar ( or whatever your `` center camera '' hotkey is set to ) .
We 're looking to get feedback on our current approach , so on PBE , this feature will be on by default for all players . Very interested to hear your thoughts on visual quality , readability , and usefulness . Is it too loud ? Does it get in your way ? Do you not even notice it ?
It 'll be available soon , so try it out and let us know what you think . ''
Miscellaneous
New `` NA 2016 '' Summoner 's Rift decorations added .
Balance Changes * Remember * : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical or experimental changes . Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that did n't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle ! These are not official notes .
* : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical or experimental changes . Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that did n't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle ! These areofficial notes .
Champions * * Ashe
Ranger 's Focus ( Q ) duration lowered to 4 seconds from 5 Enchanted Crystal Arrow ( R ) damage lowered to 200/350/500 from 250/425/600
Brand
Pyroclasm ( R )
AP ratio increased to 35 % from 25 %
Damage increased to 125/225/325 from 100/200/300
Diana
Moonfall ( E ) now displaces 250 units up from 150 . * *
* * Draven
Whirling Death ( R )
Mana cost decreased to 100 at all ranks from 120
Cooldown lowered to 100/90/80 from 110/100/90
Evelynn
Agony 's Embrace ( R )
Now deals up to 160/280/400 ( + 40 % AP ) magic damage based on how healthy targets are from 15/20/25 % ( + 1 % per 100 AP ) current health in magic damage .
Cooldown lowered to 130/110/90 from 150/120/90
Rising Spell Force ( Passive ) now scales up to 10/12/14/16 % per stack at levels 1/6/11/16 from 10 % at all ranks . * *
Cannon Barrage ( R )
Cooldown increased to 180/160/140 from 160/150/140
Damage per wave lowered to 35/60/85 from 50/70/90
Bodyslam ( E ) cooldown increased to 16/15/14/13/12 from 12 at all ranks
Explosive Cask ( R ) now has a fixed travel time
now has a fixed travel time `` Also Gragas has a fixed travel time on his ult on PBE . This means when you point blank it , you see the barrel lob up for 0.55 seconds . `` * *
Thundering Blow ( Hammer E ) mana cost lowered to 40 at all ranks from 40/50/60/70/80/90
mana cost lowered to 40 at all ranks from 40/50/60/70/80/90 Transform ( R ) cooldown lowered to 4 seconds from 6 seconds .
Whisper ( Passive )
Base Movement speed from crits reduced to 3 % from 10 %
Attack speed ratio increased to 6 % movement speed per 10 % attack speed from 4 % MS per 10 % AS .
Deadly Flourish ( W )
AD ratio lowered to 50 % from 70 %
Damage to minions and monsters increased to 75 % from 65 %
Curtain Call ( R ) [ tool tip no longer mentions `` If canceled early , Curtain Call 's cooldown is refunded by 10 % for each unused shot . ''
Super Mega Death Rocket ! ( R )
Minimum damage ratio increased to 15 % bonus AD from 10 %
Maximum damage increased to 150 % bonus ad from 100 %
Lightning Rush ( E )
Damage lowered to 70/110/150/190/230 from 85/125/165/205/245
No longer deals 50 % damage to minions .
Brutal Strikes ( W )
Cooldown lowered to 12 at all ranks from 14
Passive Armor increase increased to 15/20/25/30/35 % from 10/15/20/25/30 %
Black Shield ( E ) [ range increased to 800 from 750 ]
* *
Command : Shockwave ( R )
Cooldown lowered 110/95/80 from 120/105/90
Mana cost lowered to 100 at all ranks from 100/125/150
Base movement speed increased to 345 from 340
increased to 345 from 340 Steadfast Presence ( W ) passive 's armor and mr bonus increased to 15 % from 12 % .
Void Rush ( R ) cooldown increased to 180/140/100 from 150/110/70
Wind Slash ( R )
Minimum damage increased to 100/150/200 from 80/120/160
Maximum damage increased to 300/450/600 from 240/360/480
Ricochet ( W ) bounce damage now 50/55/60/65/70 % from 60/65/70/75/80 %
bounce damage now 50/55/60/65/70 % from 60/65/70/75/80 % On The Hunt ( R ) passive 's attack speed on W decreased to 30/45/60 % from 40/60/80 %
The Box ( R ) cooldown lowered to 140/120/100 from 150/140/130
Pillar of Ice ( E ) cooldown changed to 22/20/18/16/14 from 23/20/17/14/11
Tumble ( Q ) bonus physical damage increased to 30/40/50/60/70 % AD from 30/35/40/45/50 % AD
Baleful Strike ( Q ) [ ranged increased by 50 ]
Vault Breaker ( Q ) cooldown now 16/14/12/10/8 from 18/15.5/13/10.5/8
Here'swith a bugs & feedback thread onHere'swith a bugs & feedback thread forHere'swith a bugs & feedback thread forFour new arcade themed summoner icons are now on the PBE to go with the new skins ! New sets of assets for upcoming chroma for , andare included in today 's PBE update but they areWe 'll have preview videos and screenshots once they fully hit the PBE for testing.These come along with changes to availability and pricing , including individual purchase , more options per new chroma , and windowed IP sales . Context post on Chroma returning available here . Here'swith a request for feedback on a new champ finder feature being tested on the PBE : This new option can be found under Notifications in the Interface tab.and when enabled , centering the camera puts an indicator around your character - circle below and arrow above .
When former President George W. Bush 's family emails were hacked earlier this year , the world learned something new about the 43rd president : he 's a painter .
In an interview with the Dallas Morning News published Sunday , Bush addressed the collections of paintings and self-portraits that surfaced in March .
`` People are surprised , '' Bush said . `` Of course , some people are surprised I can even read . ''
The paintings went viral after Gawker published twelve of the former president 's works . The Internet and art world teemed with speculation about the collection of paintings , which includes still life , landscapes and portraits of Bush 's late dog Barney Bush . Until now , the paintings have gone unaddressed by the former president .
`` It 's a way to create , '' Bush said . `` I enjoy creating ... You can express yourself in a way that 's unique . ''
Bush also told the Dallas Morning News that since leaving the Oval Office , he 's enjoyed an array of hobbies beyond painting , including mountain biking and golf . Regarding the interesting mix of activities , Bush said he takes `` great delight in busting stereotypes . ''
Bush 's brother , former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush ( R ) , addressed Dubbya 's now-famous hobby in an interview with CNN last month , saying his brother 's interest in the arts was initially surprising .
A new ransomware ( eduware ? ) called EduCrypt was discovered by AVG security researcher Jakub Kroustek that tries to teach its victims a lesson about ransomware . Like other encrypting malware , EduCrypt will encrypt a victim 's files , but instead of demanding a ransom , it gives the victim the password for free along with a reprimand .
This ransomware is based off of the open source Hidden Tear ransomware and the sample was obfuscated using Confuser . Once I was able to deobfuscate the program , it was clear that it was a very stripped down version of the Hidden Tear ransomware that was designed purely to teach the victim a lesson . It has a limited set of folders that it encrypts , a small amount of targeted file extensions , and does not communicate with a Command & Control server .
When started , it will encrypt files located in the following folders :
% UserProfile % \Desktop % UserProfile % \Downloads % UserProfile % \Documents % UserProfile % \Pictures % UserProfile % \Music % UserProfile % \Videos
When scanning these folders , it will encrypt files that match certain extensions using AES encryption with a static password of HDJ7D-HF54D-8DN7D . When a file is encrypted it will append the .isis extension to the filename . For example , the file test.jpg would be encrypted as test.jpg.isis .
The file extension encrypted by EduCrypt are :
.txt , .exe , .doc , .docx , .xls , .index , .pdf , .zip , .rar , .css , .lnk , .xlsx , .ppt , .pptx , .odt , .jpg , .bmp , .png , .csv , .sql , .mdb , .sln , .php , .asp , .aspx , .html , .xml , .psd , .bk , .bat , .mp3 , .mp4 , .wav , .wma , .avi , .divx , .mkv , .mpeg , .wmv , .mov , .ogg
When it is finished , it will create a note called README.txt on the victim 's desktop . This note provides a link to a decryptor and information on what happened to the victim 's files . The hidden file that it references is located at % UserProfile % \Documents\DecryptPassword.txt and contains the password that can be used to decrypt your files .
As already stated , this password is HDJ7D-HF54D-8DN7D and is the same for everyone affected by this program .
Though EduCrypt provides a link to a Hidden Tear decryptor , I suggest users use the one created by Michael Gillespie as we know that it is trustworthy . This decryptor can be downloaded at the following URL : https : //download.bleepingcomputer.com/demonslay335/hidden-tear-decrypter.zip .
Though I do not agree with the methods the developer used to try and teach victim 's a lesson about being safe on the Internet , his statements are correct . Users need to be very careful these days about what they download and run from the Internet . Malware is running rampant and users need to be extra vigilant or the consequences can be costly .
It is easy to think that war-fighting is deteriorating into barbarism . The Islamic State 's campaign of terror , Boko Haram 's sexual violence and use of child bombers , the razing of Aleppo are all playing out in horrific immediacy on social media .
Now the largest-ever survey on attitudes to war reveals a tougher , more cynical public view on how fighting is done , including the statistic that nearly one quarter of Australians think torturing enemy soldiers is justifiable .
The survey of 17,000 people in 16 countries , published by the International Committee of the Red Cross on Monday , found that while most people still believe war should have rules , faith in the Geneva Convention is fading and there is growing acceptance of torture and civilian casualties .
It is prompting the Red Cross , the respected organisation that works in the world 's most dangerous places , to call for a renewed effort to promote the virtues of rules in warfare .
Story time !
A few weeks ago , I was having dinner with a large group of people , most of whom I had not met before , and struck up a conversation with the woman across the table from me . I did n't catch her name because it was loud in the restaurant , but I 'll call her H. We were all splitting some big margarita pitchers and having fun , and her questions about my split tongue moved onto a conversation about piercings in general , which was fine by me because I always enjoy talking about that sort of thing . I enjoy evangelizing about genital piercings when I have the chance , because I always want to make sure people know they heal very quickly when compared to a lot of other piercings and are often not as painful as one might think . So , since I was tipsy and H was friendly , I found myself talking about how genital piercings are great ! And when she said “ oh , well , maybe it 's different for men because your parts are larger , but with a smaller area I think it 's more intimidating for women to get those piercings , ” it somehow made sense for me to tell her that because I 'm trans , my genital piercing experiences were not the same as what most cis men would go through .
( Again , there were many very strong margaritas at our table . )
Her reaction was not really what I want to hear when I disclose to someone , but it was n't too surprising either : her eyes got wide and she said “ REALLY ? I never would have guessed ! I could n't tell at all ! ”
Folks , let me be clear : I do n't feel complimented with someone tells me how they “ never would have guessed ” I was trans . Am I a carnival game ? Do you go around guessing if people around you are trans or cis ? Really ? If folks are trying to be nice when they say this sort of thing , they 're failing . If you like how I rock my gender presentation , tell me ! But do n't gush over how fucking cis I look to you because I do not want to hear it .
In that moment , I realized I was stuck in “ trans ambassador ” mode , which I tried to live in 24/7 when I first came out and quickly learned was a quick way to burn out on any interaction with clueless ( even if well-meaning ) cisgendered people . I try not to slip into that role if I can avoid it , but in a loud restaurant when both individuals in a conversation are drunk… it 's not an ideal time to have a Teaching Moment about inappropriate reactions to trans disclosure , and it was easier to just let her talk . So I got to hear stories about how surprised H was to know several trans women who were so beautiful and who you would never know were trans , a trans woman she dated who she considered her “ bridge ” between straight and lesbian relationships ( yeah , I 'm kicking myself now for not calling her out on that because it was pretty gross , but again : drunk ! loud ! ) , etc . etc . I 'm pretty sure she was honestly being enthusiastic and excited , but it did n't make me feel like any less of a novelty item . I doubt she would have liked it if I said “ OH , you 're a lesbian ! I would n't have known at all ! I knew someone who turned out to be a lesbian , and we were all so surprised ! ” but even in queer-land , etiquette seems to fly out the window where trans people are concerned .
It 's not that I 'm particularly angry or bitter about this , but it was a weird moment . I really did just want to talk about how great piercings are and instead I felt like a tipsy science experiment .
Oh , and the best part of this conversation ? I was one of four trans folks at our end of the table . Apparently she would have NEVER GUESSED it about any of them , though , so they were all spared the delights of this particular discussion .
Advertisements
There was n't much debate at the very top when ESPN Insider 's NFL scout Matt Williamson and Insider Mike Sando ranked all 106 players headed to the Super Bowl .
Peyton Manning of the AFC champion Denver Broncos ran unopposed in the No . 1 slot . From there , however , the NFC champion Seattle Seahawks accounted for eight of the other nine spots in the top 10 , a reflection of their strength throughout the roster .
In constructing the ranking , Williamson and Sando took into account a range of factors , but mostly focused on which players were playing the best , with less consideration for positional value . That explains why Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson did n't rank among the top five -- though he was n't far behind .
1 . QB Peyton Manning -- Broncos
Completing 32 of 43 passes for 400 yards and two touchdowns in the AFC Championship Game only affirmed what we 've seen from Manning all season . He had arguably the best season of any quarterback ever . He has to be No . 1 on the list . Now , will he still be the best player on the field when the wind picks up at MetLife Stadium ? We 'll find out .
2 . CB Richard Sherman -- Seahawks
With all due respect to Darrelle Revis and Patrick Peterson , Sherman has established himself as the most effective cornerback in the league . The 49ers rarely threw at him during the NFC Championship Game , and when they did , Sherman made them pay . Say what you wish about Sherman 's bravado , but he is a building-block player -- smart , prepared and perfect for the scheme .
AUSTIN , Texas -- Three South Austin neighborhoods are about to become no parking zones for all major events .
• Rules would prohibit public parking in the Zilker , Barton Hills and Bouldin Creek neighborhoods
• Preliminary plans would include permanent signs on virtually every street in the three neighborhoods
• Transportation officials said installation of the signs will cost about $ 96,000 to install
For the past couple years , transportation officials have blocked off several streets to non-residents during events like ACL Music Fest and Blues on the Green . No Parking signs would extend from Barton Springs Road all the way south of Barton Skyway .
The new rules would prohibit public parking in the Zilker , Barton Hills and Bouldin Creek neighborhoods during all official events at Auditorium Shores and Zilker Park .
They 're part of a set of recommendations that came from a task force created by the Austin City Council to improve crowd management of major events .
Transportation officials were not available for interviews Friday , but a spokesperson said their chief concern is ensuring fire trucks and ambulances can access all streets .
`` The one percent of the time when your house is burning down or your kid is sick and you need EMS get to you as fast as possible -- that 's when it really counts , '' said Jeff Jack , President of Zilker Neighborhood Association .
In addition , Jack said families in those neighborhoods deserve peace and quiet .
`` They do n't want to have people dumping trash in their front yards , parking too close to their driveways , or making a lot of noise late at night , '' he said .
Preliminary plans would include permanent signs on virtually every street in the three neighborhoods that are adjacent to Zilker Park and Auditorium Shores .
Mary Owens lives in the affected area , but she said she only learned of the months-long discussion Thursday night .
MORE | Map of Proposed Parking Restrictions
Owens lives on a street that already has parking restrictions in place . She said they create an unwelcome feeling for her visitors .
`` If the whole neighborhood is blanketed with signs , it will look like no one is ever welcome , '' Owens said . `` I guess if people do n't want parking in front of their house , they could put out some orange cones . It would be cheaper than whatever this project is . ''
Austin Transportation Department officials met privately with a handful of stakeholders Friday afternoon .
A city employee abruptly shut the door in the face of our Spectrum News crew upon arrival .
Owens is the head of a neighborhood organization , but she said she 's never been contacted by the city .
`` If I can have the opportunity to ask not to have more signs in my yard , I would probably ask not to have any more , '' she said .
Transportation officials said installation of the signs will cost about $ 96,000 to install . They plan to ask event organizers to cover the cost of the signs .
-- -
Join the Discussion :
Follow Spectrum News Austin on Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
Police say the gunman may have been firing at two people who were sitting at the platform at Rainier Beach Station .
Two cars on a light-rail train and a platform were struck by gunfire Thursday afternoon at the Rainier Beach Station , Seattle police said .
No one was injured by the gunfire .
Detective Mark Jamieson , police spokesman , said witnesses reported a man opened fire with a handgun at the platform , possibly aiming at two people who had been sitting there , just before 12:30 p.m . The two people fled so police are not sure they were the intended targets .
The gunman was described as black , in his 20s to 30s , wearing a black hat , black jacket and dark pants , Jamieson said .
Officers searched for the suspect near Martin Luther King Jr. Way South and South Henderson Street , but did n't find anyone , he said . Gang unit detectives are investigating .
Four nearby Seattle Public Schools were ordered to shelter in place for about an hour .
. In addition , light-rail service to and from the Rainier Beach station was disrupted.Normal service resumed at 1:34 p.m. with some disruptions .
Police are looking for a man who touched a female student on the UC Berkeley campus “ inappropriately ” Wednesday .
UCPD has said the man , who appeared 50-60 years old , touched the 20-year-old when she was walking through Upper Sproul Plaza at 11:50 a.m. No further detail about the battery was provided .
The man then left the area walking north toward Dwinelle Plaza .
The University of California Police Department looked for the man but could not find him .
He was described as white , 5 foot 9 and clean shaven . He was wearing dark framed sunglasses , a dark gray collared shirt and cargo pants . Police have released a surveillance video image of the man they believe is responsible .
Police ask anyone with information about this incident to call UCPD at 510-642-6760 .
UCPD shared the following safety tips :
If someone approaches or touches you in an inappropriate manner , try to get away and call out for help . Dial 911 , call 510-642-3333 or activate a Blue Light emergency phone .
If you start to feel concern about a person or situation , trust your feelings and try to remove yourself from the potential threat , even if it is someone you know .
For more resources related to sexual assault , visit Rainn.org .
Have a question about a local public safety incident ? Write to crime @ berkeleyside.com . Photographs and videos are always appreciated .
Support independent local journalism by becoming a Berkeleyside member . Members enjoy lots of perks , like invitations to member-only events , and an annual party .
Police received information from a credible source that the resident at that address had numerous unsecured rifles and shotguns strewn about his house and as a result , obtained a search warrant issued by a Clerk Magistrate at Quincy District Court .
Cohasset police seized approximately 100 unsecured weapons including shotguns , rifles and pistols from 50 Doane St. Friday afternoon . A Navy unit out of Newport , R.I. took custody of five military-grade ordnance shells also found in the home .
Police received information from a credible source that the resident at that address had numerous unsecured rifles and shotguns strewn about his house and as a result , obtained a search warrant issued by a Clerk Magistrate at Quincy District Court . They executed the search warrant at 2 p.m .
When the military shells were found , officers backed out of the home and notified the Massachusetts State Police Bomb Squad.� Members of the bomb squad arrived , assessed the shells , notified the United States Navy , and requested that they respond to take custody of the items.� It is not known if the shells are live or not .
Chief Bill Quigley explained that under state law firearms have to be secured in a locked cabinet or with a trigger lock . The 65-year-old man , who lives alone , did have a license to possess rifles and shotguns , which was revoked by Quigley on Friday . All of his weapons have been seized .
�There are no more firearms in the house and in the adjacent building which he also owns that was searched as well , � Quigley said .
This case remains under investigation by the Cohasset Police .
�
�
On the evening of July 20 , a man who said he was a Marine walked into Game On on Lansdowne Street with what he said was an emotional-support dog . By the time he left , police and bar managers said , he slapped one woman in the face , punched a bouncer twice and unleashed his now snarling dog on the crowd , urging it to bite everybody .
In the end , the dog bit just one person , the manager , whom it chomped in the buttocks when he attempted to grab its leash , police and the manager said .
According to police and the bar , the man was talking to two women at the bar , when he became argumentative , to the point of slapping one of them . A bouncer moved in to get him out , at which point the man punched the bouncer in the chest and the chin , after which `` he yelled at the dog to bite people in the bar , '' Officer James Lydon testified . The manager was then bitten .
Game On declined to press charges and the man did not show up for the hearing . The board decides Thursday whether to take any action , but board Chairwoman Christine Pulgini doubted it would . The manager has gotten whatever shots he needed , bar attorney Dennis Quilty said .
`` I 'm just wondering if the emotional support dog needs an emotional support dog , '' he added .
Let 's see if I have this straight .
President Trump announces that transsexuals will not be allowed to serve in the military .
And the Left declares that “ # TransRightsAreHumanRights . ”
Now , granted , Leftists think everything is a human right .
Health insurance is a human right to these people .
Which , I guess means doctors must bow down and become our indentured servants .
But inherent in this silly # TransRightsAreHumanRights kerfuffle is the notion that serving in the military is now a human right .
You get that ?
So , if you are blind , you should n't be prevented from joining the Marines because serving in the military is a human right .
And if you are a paranoid schizophrenic who hears voices , you can sign up for submarine school because serving in the military is a human right . And no Commander-in-Chief should ever be allowed to deprive you of your human right to serve .
Morbidly obese ? No problem ! You can be all that you can be !
Seizure disorder ? What 's the biggie ?
Heroin addict ? Hey , Afghanistan is the perfect place for you !
So run on down to the nearest recruiting center and sign up !
Because serving in the United States Armed Forces is now a human right !
Good gracious .
Do Leftists ever listen to themselves ?
Suddenly people who have shown nothing but disdain for military service are waxing patriotic about “ serving your nation in uniform . ”
So let 's take them at their word .
Let 's restore the draft .
We 'll see just how these newly minted patriotic lovers of military service react when they are required by law to spend two years in the armed forces .
Of course , there are no safe spaces in the military .
And segregation is not allowed .
Which would be bad news for all those social justice warriors who want to live in a white-free world .
But serving in the military is a human right .
You know . Just like getting health insurance is a human right .
And , hey . If the government can force you to purchase health insurance against your will because it 's a human right , then the government can force you to serve in the military .
So bring back the draft .
And let 's compel these folks to exercise their newly created human right .
But instead of calling it “ the draft , ” we 'll call it the Individual Military Service Mandate .
No future Congress will ever repeal it because that would throw twenty-two million Americans out of their human right to serve in the military .
And that 's just cruel and inhumane .
I know . The ones howling the loudest about “ serving your country ” would be the first to take to the streets to protest reinstituting the draft .
Because they really do n't give a damn about the United States Armed Forces .
They do n't care about military readiness or unit cohesion .
Why would they ?
These are the people who demand professors issue trigger warnings before having the temerity to begin a lecture .
The first time a drill sergeant calls them “ maggot , ” they 'd crumble into a heap and demand he undergo “ sensitivity training . ”
All their virtue-signaling tripe about “ proudly serving ” is just that – virtue-signaling tripe .
And let 's be honest .
They really do n't give a damn about transsexuals either .
If they did , they would show some concern over the astronomical suicide rate and the incidences of depression and anxiety that plague these troubled souls .
But they do n't .
Because it 's all a lie .
These virtue-signaling frauds are motivated by one thing and one thing only .
They hate this country — our traditions , heritage , culture , everything .
And in their desire to tear asunder the very fabric of this nation , they will even stoop to exploiting a tiny minority of deeply confused and troubled people to do it .
The only reason they want gender confused people to “ proudly serve ” is because they want to undermine our military in much the same way that they 've undermined our elections , our borders , our healthcare system , our free market economy and the value of a college education .
—
Hit the Tip Jar !
Your contributions help keep PatriotRetort.com an ad-free site . Hit DONATE button or the SUBSCRIBE button in the side bar . Even a few bucks can make a world of difference !
Check out DiannyTees.com
— my Conservative & Christian T-shirt Store .
Before he was elected president , Donald Trump frequently expressed frustration with America 's longest war .
“ Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024 — with all costs by U.S.A. , ” Trump wrote on Twitter in November 2013 . “ MAKE AMERICA GREAT ! ”
Trump shared his frank assessment about the Afghanistan conflict many times in 2013 , as the United States military was repeatedly hit by terrorist attacks in the region .
“ Let 's get out of Afghanistan . Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there , ” he wrote . “ Nonsense ! Rebuild the USA . ”
The mission in Afghanistan took a political blow as well in 2013 , as President Hamid Karzai challenged the Obama administration 's security pact .
“ We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan . Their government has zero appreciation . Let 's get out ! ” Trump said after Karzai 's bluster . “ Can you believe that “ President ” Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more , more , more and refuses to sign deal . Tell him to go to hell ! ”
Earlier in 2013 , Trump signaled agreement with then-President Barack Obama 's desire to get out of the country .
“ I agree with Pres . Obama on Afghanistan , ” after Obama and Karzai agreed to speed up the process of American troops leaving the country . “ We should have a speedy withdrawal . Why should we keep wasting our money — rebuild the U.S. ! ”
“ We should leave Afghanistan immediately . No more wasted lives , ” he wrote . “ If we have to go back in , we go in hard & quick . Rebuild the US first . ”
In 2015 , Trump ridiculed Obama for setting a date for the departure of U.S. troops , allowing the Taliban to wait out the war .
“ As soon as we left , they knocked the shit out of everybody ! ” Trump said during a speech in New Hampshire precluding his run for president .
At that time , Trump said the United States should be “ unpredictable ” in the fight in Afghanistan .
“ I would never have given a date … I would have said , ‘ No , we 're never leaving ! ” he said , predicting that the terrorists would give up if faced with American resolve .
As the election drew closer , Trump told voters that he would do things differently from previous presidents .
“ For years , we have been caught up in endless wars and conflicts under the leadership of failed politicians and a failed foreign policy establishment in Washington D.C. , ” he said during a rally in North Carolina in 2016 . “ The same people who made every wrong decision in Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya , Syria , Egypt , China and Russia are the same people who are advising Hillary Clinton . ”
Trump told voters that he would listen to the generals , instead of the foreign policy establishment .
“ I am proud instead to have the support of our warfighting generals , active duty military officers , and top military experts who know how to win – and know how to keep us out of endless war , ” he said .
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act ( CISPA ) , the latest attempt by the US legislative branch to hinder online freedom , just received a significant blow from concerned citizens . On the official White House petition site , an anti-CISPA petition has reached 100,000 signatures . That 's not just a big number — it 's the minimum requirement for a mandatory response from the White House .
The Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA ) and the Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act ( PIPA ) were successfully halted last year after near-universal outcry from internet citizens and internet giants like Wikipedia and Google . Now , CISPA is seeing similar backlash . While CISPA is n't focused on piracy like SOPA and PIPA , it still provides the US government the ability to legally spy on its citizens ' internet traffic with little-to-no roadblocks .
Last year , the White House made it clear that CISPA would be vetoed if it was voted into law , and it eventually died on the vine . Now that the act has been reintroduced by Michigan 's Mike Rogers in the House of Representatives , it 's important that the Obama administration come out against it as vigorously as it did last go around . This petition response gives the president a perfect platform to threaten a veto once more .
Earlier this week , 34 internet rights organizations sent a letter to congress balking at this reintroduction of CISPA . Unsurprisingly , among the 34 were Mozilla , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , and the American Civil Liberties Union . Despite early support last time around from companies like Microsoft and Facebook , CISPA was n't able to make it all the way . With these considerable objections , hopefully CISPA will die and stay dead this time . It is n't a done deal , though . Politicians , and the lobbyists they work with , have their minds set on controlling every aspect of the internet . It 's going to take a lot more than a petition to keep their hands off of internet freedom .
If you 're worried about CISPA , your best bet is to contact your elected officials to tell them you 're not having any part of this . While actual constituents wo n't have the same pull with congress as certain lobbyists , letting them know their jobs are on the line will have some weight behind it . Fighting off privacy invasion and internet-breaking regulation is a constant battle , and online petitions can only do so much . Letter-writing and phone calls will do much more for the cause of keeping the internet away from politicians .
Now read : Internet freedom is on the decline , but we 're fighting back
[ Image credit : Mark Skrobola & Joe Lustri ]
1973 single by King Harvest
`` Dancing in the Moonlight '' Single by King Harvest from the album Dancing in the Moonlight B-side `` Lady , Come On Home '' Released July 9 , 1972 ( ) Recorded 1972 Genre Pop rock Length 2 : 57 Label Perception ( P-515 ) Songwriter ( s ) Sherman Kelly Producer ( s ) Dave Robinson
`` Dancing in the Moonlight '' is a song written and originally recorded by the French-American rock group King Harvest . It was released as a single in 1972 and reached number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 . The song was written by Sherman Kelly and originally recorded in 1970 by his band , Boffalongo , and released as a single . In 2000 , a cover by Toploader became a Platinum hit , selling over 600,000 copies .
History [ edit ]
The song was written in 1968 by Sherman Kelly , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] whose brother , Wells Kelly – King Harvest 's drummer – introduced the song to the band . It was originally recorded in 1969 by the American band Boffalongo , which included Sherman Kelly ( singing lead on the original recording of his own composition ) [ 3 ] and future King Harvest frontman Doc Robinson . Wells Kelly later became the original drummer for Orleans . Meanwhile , while based in Paris , King Harvest recorded and released `` Dancing in the Moonlight '' as a single with `` Lady , Come On Home '' on the B side . Steve Cutler , a jazz drummer from New York City ( standing on the base of the pole in the cover picture ) , plays drums on the tracks and toured with the band in France and the UK . The group disbanded after six months and the single languished for a year until it was bought and released worldwide by Perception Records .
The song was also recorded by High Broom and released in 1970 on Island Records ( catalog no . WIP 6088 ; vinyl 7 '' ) . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] It failed to reach the UK Singles Chart .
In 1973 the singing and dancing act Young Generation released a cover version ; despite airplay , it failed to chart . In 1994 the Baha Men released the song as a single , but it also failed to chart . Their version was later used in the movie Fat Albert . The song finally charted in the UK in March 2000 , after being covered in 1999 by Toploader .
In Canada , the song made number 5 in the weekly charts and number 71 in the year-end chart for 1973 . [ 6 ]
Research published by US National Academy of Sciences warns climate change impacts could be worse than thought
An international scientific research project known as the Inter-Sectoral Impact Model Intercomparison Project ( ISI-MIP ) , run by 30 teams from 12 countries , has attempted to understand the severity and scale of global impacts of climate change . The project compares model projections on water scarcity , crop yields , disease , floods among other issues to see how they could interact .
The series of papers published by the Proceedings for the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) shows that policymakers might be underestimating the social and economic consequences of climate change due to insufficient attention on how different climate risks are interconnected .
Europe , North America at risk
One paper whose lead author is Franziska Piontek of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research explores impacts related to `` water , agriculture , ecosystems , and malaria at different levels of global warming . '' The study concludes that :
`` ... uncertainty arising from the impact models is considerable , and larger than that from the climate models . In a low probability-high impact worst-case assessment , almost the whole inhabited world is at risk for multisectoral pressures . ''
The uncertainties in the model are large enough that they may `` mask '' the risk of a `` worst case '' scenario of `` multisectoral hotspots , '' where impacts affecting `` water , agriculture , ecosystems , and health '' overlap in ways that could affect `` all the world 's inhabited areas . ''
In the worst-case analysis , `` Almost the entire global population is exposed to multisectoral pressure '' at global mean temperatures of around 4C higher , with `` roughly 18 % of the global population '' projected to `` experience severe pressure in all four sectors . The affected regions are in Europe , North America , and south-east Asia . ''
How likely is this scenario ? The study points out that :
`` This worst case is rather extreme , but nonetheless it represents the upper end of the risk spectrum in light of the large uncertainties . ''
Robust policy decisions to aid mitigation and adaptation strategies therefore require further research to understand `` how impacts in different sectors overlap , as overlapping impacts increase exposure , lead to interactions of impacts , and are likely to raise adaptation pressure . ''
Chronic water scarcity
Other papers point to significant risks that are much more likely on a business-as-usual emissions trajectory .
A study led by Jacob Schewe of Potsdam finds that `` the combination of unmitigated climate change and further population growth will expose a significant fraction of the world population '' to `` chronic or absolute water scarcity . ''
About 2.7C above preindustrial temperatures :
`` ... will confront an additional approximate 15 % of the global population with a severe decrease in water resources and will increase the number of people living under absolute water scarcity ( < 500m3 per capita per year ) by another 40 % ( according to some models , more than 100 % ) compared with the effect of population growth alone . ''
The Mediterranean , the Middle East , the southern United States and southern China , for example , could see a `` pronounced decrease of available water , '' while southern India , western China , and parts of eastern Africa could see an increase .
The study results represent the multiple-model average of 11 hydrological models produced by five different climate models . While some areas like southern India , western China and eastern Africa could see an increase of available water , others like the Mediterranean , the Middle East , the southern United States and southern China , would see a `` pronounced decrease of available water '' without curbs in greenhouse gas emissions .
Agricultural collapse
Water scarcity in turn will have a dramatic impact on agriculture . Another study in the PNAS collection combining climate , agricultural and hydrological models warns that freshwater shortages could double climate change 's debilitation of global food crop yields .
Current agricultural models estimate that climate change will directly reduce food production from maize , soybeans , wheat and rice by as much as 43 percent by the end of the 21st century , encompassing a loss of between 400 and 2600 petacalories of food supply . But incorporating hydrological models reveals that when accounting for the decline of freshwater availability , there would be an additional loss of 600 to 2900 petacalories - potentially wiping out quantities equivalent to the total present-day food supply .
Such devastating potential losses could , however , be ameliorated by more efficient use of available surplus freshwater . The paper recommends `` increases in irrigation capacity and efficiency '' to be complemented by `` efforts to increase water use efficiency and soil conservation in rainfed systems as well , which have a demonstrated capacity to boost crop yields without further exploiting freshwater resources in rivers and aquifers . ''
Other findings of the range of studies show that increases in river flooding are expected in more than half of the areas investigated , and that the frequency of drought may increase by more than 20 % in some regions .
Potsdam director Prof Hans Joachim Schellnhuber , who co-authored several papers in the PNAS special feature , said :
`` There is an elephant in the room : current and future climate change impacts . But strangely , many people seem to be blind to it . Many decision makers prefer to turn a blind eye to global warming consequences , while many scientists tend to focus on very specific aspects of climate change . So we resemble the fabled blind men , who unknowingly touch different parts of the same elephant : grasping the animal 's trunk , one of the men is convinced he has a snake in his hand , whilst one other mistakes the tail for a rope . To recognize the animal , they must talk to each other to properly identify the individual parts and to bring them together . This is exactly what this international project does . ''
Dr Nafeez Ahmed is a executive director of the Institute for Policy Research & Development and author of A User 's Guide to the Crisis of Civilisation : And How to Save It among other books . Follow him on Twitter @ nafeezahmed
