Monika Borzym ( ; born March 3 , 1990 ) is a Polish jazz singer who studied at Los Angeles Music Academy . Her debut album Girl Talk , released in 2011 was certified platinum in Poland .
History
Early life and education ( 1998–2008 )
Monika Borzym began her musical education in 1998 , when she started attending music school in Warsaw and playing the piano . From August 2005 to June 2006 , she was living in the U.S. , where she attended John Hersey High School in Arlington Heights , Illinois and started learning jazz improvisation from Gail Bisesi in Chicago .
After her return to Poland , she continued her education in Fryderyk Chopin Public Secondary School of Music in Warsaw in the class of Jazz Vocal ( also attended by another Polish jazz vocalist , Aga Zaryan , several years earlier ) . In 2008 , Borzym received a scholarship to study at University of Miami Frost School of Music , where she studied in classes of jazz musicians , such as Lisanne Lyons , Dante Luciani , Chuck Bergeron , Larry Lapin and Greg Gisbert .
Break-through , Girl Talk and My Place ( 2009–present )
During the 2009 edition of the Jazz Jamboree festival , she was the only Polish artist and the only female artist invited by Michał Urbaniak to perform in the Congress Hall in Palace of Culture and Science .
In 2010 , Borzym signed a contract with Sony Music Poland . Her debut album Girl Talk , recorded in the U.S. and produced by Matt Pierson , was released on 3 October 2011 . It contained fresh interpretations ( arranged by Gil Goldstein ) of songs originally recorded by female jazz , soul and pop artists , such as Joni Mitchell , Björk , Erykah Badu and Amy Winehouse , among others . The album has received critical acclaim and was certified Platinum in Poland .
On 15 October 2013 , Borzym released her sophomore album , My Place , consisting of original material and three covers .
Personal life
In 2010 , Borzym married Makary Janowski , son of Polish singer and TV presenter Robert Janowski ; the couple used to live in Los Angeles . They divorced after five years of marriage .
In 2019 , Borzym had her first child with her partner , Polish musician Michał Bryndal .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Date of birth missing ( living people )
University of Miami Frost School of Music alumni
Polish jazz singers
English-language singers from Poland
21st-century Polish singers
21st-century Polish women singers
Polish expatriates in the United States
The Calais Residential Historic District encompasses the town 's best collection of well-preserved 19th-century residences in Calais , Maine . Located on Calais Street and Main Street , the district includes twenty properties developed between the early 19th century and 1900 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .
Description and history
The town of Calais , Maine is located in Down East Maine , just across the Saint Croix River from Saint Stephen , New Brunswick . The 19th century was a period of significant growth and development as a lumber processing center , with shipbuilding also an important industry in the first half of the century . Main Street was laid out running roughly northwest-to-southeast along the river bank , and Calais Street developed as a residential street running southwest from Main Street . Calais Street is notable for its wide grassy median , and it was at the junction of the two streets that the first Congregational Church was built in 1826 . ( It was later moved , and the 1873 building that replaced it is now a community center .
The historic district includes three blocks on the south side of Main Street east of Calais Street , and two blocks on both sides of Calais Street . The oldest house in the district , dating to the Federal period , is the Holmes Cottage . Built sometime before 1831 , it is a modest 1-1/2 story cottage with a long history of association with Calais ' doctors . Now owned by the local historical society , it stands on Main Street next to the 1850 Dr. Job Holmes House , one of the town 's finest Italianate houses . The Greek Revival is the most common architectural style found in the district , and there are only three houses built after 1880 . There are two church buildings in the district , including the 1833 United Methodist Church , the oldest religious building in the town . The only ( formerly ) commercial structure in the district is a small 1835 hotel , the first brick hotel building to be built east of Bangor .
See also
Calais Historic District , encompassing commercial properties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County , Maine
References
Greek Revival architecture in Maine
Italianate architecture in Maine
Queen Anne architecture in Maine
Buildings and structures completed in 1830
Buildings and structures in Calais , Maine
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County , Maine
Fereej Al Amir ( ) is a district in Qatar , located in the municipality of Al Rayyan .
In the 2015 census , it was listed as a district of zone no . 54 which has a population of 24,593 and also includes Baaya , Muraikh , Luaib , Fereej Al Soudan , and Mehairja .
It borders Luaib to the west , Fereej Al Soudan and Mehairja to the south , Al Sadd in Doha to the east , and Old Al Rayyan to the north .
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
A Chronon is a proposed quantum of time , that is , a discrete and indivisible `` unit '' of time as part of a hypothesis that proposes that time is not continuous .
In simple language , A Chronon is the smallest , discrete , non-decomposable unit of time in a temporal data model . In a one-dimensional model , a chronon is a time interval or period , while in an n -dimensional model it is a non-decomposable region in n - dimensional time . Important special types of chronons include valid - time , transaction - time , and bitemporal chronons . It is not easy to see how it could possibly be recast so as to postulate only a discrete space-time ( or even a merely dense one ) . For a set of instants to be dense , there must be an instant between any two instants . For it to be a continuum , however , something more is required—viz. , that every set of instants earlier ( later ) than any given one should have an upper ( lower ) bound . It is continuity that enables modern mathematics to surmount the paradox of extension framed by the Pre-Socratic Eleatic Zeno—a paradox comprising the question of how a finite interval can be made up of dimensionless points or instants .
Early work
While time is a continuous quantity in both standard quantum mechanics and general relativity , many physicists have suggested that a discrete model of time might work , especially when considering the combination of quantum mechanics with general relativity to produce a theory of quantum gravity .
The term was introduced in this sense by Robert Lévi in 1927 . A quantum theory in which time is a quantum variable with a discrete spectrum , and which is nevertheless consistent with special relativity ,
was proposed by Chen Ning Yang in 1947 . Henry Margenau in 1950 suggested that the chronon might be the time for light to travel the classical radius of an electron .
Work by Caldirola
A prominent model was introduced by Piero Caldirola in 1980 . In Caldirola 's model , one chronon corresponds to about 6.27 seconds for an electron . This is much longer than the Planck time , which is only about 5.39 seconds . The Planck time is a theoretical lower-bound on the length of time that could exist between two connected events , but it is not a quantization of time itself since there is no requirement that the time between two events be separated by a discrete number of Planck times . For example , ordered pairs of events ( A , B ) and ( B , C ) could each be separated by slightly more than 1 Planck time : this would produce a measurement limit of 1 Planck time between A and B or B and C , but a limit of 3 Planck times between A and C. Additionally , the Planck time is a universal quantization of time itself , whereas the chronon is a quantization of the evolution in a system along its world line . Consequently , the value of the chronon , like other quantized observables in quantum mechanics , is a function of the system under consideration , particularly its boundary conditions . The value for the chronon , θ0 , is calculated as
From this formula , it can be seen that the nature of the moving particle being considered must be specified , since the value of the chronon depends on the particle 's charge and mass .
Caldirola claims that the chronon has important implications for quantum mechanics , in particular that it allows for a clear answer to the question of whether a free-falling charged particle does or does not emit radiation . This model supposedly avoids the difficulties met by Abraham–Lorentz 's and Dirac 's approaches to the problem and provides a natural explication of quantum decoherence .
See also
Elementary particle
Gravastar
Tachyon
List of particles
Particle physics
Theoretical physics
Notes
References
External links
Quantum gravity
Units of time
Bandes d'ordonnance ( French ) or Benden van ordonnantie ( Dutch ) were elite heavy cavalry formations recruited from the aristocracy in the early-modern Low Countries . They were originally formed by Charles the Bold , Duke of Burgundy , and became an integral part of the military organization of the Low Countries from the mid-fifteenth to late-sixteenth centuries , up to the first years of the Eighty Years ' War . They continued to exist into the seventeenth century with far less military importance , although a command in a Bande d'ordonnance was still a considerable social distinction .
References
Baron Guillaume , Histoire des Bandes d'Ordonnance des Pays-Bas ( Brussels , Académie royale de Belgique , 1873 )
D. J . B . Trim , `` Army , Society and Military Professionalism in the Netherlands '' , in The Chivalric Ethos and the Development of Military Professionalism , 2003 , pp . 279-280 .
H.F.K . van Nierop , The Nobility of Holland , 1993 , p. 160 .
Fernando González de León , The Road to Rocroi , 2009 , pp . 23-24 .
External links
The New York Public Library Vinkhuijzen Collection of Military Costume Illustration contains the following images :
Bande d'ordonnance of Charles the Bold , 1473 .
Bande d'ordonnance of Charles V , 1543 .
Lancers of the bandes d'ordonnance , 1572
Man at arms of the bandes d'ordonnance , 1608 .
Military units and formations of the Early Modern period
Cavalry units and formations
Eighty Years ' War
Warrane College UNSW is an affiliated residential college at the University of New South Wales , Australia . The name of the College is derived from the Aboriginal word for the Sydney Cove area , `` Warrang '' , highlighting the recognition by Warrane and UNSW of Australia 's indigenous people as original inhabitants of land on which they are located . In 2021 , Warrane celebrated 50 years since its official opening .
History
The prehistory of Warrane can be traced to the 1950s , when the Catholic archbishop of Sydney , Sir Norman Thomas Gilroy , first came into contact with members of Opus Dei and a sample of their educational initiatives in Europe . Around that time , the Archdiocese had the desire to establish a Residential College at UNSW under Catholic auspices . Opus Dei , an institution of the Catholic Church , provided the opportunity for this desire to become a reality and was invited to operate the college . Education Development Association ( EDA ) , a not-for-profit company and a registered charity , was set up to represent Warrane College and future initiatives of similar nature . Pastoral care is entrusted to Opus Dei .
Warrane began operating at its present site in 1971 in an eight-storey building on Anzac Parade , Kensington , in the south-western corner of the UNSW campus . Warrane was officially opened by Sir Roden Cutler . Its five residential floors each provide accommodation for groups of 25 residents , two of whom are residential tutors . Since 2008 all bedrooms and bathrooms as well as dining and kitchen facilities , common areas and offices have been renovated .
The College has had four Masters since 1971 .
Senior staff members live in the College and oversee the pastoral care of residents . Two residential tutors live on each residential floor . Tutors are mentors to the students , providing academic and personal support . Several academic tutors and residential fellows live in College . They are distinguished academic staff or students of UNSW who conduct the academic program of the College , including formal tutorials and consultation times for different university subjects .
And yes , because old traditions die hard , Warrane remains the proud owner of UNSW 's ( if not Sydney 's ) last $ 1 Coke machine .
Student life
The majority of students are undergraduate , with about a third in first year . While residents are from all university faculties , a large proportion belong to the faculties of Engineering , Medicine and to the Australian School of Business . There are normally several residents undertaking higher degree programs at UNSW such as Masters and Doctoral programs and younger students benefit from their experience .
One of the main features of college life is the weekly formal dinner , which normally features guest speakers , including politicians , sportsmen , academics and business leaders . The college hosts several faculty nights during the year with guest speakers in specific fields talking to residents about career options and the `` big picture '' of their profession .
Sport
Warrane fields teams for all sports of the UNSW Inter-College sports shield . The competition is staged over the three terms and includes a number of major sports , such as Soccer , Basketball , Hockey and Tennis . The competition also includes several carnival days for various sports , including volleyball , cross country , touch football and cricket . The College has won the Inter College Sport Shield several times and are the current holders , having won every year since 2012 .
Social life
Warrane 's Activities Committee organises a wide range of social activities . Traditional events include trivia nights , movies , televised sporting events , beach barbecues , ski trips and bushwalks . The annual social calendar includes harbour cruises and wine and cheese nights organised with colleges from UNSW and the University of Sydney . The highlight of the college 's social calendar is the Warrane College Ball , held annually at an upmarket city hotel or function centre .
Cultural activities
Residents recognise the rich cultural diversity represented in the College by celebrating national days such as St Patrick 's Day , Chinese New Year , Anzac Day with special cuisine and entertainment . Each floor competes annually for the Cultural Cup . The current holders of the cup are 3rd floor . The competition includes a scavenger hunt , Band Night , a film festival and Orientation Week activities . Residents also often form a college band and musical performances are a regular feature of birthday celebrations . The Activities Committee organises regular visits to cultural events such as concerts at Sydney Opera House , exhibitions at Art Galleries and museums and intra-College debating nights .
Chapel
The Warrane College Chapel is open each day . Regular activities in the chapel include Mass , the weekly meditation by the College Chaplain and an all-night vigil every month .
Footnotes
Residential colleges of the University of New South Wales
Educational institutions established in 1971
1971 establishments in Australia
Opus Dei universities and colleges
Monkman Falls is a waterfall on Monkman Creek in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia , Canada . It is one of a series of ten waterfalls on Monkman Creek known as `` the Cascades '' . It is named for Alexander Monkman , a fur trader then based in the Peace River Country who discovered Monkman Pass .
See also
List of waterfalls in Canada
Kinuseo Falls
References
Waterfalls of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Peace River Land District
Padmanaban Gopalan ( born 13 April 1993 ) is an Indian social entrepreneur who works in the area of waste management , hunger , urban sanitation and development . He hails from Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , and is an ambassador of the Swaccha Bharat Abhiyaan .
Early life and education
Born in Salem , Tamil Nadu , Padmanaban completed his high school from St. John 's matriculation in Salem itself and passed his intermediate from Sri Vidhya Mandir Uthangari . He further did his graduation in Bachelor of Production Engineering , Government College of Technology , Coimbatore . During his college days , Padmanaban started a Green Club and worked with other engineers to develop various products like alternative wood using sugarcane molasses and coconut shells ; and mobile chargers using renewable sources of energy like solar and wind .
Key initiatives
No Food Waste : A tech based volunteer driven platform that recovers excess food and delivers it to the people in need .
Toilet First : A toilet construction-a-thon project with Municipality Corporation , Private companies and civil engineering students .
No Dumping : A project dedicated to collect segregated waste to be processed at a corporate premise . Also an app to measure the waste being generated in the city .
Awards and recognition
International Visionary Award for 2015 from the Pollination Project of California
Limca Book of Awards for the paperless event - a symposium in college
Chief Minister State Youth Award 2017
TEDx Coimbatore 2017
Commonwealth Youth Award Winner 2019
Participant of UN Science , Technology and Innovation Forum
National Youth Award for the year 2016-17 ( 2019 )
TEDx SRMKattankulathur 2019
References
External links
People from Coimbatore
1993 births
Living people
Indian activists
Charles Campora was a Monegasque biologist and businessman . He was the president of AS Monaco FC , the national football club of Monaco , in 1954-55 and 1957-59 .
Personal life
Campora married Gilberte Médecin . They had twins : a son , Jean-Louis Campora , and a daughter , Anne-Marie Campora .
References
Monegasque businesspeople
AS Monaco FC managers
Monegasque football managers
The 1925 VPI Gobblers football team was an American football team that represented Virginia Polytechnic Institute as a member of the Southern Conference during the 1925 season . In its fifth season under head coach B. C. Cubbage , VPI compiled a 5–3–2 record ( 3–3–1 against conference opponents ) , finished in tenth place in the Southern Conference , and was outscored by a total of 52 to 39 . The team played its home games at Miles Field in Blacksburg , Virginia .
Schedule
Players
The following players were members of the 1925 football team according to the roster published in the 1926 edition of The Bugle , the Virginia Tech yearbook .
References
VPI
Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons
VPI Gobblers football
Tomas Maier ( born 1957 ) is a German-born designer . From 2001 to 2018 , he served as Creative Director at the Italian brand Bottega Veneta .
Early life and training
Born in April 1957 in Pforzheim , West Germany , Maier was raised in a family of architects and attended a Waldorf school as a child . From there he headed to Paris , where he trained at the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture .
Career
Maier 's early professional experience includes designing for several fashion and luxury goods houses in France , Italy , and Germany , including Guy Laroche , Sonia Rykiel , where he designed menswear for eight years , and Revillon , where he spent four years as creative director . For nine years , Maier was a women 's ready-to-wear designer at Hermès , where he also designed leather goods and accessories . By 1999 , he quit his contracts and moved to Florida .
Bottega Veneta , 2001–2018
Maier was appointed by Tom Ford to become the Creative Director at Bottega Veneta in June 2001 , when the company was acquired by the Gucci Group ( which merged with PPR in 2008 and became Kering in 2013 ) .
During his time at Bottega Veneta , Maier presided over an expansion of the brand . He presented his first collection , which consisted solely of accessories , in September 2001 , a few months after being hired .
In the first two years , he oversaw the opening of Bottega Veneta flagship stores in London , Paris , Milan , and New York . He also added a small selection of women 's and men 's ready-to-wear pieces to the seasonal presentations . Among the product categories that Bottega Veneta now offers , in addition to women 's and men 's ready-to-wear collections , are accessories , jewellery , furniture , seating , tabletop , desktop , luggage , porcelain , eyewear , fragrance and watches . Maier helped found an artisan school , La Scuola della Pelleteria , in Vicenza in 2006 . In addition , St. Regis Hotels in Rome and Florence as well as Park Hyatt Hotel in Chicago offer Bottega Veneta suites .
In 2014 , Maier and Bottega Veneta partnered with the Japanese publication Casa BRUTUS and launched an initiative to raise awareness of the potential destruction of Modernist buildings in Japan due to economics , politics , and the preparation for the 2020 Summer Olympics .
Under Maier 's leadership , Bottega Veneta tripled its revenues and exceeded $ 1 billion for the first time in 2012 before revenues fluctuated in the following years . By 2017 , Saint Laurent overtook Bottega Veneta as Kering 's second-biggest source of revenue ; Kering announced Maier 's resignation on 13 June 2018 .
Tomas Maier
Tomas Maier established a swimwear label in 1997 with business partner Andrew Preston , and an online boutique was launched in 1998 . Since then , five eponymous stores have opened in Palm Beach , Bal Harbour , East Hampton , and New York City . The collection is sold at over 100 stores in more than 30 countries . On 19 November 2013 , Kering announced it was investing in Tomas Maier 's own label to `` infuse it with the capital needed to ramp up expansion , including the addition of more company-owned boutiques '' . , the private label generated about $ 10 million annually from swimwear , knitwear , and jersey .
In 2018 , Tomas Maier teamed up with Japanese casual wear retailer Uniqlo for a one-time-only resort-focused collection . The Tomas Maier brand was shut down in 2018 , definitely ending the cooperation between the designer and Kering .
References
1957 births
German fashion designers
Gucci people
High fashion brands
Living people
Waldorf school alumni
Ryan Robbins ( born 7 April 1988 ) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis footballer who plays for side Corby Town , where he plays as a forward .
Playing career
Corby Town
On 20 November 2019 , Robbins returned to Corby Town from Leicester Nirvana . Ryan had previously spent time on loan at Corby Town for three months in 2016 , whilst on loan from Boston United .
International career
International goals
|-
| 1 . || 26 March 2015 || TCIFA National Academy , Providenciales || || || || 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification ||
| }
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Citizens of Saint Kitts and Nevis through descent
Saint Kitts and Nevis footballers
Association football forwards
Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballers
English footballers
Coalville Town F.C . players
Barwell F.C . players
King 's Lynn Town F.C . players
Stamford A.F.C . players
Boston United F.C . players
Corby Town F.C . players
Gresley F.C . players
AFC Rushden & Diamonds players
Loughborough Dynamo F.C . players
Leicester Nirvana F.C . players
English sportspeople of Saint Kitts and Nevis descent
The black-backed bush tanager ( Urothraupis stolzmanni ) , also known as the black-backed bush-finch , is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae . It is the only member in the genus Urothraupis . It is found in Colombia and Ecuador . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Taxonomy
The black-backed bush tanager was formally described in 1885 by Władysław Taczanowski and Hans von Berlepsch from specimens collected by the Polish zoologist Jan Sztolcman ( sometimes written Jean Stolzmann ) on the eastern slopes of the Tungurahua Volcano in central Ecuador . The ornithologists introduced the monospecific genus Urothraupis and coined the binomial name Urothraupis stolzmanni . The genus name combines the Ancient Greek oura meaning `` tail '' with thraupis , an unidentified small bird , used by ornithologist for tanagers . The specific epithet honors the collector Sztolcman/Stolzmann . A 2014 molecular phylogenetic study of the tanager family Thraupidae found that the black-backed bush tanager is a member of the subfamily Poospizinae and has a sister relationship to the pardusco in the monospecific genus Nephelornis . The black-backed bush tanager is monotypic : no subspecies are recognised .
References
External links
Xeno-canto : audio recordings of the black-backed bush tanager
black-backed bush tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
black-backed bush tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gerard Laws ( born November 16 , 1989 ) is an Australian professional Canadian football placekicker and punter ( football ) who is currently a free agent .
Biography
Gerard Laws was born on November 16 , 1989 , in Australia . He is a product of Prokick Australia which has produced many NCAA Division 1 punters and some have moved on to the National Football League and Canadian Football League . In 2015 , he played for the California Sharks in the AAA Professional Football League and from 2016-19 , he played for the Sydney Uni Lions . In April 2021 , he signed his first contract with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was released on July 19 , 2021 .
References
External links
Media Day July 13 , 2021
1989 births
Living people
Canadian football placekickers
Canadian football punters
Australian players of Canadian football
The Metrotrén ( Spanish compound for metro , 'subway ' + tren , 'train ' ) was a Chilean commuter rail and regional rail service operated by the state-owned rail company EFE . The system started as a 134-kilometre line between Santiago and San Fernando , unifying between them the city of Rancagua and other 23 towns in the Metropolitan and O'Higgins regions . This line was first connected with the Santiago Metro at Alameda station , which gave the name to the service .
In 2017 , after 5 years of renovation , the service was split into two , a fully renovated , 20-kilometre commuter service between Santiago and Nos , a neighborhood in San Bernardo , in the south of the city , and an 82-kilometre regional rail between Santiago and Rancagua . This caused the suppression of all Metrotren services to San Fernando , a second connection with the Santiago Metro at Lo Valledor station , and the integration of the Santiago-Nos service to the Metropolitan Movility Network , introducing the railway services into the Santiago 's integrated public transport fares .
The integration was responsible for a heavy impulse in annual ridership , and a crescent demand from the public for more rail services . Since 2019 , the government has announced the construction of two brand-new commuter lines from Santiago , with services to Melipilla , in the south-west , and the recovery and restoration of the line to Batuco , in the north . Both of them will be partially integrated to the city 's public transport fare .
In 2021 , EFE decided to eliminate the brand Metrotren , and establish the services as separate brands , still fully operated by the company .
History
Pre-Metrotren era ( 1965-1979 )
The first precedents of a commuter rail service in Chile are from 1965 , during the administration of Eduardo Frei Montalva , in which it was implemented a service called `` Trenes populares '' ( People 's trains ) , which circulated from Alameda towards Lo Espejo and San Bernardo in the south , and Mapocho in the north . The stations were n't established as such , and it had more resemblance to a bus stop . The services were eliminated in 1979 by the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet , because of low profitability and the economical and administrative reformulation process that the state was having during those years .
First era ( 1990-2017 )
After the fall of the military dictatorship , and with the return of democratic rule in 1990 , pollution in Santiago became a health priority issue for the new authorities . In May 24 , regional authorities declared a 4-digit no-drive days . In order to avoid collapse in the public transport , the government decided to create an improvised commuter rail service to connect Santiago with Talagante in the west , and Rancagua in the south . The service was a success and it was decided to test the capabilities during the following week .
Given the success of the service between Santiago and Rancagua , it was formally established in October 25 , suspending all services to Talagante because of low demand . One year later , on May 11 , 1991 , a service to Til Til and Batuco , both towns in the north of Santiago , was created using the old line between Santiago and Valparaíso , yet the service was also suspended because of low demand . The rolling stock consisted in three reconditioned AEL ( Automotor Eléctrico Local , Local Electrical Motorcar ) made by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Hitachi , and exported by Nissho Iwai in 1973 , in order to serve the lines between Santiago and Valparaíso , and between Santiago and Talca .
In 1997 , the Chilean government reached an agreement with RENFE , in order to buy 16 UT-440 trains . The purchase was completed in 2001 , with 4 of the units destined to the Valparaíso Metro , and the remaining 12 to the Metrotren line . On December 28 , 2000 , the service was extended from Rancagua to San Fernando , and on June 27 , 2002 , a new station was added near the Buin Zoo .
In 2006 , given the crisis inside EFE after a corruption scandal that led the company to almost bankruptcy , it was decided to empower the most profitable services in order the national rail system . The Metrotren line received a complete renovation in communications , electrification , signaling and station infrastructure , as well as the rolling stock was painted orange in order to facilitate the use in other EFE services like Biotren . In 2009 , the services were again changed in painting and seat configuration .
During that year , the first administration of Michelle Bachelet left planned an express service to Rancagua , in order to reduce travel time to 55 minutes . The project was taken by the first administration of Sebastián Piñera in their public transport master plan towards 2025 , and it was decided to add another express service to Nos , integrating the commuter rail services with the public transport of Santiago , facilitating the transfer to and from buses and Metro system with the integrated fare that existed within the latter two since 2007 .
Second era ( 2017-2021 )
In 2016 , after 4 years of construction , the service between Santiago and Nos was completed . The project added two , brand-new lines for exclusive use of the service , renovations in electrification , infrastructure , and rolling stock , with the tunneling of every level crossing and station mezzanines , and the purchase of new X'Trapolis Modular trains , based in the Civia train , to Alstom . The services reduced the time of travel to Nos to less than 40 minutes . In 2017 , the service formally started and it was definitely integrated to the Santiago public transport system .
During this time , it was decided to scrap the plans for an express service to Rancagua because of the costs of the new rolling stock , and the service restarted in 2017 as it was before the renovations . Also , given the low profitability of services to San Fernando and the renovation work , the Metrotren stopped all frequencies to the town in 2013 , letting the station only served by the Santiago-Chillan service with 2 frequencies every day . The local authorities of the towns between Rancagua and San Fernando , and the authorities of San Fernando itself had continuously demanded to the central government to restart services , specially after the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic , which represented a hard hit to the tourism sector of the zone . The government promised the restoration of rail services in the second half of 2021 .
In 2021 , all EFE services , with the sole exception of the Biotren , were rebranded to give generic and separated denomination to the services . This led to the end of the Metrotren brand after almost 31 years . The services are branded now as the Santiago-Rancagua line , and the Santiago-Nos line .
Stations
Estación Alameda , Estación Central
Pedro Aguirre Cerda , Pedro Aguirre Cerda
Estación San Bernardo , San Bernardo
Maestranza , San Bernardo
Nos , San Bernardo
Buin Zoo , Buin
Buin , Buin
Linderos , Buin
Paine , Paine
Hospital , Paine
San Francisco , Mostazal
Graneros , Graneros
Estación Rancagua , Rancagua
Requínoa , Requínoa
Rosario , Rengo
Rengo , Rengo
Pelequén , Malloa
Estación San Fernando , San Fernando
See also
Biotren
List of suburban and commuter rail systems
References
External links
Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado
Metrotrén
Rail transport in Chile
Transport in O'Higgins Region
Transport in Santiago Metropolitan Region
Transport in Santiago
Rapid transit in Chile
5 ft 6 in gauge railways in Chile
Andrew Mitchell ( before 1875—after 1894 ) was a Scottish footballer who played at full back . He played for Airdrieonians , Newton Heath and Burton Swifts in the late 19th century .
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
Andrew Mitchell , united.co
Scottish footballers
Airdrieonians F.C . ( 1878 ) players
Manchester United F.C . players
Burton Swifts F.C . players
Year of birth missing
19th-century births
Year of death missing
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Football Alliance players
Association football fullbacks
Charles Rennie Bowring ( October 7 , 1839 – January 31 , 1890 ) was a merchant and politician born in St. John 's , Newfoundland .
Bowring was born at St. John 's to Charles Tricks Bowring and Harriet Harvey and was the grandson of Benjamin Bowring who had established Bowring Brothers , to be one of the largest steamship companies in Newfoundland . Charles ' father was also a prominent businessman in Newfoundland .
Whilst an infant , his family moved to Liverpool , England , where he was educated and raised as a Unitarian . He was a junior partner of Bowring Brothers in Liverpool until he moved back to Newfoundland to become manager of the operation there .
Bowring Brothers , under Bowring 's direction , became one of the leading firms in the seal and cod fisheries and in the transportation of foodstuff to the coastal communities . In 1876 the company was awarded the Newfoundland government 's mail contract . These operations had taken them to a fleet of vessels numbering 57 sailing and steam vessels . Among all of its other ventures they also acted as the Newfoundland agent for some shipping and insurance companies , including Lloyd 's of London from 1866 . In 1884 the firm established the Red Cross Line , a passenger and freight service .
Around 1869 , he married Laura , the daughter of John Henry Warren .
In 1873 , Bowring had been elected as a Conservative to the House of Assembly for the district of Bonavista Bay , and was re-elected the next year following the defeat of the anti-confederate government led by Charles Fox Bennett . In 1886 , Bowring was appointed to the Legislative Council by Prime Minister Robert Thorburn . He consistently opposed the incorporation of the city of St. John 's when it came before the council and in 1886 he refused to support a bill to provide a sewage system for the city proposed by the government .
Bowring was a director of the Commercial Bank in St. John 's , a member of the St. John 's Chamber of Commerce , chairman of the St. John 's Gas Light Company , and one of the largest shareholders in the Atlantic Hotel and a prominent member and president of the Athenaeum Society . He was also actively involved in the completion of the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist , a project undertaken in 1880 .
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1840 births
1890 deaths
People from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
Newfoundland Colony people
Members of the Legislative Council of Newfoundland
Pre-Confederation Canadian businesspeople
Canadian merchants
Bowring Brothers
The canton of Montluçon-Nord-Est is a former administrative division in central France . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It had 11,228 inhabitants ( 2012 ) .
The canton comprised the following communes :
Montluçon ( partly )
Saint-Victor
Vaux
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
The 2010 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council in Cumbria , England . One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control .
After the election , the composition of the council was
Labour 16
Conservative 13
Independent 5
Socialist People 's Party 2
Background
The 2010 election was the last where only a third of the council was contested . This meant 12 seats were up for election , with only Barrow Island ward not having an election . From the 2011 election Barrow-in-Furness moved to having full council elections every 4 years .
Before the election the Conservative party had 16 councillors , compared to 8 for Labour , 7 independents , 4 Socialist People 's Party and 1 Liberal Democrat . However , in the lead up to election independent councillor John Millar joined the Conservatives and defended Dalton South as a Conservative in the election .
The Conservatives hoped to win a majority on the council , defending their record as the council administration by pointing to a list of achievements and saying they had kept council tax levels low . However Labour were only defending 2 seats and attacked the Conservative record , while calling for more council apprenticeships and the return of a scheme of lower bus fares for pensioners .
Election result
The results saw Labour gain 8 seats to double the number of councillors the party held on the council to 16 . The gains came at the expense of all the other groups on the council , with only the Conservatives holding 2 seats in Hawcoat and Roosecote .
Following the election the Conservative leader of the council , Jack Richardson , was re-elected and Conservative Rory McClure became mayor . This came after all 5 independents backed the Conservatives in the vote and the 2 Socialist Peoples Party councillors abstained .
Ward results
References
2010 English local elections
May 2010 events in the United Kingdom
Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council elections
2010s in Cumbria
BAP Independencia was a broadside ironclad built in England for the Peruvian Navy during the mid-1860s . During the War of the Pacific of 1879–83 , Independencia ran aground while pursuing the Chilean schooner Covadonga during the Battle of Punta Gruesa on 21 May 1879 . The survivors were rescued by Huáscar and the wreck destroyed to prevent its capture .
Description
Independencia was long between perpendiculars , had a beam of and a draft of . The ship displaced . She had one trunk steam engine that drove her single propeller . The engine produced which gave the ship a speed of . For long-distance travel , Independencia was fitted with three masts and barque rigged . She had a crew of 250 officers and crewmen .
The ship was armed with four Armstrong , twelve and four 30-pounder rifled , muzzle-loading guns . The 7-inch guns were on pivot mountings on the spar deck . She was a central-battery ironclad with the armament concentrated amidships . Independencia was equipped with a ram at her bow and her hull was divided into three watertight compartments . The ship had a complete waterline armor belt thick . Her battery was protected by armor plates equally thick .
Construction and career
Independencia was built by Samuda Brothers at their shipyard in Poplar , London . She was laid down in 1864 and launched on 8 August 1865 and completed in December 1866 . She had her boilers replaced in 1878 . In February 1879 , her armament was reinforced by a rifled , muzzle-loading pivot gun in the bow and a 150-pounder Parrott gun in the stern , also on a pivoting mount .
On 21 May , she was in pursuit of Covadonga after the Battle of Iquique and attempted to ram the Chilean ship as Independencia had only hit her opponent once thus far . The smaller Covadonga was hugging the coastline trying to scape , the persecutor just hit a bottom rock , Independencia ran aground because an uncharted marine rock at bottom of the coastal sea . Covadonga turned around and came up aft of Independencias stern and start opening fire over the sunkening ship , killing indefense tripulants swimming , until Huáscar drove off the Chilean ship . Independencias casualties were four dead and eleven wounded ; the ship was a total loss and only two 7-inch guns could be salvaged . Huáscar loaded Independencias crew aboard and blew up the wreck and set it on fire to prevent her capture .
Notes
References
1866 ships
Ships of the War of the Pacific
Frigates of the Peruvian Navy
Steam frigates
Shipwrecks of the War of the Pacific
Shipwrecks of Chile
Maritime incidents in May 1879
Ships built in England
Fort Worth is a 1951 American Western film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Randolph Scott . It is Marin 's final directing work , as he died two months before the release .
Plot
Former gunfighter Ned Britt sets up shop in Fort Worth , Texas , as a newspaper man . He falls in love with Flora Talbot , who is the fiancée of a former friend , Blair Lunsford . Britt tries to expose the crooked cattle baron Gabe Clevinger in his newspaper . Clevinger resorts to violence in order to prevent the arrival of the railroad at Fort Worth . Britt has to rethink his journalistic methods to stop him and resorts to violence himself .
Cast
Randolph Scott as Ned Britt
David Brian as Blair Lunsford
Phyllis Thaxter as Flora Talbot
Helena Carter as Amy Brooks
Dickie Jones as Luther Wicks
Ray Teal as Gabe Clevinger
Michael Tolan as Mort Springer
Emerson Treacy as Ben Garvin
Bob Steele as Shorty
Walter Sande as Deputy Waller
Chubby Johnson as Sheriff
Jack Mower as Railroad Backer ( uncredited )
Production
Filming started December 1950 .
Reception
Box office
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $ 1,735,000 domestically and $ 607,000 foreign .
References
External links
Fort Worth at TCMDB
1951 films
Warner Bros. films
1951 Western ( genre ) films
Films directed by Edwin L. Marin
American Western ( genre ) films
Films scored by David Buttolph
1950s English-language films
Films set in Fort Worth , Texas
1950s American films
The Golden Blade is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Nathan Juran and starring Rock Hudson as Harun Al-Rashid and Piper Laurie as Princess Khairuzan . It is set in ancient Bagdad and borrows from the Arabic fairy tales of One Thousand and One Nights as well as the myth of King Arthur and the Sword in the Stone .
Plot
The movie opens with a raging desert battle between the cities of Basra and Baghdad , during which Basran , the father of Harun , is fatally wounded . Before he dies , he gives his son a medallion he has pulled from his killer 's neck , and urges him to somehow end the senseless killings .
Harun rides to Baghdad , where he meets shopkeeper Barcus . He manages to strike a deal in which , for 10 dinars , he can pick any item in Barcus ' shop . Under a pile of rags , he finds a magical golden sword that allows him to cut through solid metal . Barcus discovers that the sword will only manifest its powers when Harun wields it and warns him to be careful until they can translate the inscriptions on the blade .
Meanwhile , in the palace , sinister Vizier Jafar urges Badgad 's Caliph to fight Basra , to no avail . The Caliph 's rebellious daughter , princess Khairuzan is soon brought in by her guard , Jafar 's dim-witted son Hadi . Jafar convinces the Caliph that Khairuzan 's headstrong ways may be tamed by marriage to his son , then later plots with Hadi to undermine the Caliph by inciting more battles against Basra . When Khairuzan learns of the arranged marriage , she disguises herself as a boy and scapes the palace , stealing Harun 's horse in the process . She is finally caught by both Hadi and Harun , who begin a fight . Harun wins and discovers he is actually invincible while wielding the golden sword .
Khairuzan claims to be a boy slave and Harun brings her to the city , where they learn from Barcus that the sword 's first inscription promises that whoever unsheathes the sword will gain the throne . Later , Harun , realizing that Khairuzan is a girl , protects her when a guard questions them , and they are both thrown to the dungeon , where they fall in love and kiss . After a minor quarrel , Khairuzan makes herself known to the guards and moves back to her harem . Knowing of the sword 's magical powers , she declares that only the winner of a tournament may claim her hand . She names Harun as her guard , and although he is infuriated to discover she is a princess and he her servant , he later watches admiringly as she is very kind to the poor townspeople .
Meanwhile , Khairuzan 's handmaiden , Bakhamra , informs Hadi about the magic sword , and he and his father steal it by creating a replica and then drugging Harun in order to switch the two . Khairuzan wakes Harun from his stupor and later asks him why he has not yet signed up for the tournament . When she disagrees with his response that he is not aristocratic enough to marry her , he kisses her . He then races to Barcus to proclaim his newfound joy , and refuses to listen when Barcus warns him that the second inscription counsels that the bearer 's true reward will arrive in a grave of stone .
At the tournament , Hadi defeats Harun by cheating . Harun realizes his sword was switched and suspects Khairuzan to be responsible . He breaks into the palace and finds Bakhamra . She has just been jilted by Hadi and so reveals his scheme to Harun . Harun locates Hadi just as he is about to bring his unwilling bride to bed , and fights with him . He is captured by Hadi 's guards and brought before Jafar . Bakhamra and the Caliph overhear the vizier plan to kill them and blame Harun . When the Caliph orders Jafar arrested , the vizier brings out his medallion , which is the same as the one Harun carries , and tries to kill the Caliph with the magic sword , but it slices into a stone pillar and remains stuck there . The guards kill the Caliph and go after Harun and Khairuzan , who escape and fabricate their deaths .
Jafar and Hadi soon discover that they can not pull the sword out of the column and call men in from across Bagdad to attempt to pull it out . While Khairuzan gathers the townspeople around her , Harun and Barcus sneak back into the palace . Harun fights with the guards and is almost captured when Khairuzan rouses the people to storm the palace . He grabs the sword from the stone , causing it to collapse on top of Jafar and Hadi . Khairuzan bestows on Harun the title Al-Rhashid ( the righteous ) . Then they kiss .
Cast
Rock Hudson as Harun al-Rashid
Piper Laurie as Princess Khairuzan
Gene Evans as Captain Hadi
George Macready as Jafar
Kathleen Hughes as Bakhamra
Steven Geray as Barcus
Edgar Barrier as the Caliph
Alice Kelley as Handmaiden
Anita Ekberg as Handmaiden ( uncredited )
Production
The film was supposed to have starred Farley Granger .
References
External links
1953 films
1950s adventure drama films
American adventure drama films
Films set in Baghdad
Films based on One Thousand and One Nights
Films directed by Nathan Juran
Universal Pictures films
Fictional caliphs
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Crip Camp : A Disability Revolution is a 2020 American documentary film directed , written and co-produced by Nicole Newnham and James LeBrecht . Barack and Michelle Obama serve as executive producers under their Higher Ground Productions banner .
Crip Camp had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23 , 2020 , where it won the Audience Award . It was released on March 25 , 2020 , by Netflix and received acclaim from critics . It has received an Academy Award nomination for Best Documentary Feature .
Premise
Crip Camp starts in 1971 at Camp Jened , a summer camp in New York described as a `` loose , free-spirited camp designed for teens with disabilities '' . Starring Larry Allison , Judith Heumann , James LeBrecht , Denise Sherer Jacobson , and Stephen Hofmann , the film focuses on those campers who turned themselves into activists for the disability rights movement and follows their fight for accessibility legislation .
Production
The idea to make the film about Camp Jened started `` with an off-hand comment at lunch '' . James LeBrecht had worked with Nicole Newnham for 15 years as a co-director . LeBrecht was born with spina bifida and uses a wheelchair to get around . However , he had never seen a documentary related to his `` life 's work as a disability rights advocate '' . At the end of the lunch meeting , LeBrecht told Newnham , `` You know , I 've always wanted to see this film made about my summer camp '' , and she replied with `` Oh , that 's nice , why ? '' . Newnham told The Guardian , `` then he completely blew my mind '' explaining why he wanted to make this film . Newnham said :
Release
Crip Camp had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23 , 2020 . The film was released on March 25 , 2020 , by Netflix . The film was set to be released in a limited release that same day , but the theatrical release was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Reception
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews , with an average rating of . The website 's critics consensus reads : `` As entertaining as it is inspiring , Crip Camp uses one group 's remarkable story to highlight hope for the future and the power of community . '' Metacritic , which uses a weighted average , assigned the film a score of 86 out of 100 , based on 29 critics , indicating `` universal acclaim '' .
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone wrote , `` this indispensable documentary defines what it means to call a movie 'inspiring ' . '' Justin Chang writing for Los Angeles Times said that `` [ the film ] delivers an appreciably blunt message '' . Benjamin Lee of The Guardian wrote , `` this impactful film shines a light on a forgotten fight for equality '' . Daniel Fienberg of The Hollywood Reporter wrote , `` My only hope is that the confrontational title and the Obama branding do n't scare some viewers away from a story that is truly non-partisan , humane and significant '' . Peter Debruge writing for Variety said , `` [ the film ] proves to be the most educational for those born into a post-ADA world , a world of self-opening doors and accessible bathroom stalls and ramps that take wheelchairs into consideration '' .
Richard Lawson of Vanity Fair wrote , `` The spirit of revolution—righteously angry yet full of bonhomie , demanding but generous in its reach—is alive and well in the film . As , one hopes , it is everywhere else '' . Carlos Ríos Espinosa of Human Rights Watch wrote , `` The film made me realize the importance of building spaces for people with disabilities to organize '' . Katie Rife of The A.V . Club wrote , `` [ the film ] will serve as an enlightening look at how much has changed in the past 50 years '' . Jake Coyle writing for The Washington Post wrote , `` [ the film ] has a specific starting point but it unfolds as a broader chronicle of a decades-long fight for civil rights—one that has received less attention than other 20th century struggles for equity '' .
Awards and nominations
See also
2020 in film
Crip ( disability term )
List of original films distributed by Netflix
References
External links
Official trailer
, full official feature posted by Netflix
2020 films
2020 documentary films
Netflix original documentary films
Higher Ground Productions films
American documentary films
Documentary films about people with disability
Disability in the United States
Disability rights
Sundance Film Festival award winners
Films scored by Bear McCreary
Films set in the 1970s
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
St. Anthony of Padua Parish is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Fairfield , Connecticut , United States , in the Diocese of Bridgeport .
The parish was established in 1927 as a national parish for Polish immigrants , one of a number of Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England , and staffed by Conventual Franciscans . It was one of several ethnic congregations in Fairfield , others including St. Emery 's , serving the Hungarian populace , and Holy Cross , the only Slovene church in New England .
A new parish church designed by Anthony J. DePace of New York was built in 1970 , but as demographics shifted , the parish lost parishioners as well as much of its Polish identity ; its parochial school closed in 1973 .
Fr . John Baran arrived as pastor in 2002 from crosstown Our Lady of the Assumption Church . He ended a number of traditionalist practices and services , and set about improving the parish 's outreach and community activity . As an homage to the Polish heritage , however , the parish picnic , held annually since 1978 , does feature traditional Polish foods such as pierogies and stuffed cabbage .
In December 2018 , Bishop Frank Caggiano appointed Eleanor W. Sauers as Parish Life Coordinator , the first time a lay person had been appointed to head church administration in the diocese . Sauers had previously served as director of religious education , and had written her 2007 Ph.D. dissertation on the transformation of the parish .
References
External links
St. Anthony of Padua - Diocesan information
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Bridgeport
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Christian organizations established in 1927
Roman Catholic churches in Fairfield , Connecticut
Churches in Fairfield County , Connecticut
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1970
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
`` Gone Boy '' is the ninth episode of the twenty-ninth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons , and the 627th episode of the series overall . It aired in the United States on Fox on December 10 , 2017 . The title is a spoof of the novel Gone Girl .
Plot
Sideshow Bob is collecting trash for community service with other men . However , when they finish the work , the Simpson family runs over it with a rental car . After finishing up the rental time and fuel , Homer goes with Bart to play . However , Bart needs to pee and goes in the forest , falling down a manhole . Bart finds himself in a strange bunker , where he finds electronic equipment , which appears to be a military installation . Bart tries to escape , but the ladder gives in . Milhouse finds the entrance , but fails to help him .
The family and the Springfield Police Department as well as Bob and the other detainees start searching the forest for Bart , but Chief Wiggum and his fellow police officers fail as usual . The news states Bart is dead , but Milhouse fails to bring the good news in favor of Lisa 's affection and Bob struggles to accept it . When Bart finds a phone in the bunker , he calls Marge to assure her he is alive .
When Milhouse leaves the house after getting more hugs from Lisa , Bob forces him to bring him to Bart with the family right behind . Bob shoves Milhouse down the manhole and then follows him immediately . Homer and Grampa fail to find them once again while Bob ties them up to a Titan II missile and tries to launch them and kill both . He soon has a change of heart and saves them at the advice of the injured prison therapist , as the missile crashes near the other sculptures as three people laugh at the Norad name . Back in prison , Bob begins his prison therapy , vowing to do good when his life sentences are done .
Many years later , Bob has retired to a secluded lighthouse as a mailman delivers his mail .
Reception
Dennis Perkins of The A.V . Club gave this episode a B+ , stating , `` A coherent narrative throughline—check . Carefully nurtured extended gags—check . Lines that actually made me laugh out loud—a handful of checks . Couple all that with a refreshing lack of atonal jokes that either violate the show 's spirit or pander glibly to pop cultural ephemera , and even a halfway decent repurposed Christmas couch gag , and I found that , by the end of ‘ Gone Boy , ' I 'd had a uniformly good time watching The Simpsons . ''
Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode 3/5 stars , saying , `` The premise promised ... by the title of The Simpsons season 29 , episode 9 , ‘ Gone Boy , ' would have made for a far more original offering from the series . The book and film Gone Girl was about a missing wife , who lived such a duplicitous double life , no one wanted to believe the most obvious suspect , her husband , was indeed the killer , had only she died . Bart Simpson lives a duplicitous life and everyone would believe his mortal nemesis would have had no choice but to kill the boy . Sideshow Bob was indeed spotted near the crime scene , associating with known rakes , of the boy , Bart Simpson , he vowed to kill . Bart , of course , is a master prankster and we would n't have had that much sympathy for him until he turned up again . ''
`` Gone Boy '' scored a 2.3 rating with an 8 share and was watched by 6.06 million people , making it Fox 's highest rated show of the night .
Notes
References
External links
2017 American television episodes
American Christmas television episodes
The Simpsons ( season 29 ) episodes
Television episodes about murder
Television episodes about revenge
The Black Catholic Theological Symposium is a Catholic organization founded in 1978 to promote theological education and research concerning Black Catholics .
History
In 1978 , the first meeting of the Black Catholic Theological Symposium , organized by Thaddeus Posey , O.F.M . and sponsored by the National Black Catholic Clergy Caucus , was held in Baltimore , Maryland . It worked on defining black theology and clarifying its relationship with the black consciousness movement and related understandings of violence and separatism . Including theologians such as Thea Bowman , M. Shawn Copeland , Jamie T. Phelps , and Cyprian Davis , its proceedings were published as Theology : A Portrait in Black .
The second meeting of the Symposium was held in 1979 on the theme of `` Nguba Saba . '' It would not hold another meeting until 1991 , when convened by Sr Jamie T. Phelps , O.P. , but has held meetings annually ever since .
Conveners
Fr Thaddeus Posey , OFM
Sr Jamie T. Phelps , OP
Dr. M. Shawn Copeland
Dr. Kimberly Flint Hamilton
Fr Bryan Massingale
Dr. C. Vanessa White
Dr. Kathleen Dorsey Bellow
Fr Maurice J. Nutt , CSsR
Dr. Kimberly Lymore
See also
Black Catholicism
Black Catholic Movement
Black theology
Bibliography
External links
Black Catholic Theological Symposium
Christian organizations established in 1979
African-American Christianity
Catholic theology and doctrine
Clark County is a rural county in the U.S. state of Idaho ; its county seat and largest city is Dubois . As of the 2020 Census , the county had a population of 790 , making it the least populous county in the state .
History
Establishment of stage coach stops along the route between Salt Lake City and the Montana mining towns were established at Beaver Canyon ( named after Beaver Creek ( Camas Creek ) ) and Dry Creek ( now Dubois ) in 1864 . Originally part of Alturas County , both locations were transferred to Oneida County in 1877 . They became part of Bingham County at its creation in 1885 . Clark County was also the site of the Battle of Camas Creek during the Nez Perce War which occurred at Camas Meadows near Kilgore on August 20 , 1872 . The Utah and Northern Railway reached Beaver Canyon in 1879 . By the 1890 Census , Beaver Canyon had a population of 216 . The settlement relocated to Spencer in 1897 .
The majority of Clark County was transferred to Fremont County when it was created in 1893 with the remaining territory being transferred in 1896 . By the 1900 Census , 1,199 residents lived in the five precincts of Birch Creek , Dubois , Kilgore , Medicine Lodge , and Spencer . At the 1910 census , the precincts contained 1,095 residents .
Dry Creek was renamed Dubois in 1892 and incorporated prior to 1920 while Spencer was incorporated in 1947 .
The county was established in 1919 , partitioned from Fremont County by the state legislature ; the county division bill was signed by Governor D. W. Davis on February 1 . It was named for state senator Sam K. Clark , an early pioneer on Medicine Lodge Creek in the upper Snake River valley .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
The northern border of the county is the Bitterroot Range of the Rocky Mountains , which forms the state line with Montana and is also the continental divide . It is crossed by Interstate 15 over Monida Pass at above sea level . Monida Pass also marks an east–west divide between Bitterroot subranges : the Beaverhead Mountains are to the west and the Centennial Mountains are to the east .
Adjacent counties
Lemhi County – west
Butte County – southwest
Jefferson County – south
Fremont County – east
Beaverhead County , Montana – north
Major highways
Interstate 15 – Monida Pass
SH-22
National protected areas
Caribou-Targhee National Forest ( part )
Nez Perce National Historical Park ( part )
Salmon-Challis National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,022 people , 340 households , and 257 families living in the county . The population density was 1 person per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . There were 521 housing units at an average density of 0 per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 74.17 % White , 0.10 % Black or African American , 0.98 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.10 % Pacific Islander , 23.48 % from other races , and 0.98 % from two or more races . 34.25 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 14.3 % were of English , 8.1 % German and 5.8 % Irish ancestry .
There were 340 households , out of which 45.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.80 % were married couples living together , 7.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.40 % were non-families . 20.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 3.01 and the average family size was 3.52 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 35.20 % under the age of 18 , 8.00 % from 18 to 24 , 27.50 % from 25 to 44 , 20.10 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.20 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 31 years . For every 100 females there were 110.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 112.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,576 , and the median income for a family was $ 31,534 . Males had a median income of $ 23,854 versus $ 20,192 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 11,141 . About 18.70 % of families and 19.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.10 % of those under age 18 and 11.70 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 982 people , 345 households , and 243 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 531 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 72.4 % white , 1.0 % American Indian , 0.7 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 23.8 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 40.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 14.8 % were English , 7.4 % were German , and 6.5 % were American .
Of the 345 households , 37.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.4 % were married couples living together , 7.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.6 % were non-families , and 24.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.41 . The median age was 32.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,909 and the median income for a family was $ 37,656 . Males had a median income of $ 32,895 versus $ 24,125 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,737 . About 8.7 % of families and 11.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.5 % of those under age 18 and 5.9 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
The public schools in the county are operated by Clark County School District # 161 , headquartered in Dubois . Clark County High School competes in athletics in the Rocky Mountain Conference in IHSAA 1A Division II ; the school colors are orange and black and its mascot is a bobcat .
Communities
Incorporated communities
Dubois ( county seat )
Spencer
Unincorporated communities
Humphrey
Kilgore
Politics
Presidential elections
Clark County has participated in every presidential election since the election of 1920 . The county has voted for every Republican candidate except in 1932 when it voted for the Democratic candidate Franklin D. Roosevelt giving him 54 percent of the vote . It was the solitary county in Idaho , and one of only three counties west of the Continental Divide alongside Rio Blanco County in Colorado and Kane County in Utah , to give at least a plurality to Alf Landon in his 1936 landslide defeat .
Voter registration
Government
Federal
The county is represented in the United States House of Representatives by Republican Mike Simpson of the 2nd Congressional District . It is represented in the United States Senate by Republicans Mike Crapo and James Risch .
State
The county is in the 35th Legislative district . It is represented by Republican Senator Van Burtenshaw and Republican representatives Karey Hanks and Rod Furniss .
County
The county has 3 County Commissioners Nick Hillman , Greg Shenton , and Macoy Ward . The county also has other County officials like Sheriff , County Clerk , Attorney , Coroner , Treasurer , and Assessor .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County , Idaho
References
External links
State of Idaho official site – Clark County
Clark County School District # 161
Clark county historical photographs at the Harold B. Lee Library , Brigham Young University
Idaho counties
1919 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1919
People Against Suffering , Oppression and Poverty ( PASSOP ) is a community-based , grass roots non-profit organisation fighting for the rights of asylum seekers , refugees and immigrants in Cape Town , South Africa .
PASSOP offers a range of services including : help desks that offer paralegal advice , integration events and workshops , a Disabled Children Support Project , an African Solidarity Education Project , assistance with documentation issues , ZDP Permits and Appeals , monitoring of Internally Displaced Persons camps and other advocacy and education projects .
Founding
PASSOP was founded in 2007 by a group of Zimbabweans and spearheaded by Braam Hanekom . Though originally established in response to increased tensions between Zimbabwean foreign nationals fleeing Robert Mugabe 's increasingly repressive regime and South African citizens who blamed them for crime and unemployment . PASSOP has since become a leading advocate for refugees and immigrants to demand human rights in South Africa . Staffed by volunteers and funded primarily through donations , PASSOP has had a large impact on the debate around the situation of documented and undocumented immigrants in South Africa , vowing to be a “ voice for the voiceless. ” . Passop is an Afrikaans word meaning beware . PASSOP is unique amongst other South African non-profit organisations in that it is an advocacy and activist organisation that draws the majority of its members and volunteers from the refugee community .
History
By identifying and exposing corruption within the Home Affairs Department 's Refugee Reception Centre , PASSOP has helped to increase the number of asylum seekers being served each day ( from around 20 before the creation of PASSOP to now over 200 ) . Through protest action , PASSOP has brought the issues of corruption and xenophobia to the public eye .
In November 2007 , PASSOP set the tone for its protest activism in its advocacy for the refugees who were forced to wait in massive queues outside of Cape Town 's Department of Home Affairs Refugee Center . At that time , the Department of Home Affairs processed only 20 asylum applications daily , while 600 to 2,000 refugees camped outside the department in a queue circling the block . Many foreign nationals waited in the queue for weeks ; one , Adonis Musati , starved to death while waiting to receive asylum documents that he was entitled to by law .
Following this death , PASSOP lodged a complaint with the South African Human Rights Commission ( SAHRC ) and raised funds to repatriate Musati 's body to Zimbabwe . PASSOP members also staged several protests at the Refugee Center and lobbied the Parliament on behalf of those refugees still waiting in the queue . As a direct result , Cape Town 's Department of Home Affairs now services between 180 and 300 applications daily .
Xenophobia and PASSOP
There are a large number of immigrants living in South Africa , estimates varying between one and three million . Massive documentation backlogs , poor queue management , corruption , and a general lack of resources at the Refugee Reception Centres across South Africa , coupled with an incoherent immigration policy in general has led to a situation in which most of the immigrants in South Africa are undocumented . It is these undocumented immigrants , asylum seekers and refugees that are the most vulnerable , most marginalised section of South Africa 's population .
This group of undocumented immigrants is acutely under-represented in labour unions , civil society and community activism efforts , and not represented at all politically . This lack of representation leaves them with compromised access to education , health care , labour rights , shelter , and even the most basic human rights . They are among the most easily and widely exploited individuals in South Africa , and are often made the victims of targeted hate crimes and xenophobic aggression . In 2008 , more than 60 immigrants were killed and over 30,000 people were forcefully displaced as a result of xenophobic attacks throughout South Africa . In 2009 , the attacks were repeated and over 3,000 people were displaced in the Western Cape alone . PASSOP fights for the rights of this acutely marginalised group of people .
For example , following xenophobic attacks in several informal settlements in the Western Cape and Gauteng in May and June 2008 , PASSOP was a vocal member of the Civil Society Task Team , set up by the SAHRC in response to the massive influx of foreign nationals into refugee camps . PASSOP worked closely with both South Africans and foreign nationals to negotiate the refugees ' peaceful reintegration into their communities . PASSOP remains a forum in which refugees can speak out about the conditions in which they now live in South Africa . PASSOP works closely with community leaders in the Zimbabwean , Congolese and Somali community structures to address issues , concerns and problems facing refugees and immigrants within Cape Town . In this , PASSOP especially advocates for undocumented immigrants who often have no civil representation .
PASSOP collaborates with students and has many student volunteers from the University of Cape Town who assist and support it in many of its day-to-day functions . Moreover , PASSOP is the beneficiary of the annual Cape Town Zimfest Music festival , first held in the Good Hope centre , Cape Town on 6 September 2008 . The musical event features performers including Freshlyground , The Rudimentals , The Dirty Skirts , Ike Moriz , New Altum , Tristan Waterkeyn and Coda .
PASSOP maintains that definitions of refugees and asylum seekers need to be reformulated to take into account breadline refugees . The situation in Zimbabwe is so appalling that people must choose between leaving their homes in search of a means of survival or remaining at home to starve . The economic condition in Zimbabwe is so extreme it constitutes a humanitarian crisis . People in Zimbabwe are so destitute that many are below the breadline , meaning they can not even afford basic food and are therefore driven out of their own country , seeking subsistence survival in South Africa and other Southern African nations . PASSOP wants to make the South African public aware of the lack of choice people have in their decisions to cross the border . PASSOP is against all xenophobic attacks on immigrants and maintains that the right to freedom and dignity is one of all persons residing in South Africa , whether here legally or illegally . PASSOP has made their disappointment with South African foreign policy known through the media and public protests . PASSOP continues to demand immediate improvement in the services provided to refugees and asylum seekers by the Department of Home Affairs .
See also
Gallery
References
External links
Homepage : People Against Suffering Suppression Oppression and Poverty
The Zimbabwean : `` PASSOP Watch a weekly column ''
Video on Refugees in Cape Town : `` I am .. refugees trying to legalise themselves ''
The Voice of the Cape : `` PASSOP Takes Immigrant Issues to SAHRC '' 07/22/2008
PASSOP Press Statement : Zimbabwe Elections 04/10/2008
PASSOP Press Statement : Somalian Victimization 03/19/2008
PASSOP Press Conference 06/10/2008
PASSOP Press Statements : Solidarity 2007–2008
Cape Argus : `` New Reception Office to Risky for Refugees '' 07/18/2008
Cape Times : `` Activist Threatened in Xenophobic Attack '' 07/10/2008
Cape Argus : `` Interview with Refugee Activist ''
meeting with deputy minister
Social movements in South Africa
Human rights organisations based in South Africa
Amber Brock ( born January 14 , 1980 ) is an American author known for her debut novel , A Fine Imitation and her follow-up Lady Be Good . She also teaches English , Spanish , and Creative Writing at The Atlanta Girls ' School .
Reception
A Fine Imitation is Amber Brock 's debut novel . Before its release , A Fine Imitation was featured in Atlanta Magazine , Harper 's Bazaar , and People Magazine . After its release , A Fine Imitation was also featured in The Skimm .
Kirkus Reviews said of the characters in the book , `` Brock sketches a hazy outline of 1920s high society as seen through the eyes of a woman who would be free from its hollow promises . Somehow her main character wallows in indecision , even as circumstances allow for the possibility of personal growth and reinvention . ''
Jo Haraf from Historical Novel Society wrote , `` Brock 's introspective characters , satisfying sub-plots , and unexpected—but justified—twists elevate the novel from a period romance to a suspenseful peek inside high society 's gilded cage . ''
References
American women novelists
American educators
Living people
1980 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Players and pairs who neither have high enough rankings nor receive wild cards may participate in a qualifying tournament held one week before the annual Wimbledon Tennis Championships .
Seeds
Julien Benneteau ( qualifying competition , lucky loser )
Olivier Mutis ( second round )
Lee Hyung-taik ( second round )
Richard Gasquet ( qualified )
Nicolas Mahut ( second round )
Davide Sanguinetti ( qualifying competition , lucky loser )
Jan Hernych ( qualified )
Christophe Rochus ( qualified )
Adrián García ( first round , retired )
Jeff Morrison ( first round )
Alex Bogomolov Jr. ( first round )
Tomáš Zíb ( first round )
Juan Mónaco ( withdrew )
Harel Levy ( first round )
Alexander Peya ( qualifying competition , lucky loser )
Potito Starace ( qualifying competition , lucky loser )
Juan Pablo Guzmán ( first round )
Ivo Heuberger ( qualified )
Alejandro Falla ( qualified )
Paul Goldstein ( second round )
Gilles Müller ( first round )
Glenn Weiner ( qualified )
Jiří Vaněk ( second round )
Dick Norman ( first round )
Stefano Pescosolido ( qualifying competition , lucky loser )
Ricardo Mello ( first round )
Santiago Ventura ( second round )
Guillermo García López ( first round )
Roko Karanušić ( second round )
Robert Kendrick ( second round )
Alessio di Mauro ( first round )
Janko Tipsarević ( qualified )
Qualifiers
Jamie Delgado
André Sá
Iván Navarro
Richard Gasquet
Ramón Delgado
Glenn Weiner
Jan Hernych
Christophe Rochus
Alejandro Falla
Ivo Heuberger
Daniele Bracciali
Wang Yeu-tzuoo
Olivier Patience
Julian Knowle
Andy Ram
Janko Tipsarević
Lucky losers
Julien Benneteau
Davide Sanguinetti
Alexander Peya
Potito Starace
Stefano Pescosolido
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
Ninth qualifier
Tenth qualifier
Eleventh qualifier
Twelfth qualifier
Thirteenth qualifier
Fourteenth qualifier
Fifteenth qualifier
Sixteenth qualifier
External links
2004 Wimbledon Championships – Men 's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Men 's Singles Qualifying
Wimbledon Championship by year – Men 's singles qualifying
François Alexandre Frédéric de La Rochefoucauld-Liancourt ( 11 January 1747 – 27 March 1827 ) was a French social reformer .
Early life
He was born at La Roche Guyon , the son of François Armand de La Rochefoucauld , duc d'Estissac , grand master of the royal wardrobe . One of his cousins was Louis Alexandre de La Rochefoucauld d'Enville .
Known as the duc de Liancourt in infancy , he became an officer of carbineers , and married at seventeen . A visit to England seems to have suggested the establishment of a model farm at Liancourt , where he reared cattle imported from England and Switzerland . He also set up spinning machines on his estate , and founded a school , École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers , for the sons of soldiers , which became in 1788 the École des Enfants de la Patrie under royal protection .
In 2008 , this school was renamed Arts et Métiers ParisTech .
French Revolution
Frédéric de Liancourt was elected to the Estates-General of 1789 , where he sought in vain to support the monarchy while furthering social reform .
On 14 July , following the storming of the Bastille , he warned Louis XVI of the state of affairs in Paris , and met his exclamation that there was a revolt with the answer , `` Non , sire , c'est une révolution . '' ( `` No , majesty , it is a revolution . '' )
On 18 July , he became president of the National Constituent Assembly .
Established in command of a military division in Normandy , he offered Louis a refuge in Rouen , and , failing in this effort , assisted him with a large sum of money .
Exile
After the events of 10 August 1792 ( storming of the Tuileries Palace ) , he fled to England , where he was the guest of Arthur Young . There also he met Young 's nieces by marriage , Frances and Sarah Burney . The former gives a long description of him in her journal . After the assassination of his cousin , Louis Alexandre de La Rochefoucauld d'Enville , at Gisors on 14 September 1792 he assumed the title of duc de La Rochefoucauld .
He left England in 1794 , and travelled to the United States .
In 1795 , he and five associates began a tour which covered much of the northern United States and Upper Canada . They crossed the Niagara River to Fort Erie and also saw Fort Chippawa . From there they travelled to Newark , Canada where they were entertained by Lieutenant Governor John Graves Simcoe .
Their trip was cut short when they were prohibited from entering Lower Canada . Insulted , François Alexandre Frédéric returned to the US and , in 1799 , his exile ended , he returned to France .
Return to France
On his return to Paris , he was treated with dignity , but distantly by Napoleon . At the Restoration he entered the House of Peers , but Louis XVIII refused to reinstate him as master of the wardrobe , although his father had paid 400,000 francs for the honour . Successive governments , revolutionary and otherwise , recognized the value of his institutions at Liancourt , and he was for twenty-three years government inspector of his school , École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers , which had been removed to Châlons-en-Champagne .
The 19 member jury for the 5th Exposition des produits de l'industrie française was chosen in May 1819 , with the Duc de la Rochefoucauld as president and Jean-Antoine Chaptal as vice-president and rapporteur . Chaptal had arranged the 2nd and 3rd expositions , and again played a leading role .
The 5th exposition opened on 25 August 1819 in the great halls of the Louvre palace .
Rochefoucauld was one of the first promoters of vaccination in France ; he established a dispensary in Paris , and he was an active member of the central boards of administration for hospitals , prisons and agriculture . His opposition to the government in the House of Peers led to his removal in 1823 from the honorary positions he held , while the vaccination committee , of which he was president , was suppressed . The academies of science and of medicine admitted him to their membership by way of protest . Official hostility pursued him even after his death , for the old pupils of his school were charged by the military at his funeral .
Works
His works , chiefly on economic questions , include books on the English system of taxation , poor-relief and education .
Family
His eldest son , François , duc de La Rochefoucauld ( 1765–1848 ) , succeeded his father in the House of Peers .
The second , Alexandre , comte de La Rochefoucauld ( 1767–1841 ) , married Adélaïde de Pyvart de Chastullé , a San Domingo heiress allied to the Beauharnais family . Mme de La Rochefoucauld became dame d'honneur to the empress Josephine , and their eldest daughter married , a brother-in-law of Pauline Bonaparte , Princess Borghese . La Rochefoucauld became ambassador successively to Vienna ( 1805 ) and to The Hague ( 1808–1810 ) , where he negotiated the union of the Kingdom of Holland with France . During the `` A Hundred Days '' he was made a peer of France . He subsequently devoted himself to philanthropic work , and in 1822 became deputy to the Chamber of Deputies and sat with the constitutional royalists . He was again raised to the peerage in 1831 .
The third son , Frederic Gaetan , marquis de La Rochefoucauld-Liancourt ( 1779–1863 ) , was a zealous philanthropist and a partisan of constitutional monarchy . He took no part in politics after 1848 . The marquis wrote on social questions , notably on prison administration ; he edited the works of La Rochefoucauld , and the memoirs of Condorcet ; and he was the author of some vaudevilles , tragedies and poems .
Footnotes
Additional references consulted
Further reading
François Furstenberg , When the United States Spoke French : Five Refugees Who Shaped a Nation . New York : Penguin , 2014 .
1747 births
1827 deaths
French sociologists
Dukes of La Rochefoucauld
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the Bourbon Restoration
French social reformers
French male writers
Noah Locke ( born May 10 , 1999 ) is an American college basketball player for the Providence Friars of the Big East Conference . He previously played for the Louisville Cardinals and the Florida Gators .
Early life and high school career
Locke began playing basketball at the age of seven . He attended the McDonogh School , where he was coached by T. J. Jordan . As a senior , Locke averaged 21.6 points , seven rebounds and five assists per game . Locke garnered USA Today First Team All-USA Maryland Boys Basketball honors . He finished his career as the all-time leading scorer at the McDonogh School with 2,350 points . Locke committed to Florida over offers from Michigan , Ohio State , Providence and Xavier .
College career
On January 11 , 2019 , Locke scored a career-high 27 points against Texas A & M . He averaged 9.4 points per game as a freshman . As a sophomore , Locke averaged 10.6 points and 2.5 rebounds per game , and his 48.1 percent three-point shooting in Southeastern Conference play led the league . He was hampered by a nagging hip injury , and underwent surgery in the offseason . In the 2021 NCAA Tournament , he scored 17 points in a loss to Oral Roberts . As a junior , Locke averaged 10.6 points and 2.4 rebounds per game , and he led the team with made three-pointers with 57 . After the season , he transferred to Louisville . Locke averaged 9.6 points , 2.3 rebounds , and one assist per game for the Cardinals . He opted to use his additional season of eligibility and transfer to Providence Friars .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Florida
| 36 || 26 || 25.4 || .375 || .379 || .775 || 2.3 || .6 || .4 || .0 || 9.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Florida
| 31 || 29 || 29.8 || .429 || .432 || .714 || 2.5 || .7 || .6 || .0 || 10.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Florida
| 25 || 24 || 29.0 || .425 || .404 || .778 || 2.4 || .7 || .6 || .2 || 10.6
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 92 || 79 || 27.8 || .408 || .403 || .758 || 2.4 || .7 || .6 || .1 || 10.1
Personal life
Locke is the son of Vanessa and Kyle Locke , both of whom played college basketball at Coppin State . His brother Kayel played basketball at UNC Greensboro before embarking on a professional career . His sister Paris plays for the McDonogh School team .
References
External links
Louisville Cardinals bio
Florida Gators bio
1999 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Baltimore
Florida Gators men 's basketball players
Louisville Cardinals men 's basketball players
Shooting guards
The Glebe Homestead is a heritage-listed homestead at Taroom-Cracow Road , Glebe near Taroom , Shire of Banana , Queensland , Australia . It was designed by Florence Mary Rigby and built . It is also known as Broadwater . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 March 2007 .
History
The Glebe Homestead , overlooking the Dawson River to the northeast of Taroom , was completed . It is the second house on the property , erected after the first was destroyed by fire in 1915 . It was built by and for the Rigby family , owners of The Glebe from 1900 .
European occupation of the Dawson River district followed explorer Ludwig Leichhardt 's journey through the area in 1844 , during his exploratory journey from Jimbour Homestead to Port Essington . Squatters soon followed , with a licence for Taroom Station issued in 1845 . The town of Taroom , named after the station , was surveyed in 1860 . Closer settlement commenced in the 1880s , with land resumptions and subdivision under the Crown Lands Act of 1884 .
Tenders to lease a pastoral holding known as Broadwater run ( later The Glebe ) were called in March 1851 . It was not until November 1858 that the tender of George Bowman of Richmond was accepted for the 25 square mile run . The lease changed hands several times in the 1860s and 1870s .
By the mid-1880s Broadwater was one of six runs comprising the consolidated run of Cockatoo Creek . No improvements had been made to the property and in 1888 Broadwater , along with three other Cockatoo Creek runs , was resumed for grazing selection . In August 1900 portions 14 and 15 ( Grazing Farms 124 & 125 ) - a combined area of 29 square miles , formerly Broadwater run and with frontages to the Dawson River and Cockatoo Creek - were selected by George Beaumont Rigby , and named The Glebe . The property had very thick coolibah on the black soil river and creek flats , and dense brigalow , sandalwood and mulga scrub elsewhere .
Rigby arrived in Taroom from England probably in the late 1870s . He found employment on Carrabah ( formerly Taroom ) run , where he formed a partnership with the manager , GC Langhorne , to acquire the 90,000 acre runs from the Queensland National Bank in 1881 . Whilst living at Carrabah , Rigby married Marian Frances Crawford in 1884 and five sons and one daughter were born to them . The partnership between Langhorne and Rigby dissolved in 1900 and in August of that year Rigby and his wife took up The Glebe . Rigby later acquired several adjoining blocks : an occupation license for Mountain Block ( 10 square miles ) in 1907 ; a lease on Springvale ( 16 square miles ) in 1921 ; and a lease on Price Creek , a 14 square mile block east of Springvale , by 1925 .
By September 1901 the Rigby family were living in a tent on The Glebe . By 1908 the selection had been improved with a residence , woolshed ( the Rigbys ran sheep in conjunction with cattle until the late 1940s ) and cultivated paddocks ; by October 1915 improvements included an iron-roofed residence , a kitchen garden , woolshed , machinery , fencing and cultivation . Soon after this survey , in December 1915 , the Rigby residence was destroyed by fire and it took some years for the family for construct another home , which they built themselves from materials available on the property and using traditional construction techniques . Work on cutting and milling timber for the new house commenced almost immediately , but construction was slow . This was the time of the Great War in Europe . Two of the Rigby sons were serving overseas in the armed forces ; there was a war-generated shortage of building materials ; the property had to be run ; and much time and energy was being invested in eradicating the prickly pear that infested The Glebe and other properties in the Taroom district prior to the introduction of cactoblastis larvae in the 1920s . During this period ( 1916-1919 ) the family resided in what is now known as the machinery shed , with its slab walls and bark roof overlaid with sheets of corrugated iron .
By early June 1921 , when an appraisal of rent was made by the Lands Department , The Glebe homestead comprised a new house of 7 rooms , services laid on from 5,000 gallon tanks supplied from river , outbuildings etc . Descendants understand that the new house was designed by Florence Mary Rigby - George and Marion 's only daughter - with the main bedroom and living room separated from the rest of the house by a wide breezeway , which , though housed under the same roof , was open at both ends .
A 1923 photograph was taken at The Glebe to commemorate a visit by the then Governor of Queensland , Sir Matthew Nathan . This and other photographs of the period 1920s to 1940s show the house largely unchanged , with the exception of a small bedroom later enclosed at the southwest corner of the verandah . By at least the 1930s , a Chinese market gardener had established a vegetable garden on land between the house and the river , but this is not known to have survived the 1940s . By the late 1930s an air-strip had been cleared just south of the house .
George Beaumont Rigby died in 1931 and Marion Rigby in 1937 . George had been very active in district affairs . He was an auditor of the Taroom District Hospital ( established 1896 ) , a position he held until his death , and was instrumental in establishing the Taroom Agricultural and Pastoral Society in the late 1890s . He was also a long-serving member of the Taroom Divisional Board ( later Taroom Shire Council ) .
The property remained in the Rigby family for over a century , until resumed for the proposed Nathan Dam early in the 21st century . The woolshed was destroyed by fire in 1997 .
Description
The Glebe Homestead is located approximately northeast of Taroom , on a low sandy ridge overlooking the Dawson River to the northwest .
The homestead complex comprises a single-storeyed timber residence with early garden , tennis court and orchard ; a two-storeyed shearers ' quarters ; a machinery shed ; a s cottage clad with fibrous cement ( not considered to be of heritage significance ) ; and cattle yards to the south of the timber residence .
Timber residence and garden
The residence is constructed of horizontal drop slabs of sawn Moreton Bay Ash ( Eucalyptus tessellaris ) housed in recessed sections of vertical timber members . The whole is elevated on low timber stumps , and the charred remains of earlier stumps are extant beneath the house . The original layout of the residence is evident : four rooms ( two on each side of a narrow passageway which opens off the southwest side of the building ) separated by a wide breezeway from two larger rooms to the northeast , with wide verandahs to the southeast and northeast . A bungalow-style hipped roof clad with corrugated iron sheets comes down low over the verandahs , where it is supported on regularly spaced squared timber posts with later cast iron brackets . Several pairs of French doors open onto the verandahs from the interior . On the northwest side of the house is a small corrugated- iron gable roof over the northwest timber entrance steps to the breezeway . This breezeway is now enclosed with panels of doors and windows at either end . A later bathroom has been added to the northwest corner of the house , and a bedroom to the southwest corner , enclosing an existing verandah space .
Internally much of the timber partitioning is lined with hessian and papered , and other timber walls are oiled with a mixture of linseed oil and turpentine . The timber ceilings have been covered in some places with fibrous cement sheeting . A large fireplace in the living/dining room has a timber surround .
The house retains an extensive garden area , with early plantings including a plumbago hedge on the northeastern fence , a jasmine hedge along the northwestern fence , a climbing rose ( Senica alba ) near the northwest entrance to the house , and several early varieties of bougainvillea and crepe myrtle ( Lagerstroemia sp. ) . Just outside the fenced garden are three jacaranda trees ( Jacaranda mimosifolia ) , two of which define what was once the main gate into the garden . To the southwest of the garden is an unsealed tennis court , which has a high fence of wire mesh supported by timber saplings . Remnants of an early orchard adjoin the northeastern garden fence . To the west of the garden is a row of early pepper trees ( Macropiper excelsum ) .
Outbuildings
To the southwest , separated from the main residence by an area of cement-set stone paving , is a small timber framed and timber-clad laundry . Attached to this is a timber-framed , fibrous-cement sheeted shed .
Further to the southwest , beyond the house yard , is a machinery shed that pre-dates the house . This is partially of slab construction and retains an early galvanised-iron gabled roof insulated with bark lining . It has skillion-roofed extensions along each side . Nearby is the former two-storeyed shearers ' quarters , a gable-roofed , timber- framed building clad with sections of timber board and sheets of corrugated iron .
Heritage listing
The Glebe Homestead was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 March 2007 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .
The Glebe Homestead , completed by , is important in illustrating the pattern of settlement in the Taroom district , being associated with the pattern of land resumption in the district in late 19th and early 20th centuries . The manner in which the homestead was constructed , over a number of years and from materials recycled or obtained from the property , reflects the impact of the Great War of 1914–1918 , during which many rural communities in Queensland suffered materials and labour shortages , and the additional impact of the widespread prickly pear infestation on properties in the northwest Darling Downs , which created financial strain for many landholders .
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .
A machinery shed on the site , which pre-dates the main residence , retains early bark lining beneath a corrugated iron roof , which is a rare surviving example of this form of construction .
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland 's history .
The homestead has the potential to provide the opportunity for further archaeological research , as many of the buildings have survived intact with early machinery and fittings . The remains of an early building , which may be the previous house , are apparent beneath the present main residence .
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .
The homestead , which comprises a main residence , garden with mature trees and other early plantings , tennis court and outbuildings , is an intact and working example of an early 20th century pastoral head station , constructed during a period of financial , material and manpower shortages , and is important in illustrating its type . The main residence is important as a late example of sawn timber slab construction and of traditional interior finishes , illustrating how traditional bush construction techniques were sustained in rural Queensland for many decades after initial settlement . The idiosyncratic design illustrates an appreciation of local climate conditions , and the whole reflects the need for self-sufficiency and the shortage of materials and labour during the first world war .
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance .
The main residence , set within a garden of mature trees and other early plantings , and outbuildings have aesthetic significance engendered by the rustic materials and picturesque setting in an open rural landscape .
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Glebe , Queensland
Homesteads in Queensland
Buildings and structures in Central Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Claire Nielson ( née Isbister ; born 8 April 1937 ) is a Scottish actress , primarily known for her television roles . On television , she played the wife of the belligerent American guest , Mr. Hamilton , in the `` Waldorf Salad '' episode of Fawlty Towers , appeared as Jean 'Porridge ' Carter , Geoffrey Stock 's secretary , in the popular 1960s crime series Ghost Squad and played the wife of Rikki Fulton 's character in many sketches of the Scottish Hogmanay show Scotch and Wry from 1978 until 1993 . Other TV credits include Upstairs , Downstairs , Monarch of the Glen , The Brothers , The Two Ronnies , Take The High Road , Z-Cars , Special Branch , Thriller and Taggart . She also appeared as Barbara Grant in the 1971 film version of Kidnapped , opposite Michael Caine and Trevor Howard .
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Scottish television actresses
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Rally of the Ecologists of Senegal ( Rassemblement des écologistes du Sénégal – Les Verts ) is a political party in Senegal .
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007 , the party won 1.00 % of the popular vote and 1 out of 150 seats .
See also
Conservation movement
Environmental movement
Green party
Green politics
List of environmental organizations
Sustainability
Sustainable development
References
Green parties in Africa
Political parties in Senegal
This is a list of inmates of Topaz War Relocation Center , an American concentration camp in Utah used during World War II to hold people of Japanese descent .
Karl Ichiro Akiya ( 1909–2001 ) , a writer and political activist .
Richard Aoki ( 1938–2009 ) , an American civil rights activist .
Mitsuye Endo ( 1920–2006 ) , plaintiff of the Ex parte Endo Supreme Court case that led to Japanese Americans being allowed to return to the West Coast and to the closing of the war relocation camps . Also interned at Tule Lake .
Yoshiaki Fukuda ( 1898–1957 ) , a Konko bishop and missionary . Also interned at Fort Missoula and the Crystal City Internment Camp .
Marii Hasegawa ( 1918–2012 ) , a peace activist .
George Matsusaburo Hibi ( 1886–1947 ) , an Issei artist .
Hisako Shimizu Hibi ( 1907–1991 ) , an Issei painter and printmaker .
Yuji Ichioka ( 1936–2002 ) , an American historian who coined the term `` Asian American '' .
Kazu Iijima ( 1918–2007 ) , an activist and community organizer .
George Ishiyama ( 1914–2003 ) , businessman and former president of Alaska Pulp Corporation . Also interned at Heart Mountain .
Miyoko Ito ( 1918–1983 ) , an artist known for her watercolor and abstract oil paintings and prints .
Willie Ito ( 1934– ) , an animator best known for his work on cartoons like The Jetsons , The Flintstones , and The Yogi Bear Show from Hanna-Barbera and Walt Disney Studios .
Tsuyako Kitashima ( 1918–2006 ) , a Japanese American activist noted for her role in seeking reparations for Japanese American internment .
Michi Kobi ( 1924–2016 ) , an American actress .
Fred Korematsu ( 1919–2005 ) , who challenged the constitutionality of Executive Order 9066 in Korematsu v. United States .
Toshio Mori ( 1910–1980 ) , author .
Robert Murase ( 1938–2005 ) , a world-renowned landscape architect .
Chiura Obata ( 1885–1975 ) , a Japanese American artist .
Frank H. Ogawa ( 1917–1994 ) , the first Japanese American to serve on the Oakland City Council .
Miné Okubo ( 1912–2001 ) , a Japanese American artist and writer , noted for her book , Citizen 13660 .
Mary Yamashiro Otani ( 1923–2005 ) , a community activist .
Kay Sekimachi ( born 1926 ) , an American fiber artist .
Toyo Suyemoto ( 1916–2003 ) , an American poet , memoirist , and librarian .
Goro Suzuki ( 1917–1979 ) , an Oakland-born entertainer known widely under his stage name , Jack Soo , star of the original stage and movie productions of Flower Drum Song and remembered for his role as Detective Nick Yemana on the 1970s sitcom Barney Miller . Suzuki was a favorite performer at Topaz gatherings .
Dave Tatsuno ( 1913–2006 ) , a Japanese American businessman who documented life in an American concentration camp on film .
Kazue Togasaki ( 1897–1992 ) , one of the first two women of Japanese ancestry to earn a medical degree in the United States . Also interned at Tule Lake and Manzanar .
Yoshiko Uchida ( 1921–1992 ) , a Japanese American writer , most notable for her books , Desert Exile : The Uprooting of a Japanese American Family and Picture Bride .
Thomas Yamamoto ( 1917–2004 ) , an American artist .
References
Lists of prisoners and detainees
Pascal Mesenburg , pen name Mezzo , is a French cartoonist born in Drancy , France in 1960 .
Biography
Very early , he is appealed by the 1960-1970 rock sleeves and the American underground scene ( Robert Crumb , Rick Griffin , Robert Williams , etc . ) that bring an `` electric '' counterpoint to his Franco-Belgian ( Hergé , Ever Meulen ) and older American influences ( George Herriman , Chester Gould , Will Eisner ) .
In 1978 , he is admitted to the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts and École nationale supérieure des arts appliqués et des métiers d'art of Paris , where he passes through , preferring to devote himself to music . At the same time , he publishes his illustrations in various fanzines ( Le Crapaud baveux , Flag , Ogoun ! ... ) , ( Sortez la chienne ... ) and Parisian magazines ( Rock en Stock , Best , Zoulou ( Actuel ) , L'Écho des savanes , Playboy , Métal Aventure ... ) and participates in some advertising campaigns ( Pall Mall , greeting card for Dupuy Saatchi , Renault ... ) .
In 1988 , he meets , with whom he devoted himself mainly to comics without abandoning graphic design and illustration . With his realistic , dark and precise stroke , between ligne claire and density of black , he is easily associated with the contemporary American line .
King of the Flies ( Le Roi des mouches - 2005 for vol . 1 ) was noticed by critics . It has been translated in Spain ( La Cúpula ) , the Netherlands ( Sherpa ) and the United States ( Fantagraphics Books ) . On this series he works with Michel Pirus in the script and the colorist Ruby .
In 2014 is published Love in Vain , which recounts the life of bluesman Robert Johnson , with Jean-Michel Dupont in the script .
Bibliography
With Michel Pirus , scenarist
1991 : Les Désarmés T.1 , éd . Zenda
1993 : Les Désarmés T.2 , éd . Zenda
1995 : Deux tueurs , éd . Delcourt
1996 : Un monde étrange ( 6 short stories published initially by Humanoïdes Associés in collection « Frank Margerin présente » ) , éd . Delcourt
1997 : Mickey Mickey , éd . Delcourt
2005 : Le Roi des mouches , T.1 , Hallorave , éd . Albin Michel - ( Official selection of Angoulême International Comics Festival 2006 )
2008 : Le Roi des mouches , T.2 , L'Origine du monde , éd . Drugstore ( Glénat ) - ( Official selection of Angoulême International Comics Festival 2009 )
2010 : Les Désarmés ( full version reworked and recolored ) , éd . Drugstore ( Glénat )
2013 : Le Roi des mouches T.3 , Sourire suivant , éd . Glénat - ( Official selection of Angoulême International Comics Festival 2014 )
With Jean-Michel Dupont , scenarist
2014 : Love in Vain , Hors collection , éd . Glénat — prix des Libraires de Bande Dessinée 2015
Awards
2008 : Prix de la BD du Point , with Michel Pirus , for King of the Flies , vol 2 : The Origin of the World .
Notes and references
1960 births
French comics artists
Pseudonymous writers
Living people
Gordon County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 55,186 . The county seat is Calhoun . Gordon County comprises the Calhoun , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area .
History
Gordon County was created on February 13 , 1850 by an act of the Georgia General Assembly . The new county was formed from portions of Cass ( later renamed Bartow ) and Floyd counties . All lands that would become Gordon County were originally occupied by the Cherokee Indians—and , in fact , the area was home of New Echota , the last seat of the Cherokee Nation . Even while Cherokees remained on their homeland , the General Assembly enacted legislation in December 1830 that provided for surveying the Cherokee Nation in Georgia and dividing it into sections , districts , and land lots . Subsequently , the legislature identified this entire area as `` Cherokee County '' ( even though it never functioned as a county ) . An act of December 3 , 1832 divided the Cherokee lands into ten new counties—Cass ( later renamed Bartow ) , Cherokee , Cobb , Floyd , Forsyth , Gilmer , Lumpkin , Murray , Paulding , and Union . Cherokee lands were distributed to whites in a land lottery , but the legislature temporarily prohibited whites from taking possession of lots on which Cherokees still lived .
It was not until December 29 , 1835 that Georgia had an official basis for claiming the unceded Cherokee lands that included the future location of Gordon County . In the Treaty of New Echota , a faction of the Cherokees agreed to give up all Cherokee claims to land in Georgia , Alabama , Tennessee , and North Carolina and move west in return for $ 5 million . Though a majority of Cherokees opposed the treaty and refused to leave , the U.S. and Georgia considered it binding . In 1838 , U.S. Army troops rounded up the last of 15,000 Cherokees in Georgia and forced them to march west in what came to be known as the `` Trail of Tears '' , making this area the starting point of the removal .
Gordon County 's original 1850 boundaries were changed numerous times between 1852 and 1877 , during which time the legislature transferred portions of Cass ( Bartow ) , Floyd , Murray , Pickens , and Walker counties to Gordon County , while transferring land from Gordon to Floyd and Murray counties .
Georgia 's 94th county was named for William Washington Gordon ( 1796–1842 ) , the first Georgian to graduate from West Point and first president of the Central of Georgia Railroad .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Mountains in Gordon County include Baugh Mountain and Horn Mountain .
The eastern half of Gordon County is located in the Coosawattee River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin ( Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin ) . Most of the western half of the county is located in the Oostanaula River sub-basin of the same larger ACT River Basin , while a small northerly portion of the county , between Resaca and Industrial City , is in the Conasauga River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin .
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 411
State Route 3
State Route 53
State Route 53 Spur
State Route 61
State Route 136
State Route 136 Connector
State Route 156
State Route 225
State Route 401 ( unsigned designation for I-75 )
Adjacent counties
Murray County - north
Whitfield County - north
Gilmer County - northeast
Pickens County - east
Cherokee County - southeast
Bartow County - south
Floyd County - west
Walker County - northwest
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 44,104 people , 16,173 households , and 12,259 families living in the county . The population density was 124 people per square mile ( 48/km2 ) . There were 17,145 housing units at an average density of 48 per square mile ( 19/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 89.69 % White , 3.46 % Black or African American , 0.27 % Native American , 0.53 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 4.98 % from other races , and 1.01 % from two or more races . 7.41 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 16,173 households , out of which 35.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.40 % were married couples living together , 11.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.20 % were non-families . 20.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.08 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.10 % under the age of 18 , 9.50 % from 18 to 24 , 31.40 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 99.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.10 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,831 , and the median income for a family was $ 43,184 . Males had a median income of $ 29,761 versus $ 22,256 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,586 . About 7.50 % of families and 9.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.10 % of those under age 18 and 14.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 55,186 people , 19,715 households , and 14,653 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 22,278 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 85.2 % white , 3.6 % black or African American , 1.0 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 7.7 % from other races , and 2.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 14.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 14.6 % were American , 9.8 % were Irish , 6.9 % were English , and 6.7 % were German .
Of the 19,715 households , 39.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.8 % were married couples living together , 12.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 25.7 % were non-families , and 21.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.20 . The median age was 36.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,916 and the median income for a family was $ 47,964 . Males had a median income of $ 37,358 versus $ 28,394 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,285 . About 13.7 % of families and 17.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.7 % of those under age 18 and 17.1 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 57,544 people , 20,561 households , and 15,002 families residing in the county .
Economy
In addition to service industries , the economy of Gordon County is rooted in manufacturing and both heavy and light industry . Mohawk Industries , a leading manufacturer of flooring , is headquartered in Gordon County . In addition , Shaw Industries , Beaulieu International Group , LG Chem , and Kobelco Construction Machinery America - a division of Kobe Steel - have significant presences in Gordon , County .
Culture
Gordon County was the home of the Georgia Yellow Hammers , an old-time music group from the 1920s . The Yellow Hammers , chiefly composed of Bill Chitwood , Clyde Evans , Bud Landress , Charles Ernest Moody , and Phil Reeve were one of the most important bands during the heyday of old-time music . They have left their mark on the community . The Calhoun High School ( Calhoun , Georgia ) Yellow Jackets football team play in Phil Reeve Stadium . Mr. Moody was the author of songs which are today Southern Gospel standards including `` Drifting Too Far From the Shore '' which has been covered and recorded by such artists as Jerry Garcia , Emmylou Harris , Phil Lesh , Hank Williams and many others .
Rail accidents
Two fatal rail accidents took place in Gordon County in the late 20th century . The first one was in 1981 when Southern Railway train # 160 collided with a log truck near the community of Oostanaula . The engineer and the driver of the log truck were fatally injured . In 1990 , Train # 188 ran a stop signal at the north end of the siding at Davis , Georgia and collided with Train # G38 on the same line . The engineer and conductor on # G38 and the conductor on # 188 died in this collision . A monument stands at the site of the collision near the Georgia Highway 136 crossing .
Politics
Bert Lance , an advisor to Jimmy Carter 's successful presidential campaign , served as Chairman of the Board of Calhoun First National Bank , later acquired by Trust Company of Georgia , forerunner of SunTrust ; it is now part of Truist Financial . As of 2020 , Carter is the final Democratic nominee to win Gordon County ( 1980 ) .
Since 1980 , Republicans have had a strong base in Gordon County .
Education
Gordon County public schools
High schools
Sonoraville High School
Gordon Central High School
Middle schools
Redbud Middle School
Ashworth Middle School
Elementary schools
Fairmount Elementary School
Belwood Elementary School
W.L . Swain Elementary School
Max V. Tolbert Elementary School
Red Bud Elementary School
Sonoraville Elementary School
Private schools
Georgia-Cumberland Academy
John L. Coble Elementary School
Calhoun city schools
Calhoun Primary School - formerly known as Eastside Primary School
Calhoun Elementary School
Calhoun Middle School
Calhoun High School
Communities
Cities
Calhoun
Fairmount
Towns
Plainville
Resaca
Ranger
Unincorporated communities
Sugar Valley
Sonoraville
Oakman
Oostanaula
Red Bud
Cash
Ryo
Recreational complexes
The Sonoraville Recreational Complex in Sonoraville , Georgia
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gordon County , Georgia
Resaca Confederate Cemetery
Gordon County , New South Wales
References
External links
Listen to Gordon County Sheriff and Fire radio
Gordon County , Georgia Genealogy
Gordon County , Georgia Genealogy & History
Gordon County historical marker
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1850 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Northwest Georgia ( U.S . )
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1850
100 % Scooter – 25 Years Wild & Wicked is a compilation album and a box set by German dance group Scooter , released on 15 December 2017 through Sheffield Tunes and Kontor Records .
Track listing
3-disc version
5-disc version
Limited Deluxe Box
The special collector 's edition of the album , entitled 100 % Scooter – 25 Years Wild & Wicked ( Limited Deluxe Box ) , contains 5 CDs mentioned above , plus a vinyl LP of Olga Scheps ' tribute album 100 % Scooter – Piano Only , a MC with the megamix and selected tracks from another tribute album Hands On Scooter , and a 112 paged photo book including photos from 25 years of the band , lyrics of all singles and discography . This edition is limited to 2000 copies .
LP : Olga Scheps – 100 % Scooter – Piano Only
MC : Exclusive Scooter MC
Charts
Olga Scheps – 100 % Scooter – Piano Only
100 % Scooter – Piano Only is a studio album by Russian-German classical pianist Olga Scheps , released on 15 December 2017 through Sheffield Tunes Classics and Kontor Records .
For track listing see above .
References
2017 compilation albums
Scooter ( band ) albums
His Majesty 's hired armed lugger Spider served the Royal Navy from 15 August 1795 to 4 April 1796 . She was armed with eighteen 4-pounder guns and had a burthen of 172 tons ( bm ) . She took part in one notable action before she was lost in a collision with the 74-gun .
Spiders commander was Acting-Lieutenant James Oswald , and she served in the squadron under Admiral Adam Duncan off the Texel where she performed reconnaissance duties .
On 13 August 1795 Spider captured the `` Neutral Vessel '' Maria , suggesting that she was already on active duty in advance of the formal contract .
Two days later Oswald discovered the Dutch fleet some 9–10 miles NW of Camperdown , and reported that fact and the number and types of vessels to Duncan on 17 August . When Admirals Duncan and Pringle set out after the Dutch , together with a Russian squadron , they found that the Dutch had returned to port .
Spiders the greatest moment occurred on 25 August . Spider sighted and engaged two French Navy brigs off the Texel until the squadron 's larger vessels could come up . Once the French brigs had struck , Spider took possession of one of them .
One brig was Suffisante , of fourteen 8 and 6-pounder guns , and the other was Victorieuse , of fourteen 12-pounder guns . They were heading into the North Sea on a cruise .
French records show that Suffisantes captain was lieutenant de vaisseau Nosten , and state that her actual captors were the 74-gun third-rate , the frigate , and the lugger Speedy . Apparently , Suffisante exchanged fire with the 20-gun lugger Speedy , but the arrival on the scene of Mars and Venus rendered further resistance futile . The Royal Navy took her into service as HMS Suffisante .
Victorieuses commander was lieutenant de vaisseau Salaun . The captors of Victorieuse were Duncan 's flagship , , and a frigate . Victorieuse too joined the Royal Navy , becoming HMS Victorieuse and serving until broken up in 1805 . Courts martial acquitted both Nosten and Salaun of the loss of their vessels . On 28 August Duncan wrote he had promoted Oswald to Lieutenant and confirmed him in command of Spider . Duncan 's squadron , including Spider , shared the prize money , which was ready for payment in April 1796 . In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the one surviving claimant from the action the Naval General Service Medal with clasp : `` Spider 25 Augt 1795 '' .
When Admiral Duncan rendezvoused in the Downs with his fleet , on 8 January 1806 , Spider , Daniel Falara , master , was sent to Guernsey to smuggle articles for the fleet , such as wine , spirits , hair powder , playing cards , etc . When she arrived at the Downs she started to unload her contraband cargo for the various ships but a customs and excise boat , William Wallace , master , followed her in and seized her . Customs found crates addressed to Duncan , William Pitt the Younger , and Henry Dundas . A few days later Wallace was ordered to release Spider and her cargo or lose his job .
On 4 April 1796 , Ramilies ran down and sank Spider . The fleet was tacking and Spiders master claimed that one of the larger ships had taken the wind out of her sails . Duncan , in writing of the loss , however , states that Oswald had run her aground in a chase . He further remarked that although Oswald would have to undergo the `` Ceremony of a Court Martial for the loss of his Lugger '' , Oswald was a promising officer deserving of encouragement and further command . Oswald did go on to rise to the rank of post captain .
Notes , citations , and references
Notes
Citations
References
Bradlaugh , Charles , Anthony Collins , John Watts ( 1858 ) Biographies of ancient and modern celebrated freethinkers : Reprinted from an English work , entitled `` Half-hours with the freethinkers . '' ( J. P. Mendum ) .
Fonds Marine . Campagnes ( opérations ; divisions et stations navales ; missions diverses ) . Inventaire de la sous-série Marine BB4 . Tome premier : BB1 à 209 ( 1780-1804 )
Duncan Camperdown ( 3d earl of ) , Robert Adam Philips Haldane ( 1898 ) Admiral Duncan . ( Longmans , Green , and Company ) .
1790s ships
Hired armed vessels of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1796
Deuterixys is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are about 18 described species in Deuterixys , found throughout most of the world .
Species
These 18 species belong to the genus Deuterixys :
Deuterixys anica Austin & Dangerfield , 1992
Deuterixys bennetti Whitfield , 1985
Deuterixys bifossalis Zeng & Chen , 2011
Deuterixys carbonaria ( Wesmael , 1837 )
Deuterixys colombiana Whitfield & Oltra , 2005
Deuterixys condarensis ( Tobias , 1960 )
Deuterixys curticalcar Zeng & Chen , 2011
Deuterixys erythrocephala Whitfield & Oltra , 2005
Deuterixys hansoni Whitfield & Oltra , 2005
Deuterixys pacifica Whitfield , 1985
Deuterixys patro ( Nixon , 1965 )
Deuterixys plugarui ( Tobias , 1975 )
Deuterixys quercicola Whitfield , 1985
Deuterixys rimulosa ( Niezabitowski , 1910 )
Deuterixys svetlanae Kotenko , 2007
Deuterixys tehuantepeca Whitfield & Oltra , 2005
Deuterixys tenuiconvergens Zargar & Gupta , 2019
Deuterixys x-formis Papp , 2012
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The Sainte-Anne River ( in French : rivière Sainte-Anne ) flows successively in the unorganized territory of Petit-Lac-Sainte-Anne and in the municipalities of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth , in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent , in Quebec , in Canada .
The Sainte-Anne river is a tributary of the east bank of Grande Rivière , which flows on the east bank of the Ouelle River which empties in turn on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River at the height of Rivière-Ouelle .
Geography
The Sainte-Anne River has its source at Petit lac Sainte-Anne ( length : ; altitude : ) which is connected to lac Saint-Anne ( length : ; altitude : ) , located to the west of the first . This last lake straddles the boundary between the municipality of Sainte-Perpétue . These two water bodies are interconnected by a long strait in an east–west direction . These bodies of water are part of the unorganized territory of Petit-Lac-Sainte-Anne , located in the heart of Notre Dame Mountains . This spring is located at south-east of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River , at south-east of the village center from Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth , to north-east of the village center of Sainte-Perpétue and to southeast of the village center of Mont-Carmel .
From the retention dyke at the north mouth of Petit lac Sainte-Anne , the Sainte-Anne river flows entirely through a forest environment over , divided into the following segments :
northward in the unorganized territory of Petit-Lac-Sainte-Anne , to the Étang de l'Écluse , which the current crosses northward on , up to its mouth located on the northwest side ;
towards the north-west , cutting the Canadian National railway line at the beginning of this segment , to the limit of the municipality of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth ;
westward into Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth , to its confluence .
The Sainte-Anne river flows on the east bank of La Grande Rivière . This confluence is located upstream of a bridge on Ixworth Road and to the southeast of the southern coast of the St. Lawrence River .
Toponymy
The toponym “ rivière Sainte-Anne ” was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
Yohai Aharoni ( יוחאי אהרוני ; born 8 June 1943 ) is an Israeli former footballer player and coach who played as a right winger . He is best known for playing in Hapoel Mahane Yehuda and Hapoel Petach Tikva in Israel 's prime league . On the Israel national team , Aharoni contributed to Israel 's only Asia Cup victory .
Club career
On 30 September 1967 , Aharoni scored the first goal in Hapoel Mahane Yehuda 's 5–2 defeat of Hapoel Ramat Gan in Israel 's first tier of that era , the Liga Leumit . In January 1968 , Hapoel Petach Tikva pressured Mahane Yehuda , through the Petah Tikva Worker 's Council of Israel 's largest trade union , to trade Aharoni against three specific players of their own . Mahane Yehuda refused the offer and Aharoni went on quarantine so he could be released from his club .
After the quarantine , in 1969–70 , Aharoni had 18 caps for Hapoel Petach Tikva , 17 of which were in the opening squad . His Hapoel Petach Tikva debut was on 18 October 1969 , in a 0–0 draw against Hapoel Haifa . In the summer of 1971 , after a season at Beitar Tel Aviv , he quit his playing career due to an injury .
International career
Aharoni earned five caps for the Israel national team , scoring one goal against India in the 1964 AFC Asian Cup . His first cap was on 26 May 1964 against the Hong Kong national team , a game that Israel won 1–0 . His last cap was a friendly game against the Netherlands on 26 January 1965 , ending in a 1–0 loss for Israel .
Managerial career
After his active playing career , Yohai Aharoni was a manager for Hapoel Mahane Yehuda , Hapoel Jaljulia , and Hapoel Aliyah Kfar Saba . He also coached in Rosh Haayin .
Legacy
In 2021 Aharoni was included in the Star Boulevard of Hapoel Mahane Yehuda , highlighting 12 footballers who starred for the club while it played in Israel 's prime league .
References
Living people
1943 births
Israeli footballers
Israeli football managers
Association football wingers
Israel international footballers
20th-century Israeli people
Beitar Tel Aviv F.C . players
Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C . players
Hapoel Mahane Yehuda F.C . players
Hapoel Mahane Yehuda F.C . managers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pitchcott is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . It is about northeast of Waddesdon , slightly less than south of Winslow and slightly more than north of Aylesbury . It is in the civil parish of Oving .
The parish is small , covering . The highest point is Pitchcott Hill , about above sea level . The village is on the eastern brow of the hill , between about and above sea level .
Archaeology
A Roman road called Carter 's Lane forms part of the parish 's western boundary with Quainton . There is some evidence of Roman occupation south of the village .
Pitchcott is a shrunken village : around the surviving settlement , to the southeast and in other directions , are medieval house platforms and traces of tracks . Southwest of the former parish church is a mound that may have been the base of a medieval windmill . The parish also has good examples of ridge and furrow , showing that in the Middle Ages some of the land now farmed as pasture used to be arable .
In 1927 only about were arable and was grassland . A transition from arable farming to sheep pasture in previous centuries , aided by enclosure , may explain why Pitchcott village shrank .
Manor
The toponym is derived from the Old English for `` cottage where pitch is stored '' . Pitchcott is not named in the Domesday Book of 1086 or in 12th-century records . In 1225 the manor was one fee of the Honour of Wallingford . In 1540 this was merged with the Honour of Ewelme in Oxfordshire , and the last mention of Pitchcott 's overlordship dates from 1550 .
In 1225 Pitchcott 's mesne lord was Roger Pipard and in 1284 it was held by Robert Pipard . In the 14th century it passed to the Earls of Hereford and in 1377 , four years after the death of Humphrey de Bohun , 7th Earl of Hereford it was held by his heirs in attachment to the manor of Great Haseley in Oxfordshire . The 7th Earl died with no male heir , so Pitchcott passed via his elder daughter Eleanor de Bohun to his granddaughter Anne of Gloucester , who became married to Edmund Stafford , 5th Earl of Stafford . The last known record of the mesne lordship is from 1400 , three years before Edmund Stafford died .
In 1225 Roger Pipard 's tenant was Richard Vernon of Haddon , Derbyshire . Both Haddon and Pitchcott remained in the Vernon family until Sir George Vernon died in 1566 , leaving them to his daughter , Margaret Stanley . In 1588 her son Edward mortgaged Pitchcott to Richard Saunders ( -1601 ) , whose family were the lords of several other manors in Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire , including the manor of Puttenham . The Saunders had established themselves in Buckinghamshire during the previous two centuries and Richard had married Elizabeth Blount , whose family were descendants of Sir Walter Blount ( -1403 ) . In the 17th century , Pitchcott manor passed to Richard Saunders ' eldest son , John Saunders , who had married Anne Hawtrey , the daughter of William Hawtrey ( -1597 ) of Chequers . John 's daughter Elizabeth had married Sir Walter Pye , and Sir Walter and Lady Elizabeth Pye conveyed Pitchcott manor to her uncles Sir Thomas and Francis Saunders . The manor was held in moieties by the two branches of the Saunders family . Francis Saunders was imprisoned briefly for debt and Sir Thomas Saunders ( 1593-1653 ) had to come to his aid . As part of the repayment , much of the lands and rights to the manor of Pitchcott were conveyed by Francis Saunders to Sir Thomas Saunders . Several members of the Saunders family served as High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire .
The branch of the Saunders family that descended from Sir Thomas Saunders ( 1593-1653 ) benefited from the majority of the income from the estate . Sir Thomas Saunders was listed as the Lord of the Manor of Pitchcott by Richard Grenville on his list of Buckinghamshire Gentry in 1640 . Thomas Saunders ( -1690 ) was the heir of Sir Thomas Saunders . Thomas had married Elizabeth Proby , a daughter of Sir Heneage Proby and the sister of
Sir Thomas Proby , 1st Baronet of Elton . His son , Sir Thomas Saunders ( 1665-1741 ) inherited the manor , although he resided at the other estate he possessed called Newland Park in Chalfont St Peter , Bucks . Both Pitchcott and Newland Park were held by several more generations of the descendants of Sir Thomas Saunders until a cousin , Gov . Thomas Saunders of Brill House ( 1713-1775 ) purchased their moiety . This Thomas Saunders had been President of Madras for the British East India Company and had built a substantial fortune during his tenure there . Thomas had married Christian Pitt , the niece of William Pitt , 1st Earl of Chatham , who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain . Thomas and Christian Saunders ' son , Thomas inherited the manor . Thomas had been an officer in the army but retired early and moved to Vienna . The running of the estate at Pitchcott was left to a manager , a Mr. Chaplin . Thomas died childless and the manor passed to his cousin , Thomas Saunders who died In 1831 . Pitchcott was divided between his two surviving sisters and two nieces . In 1852 their representatives sold Pitchcott to Mayer Amschel de Rothschild , but in 1853 he exchanged it with Christ Church , Oxford for property at Mentmore . Christ Church still held Pitchcott in the 1920s . The eldest male line of the Saunders family emigrated to Guelph in what was then Upper Canada in the mid 19th Century
Pitchcott held a manorial court in the 15th and 16th centuries .
Parish church
The 12th-century Church of England parish church of Saint Giles has been deconsecrated and converted to a private house , but the churchyard remains in use . Pitchcott is now part of the ecclesiastical parish of Oving with Pitchcott , for which the parish church is All Saints ' in Oving , northeast of Pitchcott .
The oldest part of St Giles ' is the nave , which is probably 12th-century . The chancel was built in the first half of the 13th century , and its south wall retains its two original lancet windows . The more easterly of the two windows has a low sill forming a sedile . In the east jamb of the westerly window was a 13th-century stone book-rest . The priest 's door on its south side of the chancel was inserted in about 1340 .
In the nave the present north doorway and the two south windows were inserted in the 15th century . The north doorway is now blocked . The west tower was added in the 15th century , and its upper stage was added or rebuilt in the 16th century . A datestone states that the south porch was built or rebuilt in 1662 . The church was over-restored in 1864 . The work included inserting two north windows in the nave to match the 15th-century south ones , and building a new chancel arch . The chancel east window has 19th-century stained glass .
St Giles ' has three bells in the tower and a sanctus bell . The second bell is inscribed `` Sent Luke Apostel , 1590 '' and may have been cast by Robert III Newcombe and Bartholomew Atton of Buckingham . The other two bells were cast by the Chandler family of bell-founders of Drayton Parslow : the treble in 1686 by an unknown member of the family and the tenor by George Chandler in 1717 . St Giles ' had two silver communion services : a paten and small chalice dating from 1569 , and an 1871 chalice with an 1884 paten .
The ecclesiastical parish of St Giles was united with that of All Saints , Oving in 1902 . By the end of 1967 St Giles ' had been deconsecrated and its fittings sold and dispersed . The stone book-rest in the chancel was removed to All Saints ' , Oving . St Giles ' was then converted into a private house . It is a Grade II * listed building .
John Womborn was parson of 'Pitchcote ' in 1401 .
Economic history
A datestone records that Manor Farmhouse was built in 1657 . The house has been altered in the 18th century and subsequently , and now has an irregular L-shaped plan . Lower Farmhouse is a symmetrical building dating from about 1830 .
A few barn conversions were made in 2007 .
References
Sources and further reading
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Jared Evan Moskowitz ( born December 18 , 1980 ) is an American politician who serves on the Broward County Commission for District 8 . He previously served as director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management from January 2019 to April 2021 . Prior to his appointment , he served in the Florida House of Representatives , representing the Coral Springs area in northern Broward County from 2012 to 2019 .
Early life and education
Moskowitz was born in Coral Springs in 1980 . He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from George Washington University and a Juris Doctor from the Shepard Broad Law Center at Nova Southeastern University .
Career
Moskowitz worked as an intern for Vice President Al Gore , served as an assistant on Joe Lieberman 's 2004 presidential campaign , and was one of Barack Obama 's Florida electors at the 2008 Democratic National Convention . While attending law school , Moskowitz was elected to the Parkland City Commission in 2006 and was re-elected in 2010 , serving until he resigned to run for the legislature in 2012 . While serving as a city commissioner , Moskowitz supported efforts to make the city more eco-friendly by providing subsidies to households that purchase low-flow toilets and showerheads , energy-efficient air conditioners , and hybrid cars . Following graduation , he started working for AshBritt Environmental as their director of government relations and general counsel .
Florida House of Representatives
When the state legislative districts were redrawn in 2012 , Moskowitz opted to run in the newly-drawn 97th district , which consisted of northern Broward County . He won the Democratic primary entirely uncontested , and advanced to the general election , where he faced James Gleason , the Republican nominee and a business owner who was an unsuccessful candidate for mayor of Coral Springs . The Sun-Sentinel praised both candidates as `` good choices for an open seat , '' but ultimately decided to endorse Moskowitz , declaring that his `` good grasp of statewide and local issues '' made him the better candidate . He ended up defeating Gleason in a landslide , winning with 69 % of the vote .
During his first term in the legislature , Moskowitz sponsored a memorial for Robert Levinson , who has been held as a hostage in Iran since 2007 , calling on `` Congress , the Obama administration and the Secretary of State 's office to work to get Levinson home . '' Moskowitz 's proposed memorial passed both houses of the legislature and was signed by Governor Rick Scott .
In 2014 and 2016 , Moskowitz was re-elected to the legislature without opposition .
In 2018 , following the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , Moskowitz helped draft the bipartisan Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Safety Act , which was the first comprehensive mental health , school safety , and gun control bill of its kind in over 20 years . This bill increased the age to purchase a firearm to 21 years old , created a three-day waiting period to purchase firearms , increased security requirements for public schools , funded centralized school safety surveillance programs , and improve mental health services for students .
Division of Emergency Management
On December 6 , 2018 , Governor-Elect Ron DeSantis announced he would appoint Moskowitz as director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management in his new administration . Moskowitz resigned from the House of Representatives and took office as DEM director on January 15 , 2019 .
Moskowitz took over Florida 's Division of Emergency Management during the recovery of Hurricane Michael , a category 5 storm that made landfall in Florida in October 2018 . Recovery efforts were notably slow during early recovery , and Moskowitz is credited with speeding up the recovery process and securing historic 90 % reimbursement from the federal government for all disaster assistance efforts .
In early April 2020 , Moskowitz made headlines when he complained that foreign countries were paying the American company 3M with higher cash to reroute millions of N95 masks destined for the state of Florida during the COVID-19 pandemic . He stated that `` For the last several weeks , we have had a boiler room chasing down 3M authorized distributors [ and ] brokers representing that they sell the N95 masks , only get to warehouses that are completely empty . '' He then said the 3M authorized U.S. distributors later told him the masks Florida contracted for never showed up because the company instead prioritized orders that come in later , for higher prices , from foreign countries ( including Germany , Russia , and France ) . As a result , Moskowitz highlighted the issue on Twitter , saying he decided to `` troll '' 3M .
Moskowitz led the department during the early distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine , creating an administrative network for all 67 Florida counties . He is credited with working with community organizations , including Black and Hispanic churches , HUD housing , and senior assisted living facilities , to efficiently vaccinate at-risk populations .
Moskowitz was called the `` Master of Disaster '' by several news publications for his handling of the pandemic .
On February 15 , 2021 , Moskowitz announced his resignation from the Division of Emergency Management , citing his desire to spend time with his father , who was battling pancreatic cancer . He officially left the Division in May 2021 .
On August 5 , 2021 , Moskowitz was appointed by Miami-Dade Mayor Daniella Levine-Cava to advise Miami-Dade 's COVID-19 response .
2022 congressional election
After incumbent congressman Ted Deutch announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022 , Moskowitz declared his candidacy for Florida 's 22nd congressional district .
References
External links
Jared Moskowitz for Congress campaign website
Florida House of Representatives - Jared Moskowitz
1980 births
2008 United States presidential electors
21st-century American politicians
Florida city council members
Florida Democrats
George Washington University alumni
Jewish American state legislators in Florida
Living people
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Nova Southeastern University alumni
People from Coral Springs , Florida
The 1955–56 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 45th since its establishment .
League table
References
1955–56 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
1
Chapman Elementary School may refer to :
Chapman Elementary School of the Portland Public Schools in Oregon
Chapman Elementary School in Spartanburg County School District 7 , South Carolina
Chapman Intermediate School , in Woodstock , Georgia
See also
Chapman High School ( disambiguation )
Chapman School of Seamanship , in Florida
Chapman University , in California
`` Under the Milky Way '' is a single by Australian alternative rock band The Church , released on 15 February 1988 , and appears on their fifth studio album Starfish . The song was written by bass guitarist and lead vocalist Steve Kilbey and his then-girlfriend Karin Jansson of Curious ( Yellow ) . It peaked at No . 22 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart , No . 24 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 , No . 25 on the New Zealand Singles Chart and appeared in the Dutch Single Top 100 . At the ARIA Music Awards of 1989 , the song won 'Single of the Year ' . It was issued simultaneously in both 7 '' vinyl and 12 '' vinyl formats by Arista Records ( internationally ) and Mushroom Records ( Australian region ) .
In 2006 , the song was remixed and released as Craig Obey vs The Church . It peaked at number 91 on the ARIA charts .
In January 2018 , as part of Triple M 's `` Ozzest 100 '' , the 'most Australian ' songs of all time , `` Under the Milky Way '' was ranked number 33 .
Background
In 1987 Australian alternative rock band The Church travelled to Los Angeles to record their fifth studio album , Starfish , and worked with producers Waddy Wachtel and Greg Ladanyi .
The Church 's line-up for the album was Steve Kilbey on bass guitar and lead vocals , Peter Koppes on guitars , Marty Willson-Piper on guitars , and Richard Ploog on drums and percussion . However , while recording `` Under the Milky Way '' , the band were unable to get a drum track which sounded right with Ploog , so they played to a click track and later session musician Russ Kunkel was brought in to add drums and percussion .
Composition
`` Under the Milky Way '' was written by Kilbey and Karin Jansson of Curious ( Yellow ) . Kilbey and Jansson had become friends in 1983 and lived together in Australia from 1986 . Kilbey said , `` I smoked a joint and started playing the piano and she came in the room and we just made it up . '' According to a press release issued with Starfish , the title is from an Amsterdam music and cultural venue , Melkweg ( Dutch for `` Milky Way '' ) , which Kilbey used to frequent .
`` Under the Milky Way '' features a 12-string acoustic guitar melody along with a solo composed with an EBow on a Fender Jazzmaster , and recorded on a Synclavier , leading to a sound reminiscent of bagpipes . In October 1990 Jansson told John Tingwell of Drum Media about songwriting with Kilbey `` it 's a very spontaneous thing . It 's not as if someone has put us together to write a hit song . It 's more like sometimes when we write together , a song comes knocking on the door '' . While in September 2008 Kilbey discussed the track with Iain Shedden of The Australian .
Release history
`` Under the Milky Way '' was released on 15 February 1988 in both 7 '' vinyl and 12 '' vinyl formats by Arista Records ( internationally ) and Mushroom Records ( Australian region ) . The Church 's fifth studio album , Starfish , was issued simultaneously with the single . In April the single was released in several formats worldwide including 7 '' , double 7 '' , 12 '' , CD single , and compact cassette , using at least five different cover art designs . The 12 '' B-sides were `` Musk '' and `` Warm Spell '' , whereas the 7 '' B-side was `` Musk '' . Different Spanish versions added either `` Anna Miranda '' or `` Perfect Child '' . The music video for the song featured on The Church 's video compilation Goldfish ( Jokes , Magic & Souvenirs ) .
An acoustic version was initially released as a single in multiple formats including 7 '' vinyl , CD single , and others . It also appears on the `` Sum Of The Parts '' promotional release and the 2 CD re-issue of the Starfish album .
Reception
On the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart `` Under the Milky Way '' peaked at No . 22 . However , it was not the band 's highest charting single : `` Almost with You '' ( 1982 ) and `` Metropolis '' ( 1990 ) charted at No . 21 and No . 19 , respectively , on the Australian charts . In the United States it reached No . 24 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No . 2 on the Mainstream Rock chart . Other charting peaks include No . 25 on the New Zealand Singles Chart , No . 69 on the Canadian RPM 100 , No . 70 on the Dutch Single Top 100 , and No . 90 in the United Kingdom .
At the ARIA Music Awards of 1989 `` Under the Milky Way '' won 'Single of the Year ' , though Kilbey refused to attend the award ceremony . He said , `` You will note that I did n't collect the award . I do n't give a fuck about winning that award . I 've been a big critic of the Australian music industry . I think the whole thing is utterly embarrassing and repulsive . ''
In 2006 Kilbey said of the recording , `` It 's actually flat lifeless 'n ' and sterile . Great song , sure , but the performance , the sounds are ordinary . We coulda got that in Australia in a week or two for a 20th of the money we spent . Hey , it 's sold almost a million in the US alone , but we 'll never see any money 'cause it cost so much to make '' . Kilbey 's assessment ignored its second life as a much-licensed track . In December 2011 , he told News Limited reporter , Cameron Adams :
`` There is almost nothing , except for maybe a cigarette ad , I 'd say no to 'Under the Milky Way ' being used for [ ... ] It was used for a car advertisement in America , very lucratively for me . You 'd think people would think it 's been overused , but the more it 's used the more people seem to want to use it . I 'm signing off all the time for TV shows or chocolate bars using it . Sure , have it , it 's just a song , do whatever you like with it . You can hear it was n't written for profit . It 's an accidental song I accidentally wrote and accidentally became a single and accidentally became a hit . It 's been a nice earner [ ... ] I 've written 2000 songs . Thank God one of them came through ! [ ... ] The others are n't pulling their weight . They sit and grumble about 'Under the Milky Way ' and I say , 'Well , boys , go out and earn the same dough as that one ' . I never see 'Under the Milky Way ' – it 's so busy out there working ... ''
In 2001 , the song was featured in the soundtrack for the movie Donnie Darko . In 2006 , it was performed with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra at the opening ceremony of the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne . Kilbey said after the performance that it was as if the song had been made for the occasion , though in his blog he was critical of the Commonwealth Games as an event . In September 2008 , readers of The Weekend Australian Magazine voted it as the best Australian song of the last 20 years . Sheet music for `` Under the Milky Way '' was published by Hal Leonard .
In October 2010 , The Church 's Starfish was listed in the top 40 in the book , 100 Best Australian Albums . The authors , John O'Donnell , Toby Creswell and Craig Mathieson , described `` Under the Milky Way '' as `` [ The Church 's ] signature track ... [ which ] caught them at their peak of guitar-fuelled creativity ... [ it is ] the elegiac centrepiece of the record ... sounded like an induction , with its soft , monkish keyboard washes and ringing guitar chords , but it never reaches the point of transition where one world gives way to the next ... possibly concerned with drugs , but it transcends any single setting or worldview '' .
Track listing
Charts
Cover versions
Sia recorded `` Under the Milky Way '' as a non-album single . It was released on 26 January 2010 .
In 2016 , Metric released a cover of `` Under the Milky Way '' for AmfAR The Foundation for AIDS Research 's benefit album The Time Is Now ! .
Strawpeople version
Strawpeople recorded it for the album Broadcast ( 1994 ) . It was released as a single and peaked at number 113 on the Australian singles chart in November 1995 .
References
External links
1988 singles
ARIA Award-winning songs
The Church ( band ) songs
Rock ballads
1987 songs
Songs written by Steve Kilbey
1980s ballads
Pop ballads
The Embassy of the People 's Republic of China in Ukraine ( ; ) is the diplomatic mission of the People 's Republic of China in Ukraine .
History
Following the Declaration of Independence of Ukraine on 24 August 1991 , the People 's Republic of China recognised Ukraine as a sovereign state on 27 December 1991 .
Diplomatic relations between Ukraine and China were established on 4 January 1992 .
The Embassy relocated to Lviv in March 2022 due to Russian invasion of Ukraine .
Ambassador
The Chinese Ambassador to Ukraine is the official representative of the People 's Republic of China to Ukraine .
List of representatives
See also
China-Ukraine relations
Foreign relations of China
Foreign relations of Ukraine
List of diplomatic missions in Ukraine
List of diplomatic missions of China
References
External links
Chinese Foreign Ministry about relations with Ukraine
Chinese embassy in Kyiv
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
China
Kiev
China–Ukraine relations
Hrushevsky Street ( Kyiv )
Polk County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 41,475 . The county seat is Cedartown . The county was created on December 20 , 1851 , by an act of the Georgia General Assembly and named after James K. Polk , the eleventh President of the United States .
Polk County comprises the Cedartown , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Most of eastern Polk County , centered on Rockmart , is located in the Etowah River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin ( Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin ) , while most western Polk County , centered on Cedartown , is located in the Upper Coosa River sub-basin of the same ACT River Basin . Small slivers of the southern edges of the county are located in the Upper Tallapoosa River sub-basin of the same larger ACT River Basin .
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Business
U.S. Route 278
U.S. Route 278 Business
State Route 1
State Route 1 Business
State Route 6
State Route 6 Business
State Route 100
State Route 101
State Route 113
Adjacent counties
Floyd County – north
Bartow County – northeast
Paulding County – east
Haralson County – south
Cleburne County , Alabama – southwest
Cherokee County , Alabama – west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 38,127 people , 14,012 households , and 10,340 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 15,059 housing units at an average density of 48 per square mile ( 19/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 80.52 % White , 13.34 % Black or African American , 0.22 % Native American , 0.31 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 4.62 % from other races , and 0.95 % from two or more races . 7.66 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 14,012 households , out of which 32.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.90 % were married couples living together , 13.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.20 % were non-families . 22.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.09 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.10 % under the age of 18 , 9.70 % from 18 to 24 , 28.80 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.20 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females , there were 99.20 males . For every 100 women age 18 and over , there were 95.70 men .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,328 , and the median income for a family was $ 37,847 . Males had a median income of $ 29,985 versus $ 21,452 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,617 . About 11.20 % of families and 15.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.70 % of those under age 18 and 12.60 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 41,475 people , 15,092 households , and 10,908 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 16,908 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.1 % white , 12.5 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 7.5 % from other races , and 1.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 17.2 % were English , 15.2 % were American , 13.0 % were Irish , and 5.3 % were German .
Of the 15,092 households , 38.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.5 % were married couples living together , 14.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 27.7 % were non-families , and 23.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.20 . The median age was 36.2 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,646 and the median income for a family was $ 43,172 . Males had a median income of $ 37,070 versus $ 27,758 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,214 . About 15.6 % of families and 19.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.4 % of those under age 18 and 10.5 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 42,853 people , 15,038 households , and 10,151 families residing in the county .
Recreation
Silver Comet Trail
Communities
Aragon
Braswell
Cedartown ( county seat )
Rockmart
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Polk County , Georgia
References
External links
Polk County Historical Society
Polk County Genealogy
Polk County Courthouse – Carl Vinson Institute of Government , University of Georgia
Polk County Tourism website – Polk on Purpose !
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1851 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Polk
Northwest Georgia ( U.S . )
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1851
Aprophata semperi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by John O. Westwood in 1863 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1863
The 1940–41 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 33rd since its establishment .
Overview
South China won the title .
Overview
South China won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
First
The Collectors Club , often referred to as the Collectors Club of New York , is a private club and philatelic society in New York City . Founded in 1896 , it is one of the oldest existing philatelic societies in the United States . Its stated purpose is `` to further the study of philately , promote the hobby and provide a social , educational , and non-commercial setting for the enthusiastic enjoyment of our common passion '' .
In its building at 22 East 35th Street in Manhattan , the club maintains a philatelic library of approximately 150,000 volumes which are available for research or study by scholars , historians , and philatelists . The Collectors Club Philatelist , published by the club since 1922 , is currently published bi-monthly and contains scholarly articles on philatelic subjects .
Clubhouse
The club is located in a five-story brownstone at 22 East 35th Street between Madison and Park Avenues in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City . It was originally the house of Thomas and Fanny Clarke and was built in 1901–02 , designed by the firm of McKim , Mead & White , with Stanford White as the partner in charge . The architecture is a combination of Colonial Revival style with medieval-inspired windows which recall those of Richard Norman Shaw , the avant-garde British architect of the late 19th century .
The building was purchased by the Collectors Club in 1937 , and was designated a New York City landmark on September 11 , 1979 .
Members
The Collectors Club membership of over 750 includes stamp collectors from the tri-state area of New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut , as well as members elsewhere in the United States and in other countries .
Many prominent and world-famous philatelists have been members , including : Alfred F. Lichtenstein , Harry Lindquist , John Luff , John Walter Scott of Scott catalogue fame , Lawrence L. Shenfield , John J. Britt and Theodore E. Steinway . Prominent stamp collectors named as honorary members include Franklin D. Roosevelt and the 26th Earl of Crawford .
Awards
The Alfred F. Lichtenstein Memorial Award for Distinguished Service to Philately , established in 1952 in honor of Alfred F. Lichtenstein , is an award issued annually by the club to a living individual for outstanding service to philately .
See also
Collectors Club of Chicago
List of American gentlemen 's clubs
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan from 14th to 59th Streets
National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County , New York
References
Notes
External links
Collectors Club video channel Vimeo
Clubs and societies in New York City
New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan
McKim , Mead & White buildings
Murray Hill , Manhattan
Philatelic organizations based in the United States
Gentlemen 's clubs in New York City
The 51st New York Infantry Regiment ( or Shepard Rifles ) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 51st New York Infantry was organized at New York City , New York beginning July 27 , 1861 and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on October 23 , 1861 under the command of Colonel Edward Ferrero .
The regiment was attached to Reno 's 2nd Brigade , Burnside 's North Carolina Expeditionary Corps , to April 1862 . 2nd Brigade , 2nd Division , Department of North Carolina , to July 1862 . 2nd Brigade , 2nd Division , IX Corps , Army of the Potomac , to April 1863 . Army of the Ohio to June 1863 . Army of the Tennessee to August 1863 . Army of the Ohio , to September 1863 . District of North Central Kentucky , 1st Division , XXIII Corps , Army of the Ohio , to February 1864 . 2nd Brigade , 2nd Division , IX Corps , Army of the Potomac , to April 1864 . 1st Brigade , 2nd Division , IX Corps , Army of the Potomac , to May 26 , 1864 . Engineers , 2nd Division , IX Corps , to July 2 , 1864 . 1st Brigade , 2nd Division , IX Corps , to July 1865 .
The 51st New York Infantry mustered out of service on July 25 , 1865 .
Detailed service
Left State for Annapolis , Md. , October 29 . Duty at Annapolis , Md. , until January 6 , 1862 . Burnside 's Expedition to Hatteras Inlet and Roanoke , Island , N.C. , January 6-February 7 , 1862 . Battle of Roanoke Island February 8 . Duty at Roanoke Island until March 11 . Movement to New Bern , N.C. , March 11–13 . Battle of New Bern March 14 . Expedition to Elizabeth City April 17–19 . Duty at New Bern until July . Moved to Newport News , Va. , July 6–9 , then to Fredericksburg August 2–4 . Marched to the relief of Pope , August 12–15 . Pope 's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2 . Kelly 's Ford August 21 . Sulphur Springs August 23–24 . Plains of Manassas August 27–29 . Battle of Groveton August 29 . Second Battle of Bull Run August 30 . Chantilly September 1 . Maryland Campaign September 6–22 . Battle of Frederick City September 12 . Battle of South Mountain September 14 . Battle of Antietam September 16–17 . At Pleasant Valley until October 27 . Marched to Falmouth , Va. , October 27-November 17 . Jefferson November 11 . Sulphur Springs November 13 . Warrenton November 15 . Battle of Fredericksburg December 12–15 . `` Mud March '' January 20–24 , 1863 . Moved to Newport News , Va. , February 19 , then to Covington and Paris , Ky. , March 26-April 1 . Moved to Mt . Sterling , Ky. , April 3 , to Lancaster May 6–7 , and to Crab Orchard May 23 . Movement to Vicksburg , Miss. , June 3–17 . Siege of Vicksburg June 17-July 4 . Advance on Jackson , Miss. , July 5–10 . Siege of Jackson July 10–17 . Destruction of railroad at Madison Station July 19–22 . At Milldale until August 6 . Moved to Cincinnati , Ohio , August 6–20 , then to Nicholasville , Ky. Provost duty in District of Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to February 1864 . Veterans on furlough March–April . Moved to Annapolis , Md. , and rejoined corps . Campaign from the Rapidan to the James May 3-June 15 . Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7 . Spotsylvania May 8–12 . Po River May 10 . Ny River May 12 . Spotsylvania Court House May 12–21 . Assault on the Salient May 22 . North Anna River May 23–26 . online of the Pamunkey May 26–28 . Totopotomoy May 28–31 . Cold Harbor June 1–12 . Bethesda Church June 1–3 . Before Petersburg June 16–18 . Siege of Petersburg June 16 , 1864 to April 2 , 1865 . Mine Explosion , Petersburg , July 30 , 1864 . Weldon Railroad August 18–21 . Poplar Grove Church , Peeble 's Farm September 29-October 2 . Boydton Plank Road , Hatcher 's Run , October 27–28 . Fort Stedman , Petersburg , March 25 , 1865 . Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9 . Assault on and fall of Petersburg April 2 . Pursuit of Lee to Farmville April 3–9 . Moved to Petersburg , then to City Point and Washington , D.C. , April 20–28 . Grand Review of the Armies May 23 . Duty at Washington , D.C. , and Alexandria , Va. , until July .
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 378 men during service ; 9 officers and 193 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 2 officers and 174 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel Edward Ferrero
Colonel Robert Brown Potter
Colonel Charles Le Gendre
Colonel Gilbert McKibben
Colonel John Gibson Wright
Notable members
Sergeant Orlando E. Caruana , Company K - Medal of Honor recipient for actions at the Battle of New Bern and the Battle of South Mountain
George Whitman brother of Walt Whitman .
See also
List of New York Civil War regiments
New York in the Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Memoirs of the late Adjt . Andrew L. Fowler , of the 51st N.Y.V. , Who Fell at the Battle of Antietam Bridge , September 17th , 1862 ( New York : Ferris & Pratt , Book and Job Printers ) , 1863 .
Quarter-Century Banquet of the 51st Regiment N.Y . Volunteers ( Shepard Rifles ) , 29th October , 1886 ( New York : Veteran Association ) , 1886 .
Whitman , George Washington . Civil War Letters of George Washington Whitman ( Durham , NC : Duke University Press ) , 1975 .
Attribution
External links
Regimental color of the 51st New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry
Guidons of the 51st New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry
51st New York Infantry monument at Antietam Battlefield
Military units and formations established in 1861
1861 establishments in New York ( state )
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Infantry 051
Chinchilla rats or chinchillones are members of the family Abrocomidae . This family has few members compared to most rodent families , with only nine known living species . They resemble chinchillas in appearance , with a similar soft fur and silvery-grey color , but have a body structure more like a short-tailed rat . They are social , tunnel-dwelling animals , and live in the Andes Mountains of South America . They are probably herbivorous , although this is not clear .
They can be described as medium-sized . Stiff hairs project over the three middle digits of the rear feet . Their massive skulls narrow in the facial areas . Some molecular work suggests that , despite their appearance , they may be more closely related to octodontoids such as degus , nutria , and tuco-tucos than they are to chinchillas and viscachas .
Etymology
The family name is derived from the Ancient Greek word ἁβροκόμης ( habrokomēs , `` with delicate hair '' ) . The word ἁβρός ( habros ) means `` delicate , graceful '' and the word κόμη ( komē ) means `` hair '' .
Species
Family Abrocomidae - chinchilla rats
†Protabrocoma
†Protabrocoma antigua
Abrocoma
A. bennettii - Bennett 's chinchilla rat
A. boliviensis - Bolivian chinchilla rat
A. budini - Budin 's chinchilla rat
A. cinerea - ashy chinchilla rat
A. famatina - Famatina chinchilla rat
A. schistacea - Sierra del Tontal chinchilla rat
A. uspallata - Uspallata chinchilla rat
A. vaccarum - Punta de Vacas chinchilla rat or Mendozan chinchilla rat
Cuscomys
C. ashaninka - Asháninka arboreal chinchilla rat
C. oblativus - Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat
References
Citations
Bibliography
Braun , J. K. and M. A . Mares . 2002 . Systematics of the Abrocoma cinerea species complex ( Rodentia : Abrocomidae ) , with a description of a new species of Abrocoma . Journal of Mammalogy , 83:1-19 .
Emmons , L. H. 1999 . A new genus and species of abrocomid rodent from Peru ( Rodentia : Abrocomidae ) . American Museum Novitas , 3279:1-14 .
External links
Animal Diversity web site 's chinchilla rat information
ITIS entry for Abrocomidae
Extant Miocene first appearances
Taxa named by Gerrit Smith Miller
Taxa named by James W. Gidley
VNL may refer to :
Atomistix Virtual NanoLab
von Neumann-Landauer , see Reversible computing
Video Networks Limited ( 1992–2006 ) , Britisch company acquired by Tiscali in 2006
Victorian Netball League
VNL , a numerics library , part of the VXL collection
For the Netherlands ( ) , Dutch political party established by Groep Bontes/Van Klaveren
Victor Nilsson Lindelöf , Swedish footballer currently playing for Manchester United
FIVB Volleyball Nations League ( Men 's ) ( Women 's )
Liberty County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2020 census , the population is 65,256 . The county seat is River City .
Liberty County is part of the River City , Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Savannah-River City-Statesboro , Georgia Combined Statistical Area .
History
Liberty County was established in 1777 . It is named for the American ideal of liberty . Sunbury was first designated the county seat in 1784 . In 1797 , the seat was transferred to Riceboro , and in 1837 it was transferred again to River City .
1922 lynching
On July 1 , 1922 , James Harvey and Joe Jordan , two African American men , were lynched by a mob of about 50 people in Liberty County during an escort by police from Jesup , Georgia to a jail in Savannah , Georgia . The event drew condemnation from both the local black community and from several prominent white citizens , with the preacher at Midway Methodist Church denouncing the acts and publishing a widely circulated letter condemning the Wayne County officials of being complicit in the murders . The incident prompted an investigation by the NAACP , and in total , 22 men were indicted , with four being convicted .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 18.7 % ) is water .
The eastern and southern portion of Liberty County is located in the Ogeechee Coastal sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin . The northern and western portion of the county is located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 95
U.S. Route 17
U.S. Route 84
State Route 25
State Route 38
State Route 38 Connector
State Route 119
State Route 144
State Route 196
State Route 405 ( unsigned designation for I-95 )
Adjacent counties
Chatham County - northeast
Bryan County - north
McIntosh County - south
Long County - west
Evans County - northwest
Tattnall County - northwest
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 61,610 people , 19,383 households , and 15,138 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 21,977 housing units at an average density of 42 per square mile ( 16/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 46.64 % White , 42.84 % Black or African American , 0.52 % Native American , 1.76 % Asian , 0.43 % Pacific Islander , 4.43 % from other races , and 3.37 % from two or more races . 8.15 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
According to 2005 Census Estimates Liberty County had a population that was 44.5 % African-American , 44.4 % Non-Hispanic white , 7.2 % Latino , 3.1 % non-Hispanics who reported multiple races , 1.9 % Asian and 0.5 % of both Native Americans and Pacific Islanders .
Of the 19,383 households 50.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.60 % were married couples living together , 14.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 21.90 % were non-families . 16.60 % of households were one person and 3.20 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.29 .
The age distribution was 32.00 % under the age of 18 , 17.90 % from 18 to 24 , 33.90 % from 25 to 44 , 12.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 3.90 % 65 or older . The median age was 25 years . For every 100 females , there were 111.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 115.10 males .
The median household income was $ 33,477 and the median family income was $ 35,031 . Males had a median income of $ 25,305 versus $ 20,765 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,855 . About 13.50 % of families and 15.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.20 % of those under age 18 and 19.90 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
At the 2010 census , there were 63,453 people , 22,155 households , and 16,566 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 26,731 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 47.1 % white , 42.2 % black or African American , 2.0 % Asian , 0.6 % Pacific islander , 0.6 % American Indian , 2.9 % from other races , and 4.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 8.8 % were German , 6.9 % were Irish , and 6.0 % were American .
Of the 22,155 households , 45.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.0 % were married couples living together , 21.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , 25.2 % were non-families , and 20.7 % of households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.18 . The median age was 27.9 years .
The median household income was $ 42,674 and the median family income was $ 46,818 . Males had a median income of $ 35,881 versus $ 31,159 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,662 . About 15.0 % of families and 17.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 26.2 % of those under age 18 and 13.4 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 65,256 people , 23,485 households , and 16,657 families residing in the county .
Communities
Cities
Allenhurst
Flemington
Springfield
River City ( county seat )
Midway
Riceboro
Walthourville
Census-designated place
Fort Stewart
Unincorporated communities
Sunbury
Fleming
Limerick
McIntosh
Seabrook
Education
Liberty County School District is the designated school district for grades K-12 for the county , except parts in Fort Stewart . Fort Stewart has the Department of Defense Education Activity ( DoDEA ) as its local school district , for the elementary level . Students at the secondary level on Fort Stewart attend public schools operated by county school districts .
The Liberty district operates public schools , including the comprehensive high school Liberty County High School and the Bradwell Institute , as well as its educative middle schools Midway Middle School , Lewis Frasier Middle School , and Snelson-Golden Middle School .
They also provide a career academy , Liberty College & Career Academy ( LCCA ) , for extra academics where students study for a profession they could seek out in the future .
In the media
The 2014 independent film , A Promise , was filmed in Liberty County .
Politics
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Liberty County , Georgia
References
General
Specific
Georgia Encyclopedia entry for Liberty County , Georgia
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1777 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1777
Hinesville metropolitan area
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Jorien van den Herik ( born 11 November 1943 in Sliedrecht ) is a Dutch businessman . He is most widely known as the former chairman of Dutch football club Feyenoord Rotterdam between 1992 and 2006 .
Van den Herik helped Feyenoord to purchase some players in 1984 as chairman of the `` Friends of Feyenoord Group '' . In a few years time he had invested 3 million Dutch guldens in the club . In 1989 he became president of the Stadion Feyenoord NV . When Feyenoord almost was bankrupt due to their sponsor HCS , Van den Herik claimed his position in the Feyenoord board by saying `` If I lose my money , I would like to be there myself '' . In 1992 , he became Feyenoord 's chairman by taking over from .
In 1998 the Fiscal Intelligence and Investigation Service ( FIOD ) visited Feyenoord because of suspected fraud . Mainly based on the signings of Aurelio Vidmar , Christian Gyan and Patrick Allotey . This became a continuous subject in the years to come with Van den Herik as the main suspect . After several visits in court Van den Herik and Feyenoord were found to be not guilty in 2002 . The Attorney General however appealed , but in 2005 , after three years of investigations the results stayed the same . They still did not give up and went into cassation . On 19 December 2006 Van den Herik and Feyenoord came out of court as the winners again and this time it was the final decision . Van den Herik has already said he will take the Attorney General to court to reclaim the damage his personality has received in all these years .
The 2005/06 season ended in disappointment for Feyenoord . The team was challenging the Dutch Championship for most of the season , but eventually lost it to PSV Eindhoven . The newly born Dutch play-offs ( held for the first time that year ) then became fatal for Feyenoord . Ajax Amsterdam which ended on a fair distance in the regular league was Feyenoord 's opponent in the play-offs and overclassed them and Feyenoord was eliminated for winning an UEFA Champions League ticket . During the summer break Feyenoord had to sell two of their key players , Salomon Kalou and the very popular Dirk Kuyt . Only a small amount of the money became available to invest in new players . When Angelos Charisteas was signed from arch rivals Ajax to replace Dirk Kuyt hundreds of die-hard fans moved to the Feyenoord board to force Van den Herik to resign . Van den Herik stayed at the team and did not want to give up his position , unless the growing pressure , the underperforming of the team and several other problems that had not been solved yet . In the meanwhile Feyenoord was placed under special guardianship because of their financial problems . A group of some Feyenoord icons , with former chairman Gerard Kerkum as their leader , operated under the name of `` Commissie Kerkum '' to restructure Feyenoord 's future . In December 2006 they published their thoughts and came to the conclusion that Van den Herik should leave the club . Still Van den Herik did not want to leave , however after hooligan incidents in Nancy and the growing pressure he announced his retirement in mid December . Van den Herik himself said not the thoughts of the Commissie Kerkum were the key factor for his decision , but the upcoming final result in the fraud case was . After the case was finished in December 2006 - Van den Herik was acquitted - he stepped down .
In the summer transfer window of 2007 , Feyenoord surprised friend and foe with the signing of big names like Roy Makaay and Giovanni van Bronckhorst . According to player manager Rob Jansen , Van den Herik played an important role in the realization of the transfers .
Feyenoord 's honours under Jorien van den Herik
Eredivisie Championships :
1993 , 1999
KNVB Cups :
1992 , 1994 , 1995
Supercup :
1999
UEFA Cup :
2002
References
1943 births
Living people
Dutch businesspeople
Dutch football chairmen and investors
Feyenoord non-playing staff
People from Sliedrecht
Andrée Belle ( ? – ? ) was a French painter .
Andrée Belle was born in Paris .
She was a pupil of Jean-Charles Cazin ( 1840–1901 ) . She painted in oils and pastels , landscapes especially , of which she exhibited seventeen in June , 1902 . The larger part of these were landscape portraits . The subjects were well represented , and the various hours of day , with characteristic lighting , unusually well rendered . At the Salon des Beaux Arts , 1902 , this artist exhibited a large pastel , `` A Halt at St. Mammes '' and a `` Souvenir of Bormes '' , showing the tomb of Cazin . In 1903 , she exhibited a pastel called `` Calvary , '' which became part of the collection of the Musée de Picardie at Amiens ; it was praised for its harmony of color and the manner in which the rainbow is represented . Her pictures of `` Twilight '' and `` Sunset `` are unusually successful . She was a member of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts .
References
Painters from Paris
French women painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French women artists
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Jean-Paul Elkann ( 28 December 1921 , Paris – 23 November 1996 , Paris ) was a French banker , and President of Compagnie Financière Jean-Paul Elkann ( CFJPE ) .
Biography
Paris
Jean-Paul Elkann was the son of Montbéliard-born industrialist Armand Elkann ( 1882–1962 ) and his wife Berthe Bloch .
Jean-Paul was raised in Lycée Janson de Sailly in Paris . He was admitted to study at Polytechnique in 1940 but left France with his family to escape the anti-Jewish persecutions .
Refugee in New York
He continued his studies in the US and received a Bachelor of Science degree from Columbia Business School in 1943 while living at The Pierre hotel in New York City .
Therefore , with his father Armand Elkann entered in the metallurgical industry . Soon after he became the owner and president of the company Vanadium Steel Italiana ( from 1948 ) and Vanadium Alloys Steel Canada ( since 1950 ) and Vice President Vanadium Alloys Steel ( USA ) ( from 1953 ) .
Return to Paris
Finally , Jean-Paul Elkann returned to France in 1953 and went into the fragrance industry . In 1962 , he became the president of Parfums Caron . Thereafter , then he became the vice president of Parfums Givenchy ( 1980–1983 ) , director of Christian Dior SA Group and director of several major French companies .
He was also the president of the Consistoire israélite de Paris from 1967 to 1982 and then chairman of the Israelite Central Consistory of France from 1982 to 1992 and interim president of the Conseil Représentatif des Institutions juives de France ( CRIF ) in late 1982 , replacing Alain de Rothschild who died of a heart attack in October 1982 .
Although being himself a non-practical Jew , he supported the Orthodox movement . And , as quoted Chief Rabbi Michel Gugenheim , Jean Paul Elkann told the leader of the Jewish Reform movement in the United States , Alexander Schindler :
`` The only difference between you and me , Mr. rabbi , is that I violate the law , but I do not change it , and you want to change the law. ``
He was also the vice president of the France-Israel Chamber of Commerce , the chairman of the Association de coopération économique France-Israël , Haifa Technion governor , administrator of Yabné school and administrator of the Alliance Israelite Universelle and vice Chairman of the Social Action Committee Israelite de Paris ( CASIP ) .
In addition to his business career , he served on the board of overseers of Columbia Business School .
Personal life
He married in New York with Carla Ovazza ( 1922–2000 ) , heir to a Jewish banking family of Turin and Ettore Ovazza 's niece , whom he met at Columbia University . They have a son Alain Elkann , born in New York in 1950 , who in 1975 married to the influential Italian industrialist and principal shareholder of Fiat , Gianni Agnelli 's daughter , Margherita Agnelli , from which Alain have three descendants , John Elkann , Lapo Elkann and Ginevra Elkann . Since Edoardo Agnelli 's mysterious passing , Gianni Agnelli chose John Elkann as the heir for the family estate .
Jean-Paul after divorce , remarried in November 9 , 1953 , with Francoise Schuhl , with whom he has a daughter Brigitte Elkann .
Honours
Commandeur de la Légion d'honneur , 1988
National Order of Merit ( France ) , 1996
References
French bankers
Clothing companies of France
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Vanadium
20th-century French Jews
1921 births
1996 deaths
Columbia Business School alumni
The yellow-bellied longbill or green-crowned longbill ( Toxorhamphus novaeguineae ) is a species of bird in the family Melanocharitidae .
It is found in New Guinea .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
yellow-bellied longbill
Birds of New Guinea
yellow-bellied longbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Samuel Cass ( 1 May 1908–1975 ) was a Canadian rabbi . He `` was among the first Canadian-born rabbis to occupy a Canadian pulpit '' .
Born in Toronto , Cass studied at the City College of New York and the Jewish Theological Seminary . He served as rabbi at the Congregation Beth Israel in Vancouver from 1933 until 1941 . He briefly served a congregation in Seattle before enlisting as a chaplain in the Canadian Army during the Second World War . After the liberation of Belgium he organized a Hanukkah party for Jewish orphans in Antwerp . He also delivered Shabbat services for survivors at Westerbork .
After leaving the army , Cass became director of the B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation at McGill University . He later worked at the Miriam Home for the Exceptional in Montreal . Cass , his wife , and his son were killed in an automobile accident in 1975 .
References
Further reading
External links
Photo of Cass from Library and Archives Canada
1908 births
1975 deaths
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Canadian rabbis
Male prostitution in Bangladesh is not recognized in any official capacity within the country 's laws and penal code . Despite this , many Bangladeshi men engage in the practice of selling sex . In most instances , male sex workers have sexual encounters with male clients . As Bangladesh is a majority Muslim and socially conservative country , homosexuality is typically discouraged and considered taboo . These negative attitudes towards homosexuality often force male sex workers to be extremely covert . Stigma surrounding male sex work and homosexuality also means that boys who are sex trafficked in Bangladesh are hard to identify and protect under Bangladeshi laws , male sex work is limited to less policed venues ( such as the internet ) , and health outreach to the male sex worker population is extremely difficult .
Laws and penal code
Selling sex in a private setting is legal in Bangladesh . Buying sex is also legal . However , buying sex and soliciting in public is illegal .
Penal code sections relevant to sex work :
Section 366A — Procuring a minor girl ( under the age of eighteen ) to go from any place or to do any act in which that girl may be forced or seduced to illicit intercourse with another person is punishable with imprisonment ( max ten years ) and liable to a fine .
Section 373 — Obtaining possession of any person under the age of eighteen with the intent of using such person for the purpose of prostitution or illicit intercourse is punishable with imprisonment ( max ten years ) and liable to a fine .
Explanation I : Any prostitute or any person keeping or managing a brothel , who obtains possession of a female under the age of eighteen years shall be presumed to have obtained possession of such female with the intent to use her for prostitution .
Many of the protective laws regarding sex trafficking and sex work use gendered language , specifically mentioning females/girls and not males or nonbinary individuals . While more inclusive language exists in legislation such as The Prevention and Suppression of Human Trafficking Act ( 2012 ) the legal implications for male sex workers and/or male sex trafficking victims within these protective laws are still unclear .
Section 377 — Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal , shall be punished with imprisonment for life , or with imprisonment of max ten years , and shall also be liable to a fine .
The scope of Section 377 includes any kind of penetration . This means that all homosexual acts are punishable by up to life imprisonment . The same goes for heterosexual acts not relevant to natural reproduction , such as anal penetration and fellatio .
While homosexual acts are criminal in Bangladesh , there is a certain level of tolerance for non-heterosexual relationships as long as they remain private . Bangladeshi men and women are expected to maintain heteronormative relationships in public .
Terminology
A good portion of Bangladeshi male sex workers consider themselves kothis . The term kothi refers to a feminized man who enjoy sex as if he were women . Kothis predominate the male commercial sex industry in Bangladesh , while a majority of commercial sex clients are considered pantis . A panti is a term used for gender conforming men who prefer penetrating other men during sex ( typically kothis ) . The term giraya is also used for male sex workers , but focuses on men who behave and appear traditionally masculine , as opposed to more feminine kothis .
The use of English terminology such as “ gay ” and “ homosexual ” is uncommon in Bangladesh .
Popular attitudes about male sex work
Traditionally masculine roles are strongly emphasized in Bangladeshi culture . This includes heterosexual relationships , meaning that most men end up marrying women , regardless of their sexual orientation . Because homosexuality is considered immoral and illegal , many male sex workers who have sex with men ( commonly referred to as “ MSMs ” in research ) tend to keep female wives and sexual partners in order to maintain the status quo .
This emphasis on marriage unions between men and women stems from Bangladesh 's Islamic culture . In Islam , marriage is considered the only legitimate way to achieve sexual satisfaction , especially for the purposes of starting a family . Sexual relations outside of a marriage and/or with the opposite sex are considered serious sins . Kothis tend to have the hardest time conforming to Bangladesh 's culture of heterosexual marriage , as they are the most socially and sexually divergent from heterosexual men .
The intense stigma around homosexuality in Bangladesh often leads to violence and abuse against male sex workers . Many male sex workers report instances of gender-based violence ( harassment , blackmail , mistreatment by police ) , physical violence ( beating , torture ) , sexual violence ( rape , refusal to wear a condom ) , and verbal abuse ( name-calling , verbal insults ) .
Many Bangladeshi male sex workers cite social marginalization as the reason they can not secure jobs outside of sex work . Because many of these workers identify as homosexual and/or have more feminine personalities , they do not fit into the typical male archetype and are often turned away by employers . This reinforces their alienated status within Bangladeshi society .
There is not much research on male sex workers who entertain female clients .
Links to child sex trafficking
It is not uncommon for underage boys to be sex trafficked within Bangladesh . Male children are usually trafficked within the country or sold outside of the country . Within Bangladesh , many young boys start selling sex after being sexually assaulted . Because of the country 's gender norms , boys can have trouble understanding and communicating experiences of sexual assault ( either due to lack of knowledge or embarrassment ) . After having sex at a young age , boys of usually low socioeconomic standing begin to exchange sex for money . Boys trafficked outside of Bangladesh are typically sent to the U.A.E . or Qatar to work as camel jockeys , where it is not uncommon for them to be sexually exploited by older men . Bangladeshi boys are also trafficked to nearby countries like India and Pakistan .
Heteronormative regulation surrounding sex trafficking tends to exclude boys . This might be due to the fact that , in Bangladesh , males are seen as perpetrators of sexual coercion and trafficking , not victims .
Using the internet
Because men are typically not welcomed into brothels or more visible places for sex work , the internet has become a popular venue for male sex work . This is especially true for young , gay men seeking financial rewards from older men . As the use of cyberspace continues to increase in Bangladesh , it has become clear how closely the country 's economy is intertwined with sexuality . Because unemployment is high among young , homosexual men , many of them turn to online forums to exchange sex for money and other resources .
These online forums allow for safer sex work practices . Male buyers and sellers are able to control where and when they meet , and this allows for trust to be established before taking the relationship further .
Health concerns
Male sex workers often face social , legal , and economic barriers that prevent them from receiving medical care and learning safe sex practices . Many Bangladeshi male sex workers are unable to seek information about sexually transmitted diseases , such as HIV or syphilis . As homosexuality is a criminal offense in Bangladesh , health outreach programs face similar obstacles when trying to educate male sex workers about the importance of safe sex . Condom use among Bangladeshi male sex workers is very low . As a result , male sex workers remain at high risk for contracting sexually transmitted diseases , particularly syphilis . HIV has a low prevalence among male sex workers , but the low frequency of condom use leaves high potential for a future HIV epidemic .
Another major health concern is drug use . Methamphetamine is commonly taken ( termed Yaba by Bangladeshi male sex workers ) . The majority of male sex workers take Yaba to help increase revenue : Yaba allows them to see more clients by lessening pain during anal sex , helping them stay awake for longer periods of time , and ultimately curbing much of the psychological and emotional pressure that comes with being a sex worker . Male sex workers take Yaba to alleviate both the physical and mental pains they endure , making their work life smoother and more profitable .
References
Law of Bangladesh
Society of Bangladesh
Sex industry
Wasan Samarnsin ( , born November 13 , 1992 ) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Thai League 2 club Nakhon Si United .
Honours
Muangthong United
Thai League 1 ( 1 ) : 2016
Thai League Cup ( 1 ) : 2016
References
External links
http : //player.7mth.com/536327/index.shtml
1992 births
Living people
Wasan Samarnsin
Association football midfielders
Wasan Samarnsin
Wasan Samarnsin
Wasan Samarnsin
Wasan Samarnsin
Charles Richard Chapman ( November 23 , 1827 – January 25 , 1897 ) was an American lawyer and politician who was Mayor of Hartford , Connecticut , and served in both houses of the Connecticut legislature .
Early life
Chapman was born in New Haven , Connecticut to Charles Chapman and Sarah Tomlinson . In 1829 he moved to Hartford with his family , where he continued to reside until his death . He graduated from Trinity College in 1847 , studied law for a year in Northampton , Massachusetts , and completed his legal studies in Now York in the office of John Van Buren , son of President Martin Van Buren .
Career
A Democrat , in 1856 , he became a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives . In 1857 he became a member of the State senate representing the first senatorial district . He was mayor of the city of Hartford from 1866 to 1872 . In 1872 he was again a member of the House of Representatives . He was a city attorney of the city of Hartford and postmaster from June 1885 to March 1890 .
Personal life
On May 1 , 1855 , Chapman married Mrs. Harriet Putnam Thomas .
Death
Chapman died at his home in Hartford on January 25 , 1897 , and is interred at Cedar Hill Cemetery .
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
Connecticut State Library
1827 births
1897 deaths
Connecticut state senators
Mayors of Hartford , Connecticut
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery ( Hartford , Connecticut )
Connecticut Democrats
Kevin Morgan ( born 3 January 1948 ) is a former Australian cyclist . He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Morgan set the fastest time in the amateur Goulburn to Sydney Classic in 1968 run in reverse direction from Milperra to Goulburn .
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Australian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Australia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Tasmania
Birds Britannica is a book by Mark Cocker and Richard Mabey , about the birds of the United Kingdom , and a sister volume to Mabey 's 1996 Flora Britannica , about British plants . It was published in 2005 by Chatto & Windus .
According to the project 's official website :
It covers cultural links ; social history ; birds as food ; ecology ; the lore and language of birds ; myths , art , literature and music ; anecdotes , birdsong and rare facts ; modern developments ; migration , the seasons and our sense of place .
Over 1,000 members of the public provided details of their observations and experiences , during the book 's eight-year research period . Mabey 's contribution was limited by his depression , leading to Cocker having a leading role , doing the bulk of the work and this more prominent credit .
Reviews
The Guardian described the book as `` a glorious encyclopedia '' and Cocker as `` British bird life 's perfect encyclopedist '' . The Times said `` The entries for every species are a fascinating distillation of expert knowledge , personal account , reminiscence , literary reference and folk belief '' .
See also
Birds Britannia – a 2010 television series on the same subject .
References
External links
2005 non-fiction books
Ornithological literature
British books
Ornithology in the United Kingdom
Chatto & Windus books
Don Jordan ( June 22 , 1934 – February 13 , 1997 ) was an American boxer born in Los Angeles , California and was the Welterweight Champion of the World from 1958 to 1960 . His nickname was ‘ Geronimo ' . He was of Mexican and African American descent .
Career
Born 22 June 1934 in Los Angeles , Jordan 's brief spell as an amateur shows that he began boxing as a Middleweight and – unusually – worked his way down to Welterweight as a professional . His amateur career spanned just fifteen contests , of which he lost only one .
Jordan fought professionally for the first time in April , 1953 . Standing 5 feet 9 inches and typically weighing around 147 lbs , Jordan was well-proportioned and quickly showed himself to be an effective performer , winning nine in a row before dropping a decision in March 1954 , to a fighter he had out-pointed just two months previously . He beat Art Ramponi to pick up the California State Welterweight title in October of that year and opened his 1955 campaign with a victory over former World Lightweight Champion Lauro Salas . From that point on , Jordan would be mixing it with the best .
Jordan 's progress over the next three years – including two notable victories over Gaspar Ortega – were rewarded when he challenged Virgil Akins for the World Welterweight Championship on 5 December 1958 , winning by unanimous decision . Akins – who disputed the decision – would suffer an identical reverse when he met Jordan in a championship return five months later . That was the first of Jordan 's two successful title defences ( the second was against Denny Moyer on 10 July 1959 ) , before losing the title to Benny Paret , eighteen months after being crowned .
Once he lost his title , Jordan also seemed to lose his way . The last years of his career saw him record more defeats than victories and he was effectively – if ignominiously – ‘ retired ' by the man refereeing his October 1962 contest with Battling Torres . When Jordan refused to get up after a knockdown in the first , referee Jimmy Wilson ruled that Torres had not actually hit Jordan hard enough to put him down and the fight was declared a ‘ no contest ' . Subsequently , the California State Athletic Commission suspended Jordan indefinitely . In 1961 Lucchese crime family mobster Frankie Carbo , known as `` the Czar of Boxing '' was charged with extortion and conspiracy regarding Jordan , convicted and given a 25-year federal sentence . Others convicted were Louis Tom Dragna ( conviction overturned ) , Truman Gibson , Joe Sica , and Frank `` Blinky '' Palermo .
Death
After being robbed and seriously assaulted in a Los Angeles parking lot in September 1996 , Don Jordan went into a coma , and died in a nursing home in San Pedro , California , on 13 February 1997 .
Professional boxing record
See also
List of welterweight boxing champions
References
Sources
1 . Biographical information : ( i ) The Ring Record Book & Boxing Encyclopedia 1959 ( Nat Fleischer , The Ring Book Shop Inc. , 1959 ) . See p. 8 for a very brief cameo . ( ii ) WBA Online , offers confirmation of the date and manner of Jordan 's death .
2 . Ring Record : ( i ) The Cyber Boxing Zone . This source misses Jordan 's first defence of the Welterweight Championship , taking place 24 April 1959 . ( ii ) The Boxing Records Archive . This source also provides information about the manner of the end of Jordan 's career . ( iii ) The Ring Record Book & Boxing Encyclopedia 1959 ( Nat Fleischer , The Ring Book Shop Inc. , 1959 ) , P.276 .
External links
https : //boxrec.com/media/index.php/National_Boxing_Association % 27s_Quarterly_Ratings : _1958
https : //boxrec.com/media/index.php/National_Boxing_Association % 27s_Quarterly_Ratings : _1959
https : //boxrec.com/media/index.php/National_Boxing_Association % 27s_Quarterly_Ratings : _1960
http : //www.thecruelestsport.blogspot.com/2009/04/catastrophist-troubled-world-of-don.html
1934 births
1997 deaths
1996 murders in the United States
Boxers from Los Angeles
Male murder victims
People murdered in California
Deaths by beating in the United States
American male boxers
American boxers of Mexican descent
Welterweight boxers
Semiscolecidae is a family of annelids belonging to the order Arhynchobdellida .
Genera :
Cyclobdella Weyenbergh , 1879
Orchibdella Ringuelet , 1945
Patagoniobdella Ringuelet , 1972
References
Annelids
Gövem is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 180 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
The WWE Intercontinental Championship is a professional wrestling championship contested in and owned by the American promotion WWE on the SmackDown brand . The title was introduced into the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) in 1979 . Pat Patterson , holder of the WWF North American Heavyweight Championship , was awarded the title ( with the kayfabe explanation that he won a tournament in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil and unified the North American and South American titles ) .
The Intercontinental Championship has been called the second most important championship in the company , after the WWE Championship . It has been active in WWE for the second-longest period , but is the third-oldest active title , behind the WWE Championship ( 1963 ) and the United States Championship ( 1975 ) , the latter of which was acquired from World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) in 2001 . In 2002 , the WWF was renamed World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , and the championship was renamed accordingly . As a result of the 2019 WWE Superstar Shake-up , it is exclusively contested on the SmackDown brand .
Overall , there have been 88 different Intercontinental Champions . Chris Jericho holds the record for the most reigns with nine . The Honky Tonk Man holds the longest reign at 454 days . Only three other wrestlers , Pedro Morales , Don Muraco , and Randy Savage , have held the championship for a continuous reign of more than a year . Gunther is the current champion in his first reign . He defeated previous champion Ricochet on SmackDown in Baton Rouge , Louisiana on June 10 , 2022 .
Reigns
Names
Reigns
As of , .
Combined reigns
As of , .
Notes
References
External links
Official WWE Intercontinental Championship Title History
Wrestling-Titles.com : Intercontinental Championship
WWE championships lists
John Maloney Spottswood ( June 17 , 1920 – September 27 , 1975 ) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the senior Florida State Senator from the 41st district , in office from 1963 to 1971 .
Biography
Spottswood was born and raised in Key West , Florida where he was educated in the Monroe County Public School System and later Riverside Military Academy . His father , Robert F. Spottswood , served as colonel in the United States Army and was a direct descendant of Alexander Spotswood , the first Colonial Governor of Virginia . In 1941 , John enlisted in the United States Army for World War II in the Philippines ( Pacific Theatre ) . Afterwards , he moved back to Key West and established the first radio station there , WKWF in 1944 , and became friends with President Harry S. Truman who was a frequent visitor of the island . He also established cable television in Monroe County and assisted its spread nationwide . Spottswood married Mary Myrtle Sellers in 1949 and they went on to have five children . He was a film producer in the 1950s and 60 's and worked with Warner Brothers in a documentary on John F. Kennedy 's military service in the Solomon Islands and his handling of the Cuban Missile Crisis which he received an award for . He was elected Sheriff for Monroe County in 1952 and established the first Youth Police Training Ranch in the country . Spottswood was a licensed realtor and hotelier who owned his own real estate company Spottswood and Sons which bought the La Concha and Casa Marina Hotels and still exists today as Spottswood , Spottswood , and Spottswood . Furthermore , he served as President of the Florida Association of Realtors from 1961 until his death and modernized real estate in Florida .
In 1962 , he was elected Florida State Senator from the 41st district and held that position for four terms . Afterwards , he moved to Miami , Florida where he died from a Cardiac Arrest at the age of 55 in 1975 . He is currently buried at the Key West Cemetery .
References
Florida state senators
United States Army personnel of World War II
1920 births
1975 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Roger W. Wilson ( born October 8 , 1956 ) is an American actor .
Career
Wilson appeared in the first two Porky 's movies as well as Thunder Alley and the TV series Seven Brides for Seven Brothers .
Wilson wrote screenplays for producers including Steve Tisch , Penny Marshall , and Sharon Stone . and briefly taught screenwriting classes in New York City in the mid-2000s .
Wilson was the lead singer in the New York-based band Num in the 1990s .
Wilson was also a member of the New York-based band Born Again Baldwins from mid-2008 until the end of 2009 .
Early life and education
Wilson was born to Roger William Wilson ( d. 1972 ) , president—formerly an executive—of offshore engineering and construction company McDermott , and Arline ( née Robinson ) . He had a brother and sister . Both of his parents died young , and Wilson inherited several million dollars . He attended Woodberry Forest School and graduated in 1975 with Marvin Bush , brother of former President George W. Bush . He later studied at New York University .
Personal life
Wilson was married to Estée Lauder model Shaun Casey from 1978 to 1983 .
After his divorce , he became supermodel Christy Turlington 's first serious boyfriend at age 18 . They dated from 1987 to 1993 . Turlington told Cosmopolitan magazine and Dennis Miller , when he had a brief , late-night talk show , that she and Wilson were married . However , it was a spiritual , and not a legal ceremony . Wilson is the one who introduced Turlington to yoga and she moved to California briefly to live with him . Turlington had his initials and a rose tattooed on her ankle , which she later removed . Turlington and Wilson broke up in 1993 .
Wilson later dated Elizabeth Berkley , best known from TV show Saved by the Bell , in the late 1990s . In 2000 , Wilson filed a $ 40 million lawsuit against fellow actor Leonardo DiCaprio , claiming that DiCaprio encouraged his friends to physically assault Wilson after an argument relating to Berkley . Wilson claimed his larynx was badly damaged . DiCaprio was alleged to have pursued Berkley whilst she was in a relationship with Wilson and Wilson confronted DiCaprio over the accusation .
In 2009 , Page Six reported that , having used up the money in his trust fund and striving for success as a musician , he had taken work as a bartender in New York . The owner , surprised at the recognition of his new employee by `` every A-list patron '' , found out from Wilson about his life and subsequently resolved to appoint him manager at a new location in Los Angeles . Having worked as a wellness coach and been the lead guitarist and singer for the band Num , in 2018 Wilson founded the club 7908 in Aspen .
References
External links
1956 births
American male film actors
American male television actors
Living people
Woodberry Forest School alumni
Male actors from New Orleans
The 1913–14 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 6th since its establishment .
Overview
Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry won the championship .
References
RSSSF
1913-14
1913–14 domestic association football leagues
1913 in Hong Kong
1914 in Hong Kong
The Lonehill Koppie is a hill located in the suburb named after it , Lone Hill , which is located in Gauteng , South Africa . It is notable for the legends that surround the large boulder that sits atop the hill , precariously balanced on several other boulders .
Legend
The first legend is that if the top boulder of the Lonehill Koppie were dislodged , all the whites in the country would leave . It 's a latter-day version of an Anglo Boer War tale : that if the Boers dislodged the rock , the British would lose the war and leave South Africa .
A more recent legend is on how the Lonehill Nature Reserve was proclaimed a reserve . The motivation was centered around a rumour that a foreign individual was in the process of buying the area around the koppie , with the intent to remove the topmost rock . Local residents banded together and established the area as a nature reserve to prevent anyone from disturbing the well-known landmark .
Description
The Lonehill Koppie stands out as a lone koppie on the northern border of the city 's suburbs , 28 km north of the city centre , and is a reminder of what Johannesburg looked like before it was settled . It is a rocky veld with small streams trickling , dotted with shrubs , small trees and knee-high grasses . Guinea fowl and porcupines used to roam the area , and it is now populated with hundreds of dassies . There 's a small dam , called Lonehill Loch , around 200 metres to its north , which is a popular walking spot for local residents .
The Koppie is largely made up of large , very old boulders , called tor rocks , with trees and indigenous shrubs now almost obscuring the rocks except for the topmost boulders .
These days it is surrounded by clusters of homes and developments in what is now the suburb of Lone Hill . The koppie itself is located on a plot of around 20 acres , surrounded by veld , which is around 80 metres high known as Lonehill Loch . It is unlocked only on weekends , allowing hikers and picnickers to climb to the top , or just lay out a picnic blanket in its surrounding grassy area .
The veld contains three Stone Age furnaces . These were excavated in the 1960s by Professor Revil Mason , formerly head of archaeology at Wits University . The furnaces were hidden by Mason , to protect them , because they would need a protective structure built around them and there was no funding to develop the site .
Mason estimated that the furnaces date to around 1600 , the same period as the Melville Koppies furnace . Bits of slag were found near the furnaces , on large flat rocks with indentations in them that were used for grinding .
Near the furnace site is another area where pottery was manufactured , fenced like the furnace area . Half-way up the Koppie there are remnants of stone walls that would have been a kraal and living areas .
References
Hills of South Africa
Sam Riggs is an American country music singer-songwriter .
Biography
Sam Riggs was born in St . Cloud , Florida . He moved to Austin , Texas in August 2007 when he was 19 years old . He worked in manual labour but also performed his songs in local cafes and bars . Riggs released his first extended play , Hairpin Trigger Heart , in 2010 . He met Ray Wylie Hubbard in 2011 , who taught him his fingerpicking style . Riggs sold all of his possessions to finance the release of his second extended play , Lighthouse , released in 2012 .
Riggs ' full-length debut album , Outrun the Sun , was released on October 29 , 2013 by Vision Entertainment . The album was released under the moniker Sam Riggs and the Night People . The first two singles reached the top 10 on the Texas Music Chart . The video for the single `` When the Lights Go Out '' peaked at number one on CMT 's fan-voted Pure 12 Pack Countdown . One of the album 's songs , `` Collide '' , was featured in the TV show Nashville . The album sold over 10,000 copies and earned him Artist of the Year at the first Texas Magazine Texas Music Awards .
In February 2015 , Riggs released `` Second Hand Smoke '' , the first song from his second studio album . The album , Breathless , was released on February 19 , 2016 . Riggs produced the album with Eric Herbst . It was released on his own record label , Deep Creek Records , and funded by a Kickstarter project . Breathless debuted at number 12 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 168 on the Billboard 200 , selling 3,800 copies in its first week of release . On February 1 , 2019 , Sam released his first single of 2019 , `` Obsessed '' and on March 1 , 2019 , he released his current single , `` Until My Heart Stops Beating '' .
Personal life
Riggs is currently married and has a son .
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Music videos
Singles
References
External links
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Country musicians from Florida
Living people
People from St . Cloud , Florida
Singer-songwriters from Florida
Musicians from Austin , Texas
Country musicians from Texas
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Splinter Test was used as a group name for Larry Thrasher and Genesis P-Orridge . The name was first used for a box set of reissues of the more experimental material by Psychic TV , and then it was used to issue the spoken word projects of Psychic TV or their instrumental music , before the foundation of Thee Majesty . The name refers to an essay on sampling as holographic magick by P-Orridge .
Discography
Splinter Test 1 Box Set ( 1993 )
Disc A : Elipse Ov Flowers
Disc B : Tarot Ov Abomination
Disc C : Stained By Dead Horses
Splinter Test 2 Box Set ( 1993 )
Disc D : Mouth Ov Thee Knight
Disc E : Sugarmorphoses
Disc F : Cold Dark Matter
Thee Fractured Garden ( 1996 )
Spatial Memory ( 1996 )
Electric Newspaper Issue Four : The Human Voice ( 1997 )
Sulphur - Low Seed Replication ( 1997 )
See also
Psychic TV
Thee Majesty
External links
Discogs profile
British electronic music groups
British techno music groups
British industrial music groups
Graham Buckley ( born 1 October 1963 ) is a retired Scottish footballer who played in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath , Brechin City , Arbroath and Berwick Rangers as a forward .
Personal life
Buckley has worked as a postman .
Honours
Cowdenbeath
Scottish League Second Division second-place promotion : 1991–92
Individual
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
1963 births
Scottish footballers
Living people
Association football forwards
Footballers from Edinburgh
Cowdenbeath F.C . players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . players
Berwick Rangers F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Brechin City F.C . players
Livingston F.C . non-playing staff
Cowdenbeath F.C . non-playing staff
Arbroath F.C . players
Newtongrange Star F.C . players
Scottish football managers
British postmen
Civil Service Strollers F.C players
Το πρωινό is a television morning program airs on ANT1 on 14 October 2013 every Monday to Friday at 9:50am to 1pm , It was hosted by Giorgos Liagkas and Fay Skorda , featuring Giorgos Lianos , Sasa Stamati , Themis Georgantas and Laura Narges are the persons who had been selected to be with Giorgos and Fay . Litsa Patera ( astrology ) in 10pm and Argiro Mparmparigou ( cooking ) in 11pm continue to be on ANT1 .
Hosts
Timeline
Special hosts
Panelists
Astrology
Cooking
See also
List of programs broadcast by ANT1
ANT1 original programming
Greek television news shows
2013 Greek television series debuts
2010s Greek television series
Greek-language television shows
Lalji Kanpariya is a Gujarati poet from Gujarat , India .
Lalji Kanpariya was born on 13 August 1943 in Vitthalpur village in Amreli district , Gujarat , India . He completed his B.A . in 1966 from Gujarat University and M.A . in 1971 from Saurashtra University ; both with Gujarati and Sanskrit subjects . He taught at Prataprai Arts College before retirement .
He writes geet , ghazal , metre and non-metre poetry . His first collection of poems Zalmal Tanu ( 1994 ) received Jayant Pathak Kavita Prize and prize by Gujarati Sahitya Parishad . His second poetry collection Nava Chandrani Kumpal ( 1999 ) received Raskavi Raghunath Brahmabhatt Award and Ramesh Parekh Sahitya Ratna Award . His other collections are Shamanana Chitaraman ( 2005 ) , Harina Hastakshar ( 2006 ) and Surya Chandrani Sakhe ( 2007 ) .
References
1943 births
Living people
Poets from Gujarat
Gujarati-language writers
Indian male poets
Gujarati-language poets
People from Amreli district
20th-century Indian poets
20th-century Indian male writers
Dhruba Narayan Ghosh was an Indian career bureaucrat and civil servant who served as the twelfth Chairman of State Bank of India . He was also the founder and very first chairman of the ICRA Limited .
Life
Most of the details about his early life are known from his autobiography No Regrets published by Rupa Publications on 1 August 2015 . The book was released by Arundhati Bhattacharya , the then Chairman of State Bank of India and Deepak Parekh , chairman of the Housing Development Finance Corporation on 27 August 2015 .
Education
He holds a Master 's degree in Economics from the University of Calcutta .
Career
Early career
He joined the Indian Audit and Accounts Service and worked in a number of roles . He played a key role in the nationalization of Indian banks .
Banking career
He served as the twelfth Chairman of State Bank of India from 13 May 1985 until 12 May 1989 .
After his retirement from the State Bank of India in 1989 , he was succeeded by Atal V. as the Chairman of State Bank of India .
It was during his time at the State Bank of India , that the drive towards computerization of branches was begun . The State Bank of India was also rated by the international rating agency the S & P Global Ratings for the first time during his tenure .
Later career
After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1989 , he held a number of executive posts in the private sector which included :
Member of Board of Directors of Philips company
Member of Board of Directors of Larsen & Toubro company
Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow
Chairman of the board of Sundaram BNP Paribas Asset Management Company Limited
Chairman of the board of Gerdau Steel India Limited
Chairman of the Management Development Institute , Gurgaon
Chairman and Director of The Peerless General Finance and Investment Company Limited
Managing Director of Damodar Cement and Slag Limited
Independent Non-Executive Director of Birla Corporation Limited
Independent Director of Housing Development Finance Corporation .
Director of Tata Global Beverages Limited .
He has also served as the president of the Society for the Preservation of Satyajit Ray Archives .
In 1991 , he became the Managing Trustee of the Sameeksha Trust , which is the publisher of Economic and Political Weekly .
References
External links
Official Website
SBI chairmen
SBI history
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
Indian civil servants
Indian government officials
Ernest Akobuor Debrah ( 3 June 1947 – 6 April 2016 ) was a Ghanaian politician .
Early life and education
Ernest Kwaku Akobour Debrah was born on 3 June 1947 to James Emmanuel Debrah and Elizabeth Akosua Kontoh Debrah . He was the 3rd of twelve children born to his parents . He hails from Tanoso in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana . After his basic and secondary education at Sunyani Secondary School and Ghana National College , Ernest Debrah graduated from Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1972 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Land Economy . He then proceeded to acquire a Master of Business Administration degree in management at the University of Strathclyde , Glasgow in 1995 .
Career
Debrah is an economist by profession . He has worked as the chief manager of the Retain Banking Unit at the head office of Société Générale - Social Security Bank , later known as Société Générale Ghana Limited .
Politics
Debrah was the Member of Parliament for the Tano North constituency in the 4th and 5th parliaments of the 4th republic of Ghana . He was the Minister for Food and Agriculture ( February 2005 to January 2009 ) , having previously served as Regional Minister for Brong-Ahafo and then Regional Minister for the Northern Region from February 2001 to January 2004 . He was elected to Parliament from Tano North in December 2004 . He was given an award in 2009 during the Farmers ' Day celebrations .
Elections
Debrah was first elected as the member of parliament for the Tano North constituency in the 2004 Ghanaian general elections . He was elected with 15,868 votes out of 26,983 total valid votes cast . This was equivalent to 58.80 % of total valid votes cast . He was elected over Charles Appiagyei of the National Democratic Congress , Nyamekye Florence of the Democratic People 's Party , Daniel Dabie Boateng of the People 's National Convention and Nana Ampabeng Daniel K Kyeremeh of the Convention People 's Party . These obtained 10,253 votes , 485 votes , 210 votes and 167votes respectively of the total valid votes cast . These were equivalent to 38.00 % , 1.80 % , 0.80 % and 0.60 % respectively of all total valid votes cast in that election . Debrah won on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party . His constituency was a part of the 14constituencies out of 24 constituencies won by the New Patriotic Party in the Brong Ahafo region in that election . In all , the New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 128 parliamentary representation out of 230 parliamentary seats in the 4th parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana .
Debrah was re-elected as the Member of parliament for the Tano North constituency in the 2008 Ghanaian general elections . He was elected with 15,868votes out of 26983 total valid votes cast . This was equivalent to 58.80 % of total valid votes cast . He was elected over Opoku Atuahene of the National Democratic Congress , Alhassan Kabore of the Convention People 's Party , George Owusu Yeboah of the People 's National Convention , Arkoh Ernest of the Democratic Freedom Party and Amanfo Antwi of the Democratic People 's Party . These obtained 11,120votes , 363 votes , 214votes , 144votes and 101votes respectively of the total valid votes cast . These were equivalent to 38.36 % , 1.25 % , 0.74 % , 0.50 % and 0.35 % respectively of total valid votes cast . Debrah was re-elected on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party . His constituency was a part of 16 parliamentary seats out of 24 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in the Brong Ahafo region in that election . In all , the New Patriotic Party won a minority total of 107 parliamentary representation out of 230 seats in the 5th parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana .
Personal life
Ernest Akobuor Debrah was a Christian and married with four children .
Death
He died after a brief illness on Wednesday 6 April 2016 , at his residence .
References
Sources
Ernest Akobuor Debrah Accrareport.com
1947 births
Ghanaian MPs 2005–2009
Ghanaian MPs 2009–2013
Agriculture ministers of Ghana
New Patriotic Party politicians
Living people
Ghana National College alumni
This is a list of bridges of the Nechako River in the Canadian province of British Columbia . This list is in sequence from the Nechako 's mouth at the Fraser River in Prince George , and then going upstream to the Nechako Reservoir .
Prince George
Vanderhoof to Nechako Reservoir
See also
List of crossings of the Thompson River
List of crossings of the Fraser River
Nechako River
Lists of river crossings
Nechako
Crossings
Boundary County is the northernmost county located in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 census , the population was 12,056 . The county seat and largest city is Bonners Ferry .
Boundary County was created by the Idaho Legislature on January 23 , 1915 . It is so named because it borders Canada , and is therefore the only county in Idaho with an international border . It is also only one of three counties in the United States that borders two states and a foreign country , the others being Coös County , New Hampshire and Erie County , Pennsylvania .
History
Boundary County was formed on January 23 , 1915 , from Bonner County . It was named Boundary County because it lies on the border of Canada , Washington and Montana .
Boundary County has seven election precincts : Bonners Ferry , Copeland , Kootenai , Moyie , Naples , North Bonners Ferry , and Valley View . All contain part of Bonners Ferry City except Copeland , Moyie , and Naples precincts . Moyie Springs was incorporated in 1947 .
Settlement of the area started with the establishment of Bonners Ferry on the Kootenai River in 1864 . Settlement was limited to the ferry operation until about 1890 . The town of Bonners Ferry was established in 1893 . At that point settlement was still sparse with small ranching and mining operations , but an expanding timber economy . By 1900 , other areas started to develop with the Boulder ( now Kootenai ) , Boundary ( now Copeland ) , and Naples precincts first listed in the U.S. Census of that year . The Moyie precinct first appeared in the 1910 census .
In 1980 , convicted spy Christopher John Boyce found refuge in Boundary County , for a few months , after his escape from the Lompoc Federal Correctional Complex . He stayed at the home of Gloria Ann White . Boyce sustained himself during his stay with a series of bank robberies in the surrounding area , allegedly with technical assistance from White .
In 1992 , Boundary County was the scene of the infamous Ruby Ridge siege by 350–400 armed federal agents against Randy Weaver and his family .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.7 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Lincoln County , Montana – east/Mountain Time Border
Bonner County – south
Pend Oreille County , Washington – west
Regional District of Central Kootenay , British Columbia – north
National protected areas
Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail ( part )
Kaniksu National Forest ( part )
Kootenai National Forest ( part )
Kootenai National Wildlife Refuge
Transportation
Highways
US 2
US 95
SH-1
Airports
Boundary County Airport is a county-owned , public-use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Bonners Ferry .
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 9,871 people , 3,707 households , and 2,698 families living in the county . The population density was 8 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 4,095 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.24 % White , 0.16 % Black or African American , 2.02 % Native American , 0.58 % Asian , 0.07 % Pacific Islander , 0.86 % from other races , and 1.07 % from two or more races . 3.39 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 21.4 % were of German , 12.9 % American , 12.7 % English , 9.9 % Irish and 6.4 % Norwegian ancestry .
There were 3,707 households , out of which 34.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.40 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.20 % were non-families . 23.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.07 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 29.20 % under the age of 18 , 6.90 % from 18 to 24 , 24.40 % from 25 to 44 , 26.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 101.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 100.60 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,250 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,440 . Males had a median income of $ 31,209 versus $ 18,682 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,636 . About 11.50 % of families and 20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.50 % of those under age 18 and 11.40 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 10,972 people , 4,421 households , and 2,976 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 5,175 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.8 % white , 1.7 % American Indian , 0.6 % Asian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 0.5 % from other races , and 2.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 22.5 % were German , 12.8 % were English , 11.2 % were Irish , 7.4 % were American , 5.9 % were Norwegian , 5.4 % were Dutch , and 5.1 % were Scottish .
Of the 4,421 households , 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.0 % were married couples living together , 7.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.7 % were non-families , and 27.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00 . The median age was 42.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,712 and the median income for a family was $ 43,562 . Males had a median income of $ 36,125 versus $ 26,076 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,011 . About 15.7 % of families and 18.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.0 % of those under age 18 and 13.4 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Like most of Idaho , Boundary County is solidly Republican . The last Democratic presidential candidate to carry the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 .
Media
Television
A local translator district provides broadcast television stations from Spokane , WA .
Radio
Bonners Ferry has been home to KBFI AM 1450 since 1983 . It is owned by local licensee Radio Bonners Ferry , Inc , owned by Blue Sky Broadcasting , Inc . While licensed to Bonner 's Ferry and its transmitter site is there , KBFI shares studios and offices with its sister stations ( KSPT , KIBR , and KPND ) , at 327 Marion Avenue in Sandpoint , Idaho .
Newspapers
Bonners Ferry is served by a single newspaper and several online news outlets .
The weekly Bonners Ferry Herald , owned by Hagadone Publishing is the official paper of record .
Communities
Cities
Bonners Ferry
Moyie Springs
Unincorporated communities
Copeland
Eastport
Good Grief
Naples
Porthill
Curley Creek
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boundary County , Idaho
References
External links
Boundary County website
Bonners Ferry
Boundary County Airport
Live Webcamera in Boundary County
KootenaiValleyTimes.com
1915 establishments in Idaho
Idaho counties
Populated places established in 1915
Marek Maďarič ( born 23 March 1966 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak politician for the Direction - Social Democracy ( ) . He was between 4 April 2012 and 28 February 2018 Minister of Culture in Robert Fico 's Second and Third Cabinets . Maďarič resigned as minister in the aftermath of the assassination of Ján Kuciak .
References
1966 births
Living people
Politicians from Bratislava
Direction – Social Democracy politicians
Culture ministers of Slovakia
Members of the National Council ( Slovakia ) 2016-2020
Cameraria hamameliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Ontario , Québec , and Nova Scotia in Canada and throughout the eastern United States .
The wingspan is about .
The larvae feed on Hamamelis species , including Hamamelis virginiana . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf . The mine is whitish and sometimes almost circular . The pupa of the
summer brood is formed beneath a flat silken cocoon .
This species was first described by August Busck in 1903 .
References
External links
Bug Guide
Cameraria ( moth )
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1903
Taxa named by August Busck
Lepidoptera of the United States
Otto Gunnar Neuriesser ( born 16 August 1961 , in Karlskoga ) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1961 births
Swedish male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Sweden
People from Karlskoga Municipality
Living people
Sportspeople from Örebro County
Lencan is a small family of nearly extinct indigenous Mesoamerican languages .
Languages
There are two attested Lencan languages , both extinct ( Campbell 1997:167 ) .
Salvadoran Lencan was spoken in Chilanga and Potó ( thus the alternative language name Potón ) . Lencans had arrived in El Salvador about 2,000 years B.P . and founded the site of Quelepa . One speaker remains .
Honduran Lencan was spoken with minor dialect differences in Intibucá , Opatoro , Guajiquiro , Similatón ( modern Cabañas ) , and Santa Elena . Some phrases survive ; it is not known if the entire language still exists .
The languages are not closely related ; Swadesh ( 1967 ) estimated 3,000 years since separation . Arguedas Cortés ( 1987 ) reconstructs Proto-Lencan with 12 consonants ( including ejectives ) and 5 vowels .
External relationships
The external relationships of the Lencan languages are disputed . Inclusion within Macro-Chibchan has often been proposed ; Campbell ( 1987 ) reported that he found no solid evidence for such a connection , but Constenla-Umaña ( 2005 ) proposed regular correspondence between Lencan , Misumalpan , and Chibchan .
Campbell ( 2012 ) acknowledges that these claims of connection between Lencan , Misumalpan , and Chibchan have not yet been proved systematically , but he notes that Constenla-Umaña ( 2005 ) `` presented evidence to support a relationship with two neighboring families [ of languages ] : Misumalpan and Lencan , which constitute the Lenmichí Micro-Phylum . According to [ Constenla-Umaña 's study ( 2005 ) ] , the Lenmichi Micro-Phylum first split into Proto-Chibchan and Proto-Misulencan , the common intermediate ancestor of the Lencan and the Misumalpan languages . This would have happened around 9,726 years before the present or 7,720 B.C . ( the average of the time depths between the Chibchan languages and the Misulencan languages ) ... The respective subancestors of the Lencan and the Misumalpan languages would have separated around 7,705 before the present ( 5,069 B.C . ) , and Paya and the other intermediate ancestors of all the other Chibchan languages would have separated around 6,682 ( 4,676 B.C. ) . ''
Another proposal by Lehmann ( 1920:727 ) links Lencan with the Xincan language family , though Campbell ( 1997:167 ) rejects most of Lehmann 's twelve lexical comparisons as invalid . An automated computational analysis ( ASJP 4 ) by Müller et al . ( 2013 ) also found lexical similarities between Lencan and Xincan . However , since the analysis was automatically generated , the grouping could be either due to mutual lexical borrowing or genetic inheritance .
History
The Proto-Lencan homeland was most likely in central Honduras ( Campbell 1997:167 ) .
At the time of the Spanish conquest of Central America in the early 16th century , the Lenca language was spoken by the Lenca people in a region that incorporated northwestern and southwestern Honduras , and neighboring eastern El Salvador , east of the Lempa river . While the Lenca people continue to live in the same region today , Lyle Campbell reported in the 1970s that he found only one speaker of the language in Chilanga , El Salvador , and none in Honduras . Campbell also concluded that Salvadoran Lenca was a distinct language from Honduran Lenca .
Indigenous movements in both countries are attempting to revive the language , and recent press reports from Honduras indicate that elementary school textbooks in Salvadoran Lenca have been distributed to public schools in the region .
A 2002 novel by Roberto Castillo , La guerra mortal de los sentidos , chronicles the adventures of the `` Searcher for the Lenca Language . ''
Proto-language
Proto-Lenca reconstructions by Arguedas ( 1988 ) :
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! No . ! ! Spanish gloss ( original ) ! ! English gloss ( translated ) ! ! Proto-Lenca
|-
| 1 . || abrir || open ( verb ) || * inkolo-
|-
| 2 . || agua || water || * was
|-
| 3 . || anciana || old woman ||
|-
| 4 . || araña || spider || * katu
|-
| 5 . || ardilla || squirrel || * suri
|-
| 6 . || bailar || dance || * uli-
|-
| 7 . || bañar || bathe || * twa-
|-
| 8 . || beber || drink || * tali-
|-
| 9 . || blanco || white || * soko
|-
| 10 . || boca || mouth || * in
|-
| 11 . || bueno || good || * sam
|-
| 12 . || cabello || hair || * asak
|-
| 13 . || caites || sandals || * waktik
|-
| 14 . || camarón || shrimp || * siksik
|-
| 15 . || camino || path || * k'in
|-
| 16 . || casa || house || * t'aw
|-
| 17 . || cerrar || close ( verb ) || * inkap-
|-
| 18 . || cinco || five || * ts'aj
|-
| 19 . || comal || comal || * k'elkin
|-
| 20 . || comprar || buy || * liwa-
|-
| 21 . || cortar || cut || * tajk-
|-
| 22 . || coyol || coyol || * juku
|-
| 23 . || coyote || coyote || * sua
|-
| 24 . || chupar || suck ||
|-
| 25 . || decir || say || * aj-
|-
| 26 . || desear || want || * saj
|-
| 27 . || diente || tooth || * nek
|-
| 28 . || dos || two || * pe
|-
| 29 . || él || he || * inani
|-
| 30 . || enfermo , estar || sick || * ona-
|-
| 31 . || espina || thorn || * ma
|-
| 32 . || este || this || * na
|-
| 33 . || estrella || star || * sirik
|-
| 34 . || flor || flower || * sula
|-
| 35 . || fuego || fire || * juk ' a
|-
| 36 . || grande || big || * pukV
|-
| 37 . || guacal || tub || * k'akma
|-
| 38 . || hermano || brother || * pelek
|-
| 39 . || hígado || liver || * muts ' u
|-
| 40 . || hormiga || ant || * its'its ' i
|-
| 41 . || hueso || bone || * ts'ek
|-
| 42 . || ir || go || * o-
|-
| 43 . || jocote || jocote || * muraka
|-
| 44 . || lavar || wash || * ts'ajk-
|-
| 45 . || leña || firewood || * sak
|-
| 46 . || lluvia || rain || * so
|-
| 47 . || macho || male || * kew
|-
| 48 . || maíz || corn || * ajma
|-
| 49 . || mapachín || raccoon || * wala
|-
| 50 . || milpa || cornfield || * ta
|-
| 51 . || montaña || mountain || * kotan
|-
| 52 . || mover || move || * lum-
|-
| 53 . || nariz || nose || * nep
|-
| 54 . || niño || boy || * we
|-
| 55 . || nosotros || we || * apinani
|-
| 56 . || nube || cloud ||
|-
| 57 . || oír || hear || * eni-
|-
| 58 . || orinar || urinate || * wajsa-
|-
| 59 . || pavo || turkey || * lok
|-
| 60 . || peine || comb || * tenmaskin
|-
| 61 . || pelo , pluma || hair , feather ||
|-
| 62 . || perro || dog || * su
|-
| 63 . || pico || peak || * ints'ek
|-
| 64 . || piedra || stone || * ke
|-
| 65 . || piña || pineapple || * mats'ati
|-
| 66 . || piojo || louse || * tem
|-
| 67 . || puerco de monte || wild pig || * map'it , * nap'it
|-
| 68 . || pulga || flea || * t'ut ' u
|-
| 69 . || quebracho || quebracho tree || * sili
|-
| 70 . || quién || who || * k'ulan
|-
| 71 . || reír || laugh || * jolo-
|-
| 72 . || río || river || * wara
|-
| 73 . || roble || oak || * mal
|-
| 74 . || ropa || clothes || * lam-
|-
| 75 . || rostro || face || * tik
|-
| 76 . || saber || know || * ti-
|-
| 77 . || seis || six || * wi
|-
| 78 . || sembrar || sow || * isa-
|-
| 79 . || tapesco , cama || bed frame , bed || * le-
|-
| 80 . || tigre ( jaguar ) , león ( puma ) || tiger ( jaguar ) , lion ( puma ) || * lepa
|-
| 81 . || tocar || touch || * jete-
|-
| 82 . || trabajar || work ||
|-
| 83 . || tres || three || * lawa
|-
| 84 . || tú || you ( sg . ) || * amanani
|-
| 85 . || uña || fingernail || * kumam
|-
| 86 . || venir || come || * po-
|-
| 87 . || yo || I || * unani
|-
| 88 . || zarigüeya || opossum || * ts'ewe
|-
| 89 . || zopilote || vulture || * kus
| }
References
Bibliography
Campbell , Lyle . 1997 . American Indian Languages : The Historical Linguistics of Native America . Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Campbell , Lyle . 2012 . The Indigenous Languages of South America : A Comprehensive Guide . De Gruyter Mouton : Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co. KG , Berlin/Boston .
Constenla Umaña , Adolfo . ( 1981 ) . Comparative Chibchan Phonology . ( Ph.D. dissertation , Department of Linguistics , University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia ) .
Constenla Umaña , Adolfo . ( 1991 ) . Las lenguas del Área Intermedia : Introducción a su estudio areal . Editorial de la Universidad de Costa Rica , San José .
Constenla Umaña , Adolfo . ( 1995 ) . Sobre el estudio diacrónico de las lenguas chibchenses y su contribución al conocimiento del pasado de sus hablantes . Boletín del Museo del Oro 38-39 : 13-56 .
Constenla Umaña , Adolfo ( 2005 ) . `` Existe relacion genealogica entre las lenguas misumalpas y las chibchenses ? '' Estudios de Linguistica Chibcha . 23 : 9–59 .
Fabre , Alain . 2005 . Diccionario etnolingüístico y guía bibliográfica de los pueblos indígenas sudamericanos : LENCA .
Hemp , Eric . 1976 . `` On Earlier Lenca Vowels '' . International Journal of American Linguistics 42 ( 1 ) : 78-79 .
Lehman , Walter . 1920 . Zentral-Amerika . see pp . 700–719 ( Salvadoran Lenca ) and pp . 668–692 ( Honduran Lenca ) .
External links
OLAC resources in and about the Lenca language
Audio Recording of an Elicitation and Wordlist in Lenca from the MesoAmerican Languages Collection of Lyle Campbell at the Archive of the Indigenous Languages of Latin America .
Languages
Macro-Chibchan languages
Language families
Indigenous languages of Central America
Mesoamerican languages
Languages of El Salvador
Languages of Honduras
Extinct languages of North America
The Zodiac : Cosmic Sounds is a 1967 collaborative concept album on the theme of the signs of the Zodiac . It was issued by Elektra Records in and featured early use of the Moog synthesizer by Paul Beaver , with music written by Mort Garson , words by Jacques Wilson , and narration by Cyrus Faryar . Instrumentation was provided by members of the Wrecking Crew studio collective . It has been variously described as `` a wonderful period piece '' and `` apt to inspire more giggle fits than stoned , pull-the-shades-down reveries '' .
Concept
The idea began in 1967 with Jac Holzman , the head of Elektra Records , which had just gained major success with The Doors ' debut album . Holzman had the initial concept for the album , and hired Alex Hassilev , a member of The Limeliters , to produce it . Hassilev in turn brought in Mort Garson , with whom he had just formed a production company , to write the music . Hassilev and Garson had planned to do a series of concept albums following Cosmic Sounds . Garson wrote music for one of the other intended albums , The Sea , but Rod McKuen , who was supposed to have been on the project , left and did his own version with Anita Kerr . Hassilev temporarily left the project to produce The Dusk 'Till Dawn Orchestra 's Sea Drift album , which incorporated part of The Sea 's intended theme .
Recording
Garson brought together a mixture of musicians , most of whom were not credited on the album sleeve . Musician and electronic instrument collector Paul Beaver , who had done music effects for films , was chosen to perform on the Moog synthesizer on the album since he was one of the few people on the West Coast who knew how to set up and use the synthesizer at the time . Beaver and Moog went to the California Audio Engineering Society convention in 1967 to showcase the Moog Synthesizer for the first time on the West Coast . Emil Richards , who had worked with such musicians as Frank Zappa , Marvin Gaye and Henry Mancini , was chosen to provide an assortment of percussive instrumental surprises throughout the album . Bassist Carol Kaye and drummer Hal Blaine , both top on-demand session musicians , were The Zodiac 's rhythm section . Bud Shank , a top flute performer , and keyboardist Mike Melvoin were also used . Jacques Wilson wrote the album 's narration , and folk singer Cyrus Faryar was chosen ( suggested by Hassilev ) to narrate over the album 's exotic instrumentation .
The album was released in May 1967 . The sleeve , by artist Abe Gurvin and art director William S. Harvey ( who had worked together at Nonesuch Records ) , featured a florid psychedelic design . On the back , in large purple letters , were written the instructions : `` Must be played in the dark '' .
Response
According to music critic Richie Unterberger : Divided into 12 separate tracks , one for each astrological sign , it appeared just as both psychedelic rock and astrology itself were coming into vogue in the youthful counterculture . In some respects it was similar to other instrumental psychsploitation albums of the time , with a spacy yet tight groove that could have fit into the soundtrack of 1966 Sunset Strip documentaries , played in large measure by seasoned Los Angeles session musicians . In other respects , it was futuristic , embellished by some of the first Moog synthesizer ever heard on a commercial recording , an assortment of exotic percussive instruments , and sitar . The arrangements were further decorated by haunting harpsichord and organ , along with standard mid-1960s Los Angeles rock guitar licks . For those who took the astrology as seriously as the music , there was the dramatic reading of narrator Cyrus Faryar , musing upon aspects of each astrological sign in a rich , deep voice without a hint of irony .
Garson collaborated with Wilson in 1968 on another concept album , The Wozard of Iz , on that occasion with producer Bernie Krause . Paul Beaver later collaborated with Krause on several albums . Garson later recorded several further LPs on individual zodiac signs , and became best known for composing music for National Geographic programming , though he did not , as sometimes repeated , compose its theme song .
In the liner notes for the 1997 Moody Blues compilation The Best of the Moody Blues , Justin Hayward named this album as an influence on the band 's development going into Days of Future Passed .
Track listing
All lyrics written by Jacques Wilson
`` Aries – The Fire-Fighter '' – 3:17
`` Taurus – The Voluptuary '' – 3:38
`` Gemini – The Cool Eye '' – 2:50
`` Cancer – The Moon Child '' – 3:27
`` Leo – The Lord of Lights '' – 2:30
`` Virgo – The Perpetual Perfectionist '' – 3:05
`` Libra – The Flower Child '' – 3:28
`` Scorpio – The Passionate Hero '' – 2:51
`` Sagittarius – The Versatile Daredevil '' – 2:06
`` Capricorn – The Uncapricious Climber '' – 3:30
`` Aquarius – The Lover of Life '' – 3:45
`` Pisces – The Peace Piper '' – 3:19
Personnel
Cyrus Faryar – narration
Paul Beaver – Moog and other electronic instruments
Emil Richards – exotic percussion
Bud Shank – bass flute
Hal Blaine – drums
Carol Kaye – bass guitar
Mike Melvoin – keyboards
Produced by Alex Hassilev
Music written by Mort Garson
References
External links
Liner notes for reissue by Richie Unterberger
Review of 2002 reissue
More information
The Zodiac at myspace
1967 albums
Psychedelic rock albums
Spoken word albums
Elektra Records albums
Concept albums
Mudumu is a National Park in Caprivi Region in north-eastern Namibia . The park was established in 1990 . It covers an area of . The Kwando River forms the western border with Botswana . Various communal area conservancies and community forests surround Mudumu National Park .
The area is an important migration route from Botswana to Angola for large game species such as African elephant . There is no boundary fences , and Mudumu forms a crucial trans-boundary link for wildlife migration between Angola , Botswana , Namibia and Zambia . It is in the centre of Africa 's largest conservation area , the Kavango-Zambezi Trans-Frontier Conservation Area ( KaZa TFCA ) .
History
Mudumu National Park was created in 1990 , shortly before Namibia 's independence . Although the approved size of the park is , the actual size is .
Climate
Average annual rainfall is between and per year , with the peak rainy period arriving in January and February . In years of heavy rainfall , flooding can be extensive , although Mudumu is drier than her sister park , Nkasa Rupara .
Geography and access
The Park is situated approximately south of Kongola , bordered by Botswana to the west , and various communal area conservancies . The entire park is flat , with no hills or mountains . A fossilized river course - the Mudumu Mulapo – lies in the centre of the park . This is a seasonally dry , open channel that drains the primarily Mopane woodlands of the hinterland to the east . There is no formal entrance gate and the park is unfenced . A graded track , called a cutline , separates the park from neighbouring communal farmland . C49 ( D3511 ) road runs through the park linking the villages of Kongola and Sangwali .
Biology and ecology
Mudumu National Park is situated in the tree and shrub savannah biome . Vegetation types are north-eastern Kalahari woodlands , riverine woodlands and islands , Caprivi mopane woodland and Caprivi floodplains . The Kwando River floodplain , grasslands , riparian woodlands and dense mopane woodland shelter woodland fauna and flora .
Flora
Mopane ( Colophospermum mopane ) , wild syringa ( Burkea africana ) , leadwood ( Combretum imberbe ) and mangosteen ( Garcinia livingstonii ) are common trees .
Fauna
Mudumu has a large African elephant population . Other animals include African buffalo , lion , leopard , spotted hyena , cheetah , African wild dog , hippopotamus , Nile crocodile , sitatunga , meerkat , red lechwe , sable antelope , Common eland , giraffe , impala , plains zebra , blue wildebeest and spotted-necked otter . There are no black or white rhinos in this park . Sable antelope , giraffe and eland were re-introduced into the area .
Tiger fish and tilapia are common fish species . 430 bird species have been recorded , including African fish eagle , African skimmer and western-banded snake eagle .
Fire
Natural fires caused by lightning and human-made fires burn large sections of the park each year . Firebreaks are made during the wet summer months . An early burning programme has been introduced in the dry winter months from May–July .
Recreation
Walking , bird watching and game viewing are the main tourism activities .
The Namibian Government has divided the park into various areas , called concessions . These create zones for various activities . Two privately managed lodges are in the park .
No permits are needed for travelling on the C49 road that connects the villages of Kongola and Lizauli . Permits are required on all other roads and tracks within the park . Most roads require four-wheel drive vehicles . During the rainy season from November to April it is recommended to drive in a convoy of at least two vehicles .
Mudumu is located within a high-risk malaria area .
Kavango-Zambezi Trans-frontier Conservation Area
Angola , Botswana , Namibia , Zambia and Zimbabwe have agreed to manage trans-boundary conservation through the Kavango–Zambezi Trans-frontier Conservation Area ( KaZa TFCA ) . Mudumu is situated in the centre of the Kaza TFCA and forms a corridor for elephant , buffalo , roan and sable antelope movement from Botswana into Angola and Zambia .
KaZa includes numerous proclaimed national parks ( including Mudumu ) , game reserves , community conservation areas , forest reserves , and iconic tourism destinations such as the Victoria Falls and Okavango Delta . KaZa aims to broaden the protected areas network , increase biodiversity , expand historical game migration routes and attract tourists to the area .
In a place where local people often bear the costs of living with wildlife , KaZa aims to make the protection of wildlife and wild places economically more attractive to rural communities .
Park Management
Mudumu National Park is one of five national parks in north-eastern Namibia . It is managed as a unit with Bwabwata National Park , Khaudom National Park , Mangetti National Park and Nkasa Lupala ( formerly Mamili National Park ) . Since 2006 , the NamParks Project ( formerly BMM Parks Project ) , co-funded by the Federal Republic of Germany through KfW , has helped develop these parks .
Funding has been used to set up tourism , business and management plans , improve infrastructure , translocate animals back into their natural habitat and develop partnerships between Government and communities to manage parks with other land units .
Mudumu National Park forms part of the Mudumu North and Mudumu South complexes . Complexes group formally protected areas , conservancies and forestry management areas into single units to manage resources across park and conservancy boundaries . Stakeholders work together on law enforcement and anti-poaching , fire management ( early burning ) , game monitoring and wildlife translocations . This approach is known as integrated park management .
Park development
The Ngenda Ranger Station is the park headquarters . Staff offices , entrance gates and housing were built as part of the cooperation .
NamParks has helped introduce park-friendly land-uses in the surrounding areas and collaborative management structures .
Mudumu serves as a core wildlife area , supplying wildlife to neighbouring conservancies that can encourage tourists . Trophy-hunting is practiced in the park under strict conditions .
References
External links
NamParks Project
Kavango-Zambezi Trans-frontier Conservation Area ( KaZa TFCA )
National parks of Namibia
1990 establishments in South Africa
Cuando River
Zambezi Region
Protected areas established in 1990
Shivaji III was a pretender to the throne of the Thanjavur Maratha kingdom . He was the only son of Serfoji III , adopted son of Shivaji II , the last Maratha ruler of Thanjavur . He held the title `` Senior Prince of Tanjore '' .
References
Thanjavur Maratha kingdom
The UK Albums Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling albums of the week in the United Kingdom . Before 2004 , the chart was only based on the sales of physical albums . This list shows albums that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Albums Chart during 1973 , as well as albums which peaked in 1972 and 1974 but were in the top 10 in 1973 . The entry date is when the album appeared in the top ten for the first time ( week ending , as published by the Official Charts Company , which is six days after the chart is announced ) .
The first new number-one album of the year was by Slayed ? by Slade . Overall , twenty different albums peaked at number one in 1973 , with David Bowie , Elton John , Slade and Various artists ( 2 ) having the joint most albums hit that position .
Top-ten albums
Key
See also
1973 in British music
List of number-one albums from the 1970s ( UK )
References
General
Specific
External links
1973 album chart archive at the Official Charts Company ( click on relevant week )
United Kingdom top 10 albums
Top 10 albums
1973
Jasmine Kennedie is an American drag performer most known for competing on season 14 of RuPaul 's Drag Race .
Early life
Jasmine Kennedie was raised in Binghamton , New York . Her drag name comes from the character Jasmine in Aladdin and John F. Kennedy , changing the `` y '' in her surname to `` ie '' ; her first drag name was Jasmine Rikers .
Career
She competed on season 14 of RuPaul 's Drag Race . She placed seventh overall after being eliminated in the eleventh episode 's LaLaPaRuza lip sync smackdown and attracted attention from viewers for her fights with fellow contestants Maddy Morphosis and Daya Betty .
Personal life
Jasmine Kennedie is based in Brooklyn , New York City . She came out as trans during the filming of Drag Race . She received praise from civil rights groups for coming out , according to CNN . Before doing drag , Jasmine played soccer for eight years , swam and dove for three .
Filmography
Television
Web series
Awards and nominations
See also
List of LGBT people from New York City
List of people from Binghamton , New York
References
External links
Jasmine Kennedie at IMDb
Living people
American drag queens
LGBT people from New York ( state )
People from Binghamton , New York
People from Brooklyn
RuPaul 's Drag Race contestants
Transgender drag performers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Blurs ( , also released as Spots ) is a 2011 Croatian drama film written and directed by Aldo Tardozzi .
Cast
Iskra Jirsak as Lana
Nika Miskovic as Irena
Živko Anočić as Igor
Ozren Grabarić as Zdravko
Goran Grgic as Lanin tata
Sanja Vejnovic as Lanina mama
References
External links
2011 films
2011 crime drama films
2011 directorial debut films
Croatian crime drama films
2010s Croatian-language films
Crime films based on actual events
The Pendjari National Park ( ) lies in north western Benin , adjoining the Arli National Park in Burkina Faso . Named for the Pendjari River , the national park is known for its wildlife and is home to some of the last populations of big game like the African forest elephant , lion , hippopotamus , African buffalo , and various antelopes in West Africa . The park is also famous for its richness in birds .
The Pendjari National Park has an area of and is part of the WAP complex ( W-Arli-Pendjari ) , a large protected area in Benin , Burkina Faso and Niger . Hills and cliffs in the Atakora range are visible from the park .
In March 2009 , the park was tentatively nominated for UNESCO 's World Heritage Site program , and in July 2017 , it was officially inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site as part of a transnational extension of the WAP Complex .
Ecology
The rocky cliffs of the area are sparsely wooded with Burkea africana , Detarium microcarpum , Lannea acida , Sterculia setigera and Combretum ghasalense . On the deep soils of some of the summits and the Atakora escarpment , there is a greater variety of plant species with Isoberlinia doka and Afzelia africana . The Pendjari River is surrounded by forest . The park includes both the Sudanian and Guinean savannas , with areas of grassland dominated by Acacia sieberiana and Mitragyna inermis or Terminalia macroptera . The annual rainfall is approximately . The park is open year-round , although from June to November , rainfall can be heavy , and certain parts of the park may be inaccessible .
Fauna and flora
Mammals
Pendjari National Park has a relatively large population of elephants , which was stable over the last decades and counted more than 800 individuals between 2005 and 2010 . The WAP Complex 's elephant population is more than 3,800 , making it the largest elephant concentration in all of western Africa .
The second largest species of the park is the hippopotamus . There are also large populations of several other large herbivores like African buffalo ( Syncerus caffer brachyceros ; c. 2,700 animals in 2000 ) , western hartebeests ( Alcelaphus buselaphus major ; c. 1,500 in 2000 ) , roan antelope ( c. 2,000 in 2000 ) , kob antelope ( c. 2,600 in 2000 ) , and warthogs . Some other antelope species like korrigum ( Damaliscus lunatus korrigum ) , bushbuck , and reedbuck are relatively rare . Smaller bovids are the red-flanked duiker , oribi , and common duiker . Primates are represented by the olive baboon , patas monkey , and tantalus monkey .
One of the rarest large predators in the protected area is the Northwest African cheetah ( Acinonyx jubatus hecki ) . As of 2007 , there were only about 5–13 individuals left in the national park and neighboring W National Park .
By 2009 , the lion ( Panthera leo leo ) population in the WAP Complex comprised about 100 animals and was possibly the largest in West Africa at the time .
The endangered West African wild dog ( Lycaon pictus manguensis ) was recorded in Pendjari National Park during a survey in April 2000 , as well as African leopard , spotted hyena , side-striped jackal , and African civet .
The number of waterbucks ( Kobus ellipsiprymnus defassa ) decreased from about 3,000 in the 1970s to 120 in 2004 .
Birds
The hooded vulture ( Necrosyrtes monachus ) is resident in the protected area , but in small numbers .
The park is renowned for its abundance of bird species .
Some 300 different species are present . Pallid harrier ( Circus macrourus ) and lesser kestrel ( Falco naumanni ) are occasionally recorded and there are a few isolated records for lappet-faced vulture ( Torgos tracheliotus ) . Fox kestrel ( Falco alopex ) is not uncommon , while the African swallow-tailed kite ( Chelictinia riocourii ) is a not uncommon dry season visitor . The booted eagle ( Hieraaetus pennatus ) has also been recorded here . BirdLife notes that `` the Pendjari is notable for large conspicuous species such as African openbill stork ( Anastomus lamelligerus ) , Abdim 's stork ( Ciconia abdimii ) , saddle-billed stork ( Ephippiorhynchus senegalensis ) , and seasonally , flocks of up to 60 European white storks ( Ciconia ciconia ) . The African fish eagle ( Haliaeetus vocifer ) and Pel 's fishing-owl ( Scotopelia peli ) can also be found . ''
Among the more notable species recorded are pied-winged swallow ( Hirundo leucosoma ) , white-crowned robin-chat ( Cossypha albicapillus ) , Botta 's wheatear ( Oenanthe bottae ) , familiar chat ( Cercomela familiaris ) , white-fronted black-chat ( Myrmecocichla albifrons ) , mocking cliff-chat ( Thamnolaea cinnamomeiventris ) , common rock thrush ( Monticola saxitilis ) , Senegal eremomela ( Eremomela pusilla ) , blackcap babbler ( Turdoides reinwardtii ) , red-winged pytilia ( Pytilia phoenicoptera ) , black-rumped waxbill ( Estrilda troglodytes ) , bush petronia ( Petronia dentata ) and Togo paradise-whydah ( Vidua togoensis ) .
Grey tit-flycatcher ( Myioparus plumbeus ) has been recorded as well as several other species of the undergrowth . White-throated greenbul ( Phyllastrephus albigularis ) has been recorded at Tanguiéta and the white-throated francolin ( Francolinus albogularis ) , a rare resident , has been spotted in farmland south of Natitingou . South of the park there is a large semi-protected zone known in French as La zone cygnetique de la Pendjari where a number of other species have been spotted . The National park and the bird habitat is protected by the government in Benin .
Other bird species include :
Fox kestrel ( Falco alopex ) resident 1998 - A3
Red-thighed sparrowhawk ( Accipiter erythropus ) resident 1998
Senegal parrot ( Poicephalus senegalus ) resident 1998 - A3
Violet turaco ( Musophaga violacea ) resident 1998 - A3
Blue-bellied roller ( Coracias cyanogaster ) resident 1998 - A3
Red-throated bee-eater ( Merops bulocki ) resident 1998 - A3
Bearded barbet ( Lybius dubius ) resident 1998 - A3
Yellow-billed shrike ( Corvinella corvina ) resident 1998 - A3
Piapiac ( Ptilostomus afer ) resident 1998 - A3
Yellow penduline-tit ( Anthoscopus parvulus ) resident 1998 - A3
Fanti saw-wing ( Psalidoprocne obscura ) resident 1998
Pied-winged swallow ( Hirundo leucosoma ) resident 1998 - A3
Senegal eremomela ( Eremomela pusilla ) resident 1998 - A3
Blackcap babbler ( Turdoides reinwardii ) resident 1998 - A3
Purple glossy-starling ( Lamprotornis purpureus ) resident 1998 - A3
White-crowned robin-chat ( Cossypha albicapilla ) resident 1998 - A3
Bush petronia ( Petronia dentata ) resident 1998 - A3
Red-winged pytilia ( Pytilia phoenicoptera ) resident 1998 - A3
Red-faced pytilia ( Pytilia hypogrammica ) resident 1998 - A3
Lavender waxbill ( Estrilda caerulescens ) resident 1998 - A3
Black-rumped waxbill ( Estrilda troglodytes ) resident 1998 - A3
Togo paradise-whydah ( Vidua togoensis ) resident 1998 - A3
References
Further reading
Assédé , E.P.S. , Adomou , A.C. & B. Sinsin ( 2012 ) Magnoliophyta , Biosphere reserve of Pendjari , Atacora Province , Benin . Check List 8 ( 4 ) : 642–661 .
Hogan , C.M . 2009 . Painted Hunting Dog : Lycaon pictus , GlobalTwitcher.com , ed . N. Stromberg
Legba , F. ( 2005 ) Contribution de la vegetation des collines de la zone cynegetique et du Parc National de la Pendjari du Benin comme milieu cadre et milieu de la faune sauvage . Thèse Ing . Agr. , Université d´Abomey-Calavi , Cotonou . 121 S .
Nago , S.G.A . ( 2005 ) Diversité des amphibiens dans les terroirs riverrains à la Zone Cynogénétique de la Pendjari . Mémoire de diplôme d´étude approfondies ( DEA ) , Université d´Abomey-Calavi , Cotonou .
UNDP/ GEF ( 2005 ) : Enhancing the effectiveness and catalyzing the sustainability of the W-Arly-Pendjari ( WAP ) protected area system . UNEP Project document PIMS 1617 .
Woodroffe , R. , Ginsberg , J.R. and D.W. Macdonald . 1997 . The African wild dog : status survey and conservation action plan , IUCN/SSC Candid Specialist Group , Published by IUCN , pages 166
External links
Official Page
Photos of Pendjari National Park
$ 23.5 million funding pledge aims to protect critical West African national park
African Parks ( organisation )
Biosphere reserves of Benin
Important Bird Areas of Benin
National parks of Benin
Loxton is a town on the south bank of the River Murray in the Riverland region of South Australia . It is located on the lands of the Erawirung people who occupied the area before European colonisation .
At the 2016 census , Loxton had a population of 4,568 . It is a service town for the surrounding districts . Loxton 's primary productions are agriculture & horticulture . Citrus fruit , wine grapes , almond and stone fruit trees are prevalent . Loxton is also the main town for the northern part of the Murray Mallee which is a dryland farming and grain cropping area . Loxton High School provides secondary education for the area .
Loxton has a pioneer settlement museum ( known as the Loxton Historical Village ) , preserving the heritage of the mallee region . It is also famous for the `` Loxton Lights Up '' Christmas Festival in December each year , and the annual 120m Loxton Gift handicap sprint race held in late February . The town hosts the second round of the Australian HPV Super Series in May annually .
Loxton is the seat of the local government area of the District Council of Loxton Waikerie . It is in the South Australian House of Assembly electoral district of Chaffey and the Australian House of Representatives division of Barker .
The town is home to a variety of service clubs , most notably the Apex Club , Rotary Club and Lions Club .
Media
Historically , Loxton has been home to several newspapers . These include :
Loxton Clarion ( and Murray lands Advocate ) ( 2 July 1925–2 October 1928 ) - The Loxton Clarion 's proprietor , Jack Irving , endeavoured to produce a publication reflecting the concerns of Loxton and surrounding districts . Its articles covered crops , care of livestock , vehicle maintenance , and local sport . From 23 July 1925 , it was known as The Loxton Clarion and Murray Lands Guardian . In late 1928 , it was absorbed into The Murray Pioneer and Australian River Record .
Loxton Community Newsletter ( June 1956–March 1960 ) - A monthly newspaper , published by The Loxton District War Memorial Community Centre , and incorporated into the Loxton News in 1960 .
Loxton News ( 28 April 1960 – 2020 ) - Irving came out of retirement to found a new newspaper . In 1964 it ( like Irving 's Clarion ) was sold to the Murray Pioneer . The newspaper has gone on to win many Country Press SA awards .
Transport
The first form of regular transport to Loxton was paddle steamers on the Murray River . The Loxton railway line was completed in 1914 connecting via Alawoona and Tailem Bend to Adelaide . Loxton today is connected by road to the Sturt Highway which passes nearby at Kingston-on-Murray and is the northern terminus of the Karoonda Highway and eastern terminus of the Stott Highway . The railway now terminates at the Tookayerta grain terminal a few kilometres out of town , but does not carry passengers , and is anticipated to close completely in 2015 .
Salt interception scheme
Loxton is a town with many farms and fruit crops . The joint programme of salt interception schemes to help keep salt out of the River Murray , costing an estimated $ 60 million , commenced in 2001 . This programme was expected to deliver 61 EC at Morgan by December 2007 . The partner Governments of New South Wales , Victoria and South Australia and the Commonwealth have agreed that joint salt interception schemes must both be economically and technically feasible .
Loxton Gift
The Loxton Gift athletics carnival offers the most prize money in South Australia apart from the Bay Sheffield held at Glenelg . The program includes races from 70m to 1000m and is the final major South Australian lead-up event to the Stawell Gift held at Easter .
Loxton Pedal Prix
Since 2014 , the streets of the town have been shut off in May for the running of the Loxton Pedal Prix , which is a round of the Australian HPV Super Series . The track incorporates the major central roundabout and the surrounding main streets . It includes two long 600m straights , one uphill and one downhill . The event has proved popular with locals , riders and spectators alike , and is now a mainstay on the Australian HPV Super Series calendar . In 2018 it will be round 2 of the series .
Heritage listings
Loxton has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
Bookpurnong Terrace : St Peter 's Evangelical Lutheran Church and Hall
29 East Terrace : Loxton Institute
6 Pflaum Terrace : Loxton Villa
Notable persons born in Loxton
Emily Beaton ( b . 1987 ) , Australian netballer with the Adelaide Thunderbirds , currently in the Australian Diamonds Netball Squad .
Grant Schubert ( b . 1980 ) , Australian field hockey striker , 2004 Summer Olympics gold medalist and 2006 Commonwealth Games gold medalist .
Sophie Edington ( b . 1984 ) , Australian swimmer
Grantley Fielke ( b . 1962 ) , former Australian rules footballer who played for West Adelaide in the SANFL and for both Collingwood and the Adelaide Crows in the VFL-AFL between 1979 and 1997 . Magarey medallist in 1985 .
Alex Carey ( b . 1991 ) , Australian cricketer
Tim Storer ( b . 1969 ) , Australian independent senator 2018–2019
Mark deCaux ( b . 1965 ) Host of the popular series The Bush Bee Man
Climate
Loxton experiences a cold semi-arid climate ( Köppen climate classification : BSk ) , Trewartha : BSak ) ; with warm , dry summers ; mild dry springs and autumns ; and mild , relatively dry winters .
References
External links
Loxton Tourism
Loxton Football Club
Loxton Golf Club
Towns in South Australia
Populated places on the Murray River
Riverland
Celaenoteuthis is a genus of muensterellid stem-octopod from southern Germany . It is monotypic , with only type species C. incerta known .
References
Taxa described in 1922
Octopuses
Prehistoric cephalopod genera
Diabetes Mine is a Web 2.0 ( Health 2.0 ) web log focused on issues related to diabetes . Written by Amy Tenderich , DiabetesMine offers news , analysis , and opinions on issues that relate to the diabetes community . In addition , the author offers personal perspectives , experiences and observations , and encourages readers to do the same .
Readers can contribute to DiabetesMine by submitting their personal stories of diagnosis and the challenges of living with diabetes . Partners and loved ones of people with diabetes can also participate in a section called “ The Diabetic Partner Follies. ” Updated almost daily , DiabetesMine is an online hub for the diabetes community .
In January 2015 , DiabetesMine moved to a new home under Healthline .
In March 2022 , Healthline decided to close down the editorial content on DiabetesMine . This was publicly announced in April 2022 .
Amy Tenderich
Amy Tenderich was diagnosed in May 2003 with type 1 diabetes while in her mid-thirties . Then a freelance journalist for the IT industry , she approached the subject of diabetes with a writer 's curiosity .
Now a contributor on diabetes for HealthCentral.com and a monthly columnist for dLife , Amy has co-authored a book called `` Know Your Numbers , Outlive Your Diabetes '' .
References
External links
Diabetes Mine blog
American medical websites
Diabetes
The State were an Australian band , which formed as The Cutters . Their second single , `` Real Love '' ( October 1988 ) , was nominated for the 1989 ARIA Award for Best New Talent . They released their debut album , Elementary , in February 1989 . After the State disbanded , all four members formed Southern Sons with Jack Jones late that year .
History
The Cutters were formed in Melbourne by Peter Bowman on guitars and vocals ( ex-Talk That Walk ) , Phil Buckle on vocals and guitar , and Geoff Cain on bass guitar . They were joined by Virgil Donati on drums ( ex-Cloud Nine , Taste , Peter Cupples Band , the Cosy Connection ) and changed their name to the State in 1987 .
By 1988 the group were signed to Glenn Wheatley 's label , Wheatley Bros Records , and released their debut single , `` Responsible '' , in June . It was followed by `` Real Love '' in October . At the ARIA Music Awards of 1989 they were nominated for Best New Talent for `` Real Love '' . They issued their debut album , Elementary , in February 1989 .
The Ages Mike Daly observed , `` [ there ] is some polished playing on [ the album ] but it is undermined by predictable material . The quartet ... produce hi-tech pop dominated by Donati 's hard-edged acoustic and synthesised rhythms . Buckle is an accomplished guitarist , a jazz fusion veteran like Donati , which gives this group more chops than most contemporary bands . The opener . 'Responsible ' , is catchy , while some flashy guitar is unleashed on 'Real Love ' and 'One Step ' , with strong vocal back-up . But the songwriting is superficial and short on melodic hooks . ''
During 1989 the State supported the Eurythmics Australian tour . According to Australian musicologist , Ian McFarlane , `` [ their ] future looked promising , but there was one vital ingredient required to make the push into the big time ( i.e . a good frontman and songwriter ) . '' The State members formed Southern Sons with American-born guitarist-vocalist , Jack Jones ( Irwin Thomas ) , in 1989 , who became their frontman . Jones `` had auditioned for the band previously but was considered too young . ''
Band members
Peter Bowman – guitar , vocals
Phil Buckle – vocals , guitar
Geoff Cain – bass guitar
Virgil Donati – drums
Discography
Albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence , innovation , and achievement across all genres of Australian music . They commenced in 1987 .
|
|-
|rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1989
| `` Real Love ''
| ARIA Award for Best New Talent
|
|rowspan=3 '' |
|-
| Ross Fraser for `` Real Love '' by The State
| ARIA Award for Producer of the Year
|
|-
| Doug Brady for `` Real Love '' & `` So Lonely Now '' by The State
| ARIA Award for Engineer of the Year
|
|-
References
Australian rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups disestablished in 1989
Musical groups from Melbourne
Rafael Schächter ( born 25 May 1905 , died on the death march during the evacuation of Auschwitz in 1945 ) , was a Czechoslovak composer , pianist and conductor of Jewish origin , organizer of cultural life in Terezín concentration camp .
Life
He came from Romanian town Brăila , but after World War I he came to Brno , where he studied piano at Vilém Kurz . He moved to Prague with Kurz and started to study piano at master school with Karel Hoffmeister , and composition and conducting at Prague Conservatory . After he finished studies , he was engaged ( in 1934 ) to avant-garde theatre Déčko by E. F. Burian .
In 1937 he established own ensemble—Komorní opera , where he performed lesser-known chamber and also baroque music .
After the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 , the Nazi administration began a program of mass incarceration , deportation , and genocide of the 100,000+ Jewish people there , including the establishment of the Theresienstadt ghetto and concentration camp in the Czech town of Terezín . Schächter was sent to Terezín on 30 November 1941 in Transport H , serial number 128 . Here he set up a smuggled piano in the basement of the men 's barracks housing . Without the constant oversight of Nazi soldiers within the camp , Schächter was able to assemble a male choir to keep morale high . He also managed to slip by the barred gates of the men 's section to the woman 's barracks to assemble a female choir there as well . When the genders were reintegrated by the Nazis , Schächter 's established choir was able to gain clemency from the camp director . With his choir , which numbered well in excess of 200 members , he was able to create , often from a single score , productions of famous operas and works of classical music .
The first opera performed in Terezín was The Bartered Bride by Bedřich Smetana . Schächter rehearsed the performance only with piano and improvised choir and solos , but it was subjected to great acclaim . The initial performance took place on 25 November 1942 without permission from the Freizeitgestaltung ( Administration of Free Time Activities ) , but the concert opera was so well received that it was shown to administration and approved for an official premiere on 28 November 1942 . The performance was reprised many times.Schächter also staged performances of Smetana operaThe Kiss , Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro and The Magic Flute , and Pergolesi 's La Serva Padrona .
Schächter also led approximately sixteen performances of Verdi 's Requiem and reportedly taught the 150 member choir their parts by rote . It is estimated that the first performance occurred in January 1942 , with a chorus of 150 and a piano for accompaniment . Over the following months , even as his choir shrank , the Requiem was performed approximately 15 additional times . The final performance , however , served as propaganda as Schächter was forced to perform excerpts of the oratorio before visiting members of the International Red Cross and Schutzstaffel ( S.S. ) .
A few months after this final performance , on 16 October 1944 , under transport 943 , Schächter was loaded into a rail road cattle car with approximately 1,000 other prisoners . They were transported during a 3-day journey to the infamous Auschwitz camp . According to a survivor 's account , he later went to three more death camps and died in the last .
References
Bibliography
Kuna , Milan : Hudba vzdoru a naděje . Terezín 1941-1945 . Praha : Editio Bärenreiter , 2000 . H 7822
Šormová , Eva : Divadlo v Terezíně 1941/1945 . Památník Terezín , 1973 .
- Czech novel about Rafael Schächter
External links
Documents about Rafael Schächter in the collection of the Jewish Museum Prague
Jewish-theatre.com
Raphael Schächter - Music and the Holocaust
1905 births
1945 deaths
20th-century composers
20th-century conductors ( music )
20th-century pianists
20th-century Czech male musicians
Czech composers
Czech male composers
Czech pianists
Czech conductors ( music )
Jewish composers
Male conductors ( music )
Male pianists
People from Brăila
Czech Jews who died in the Holocaust
Czech people who died in Auschwitz concentration camp
Czechoslovak civilians killed in World War II
Theresienstadt Ghetto prisoners
Trichoniscus pusillus , sometimes called the common pygmy woodlouse , is one of the five most common species of woodlice in the British Isles . It is acknowledged to be the most abundant terrestrial isopod in Britain . It is found commonly across Europe north of the Alps , and has been introduced to Madeira , the Azores and North America .
Description
T. pusillus may be distinguished from other British woodlice chiefly by its small size , which reaches no more than . Its body is elongated and quite rounded in cross-section , and typically purplish . It may be separated from related species in North America by its eyes of three ocelli each , rather than the single ocellus in the eyes of its relative Hyloniscus riparius .
Reproduction
There are two distinct reproductive strategies within the species Trichoniscus pusillus . Many populations are , like most metazoans , bisexual and reproduce sexually ; in other cases , females reproduce parthenogenetically , creating clones of themselves . The sexually reproducing form is diploid while the parthenogenetic form is triploid ; since parthenogenesis always produces females , males are always diploid and can only be produced by sexual reproduction .
The frequency of males in the population decreases from south to north ( a latitudinal cline ) and in increasingly open habitats , with no males observed in most of Scotland and Scandinavia , but more than 15 % males in the Iberian and Apennine Peninsulas .
The reproductive season lasts from March to September , and one to three breeding waves may be observed . Females are gravid for 4–5 weeks before releasing 4–18 mancae from the brood pouch .
Ecology
Like other woodlice , T. pusillus eats decaying plant matter of various kinds , although only alder litter is capable of sustaining a stable reproducing population .
Predators of T. pusillus include the common shrew Sorex araneus , lycosid and dysderid spiders , centipedes such as Lithobius variegatus and perhaps carabid beetles .
Trichoniscus pusillus is susceptible to infection by isopod iridescence virus , or Iridovirus ( Iridoviridae ) . This is first apparent as a blue sheen on the unpigmented underside of the animals , but soon spreads to give the entire exoskeleton a bluish iridescence .
Classification
Several former subspecies of T. pusillus are now treated as separate species . These include Trichoniscus alticola , Trichoniscus baschierii , Trichoniscus provisorius , Trichoniscus noriucs and Trichoniscus pygmaeus .
See also
List of woodlice of the British Isles
References
External links
Isopoda
Woodlice
Crustaceans described in 1833
Woodlice of Europe
The Kamouraska river ( in French : rivière Kamouraska ) is a tributary of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River where it flows two km east of the center of the village of Kamouraska . This river flows in the municipalities of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant , Mont-Carmel , Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska , Saint-Pascla and Kamouraska , in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent , in province of Quebec , in Canada .
Geography
The Kamouraska River has its source in Rang Chénard , in the eastern part of the municipality of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant . Its basin covers nearly , including the sub-basins of Dufour River , Saint-Denis and Tar River .
This source is located at southeast of the south shore of the middle St. Lawrence estuary , at south-east of the center of the village of Saint-Pacôme , east of the center of the village of Saint-Gabriel-de-Kamouraska and south of the center of the village of Mont-Carmel .
From its source , the Kamouraska River flows over , with a drop of , divided into the following segments :
towards the northeast in Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant , to the limit of Mont-Carmel ;
towards the northeast¸ by collecting the Albert stream ( coming from the north ) , up to route 287 ;
northeasterly , collecting the Roussel stream , up to the limit between Mont-Carmel and Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska ( Township of Woodbridge ) ;
north , crossing the Petit-Bras road , collecting water from the Saint-Denis river ( coming from the east ) and crossing under the bridge of another road , up to the limit of Saint-Pascal ;
( or in a direct line ) towards the north-west , forming a large loop to the north-east and crossing `` Les Sept Chutes '' , until 'au chemin du 4th Rang Ouest ;
( or in a direct line ) north-west and crossing the Chute Dancauste , winding up to route 230 ;
( or in a direct line ) towards the west , collecting the waters of the Dufour river ( coming from the south ) , until the highway 20 ;
( or in a direct line ) towards the north-west , winding up to the road of the Rang de l'Embarras ;
( or in a direct line ) towards the north-west , passing to the west of the mountain of Embarras and collecting the waters of the Lévesque watercourse , winding up to the Kamouraska road ;
north , to the limit of Kamouraska ( municipality ) ( village ) ;
north-west into Kamouraska ( municipality ) , the last of which served as the old boundary between Kamouraska ( village ) and Saint-Louis-de-Kamouraska ( parish ) ; this segment crosses route 132 , up to the confluence of the river .
The confluence of the Kamouraska River is located west of the center of the village of Saint-Pacôme , at north of the center of the village of La Pocatière and north of the confluence of the Saint-Jean River ( La Pocatière ) .
Toponymy
The earliest use of the name “ Kamouraska River ” was noted in the deed of concession of the Kamouraska seigneury of July 15 , 1674 : “ [ … ] three leagues of land abreast along of the St. Lawrence River , know : two leagues above the river called Kamouraska [ … ] ” . Since the 17th century , the name `` Kamouraska River '' has been found in dozens of documents and maps . About thirty official place names in Quebec contain the specific Kamouraska . The origin of this Native American term remains uncertain . This name could come from the Algonquin word akamaraska meaning `` where there are rushes at the edge of the water '' . While in the Mi'kmaq language , this toponymic name is explained by the term kamoo , meaning `` extended '' , and askaw , meaning `` hay or rush '' .
In the history of this area , which dates back to the beginning of the French colony , the inhabitants have made use of about fifteen other appellations designating the Kamouraska River , some of which are still in popular use .
In the past , this waterway was designated `` Pearl River '' on maps . This toponymic variant was initially noted in the 1920s ; it would come from the presence , at the time , of pearl mussels at the bottom of this stream . In the area upstream of the river , the tributaries were designated `` Le Petit Bras '' and Rivière du Petit Bras , toponymic usage beginning at the beginning of the 19th century . These variants would come from the confluence , in this sector , of the Kamouraska river and the Saint-Denis river , which was commonly referred to as “ Le Grand Bras ” .
The toponym “ Kamouraska River ” was formalized on March 7 , 2006 , by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
A Night to Remember is the second studio album from Christian musician Shonlock , released on March 18 , 2014 , by Arrow Records and produced by Joshua Crosby , Solomon Otis and Tim Rosenau . The album saw commercial charting successes and positive critical reception .
Critical reception
A Night to Remember garnered critical praise . At CCM Magazine , Andrew Greer rated the album four stars out of five , stating that `` Shonlock is pure gold . '' Dwayne Lacy of New Release Tuesday rated the album four stars out of five , calling it a `` solid offering '' on which `` This time there is an extra zest added to accent it . '' At Jesus Freak Hideout , David Craft rated the album four stars out of five , writing how the release `` is a magnificently tasteful project , encompassing all of the elements that Shonlock has come to represent . '' Yet , Craft says that `` The 10-track album can feel a little short , but is assertively complete , and although there are a few weaker or average songs , the vast majority of the album hits a home run . '' Timothy Estabrooks of Jesus Freak Hideout rated the album three-and-a-half stars out of five , saying how he is `` pleasantly surprised '' with the album and `` While Shonlock is n't breaking new ground here , instead sticking to a tried and true hip-hop influenced electronic dance pop sound , he 's really quite good at what he does . '' Also , Estabrooks states that `` While this album may be too familiar or too radio-friendly to deserve an abundance of praise , it 's still a great dance pop album and is definitely worthy of more than a few spins . ''
At Christian Music Review , Daniel Edgeman rated the album four-and-a-half stars out of five , noting how the release `` has soft R & B along with the uptempo songs that get you moving '' , and writes that the project is `` a pep rally for your Christian walk . '' Jason Rouse of Alpha Omega News graded the album an A , saying that he recommends this album to anyone who just likes hip-hop music because `` The lyrics are powerful and meaningful while the beats make it hard for you to sit still . '' Furthermore , Rouse notes that `` This CD focuses on the moment someone invites Jesus into their life and the experiences that are tied to that decision . '' At CM Addict , David Bunce rated the album a perfect five stars , stating that `` Every once in a while there 's an album that stands out as not just a piece of art , but a bridge which unites thought , talent , powerful lyrics , and fun '' , so he it is `` definitely [ ... ] an album to remember ! '' Jessica Morris of Jesus Wired rated the album an eight out of ten stars , calling it `` A convoluted yet simple album , A Night To Remember sees Shonlock exercising the best of his musical abilities , drawing his audience closer to the truth of God . ''
Commercial performance
For the Billboard charting week of April 5 , 2014 , A Night to Remember charted at No . 20 on the Top Heatseekers Albums , No . 46 on the Christian Albums , and No . 14 on the Gospel Albums chart .
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2014 albums
Shonlock albums
Vazovo ( , formerly Ески Балабанлар , ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria , part of the Isperih Municipality of Razgrad Province , located in the central part of the Ludogorie region . Vazovo has an area of 20.843 km2 . The closest villages to Vazovo are Sveshtari to the south and Raynino to the north . In the period 1913-1916 and again between 1919 and 1940 , when Southern Dobrudzha was under Romanian control , the Bulgarian-Romanian border passed just north of the village . In 1934 the village was renamed Vazovo , after the Bulgarian writer Ivan Vazov .
Vazovo “ Eski Balabanlar ” its been a Turkish settlement since early 14th century , most who migrated to Turkey in between 1900 and 1989 .
References
Villages in Razgrad Province
Melanopsis mourebeyensis is a species of small freshwater gastropod endemic to the Oued Oum Rbi ( Oued Oum er Rbia ) , in Morocco . M. mourebeyensis is distinct from other Melanopsis species due to its distinctive nodular carena and inflated body whorl- the shell grows to 20 mm in length . The species occupies the lower section of the river , in which it has an abundant population despite issues with pollution , abstraction and divergence caused by irrigation which disturbs the natural shallow-riverine habitat of melanopsids . It is also vulnerable to the collection of shells . The species is classified as Endangered by the IUCN .
References
Caenogastropoda
Molluscs of Africa
Gastropods described in 1901
Two human polls comprised the 1950 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
This was the first season that the AP released a preseason poll before any games were played in August . The final AP Poll was released on November 27 , near the end of the 1950 regular season , weeks before the major bowls . The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968 .
Coaches Poll
This was the first year for the UP Coaches Poll , and its final edition was released prior to the bowl games , on
Oklahoma received 32 of the 35 first-place votes , with one vote each to Princeton , Michigan State ,
References
College football rankings
Trifluoromethanesulfonic anhydride , also known as triflic anhydride , is the chemical compound with the formula ( CF3SO2 ) 2O . It is the acid anhydride derived from triflic acid . This compound is a strong electrophile , useful for introducing the triflyl group , CF3SO2 . Abbreviated Tf2O , triflic anhydride is the acid anhydride of the strong acid triflic acid , CF3SO2OH .
Preparation and uses
Triflic anhydride is prepared by dehydration of triflic acid using P4O10 .
Triflic anhydride is useful for converting ketones into enol triflates .
In a representative application , is used to convert an imine into a NTf group . It will convert phenols into a triflic ester , which enables cleavage of the C-O bond .
Assay
The typical impurity in triflic anhydride is triflic acid , which is also a colorless liquid . Samples of triflic anhydride can be assayed by 19F NMR spectroscopy : −72.6 ppm vs. −77.3 for TfOH ( std CFCl3 ) .
Safety
It is an aggressive electrophile and readily hydrolyzes to the strong acid triflic acid . It is very harmful to skin and eyes .
See also
Methanesulfonic anhydride
References
Triflyl compounds
Acid anhydrides
Reagents for organic chemistry
Valentine Wheels is the sixty-fourth release and ninth live album by Tangerine Dream . The album was recorded in 1997 from the first half of the Shepherds Bush concert . The album was initially available only through the internet . The next year , the album was officially released at retail . This is the final album to feature guitarist Zlatko Perica as a member .
Track listing
Personnel
Tangerine Dream
Edgar Froese - keyboards
Jerome Froese - keyboards
Zlatko Perica - guitar
Guest musicians
Emil Hachfeld - percussion
References
1998 live albums
Tangerine Dream albums
Over 50 contracted and former Celtic F.C . players fought in World War I , seven of whom died . Of those that fought , William Angus was awarded the Victoria Cross for bravery in battle .
Background
In the early 20th Century Celtic F.C . was already a successful club having won 10 Scottish League Championships and 8 Scottish Cups in their 26-year history ( by 1914 ) . Celtic won the league four times in a row during World War I . During this run of league championships , Celtic went 62 matches unbeaten from 20 November 1915 until 14 April 1917 , a record in British football that stood for a century . However , football was not as important due to the War effort ; attendances fell , player 's salaries were reduced and there was increased pressure to complete the fixture list . On one occasion in 1916 , during their 62 match unbeaten run , Celtic had to play two matches on the same day against Raith Rovers and Motherwell , and won both 6–0 and 3–1 respectively . Recruitment drives were also held at football matches and on one occasion an exhibition of trench warfare was held at Celtic Park .
Over 50 contracted and former Celtic players served in the war . Of the 908,371 British and Commonwealth soldiers who died in the fighting , six were former Celtic players whilst one was still a contracted player at the club . The fallen were Patrick Slavin , Leigh Richmond Roose , Donnie McLeod , Archie McMillan , Bob Craig , John McLaughlin and Peter Johnstone . Roose and Slavin died in the Battle of the Somme ( 1916 ) , four others died in 1917 and Craig died in 1918 .
The men who died
Leigh Roose
Roose was a Welsh goalkeeper who played a trial match for Celtic in 1910 . He had 24 caps for Wales and a Doctorate in Bacteriology before he joined the 9th Royal Fusiliers in 1914 . He rose to the rank of Lance Corporal and was awarded the Military Medal before his death on 7 October 1916 between the hours of 1.45pm and 9.00pm in the Battle for Montauban . His regiment was sent to attack the enemy line and it is believed that he died as a result of heavy machine gun fire and shelling when his regiment came under attack ( he is recorded as missing on the Thiepval Memorial ) . On that day it is recorded 25 died , 165 missing and 132 wounded .
Patrick Slavin
Slavin was the second former player to die . He rose to the rank of Sergeant and was with the 2nd Battalion Royal Scots and died 13 November 1916 , in the 2nd Battle for the village of Serre . The day he died it was reported that there was thick fog by 5 am and that the enemy 's barbed wire was not cut , he is reported to have been shot dead after `` going over the top '' , that day 23 died , 84 missing and 177 wounded .
John McLaughlin
McLaughlin 's records are scant which is an indication that he may never have made a first team appearance for Celtic . However , it is known that he played for Mossend Hibs and Renton . He held the rank of private and was in the 11th Battalion of the Highland Light Infantry . He was injured on 23 April 1917 when his battalion came under fire at the Battle of Calvary Farm at Monchy Le Preux which is north of Arras . He did not survive his wounds and died on 10 May 1917 .
Peter Johnstone
Peter Johnstone was the only contracted Celtic player to give his life in the war – a pre-war club legend who had played for Celtic 223 times and won the league four times under manager Willie Maley . Peter joined the 6th Battalion of the Seaforth Highlanders . He died in May 1917 , when his regiment were told to capture a chemical factory as part of the Battle of Arras . In the second day of the battle it was reported 43 died , 26 missing and 51 wounded ; although he among the missing , rumours of his death spread around Glasgow and were confirmed on 6 June 1917 . His name is engraved on the Arras Memorial .
Archie McMillan
Archie McMillan was an outside left who failed to make a competitive appearance for Celtic . He held the rank of Private and was in the 1st/7th Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders . From 21 to 23 November 1917 , his regiment was involved in heavy fighting in the Battle of Cambrai . Their orders were to capture the village of Fontaine-Notre-Dame , Aisne and although they were successful he was shot dead and was among the 9 dead , 22 missing and 128 wounded . He is buried in a British war cemetery in Manancourt .
Donald McLeod
Donald `` Donnie '' McLeod was a full back who played 155 times for Celtic between 1902 and 1908 . He subsequently moved to Middlesbrough and was playing for them when he joined the army . He was a gunner in the 466th Battery of the 65th Royal Field Artillery . It is known that he died of his injuries on 6 October 1917 the cause of them is unknown . However it is most certain that he died in Belgium and was involved ( or died ) in the Battle of Passchendaele . McLeod is buried in Dozingham Military Cemetery , Westvleteren , Belgium , Plot 5 , Row G , Grave 7 .
Bob Craig
Bob Craig left Celtic in 1909 , having spent three seasons at the club and was the final former Celtic player to die in the war . He was a full-back and played 13 times for the club . He was a private in the 5th Battalion of the South Wales Borderers and died on 19 April 1918 . He died of his wounds from 11/04/1918 when the enemy re-captured the town of Mesen in Belgium . He is buried in Boulogne Eastern Cemetery , plot 9 , row A , grave 3 .
William Angus VC
In 1914 William Angus was captain of Wishaw Thistle . Details of his time at Celtic remain uncertain , but he was contracted to the club for a short spell before the war , making a couple of appearances for the reserve team . He left the club at some point in season 1913/14 and returned to his primary occupation as a miner in Carluke . He was also a Territorial soldier in the local battalion of the Highland Light Infantry . In 1914 his unit was mobilized and his entire company was sent as a reinforcement draft to the 8th Royal Scots . He crossed to France later that year and in June 1915 , near Givenchy , he was awarded the Victoria Cross for bravery and valour in rescuing Lt James Martin who had fallen wounded a few feet from the German line . Angus was wounded 40 times in the process and lost an eye . When he came home to Scotland he was given a hero 's welcome and was always a guest of honour in major football matches . He also became the president of Carluke Rovers F.C . and held that position until his death .
Charity
Despite not being actively involved in the conflict , the people at homemade valuable contributions to the war effort . In 1918 Celtic won the Navy and Army War Fund Shield , a friendly tournament that Celtic and a few other teams agreed to take part as a fundraising event to give money to footballers and their families who fought in the war .
See also
History of Celtic F.C .
Association football during World War I
References
External links
TheCelticWiki
For Valour
Hellfire Corner
Celtic F.C .
Lists of World War I veterans
The 2012 Rushmoor Council elections took place on Thursday 3 May 2012 to elect members of Rushmoor Borough Council in Hampshire , England .
It was a very good night for the Labour Party and their Leader Cllr Keith Dibble who achieved the highest percentage vote on the night . Labour gained the three seats in the new Cherrywood ward in Farnborough . The first time Labour has had councillors in Farnborough for ten years .
The controlling Tories lost 5 seats , Labour gained 5 , UKIP gained 1 and the Lib Dems lost all 4 seats .
The Tories had a reduced majority
The whole of the council was up for election following a boundary review that has reorganised the distribution of council wards throughout the borough . The council will now be composed of 13 wards , each of which will elect three members to create a council of 39 councillors .
Election result
Ward results
Aldershot
Cherrywood
Cove and Southwood
Empress
Fernhill
Knellwood
Manor Park
North Town
Rowhill
St John 's
St Mark 's
Wellington
West Heath
References
2012 English local elections
2012
2010s in Hampshire
The Union for Progress ( Union pour le Progrès , UP ) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo . In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5 , 2007 , the party won 2 out of 137 seats . Jean-Martin Mbemba , who currently serves in the government as Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform , has been the President of the UP since it was founded in October 1990 .
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 1990
1990 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Osvaldo Fattoruso ( 12 May 1948 - 29 July 2012 ) was a Uruguayan musician .
He introduced rock in Latin America and created a fusion between jazz , rock and African rhythms .
He died on 29 July 2012 , and is buried at the Cementerio del Norte , Montevideo .
He was the brother of Hugo Fattoruso and Sylvia Veronica Fattoruso .
References
External links
`` Trio Fattoruso ''
Osvaldo Fattoruso , Duelo de Tambores .
1948 births
2012 deaths
Uruguayan musicians
20th-century Uruguayan male singers
Uruguayan jazz musicians
Latin jazz musicians
Uruguayan composers
Male composers
Jazz composers
Jazz drummers
Uruguayan guitarists
Uruguayan male guitarists
Uruguayan drummers
Male drummers
Uruguayan male musicians
Deaths from cancer in Uruguay
Burials at the Cementerio del Norte , Montevideo
Male jazz composers
Opa ( Uruguayan band ) members
Kuruppasserry Varkey Thomas ( born 10 May 1946 ) , commonly known as K. V. Thomas , is an Indian politician from Kumbalangi in Ernakulam district , Kerala , India . He represented Ernakulam Constituency from 2009 to 2019 . He was the Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Minister of State in the Ministry of Consumer Affairs , Food and Public Distribution , 2nd UPA Government ; a member of the Indian Parliament ; and a member of All India Congress Committee ( since 1984 ) .
Personal life
K. V. Thomas was born to K. D. Varkey and Rose Varkey on 10 May 1946 . He has two elder brothers , Dr. K. V. Peter and K. V. Joseph . He is married to Sherly Thomas . They have a daughter and two sons .
Career
Thomas was a member of the 11th ( 2001-2006 ) and 12th ( 2006-2009 ) Kerala Legislative Assembly representing the Ernakulam assembly constituency . While contesting the 2009 Indian general election he was an MLA from Ernakulam . He served as the Minister for Excise and Tourism and Minister for Tourism and Fisheries between 2001 and 2004 in Government of Kerala . Thomas was a member of Lok Sabha from 1984 to 1996 and then from 2009 to 2019 . During his long political career he held several positions like President , 7th Ward Congress Committee ( 1970–75 ) ; Convener , Block Youth Congress , Palluruthy ( 1971–80 ) ; General Secretary . Cochin Taluk INTUC ( 1971–76 ) , Kerala INTUC ( 1986–91 ) , DCC Ernakulam ( 1978–86 ) ; Treasurer , KPCC ( 1991–96 ) ; President of Ernakulam District Congress ( I ) Committee ; Member of KPCC ; Member of Kerala State Election Congress ( I ) Committee ; Organising Secretary & General Secretary of INTUC ( Kerala ) ; AICC Observer to Tamil Nadu , Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh and Lakshadweep . He is also a member of General Council of INTUC ( trade union wing of the Indian National Congress ) since 1976 . He served as the chairman of PAC ( Public Accounts Committee ) for three years from 2014 to 2017 .
On 2022 April 10th , Thomas attended a seminar in CPI ( M ) 's 23rd party Congress in Kannur . For this he was officially removed from key party posts . In 2022 May , shortly after attending an election campaign of the Left Democratic Front in Kochi , he was expelled from the Congress party for alleged anti-party activities .
Education
Thomas holds a MSc degree in Chemistry and was a Professor of Chemistry for a period of 33 years at Sacred Heart College , Thevara . He served as the Head of the Department ( Chemistry ) from 1 June 1999 to 31 May 2001 .
Other positions that Thomas held include Member of Defence Consultative Committee ; Member of Civil Aviation and Tourism Consultative Committee ; Court Member of Jawaharlal Nehru University , New Delhi and Pondicherry University ; Director Board Member of Marine Products Export Development Authority ; Director of Cochin International Airport Limited ; President of All Kerala Ration Dealers Association ; Working President of Indian Rare Earth Employees Congress ; Chairman of Indira Gandhi Co-operative Hospital , Ernakulam ( 1994–96 ) , Member of Official Language Committee of the Kerala Legislative Assembly ( 2004–06 ) .
Biography
Thomas is the author of several books . His first book , `` Ente Kumbalangi '' , which is about his native village Kumbalangi , was released on 17 , November 2004 . Since then he has published five more books .
References
External links
Prof. K V Thomas 's Official Election Website
Fifteenth Lok Sabha - Prof. K.V.Thomas 's Bio profile page
Prof. K. V. Thomas - A brief biography
Union ministers of state of India
Politicians from Kochi
India MPs 2009–2014
1946 births
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians from Kerala
India MPs 1984–1989
India MPs 1989–1991
India MPs 1991–1996
Lok Sabha members from Kerala
India MPs 2014–2019
Malayali politicians
20th-century Indian chemists
Scientists from Kochi
The is a cantaloupe cultivar farmed in greenhouses in Yūbari , Hokkaido , a small city close to Sapporo .
The Yubari King is a hybrid of two other cantaloupe cultivars : Earl 's Favourite and Burpee 's `` Spicy '' Cantaloupe . The hybrid 's scientific name is Cucumis melo L. var . reticulatus Naud . cv . Yubari King .
A top-grade melon is to be perfectly round and have an exceptionally smooth rind . A portion of the stem , which is snipped with scissors , is left on top for aesthetic appeal . Some Japanese people present Yubari King melons as gifts during .
At a Japanese auction in 2008 , two Yubari King melons sold together for ¥2.5million . In 2016 , Konishi Seika , a fruit and vegetable market in Amagasaki , bought a pair of Yubari King melons at auction with a winning bid of ¥3million . In 2019 Tokyo-based Pokka Sapporo Food & Beverage Ltd bought a pair of Yubari melons at auction for the highest recorded price of ¥5million .
References
Further reading
Melons
Yūbari , Hokkaido
The Kentucky League of Cities ( founded 1927 as the Kentucky Municipal League ) is a voluntary league of cities in Kentucky . Its mission is to serve `` as the united voice of cities by supporting community innovation , effective leadership and quality governance . '' It is a member of the National League of Cities and operates from Lexington , Kentucky . The president of the organization is usually succeeded by its vice president .
Presidents
1929–1931 : Dr. C. T. Coleman , Mayor of Frankfort
1933–1934 : Paul Morton , City Manager of Lexington
1934–1935 : Edgar Hager , Mayor of Ashland
1935–1936 : Edward G. Scott , Mayor of Paducah
2017–2018 : Jim Barnes , Mayor or Richmond
References
External links
Official website
1927 establishments in Kentucky
Civic and political organizations of the United States
Lexington , Kentucky
Councils of governments
A Soviet Journey is a 1978 travelogue by South African socialist Alex La Guma . Writing in the early 90s , critic Roger Field described the book as one of the under examined works from La Guma 's corpus , because of his reputation as a fiction writer first , and the political nature of Western academics commenting on a book title `` Soviet '' during the Cold War .
The novel has significant references and comparisons to the works and travels of Ernest Hemingway . The book also reflects substantially on the influence of other works of literary modernism on his own writing .
Biographical context
La Guma 's trip also has ties to other parts of his life : when La Guma , was a child , his father had taken a trip to the Soviet Union , and La Guma knew both mentors contemporaries from the anti-apartheid community in South Africa who had visited the Soviet Union .
References
Further reading
1978 non-fiction books
African travel books
Books about the Soviet Union
Works by Alex La Guma
Ernest Hemingway
`` Manhattan from the Sky '' is one of three singles from singer-songwriter Kate Voegele 's second studio album , A Fine Mess . This single and the rest of her album was produced by Mike Elizondo , who has worked with Pink and Maroon 5 . The song was also featured on the 18th episode from the sixth season of the series One Tree Hill .
Track listing
Digital download
`` Manhattan from the Sky '' – 3:31
Charts
References
2009 singles
2009 songs
Interscope Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mike Elizondo
Dongchang Road ( ) is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 2 . It is part of the initial to section of Line 2 that opened on 20 September 1999 .
References
Line 2 , Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Railway stations in China opened in 1999
Railway stations in Shanghai
Tasman ( Tas ) Jones ( 1893 – 1936 ) was an Australian sportsman , well known as a swimmer and a diver . He also played water polo , rugby union , and rugby league .
Early life and education
Jones was born Henry Tasman Jones on 7 April 1893 at Launceston . He went by the diminutive given name Tas , which he also used in legal matters .
Jones attended the Crown Street Superior Public School . As a teenager he showed talent in swimming .
By 1906 Jones was winning handicap races , 45 yards school competition , starting from scratch , Winning again over 50 yards . At the age of 14 he won the 60 yards championship at Crown Street Superior Public School .
Jones was required to `` swim off '' to split dead heat eligibility to compete in inter school events at above his age , and missing out , still winning at age level .
Two decades later , Jones ' swimming performance at school was still a benchmark for competitiveness for others .
Adult life
Jones devised a scoring method for diving , adopted in December 1914 , using standardised tabulated forms which took account of diving elements , including approach , deportment , and entry . His method was considered simple for judging and broadly satisfactory , but it did not account for the degree of difficulty of the dive .
Jones was respected as a `` never failing volunteer '' for sporting demonstrations for
`` good causes '' .
He managed the Spit Baths from 1918 to 1922 . His knowledge of and experience in the provision of swimming bath facilities was called upon by others .
Jones was involved in water rescues , saving one life .
His profile was such that he was used to endorsing products in advertising .
Jones died December 1936 .
His death left his widow in difficult circumstances and the Spit Club raised funding to assist her , known as the Tas Jones Memorial Fund .
Outreach
As well as performing in demonstration diving and swimming events , Jones took a keen interest in the administration , development , and support of others in sport .
Jones was a vice-captain for the East Sydney Club , and a handicapper for the Club .
He was the inaugural president of the Spit Club , and its swimming coach . and later the president of the gentlemen 's section of the club .
Jones coached individual diving , and individual swimming , and he was the inaugural coach of the Balmoral Amateur Swimming Club .
Jones would sponsor sporting achievements , some included the 50-yard swim trophy for the East Sydney Amateur Club , the Spit Club diving trophy , and the North Sydney rugby league club trophy for most consistent forward .
Swimming
Jones was referred to as a `` star sprinter '' .
Diving
Jones had a diving reputation in 1912 .
He frequently led diver teams in demonstration events . and was considered a diving veteran .
Water polo
In 1909 Jones played water polo second grade for East Sydney . And later played water polo at state championships .
He was sought by the [ amateur ] Randwick and Coogee water polo team in 1931 but was regarded as professional . While Jones had never competed as a professional he had managed the Spit Baths and taught children to swim for fees .
Rugby union
Jones played second grade for the Eastern Sydney rugby league club from 1912 to 1914 .
He moved to first grade in 1914 in fullback and three-quarter positions .
Jones also played in seven-a-side competition for Eastern Suburbs as a back .
Rugby league
Jones played first grade for the North Sydney rugby league club .
He started playing rugby league , for Eastern Suburbs , in a pre-season game , but was under disqualification from rugby union . Jones was observed to be a bit hazy on the rule differences between league ad union . Jones played at halfback for Eastern Suburbs first grade opening game of the season against Annandale .
In 1919 Jones played for North Sydney .
References
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Australian rugby union players
1893 births
1936 deaths
People from Launceston , Tasmania
Place of death missing
The Action and Renewal Movement ( , MAR ) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo . It was founded by Jean-Baptiste Tati Loutard , who was the party 's president until his death in 2009 . He was succeeded by incumbent leader Roland Bouiti-Viaudo , who formerly served as Mayor of Pointe-Noire and Minister of State for Hydrocarbons . The party supports the presidency of Denis Sassou Nguesso .
MAR held its constitutive congress in late December 2006 , marking its transformation into a political party ; 342 delegates attended the congress . In the parliamentary election held on 24 June and 5 August 2007 , the party won five out of 137 seats . The party has been since part of Denis Sassou Nguesso 's governing coalition .
Electoral history
National Assembly elections
References
External links
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
A Different Journey is an album by drummer and bandleader Chico Hamilton recorded in 1963 and released on the Reprise label .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states :
On All About Jazz David Rickert wrote :
Track listing
All compositions by Charles Lloyd
`` Sun Yen Yen '' - 5:58
`` Voice in the Night '' - 6:55
`` A Different Journey '' - 7:53
`` The Vulture '' - 4:14
`` One Sheridan Square '' - 15:06
`` Island Blues '' - 1:43
Personnel
Chico Hamilton - drums
George Bohanon - trombone
Charles Lloyd - tenor saxophone , flute
Gábor Szabó - guitar
Albert Stinson - bass
References
Sources
1963 albums
Chico Hamilton albums
Reprise Records albums
Hans Kindler ( born 30 May 1902 , date of death unknown ) was a Swiss athlete . He competed in the men 's long jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
References
1902 births
Year of death missing
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Swiss male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing
Greene County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 15,994 . The county seat is Greensboro . The county was created on February 3 , 1786 , and is named for Nathanael Greene , an American Revolutionary War major general .
History
Greene County was formed on February 3 , 1786 , from land given by Washington County . It was named in honor of General Nathanael Greene , a hero of the American Revolutionary War .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.6 % ) is water .
The majority of Greene County , west of a line between Woodville , Union Point , and White Plains , is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin . The northern half of the remainder of the county is located in the Little River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin , while the southern half is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 278
State Route 12
State Route 15
State Route 44
State Route 77
State Route 402 ( unsigned designation for I-20 )
Adjacent counties
Oglethorpe County ( north )
Taliaferro County ( east )
Hancock County ( southeast )
Putnam County ( southwest )
Morgan County ( west )
Oconee County ( northwest )
National protected area
Oconee National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census , there were 14,406 people , 5,477 households and 4,042 families living in the county . The population density was 37 per square mile ( 14/km2 ) . There were 6,653 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 52.95 % White , 44.45 % Black or African American , 0.25 % Native American , 0.25 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 1.49 % from other races , and 0.56 % from two or more races . 2.92 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,477 households , of which 29.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.00 % were married couples living together , 18.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.20 % were non-families . 23.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.02 .
25.10 % of the population were under the age of 18 , 8.70 % from 18 to 24 , 24.30 % from 25 to 44 , 27.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females there were 91.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.50 males .
The median household income was $ 33,479 and the median family incomewas $ 39,794 . Males had a median income of $ 31,295 versus $ 20,232 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,389 . About 16.00 % of families and 22.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 33.80 % of those under age 18 and 20.20 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 15,994 people , 6,519 households , and 4,677 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 8,688 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 56.6 % white , 38.2 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 3.4 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.6 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 21.1 % were American , 7.6 % were English , and 6.1 % were German .
Of the 6,519 households , 26.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.4 % were married couples living together , 15.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 28.3 % were non-families , and 25.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.85 . The median age was 46.4 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,513 and the median income for a family was $ 42,307 . Males had a median income of $ 32,245 versus $ 24,622 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,943 . About 17.8 % of families and 23.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 39.0 % of those under age 18 and 15.6 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 18,915 people , 7,132 households , and 4,975 families residing in the county .
Education
The county supports the Greene County School Board , Lake Oconee Academy and Nathanael Greene Academy .
Role in passage of the Georgia Indigent Defense Act
In 2001 , Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Robert Benham convened a committee to investigate indigent defense in the state of Georgia . An avalanche of complaints about the state of public defense in Greene County , along with a number of lawsuits filed by Stephen Bright and the Southern Center for Human Rights , contributed to the formation of this commission . The commission discovered during its investigation that indigent defendants in Greene County were routinely pleaded guilty by judges without the presence of counsel and sometimes without even being present in court to make their pleas , violations of the Sixth Amendment . Excessive bail , e.g . $ 50,000 for loitering , was often set as well , a violation of the Eighth Amendment . After two years of investigation , the committee 's recommendations led to the passage of the Georgia Indigent Defense Act .
Communities
Greensboro
Scull Shoals
Siloam
Union Point
White Plains
Woodville
Politics
Prior to 2000 , the only time Greene County failed to back a Democratic Party candidate in a presidential election was in 1972 , when Richard Nixon won every county in Georgia and all but 130 counties nationwide . From 2000 onward , it has been consistently Republican .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County , Georgia
References
External links
Greene County historical marker
Old Greene County `` Gaol '' historical marker
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1786 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1786
Captain Charles Ridgely III ( 1733–1790 ) was a colonial Maryland planter and ironmonger .
Biography
Ridgely was born in Maryland Province in 1733 to Colonel Charles Ridgely II ( 1702-1772 ) , ( `` Charles the Merchant '' ) and Rachel Howard . With his father and brother , he established the Northampton Iron Works just north of future Towsontown /Towson , under what is now Loch Raven Reservoir . He married Rebecca Dorsey , the daughter of Caleb Dorsey , an ironmonger in Anne Arundel County . Caleb was a grandson of Hon . John Dorsey .
Ridgely built the massive Hampton Mansion ( now a National Historic Site ) , after the American Revolutionary War , between 1783 and 1790 . By the time it was completed , the Georgian-style structure was the largest private home in the country . The Mansion is now preserved as the Hampton National Historic Site and cared for / operated by the National Park Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior .
Capt . Ridgely died in 1790 , and left the inheritance to his nephew Charles Carnan if he would assume the family name and carry on the Ridgely title . So Charles Carnan Ridgely , became the second master of the Hampton estate and eventually Governor of Maryland .
References
External links
Captain Charles Ridgely ( 1767 ) by John Hesselius
Rebecca Dorsey Ridgely ( 1767 ) by John Hesselius
People from Baltimore County , Maryland
1790 deaths
1733 births
American ironmasters
Ridgely family
Hirao No.1 Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for irrigation . The catchment area of the dam is 76 km2 . The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 160 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1916 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1916 establishments in Japan
Misty Eye is the debut studio album released by British singer-songwriter Aiden Grimshaw on 20 August 2012 . The album was produced by Jarrad Rogers , Joel Pott and includes the singles `` Is This Love '' and `` Curtain Call '' . It received mostly very positive reviews . It peaked at number 19 on the UK albums chart .
Background
In April 2012 , Grimshaw 's debut single , `` Is This Love '' , premiered . The track marked Grimshaw 's first official material release since his participation in the seventh series of The X Factor , where he lost out to act Katie Waissel in the sixth week of the live finals . Speaking about his time on the show , Grimshaw stated : `` I did n't really know what I wanted from it . I love music , and I knew I could sing , but I did n't think I was X Factor material . I 'd been given this opportunity and I did n't want to waste it . But I had no idea what sort of music was really me . Everyone else had their own ideas , but all I knew was what I did n't want . ''
Since his time on The X Factor , Grimshaw has relocated from Blackpool to London , and has spent two years writing and recording demos with various writers and producers . Grimshaw has cited many tracks on the album were inspired by his time on the X Factor and weight problems as a teenager . Misty Eye has been recorded with songwriter and producer Jarrad Rogers , who has previously worked with the likes of Lana Del Rey and Tinchy Stryder . The album 's track listing was confirmed via iTunes on 12 July 2012 . `` Undercurrent '' , a track written by Grimshaw and Joel Pott , did not make the final cut of the album .
Reception
`` Misty Eye '' received generally good reviews . Nick Levine from BBC gave the album a positive review , saying `` the production is consistently slick ... Vocally , he can switch between quivering intimacy and a belting falsetto , but his intensity never waivers . '' Haley Fox from Contact Music gave the album a favourable review , calling it `` a record that will surprise you '' . Lauren Franklin from Sugarscape calls it `` an incredibly strong debut album . '' Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave it 4 out of 5 stars calling it a `` surprisingly solid debut . '' Jon o'Brien from Yahoo was also positive suggesting that `` Grimshaw appears to have effortlessly produced the most subversive and intriguing X-Factor release to date . '' OK ! Magazine is similar in praise calling it `` Easily one of the best albums from an X Factor graduate ! '' However , Metro was less favourable claiming the album has `` none of the subversion or mystery that even the most banal pop requires succeeding . '' Simon Gage from Express gave it 3 out of 5 , saying `` There 's plenty of drama , quite a few beats , some gorgeous quiet moments and one would think quite a promising future . '' Helen Earnshaw of Female First gave it 5 out of 5 , stating `` He has mixed traditional pop songs with dancier elements as well as throwing in some great ballads to show that he is a very rounded and versatile artist . '' Matthew Horton from Virgin Media gave it 4 out of 5 stars and Michael Baggs from Gig Wise asks listeners to `` Put aside your feelings on The X Factor and listen without prejudice ... 'Misty Eye ' is the year 's most unexpectedly brilliant album . ''
Singles
On 3 June 2012 , `` Is This Love '' was officially released , debuting at number thirty-five on the UK Singles Chart . Shortly after , the release of his second single , `` Curtain Call '' was announced . The single was released on 13 August 2012 , making its debut at number 49 . A third single from the album , `` Nothing At All '' , was set to be released on 13 January 2013 but was abandoned .
Track listing
Notes
`` What We Gon na Be '' features uncredited vocals from Smiler .
`` Breathe Me '' is a cover of the Sia song .
`` Nothing At All '' features uncredited vocals from ShezAr .
`` Curtain Call '' features uncredited vocals from ShezAr .
Charts
Release history
References
2012 debut albums
Anatahan is an island in the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean , and has one of the most active volcanoes of the archipelago . Formerly inhabited , the island currently does not have any population due to the always-present danger of volcanic eruptions . Anatahan is located northwest of Farallon de Medinilla and north of Saipan .
History
The island was first charted by Europeans in late October 1543 by Spanish explorer Bernardo de la Torre on board of the carrack San Juan de Letrán when trying to return from Sarangani to New Spain . At the time , the island was settled by the Chamorros . In 1695 , the natives were forcibly removed to Saipan and , three years later , to Guam . Under Spanish rule , coconut plantations were developed for the production of copra . In 1884 , an estimated 125 tons were exported .
Following the sale of the Northern Marianas by Spain to the German Empire in 1899 , Anatahan was administered as part of German New Guinea . However , by May 1901 the island was reported as uninhabited . In 1902 , the island was leased to a private firm , the Pagan Society , owned by a German and a Japanese partner , to further develop the coconut plantations . Severe typhoons in September 1905 and September 1907 destroyed the plantations and bankrupted the company , although copra production continued on a smaller scale afterwards .
During World War I , Anatahan came under the control of the Empire of Japan and was subsequently administered as the South Seas Mandate . In June 1944 , 30 survivors of at least three Japanese shipwrecks reached Anatahan . After the surrender of Japan in World War II , the Americans evacuated two Japanese and 45 natives from the island , but the Japanese castaways refused to believe that the war had ended , and fled into the interior of the island as Japanese holdouts . By 1950 , the holdouts were led by Kazuko Higa , who was the only woman left on the island . Higa lived with a harem of five men , but after eleven of the holdouts died under uncertain circumstances , the remainder surrendered in June 1951 . The story of the holdouts was sensationalized as a lurid tale of sex and violent death by the mass media , and was portrayed in 1953 by Josef von Sternberg in his film The Saga of Anatahan . In 1954 , one of the survivors , Michiro Maruyama , published a book , Anatahan Island of the Unfortunates , which attempted to refute the more lurid accusations . The story was revived in 1998 by Japanese author Kaoru Ohno as the novel Cage on the Sea , and in 2008 by Natsuo Kirino as the short story `` Tokyo-jima '' , which became a film in 2010 .
Following World War II , the island came under the control of the United States and was administered as part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands . Since 1978 , the island has been part of the Northern Islands Municipality of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands .
Geography
Anatahan is roughly elliptical in shape , with a length of and a width of and an area of . The island is the summit of stratovolcano which reaches an altitude of above sea level at its highest peak .
The volcano is topped by a caldera , wide , which is divided into an eastern and western portion , with the eastern portion around lower than the western . Sparseness of vegetation in the most recent lava flows on Anatahan indicated that they were of Holocene age . In April 1990 , the inhabitants of the western coast of the island were evacuated after earthquake swarms and active fumaroles indicated that an eruption might be imminent , but no eruption occurred at that time . A further earthquake swarm occurred in May 1992 . The first historical eruption of Anatahan occurred in May 2003 , when a large explosive eruption with a VEI of 4 took place forming a new crater inside the eastern caldera and causing an ash plume high which impaired air traffic to Saipan and Guam .
The most recent eruption was in 2007 , and lasted until 2008 .
Demographics
As of 1980 the population of Alamagan was one family . The people resided on Anatahan when school was not in session .
See also
List of stratovolcanoes
Notes
References
Russell E. Brainard et al . : Coral reef ecosystem monitoring report of the Mariana Archipelago : 2003–2007 . ( =PIFSC Special Publication , SP-12-01 ) NOAA Fisheries , Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center 2012 ( Kapitel Alamagan ( englisch , PDF , 12,2 MB ) ) .
Richard B. Moore , Frank A. Trusdell : Geologic map of Alamagan Volcano , northern Mariana Islands . United States Geological Survey 1993 ( Download ) .
External links
Anatahan : Blocks 1060 and 1993 , Block Group 1 , Census Tract 9501 , Northern Islands Municipality , United States Census Bureau
Pascal Horst Lehne and Christoph Gäbler : Über die Marianen . Lehne-Verlag , Wohldorf in Germany 1972. and Anatahan
Saipan Oral Histories of the Pacific War page 78 , 119-120 .
Former German colonies
Islands of the Northern Mariana Islands
Active volcanoes
Volcanoes of the Northern Mariana Islands
Stratovolcanoes of the United States
Uninhabited islands of the Northern Mariana Islands
Holocene stratovolcanoes
Pantea Bahram ( ; born 4 March 1970 ) is an Iranian actress . She has received various accolades , including a Crystal Simorgh and an Iran Cinema Celebration Award , in addition to nominations for five Hafez Awards and four Irans Film Critics and Writers Association Awards .
Biography
Pantea Bahram was born in 1970 in Tehran , Iran . She attended the school of Arts and Literature at the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting College and began her acting career in theater in 1988 . She first became well known as an actor for her role in Mosafer ( The Passenger ) .
Bahram directed the play `` Made in Iran '' ( `` Avazhick '' ) in 2005 , which was also staged in Finland in 2007 .
Filmography
Cinema
1999 : Zesht o ziba
2000 : Through Sunglasses
2003 : Banoo-ye man
2003 : Tokyo bedoone tavaghof
2005 : Eternal Children
2006 : Fireworks Wednesday
2008 : Sandali khali
2008 : Shirin
2009 : Endless Dreams
2009 : Khabhaye Donbaledar
2009 : Postchi se bar dar nemizanad
2010 : Farewell Baghdad
2010 : Hich
2010 : Tehran , Tehran
2011 : Asb heyvan-e najibi ast
2012 : Bikhod & Bi Jahat
2012 : Man Madar Hastam
2012 : Migren
2013 : Tabaghe ye Hasas
2013 : The Bright Day
2014 : Biganeh
2014 : Tabagheye hasas
2014 : Tragedy
2015 : Marge Mahi
2015 : The Nameless Alley
2016 : Gozar movaghat
2021 : Butterfly Stroke
2022 : Killing a Traitor
2022 ' Drown
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Iranian film actresses
Living people
21st-century Iranian actresses
Actresses from Tehran
Crystal Simorgh for Best Supporting Actress winners
1970 births
Brigadier-General Herbert Thomas Dobbin CBE DSO ( 1878-1946 ) was a British Infantry officer of the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry . He commanded a number of Battalions during the First World War and in 1918 was appointed GOC of the 75th Brigade . After the War he became Commandant of the Iraq Levies and Colonel Commandant of the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry .
Early life
Herbert Thomas Dobbin was the son of Lieutenant-Colonel G. M. Dobbin and was born on 27 May 1878 . He was educated at Bedford Modern School and was commissioned a second-lieutenant in the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry on 18 January 1899 . He saw active service in Africa , and from 1911-13 was commander of the Gambia Company , part of the West African Frontier Force .
First World War
As an experienced professional soldier Dobbin was attached to a variety of Regiments as battalion commander during the War . From 29 June to 6 September 1916 he commanded the 1/4th Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment . From 7 September 1916 to 24 February 1917 , he commanded the 1/8th Battalion , Royal Warwickshire Regiment . From 30 May 1917 to 11 July 1917 he commanded the 1/8th ( Ardwick ) Battalion of the Manchester Regiment at Havrincourt Wood , after which he was appointed the Commander of the 4th Army Military School . He was appointed GOC of the 75th Infantry Brigade on 8 February 1918 and was its commander during the German offensive at the First Battle of Bapaume during the following month .
He was awarded the DSO in 1916 and was Mentioned in Despatches three times . He was also awarded the Croix de Guerre .
Post-War Service
After the war Dobbin saw further service in West Africa before assuming command of the Iraq Levies in October 1922 . This was a force of roughly brigade-strength drawn in large numbers from Iraq 's non-Muslim population . In 1923 Dobbin was appointed a CBE in recognition of his command of this force . In 1926 he returned to England and until 1930 served as Colonel-Commandant of the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry .
Herbert Dobbin retired from the Army in 1935 . He died at Budleigh Salterton , Devon on 9 September 1946 . He was unmarried .
References
1878 births
1946 deaths
People educated at Bedford Modern School
Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry officers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British Army generals of World War I
British Army brigadiers
The Nashville Athletic Club ( NAC ) was a sports club for young men founded in Nashville , Tennessee in 1884 . The NAC was responsible for helping popularize the sports of baseball , football , basketball , athletics , gymnastics and swimming in the Nashville area . The NAC also featured a swimming pool , a gymnasium , Turkish and Russian baths and choice exercise equipment . It was based for some time at 520 Commerce Street in downtown Nashville .
Baseball
The NAC originally had the only regulation size baseball diamond in Nashville located at Sulpher Springs Bottom ( later called Athletic Park , then Sulphur Dell ) .
Football
The NAC is believed to have played the first organized football game in Nashville on Thanksgiving Day , 1885 against the Nashville Football Club , winning 6-4 in a game played at Athletic Park . They lost their only recorded game against Vanderbilt in 1895 , 20-4 .
Basketball
The NAC also played some of the first organized basketball games in Nashville , forming the Nashville Athletic Club Basket Ball League in 1895 . They played 13 recorded games against Vanderbilt between 1900 and 1909 , winning 4 and losing 9 .
Notes
History of Nashville , Tennessee
Sports in Nashville , Tennessee
1884 establishments in Tennessee
Sport clubs established in 1884
Baseball teams in Tennessee
American football teams in Tennessee
Basketball teams in Tennessee
Nane ( ) was an Armenian mother goddess , as well as the goddess of war and wisdom .
Nane was depicted as a young beautiful woman in the clothing of a warrior , with spear and shield in hand ,
like the Greek Athena , with whom she identified in the Hellenic period .
She has also been referred to as Hanea , Hanea , Babylonian Nana , Sumerian Nanai .
Cult
Her cult was closely associated with the cult of the goddess Anahit .
The temple of the goddess Nane was in the town of Thil across from the Lycus River . Her temple was destroyed during the Christianization of Armenia :
`` Then they crossed the Lycus River and demolished the temple of Nane , Aramazd 's daughter , in the town of Thil . `` `` Gregory then asked the king for permission to overthrow and destroy the pagan shrines and temples . Trdat readily issued an edict entrusting Gregory with this task , and himself set out from the city to destroy shrines along the highways . ''
According to some authors , Nane was adopted from the Akkadian goddess Nanaya , from the Phrygian goddess Cybele , or was from Elamite origin .
Traditions and symbols
As the conversion to Christianity was so forceful , most artifacts , books , and stories were destroyed . As a result , many things are unknown to contemporary scholars .
It is however known that in Ancient Armenia , it was traditional for Kings to meet with the oldest woman in their dynasty because she was often seen as the epitome of Nane . In Armenia and other countries around the world , the name Nane continues to be used not only as a personal name , but also as a nickname for the grandmother of the household . Nanna , Nani , Nannan , etc .
See also
Anahit
Aramazd
Nana ( disambiguation )
References
Bibliography
Wisdom goddesses
Armenian goddesses
War goddesses
Mother goddesses
Persecution of Pagans
Lightyear Entertainment , headquartered in Studio City , California , is a distributor of independent motion pictures in theaters , on DVD , Blu-ray , Video On Demand , as well as a distributor of music and music videos on CD , DVD , and digital distribution .
Lightyear releases movies into theaters directly . After the theatrical run , digital distribution and licensing ( including VOD , EST , SVOD and TV ) in North America is now conducted through 1091 ( formerly called The Orchard ) . Physical distribution of DVDs and BluRays is through MVD Distribution . From 2010 to 2018 , both digital and physical releases were through eOne Distribution . From 2008 to 2010 , it was through Vivendi/Universal distribution , and , from 1995 to 2008 , through Warner Home Video . From 1991 to 1995 , it was distributed through BMG .
Lightyear 's music business in North America is conducted through Caroline Distribution/Universal Music Group .
Its origins were as a management buyout of RCA Video Productions , Inc. ( a.k.a . RVP Productions ) in 1987 from Bertelsmann , which was originally created in 1984 . The company was a co-producer of the Jane Fonda workout series , and pioneered in the areas of children 's and music videos , as well as helping to create the fitness genre . Lightyear is now again the distributor of the original Jane Fonda Workout videos on DVD and Digital .
Recent films distributed by Lightyear include Tanna ( nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film in 2017 ) , Maze , Jirga , The Hippopotamus , and Goldstone . Other films include 16 Bars and The Etruscan Smile .
Lightyear 's original productions include the films Aria , Heaven and The Return of Swamp Thing , as well as the Stories to Remember series of animated films for children . It also produced concert films by Lou Reed , Eurythmics , Stevie Nicks , and Jefferson Starship , and the documentary Elvis '56 .
Films
References
External links
Companies based in Los Angeles
Film distributors of the United States
Film production companies of the United States
Autumn Crocus is a 1931 play by the British writer Dodie Smith . It was Smith 's first play written under the pseudonym of C.L . Anthony . It follows a single schoolteacher who goes on holiday to the Tyrol and falls in love with the married owner of the hotel in which she is staying .
Directed by Basil Dean , it opened at the Lyric Theatre , London , on 6 April 1931 , starring Fay Compton , Francis Lederer and Martita Hunt . Stage designs were by Gladys Calthrop . Such was its success that the management decided to put an additional 35 seats into the stalls .
Adaptation
In 1934 , it was adapted into a film by Basil Dean 's Associated Talking Pictures , which he also directed by Basil Dean . This version stars Fay Compton and Ivor Novello .
References
Bibliography
Chambers , Colin . Continuum Companion to Twentieth Century Theatre . Continuun , 2002 .
Sweet , Matthew . Shepperton Babylon : The Lost Worlds of British Cinema . Faber and Faber , 2005 .
Robert Tanitch London Stage in the 20th Century Haus Publishing 2007
External links
1953 Best Plays radio adaptation at Internet Archive
1931 plays
Plays by Dodie Smith
West End plays
British plays adapted into films
The canton of Marcillat-en-Combraille is a former administrative division in central France . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It consisted of 13 communes , which joined the new canton of Montluçon-3 in 2015 . It had 6,025 inhabitants ( 2012 ) .
The canton comprised the following communes :
Arpheuilles-Saint-Priest
La Celle
Durdat-Larequille
Marcillat-en-Combraille
Mazirat
La Petite-Marche
Ronnet
Saint-Fargeol
Saint-Genest
Saint-Marcel-en-Marcillat
Sainte-Thérence
Terjat
Villebret
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Lakkomata Λακκώματα is a mountain village and community in the municipality of Erymanthos in Achaea , Greece . According to the 2011 census , the village had 113 inhabitants , and the community , which also includes the village Tsapournia , 133 inhabitants .
Geography
Lakkomata is located in the upper valley of the river Peiros , at the northwestern foot of the mountain Erymanthos , at an elevation of 610 m above sea level . It is 11 km southeast of Chalandritsa , 25 km southeast of Patras and 22 km west of Kalavryta .
History
The village was mentioned in a 1700 Venetian text by Grimani under the name `` Licomati di Nexero '' ( Λυκομάτι Νεζερού ) and had 129 inhabitants . After the Greek War of Independence , it became part of the municipality of Nezera in 1835 . That municipality was dissolved in 1841 and Lakkomata became part of the municipality of Fares . It became an independent community in 1912 . In 1997 under the Kapodistrias reform , it became part of the municipality of Farres , which became part of the municipality of Erymanthos in 2011 .
Historical population
References
Further reading
Gkourvelos , Spyridon N. En tais ton Nezeron komais , Istoria ton Nezeron ( History of Nezera ) , Petros Koulis Written Arts , Patras , 2007 , .
Christos K. Koryllou Chorografia tis Elladas ( Χωρογραφία της Ελλάδος ) , I. , Achaia Department , Anesti Konstantinidou Publishers , En Athinais , 1903
Vasilis K. Lazaris , Stefanos N. Thomopoulos , History of the City of Patras from Ancient Times to 1821 ( Ιστορία της Πόλεως Πατρών από αρχαιοτάτων χρόνων μέχρι του 1821 ) , 4th ed . in Modern Greek , Vol . I , Achaikes Ekdoseis , Patras , 1998. .
External links
Lakkomata , Visit Erymanthos
Populated places in Achaea
Mulena Yomuhulu Mbumu wa Litunga Ngombala was a Great Chief of the Lozi people in Zambia , in Africa .
Biography
Ngombala was a younger son of the Chief Ngalama and was adopted by Imamba .
He succeeded on the death of his elder brother , Yeta II Nalute .
Ngombala had married Notulu I ( who was later starved to death ) , daughter of Mwiyawamatende and Matondo . He died at N'gundu and is buried there .
His children were Prince Mbanga and Chieftess Notulu II and his grandson was King Mwanawina I .
References
Litungas
USC Annenberg Press is a university press based in the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California . USC Annenberg Press publishes four peer-reviewed academic journals , namely the International Journal of Communication , Information Technologies & International Development , Case Studies in Strategic Communication and the Image of the Journalist in Popular Culture Journal , as well as an eBook series . As part of a stated commitment to wide dissemination of content , all articles published in USC Annenberg Press journals are available online under the Creative Commons license CC BY-ND .
References
External links
Annenberg
Annenberg
Book publishing companies based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Khomasdal Stadium is a stadium in Khomasdal , a suburb of Windhoek , Namibia . It was originally constructed school sports , church activities and youth groups but has become the main stadium for a number of Namibia 's top professional football clubs , including Orlando Pirates , tigers , Civics , African Stars and Black Africa . It became the home stadium of those clubs when Sam Nujoma Stadium , which is also in Katutura , underwent changes due to FIFA regulations .
Facilities
In February 2009 , the Namibian newspaper reported that the stadium had no toilet facilities , no VIP section and very limited parking facilities . The stadium has only two exits , which is considered dangerous .
References
Football venues in Namibia
Buildings and structures in Windhoek
Sport in Windhoek
Acronia gloriosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Arnold Schultze in 1922 , originally under the genus Euclea . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1922
Phyllangia americana is a reef coral species from the family Caryophylliidae . The scientific name of the species was first published in 1849 by Milne-Edwards & Haime .
References
External links
Caryophylliidae
Fauna of the Caribbean
Biota of the Gulf of Mexico
The Tjalkadjara or Tjalkanti were an indigenous Australian tribe of Western Australia .
Country
The Tjalkadjara 's tribal homelands lay northeast of Laverton as far as Lake Throssell . Their confines were in the vicinity of Darlot to the west , and to the north , around Lake Wells . Norman Tindale estimated their tribal lands as once having covered . Their neighbouring tribes were the Pini on their northeastern and northern flank ; the Ngaanyatjarra to the northeast ; the Mandjindja and the Nangatadjara east-southeast ; the Waljen to their south , and the Kuwarra to their west .
Resources
The water sources available to the Tjalkadjara were scarce and in good part they had to rely on what they could extract from the roots of eucalyptus . They possessed a mine north of Laverton , at Taralguta , which was rich in solid red ochre that was much prized by other neighbouring tribes , and which formed an important part of their trading with others .
History
The Tjalkadjara were eventually pushed out of their southern territory and forced to shift northwest to Darlot at the turn of the 19-20th centuries , as pressure was brought to bear on them from the Nangatadjara .
Alternative names
Tjalkumara
Tjalkandjara
Tjalkakari . ( `` come this way '' )
Wordako . ( language name )
Tjalkani
Djalgani , Djalgandi , Tjalgandi
Erlistoun tribe .
Dituwonga . ( Waljen exonym ) .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
Satellite Sam is a creator-owned American comic book series by Matt Fraction and American artist Howard Chaykin distributed by Image Comics starting in July 2013 .
Plot
Carlyle White , a children 's television show presenter in the 1950s , is found dead with a box of photographs of scantily clad women in provocative positions . His son believes the box of photographs is the key to solving his father 's murder . The story follows Carlyle 's son , a recovering alcoholic , as he steps into his father 's shoes as the television character Satellite Sam , deals with his addictions , and wrangles producers , writers , and journalists during the nascent days of television .
Collected editions
References
Comics by Howard Chaykin
Comics by Matt Fraction
Crime comics
Image Comics titles
This is a list of Keralites who have represented India in the Olympic Games .
List of Kerala Olympians
References
Olympians
Kerala , List of Olympians
Olympians , Kerala
Olympians
Kerala , List of Olympians
Paul G. Hewitt ( born December 3 , 1931 ) is an American physicist , former boxer , uranium prospector , author , and cartoonist . Born in Saugus , Massachusetts , Hewitt lives in St. Petersburg , Florida with his wife .
Conceptual physics
In 1964 , Hewitt began his teaching career at the City College of San Francisco . In 1980 he began teaching evening courses for the general public at the Exploratorium in San Francisco . Hewitt left both the Berkeley and Santa Cruz campuses of the University of California , choosing instead to move to Hawaii to teach at the University of Hawaii at their Hilo and Manoa campuses .
During Hewitt 's teaching career he began taping his lectures . Prospective physicists , Kevin Dempsey and Jeffery Wetherhold , attended several of Hewitt 's lectures . He would be one of the first to adopt the Hewitt philosophy on conceptual physics .
In 1987 , Hewitt began writing a high-school version of conceptual physics , which was published by Addison–Wesley . Hewitt taught classes on his return to the City College of San Francisco that were videotaped and distributed in a 12-lecture set . Conceptual Physics at the high-school level is now on its third edition and has transferred its publication to Prentice Hall . Conceptual Physics at the college level is now on its twelfth edition and is published by Pearson . In 2007 Addison-Wesley and Prentice Hall merged ; all Hewitt textbooks are now published by Pearson Education .
Prior to Conceptual Physics , Hewitt co-authored Thinking Physics with Lewis Carroll Epstein , another book using cartoons to illustrate scientific concepts .
Hewitt also co-authored Conceptual Physical Science with his daughter Leslie Hewitt , a geologist , and his nephew , John Suchocki , a chemistry instructor at St. Michael 's College in Colchester , Vermont , and founder of Conceptual Academy . Hewitt released the trade book : Touch This ! Conceptual Physics for Everyone . He is now a regular columnist for the magazines The Physics Teacher and The Science Teacher and producer of physics video lessons at the Conceptual Academy website .
Hewitt 's textbooks have several memorable characteristics . As well as teaching physics concepts with minimal mathematics , Hewitt occasionally and spontaneously reminds the reader that looking prematurely at the answers to physics problems is like exercising the body by watching others do push-ups . Hewitt whimsically states that Van Allen belts were named after space scientist James Belts . He occasionally signs his illustrations and cartoons , `` Hewitt Drew It ! ''
Achievements
First Prize for Science – American Education Film Festival ( 1977 )
American Association of Physics Teachers , Millikan Award ( 1982 )
Honoree of Paul G. Hewitt Scholarships for Future High School Physics Teachers ( Founded in 2002 )
References
External links
Conceptual Physics official website , which includes an autobiography of Hewitt
Conceptual Academy website
21st-century American physicists
American cartoonists
Living people
People from Saugus , Massachusetts
1931 births
`` `` is an Old Irish poem , written in about the 9th century at or near Reichenau Abbey , in what is now Germany , by an Irish monk about his cat . , 'White Pangur ' , is the cat 's name , possibly meaning ' a fuller ' . Although the poem is anonymous , it bears similarities to the poetry of Sedulius Scottus , prompting speculation that he is the author . In eight verses of four lines each , the author compares the cat 's happy hunting with his own scholarly pursuits .
The poem is preserved in the Reichenau Primer ( Stift St. Paul Cod . 86b/1 fol 1v ) and now kept in St. Paul 's Abbey in the Lavanttal .
Background
The poem is found in only one manuscript , the Reichenauer Schulheft or Reichenau Primer . The primer appears to be the notebook of an Irish monk based in Reichenau Abbey . The contents of the primer are diverse , it also contains `` notes from a commentary of the Aeneid , some hymns , a brief glossary of Greek words , some Greek declension , notes on biblical places , a tract on the nature of angels , and some astronomy '' .
Poem
Original Old Irish version
Messe ocus Pangur Bán ,
cechtar nathar fria saindán ;
bíth a menma-sam fri seilgg ,
mu menma céin im saincheirdd
Caraim-se fos , ferr cach clú ,
oc mu lebrán léir ingnu ;
ní foirmtech frimm Pangur bán ,
caraid cesin a maccdán .
Ó ru·biam — scél cen scís —
innar tegdais ar n-óendís ,
táithiunn — díchríchide clius —
ní fris tarddam ar n-áthius .
Gnáth-húaraib ar gressaib gal
glenaid luch inna lín-sam ;
os mé , du·fuit im lín chéin
dliged n-doraid cu n-dronchéill .
Fúachid-sem fri frega fál
a rosc anglése comlán ;
fúachimm chéin fri fégi fis
mu rosc réil , cesu imdis ,
Fáelid-sem cu n-déne dul
hi·n-glen luch inna gérchrub ;
hi·tucu cheist n-doraid n-dil ,
os mé chene am fáelid .
Cía beimmi amin nach ré ,
ní·derban cách ar chéle .
Maith la cechtar nár a dán ,
subaigthius a óenurán .
Hé fesin as choimsid dáu
in muid du·n-gní cach óenláu ;
du thabairt doraid du glé
for mu mud céin am messe .
English translation by Whitley Stokes and John Strachan ( 1903 ) :
I and Pangur Bán , each of us two at his special art :
his mind at hunting ( mice ) , my own mind is in my special craft .
I love to rest—better than any fame—at my booklet with diligent science :
not envious of me is Pangur Bán : he himself loves his childish art .
When we are—tale without tedium—in our house , we two alone ,
we have—unlimited ( is ) feat-sport—something to which to apply our acuteness .
It is customary at times by feat of valour , that a mouse sticks in his net ,
and for me there falls into my net a difficult dictum with hard meaning .
His eye , this glancing full one , he points against the wall-fence :
I myself against the keenness of science point my clear eye , though it is very feeble .
He is joyous with speedy going where a mouse sticks in his sharp-claw :
I too am joyous , where I understand a difficult dear question .
Though we are thus always , neither hinders the other :
each of us two likes his art , amuses himself alone .
He himself is the master of the work which he does every day :
while I am at my own work , ( which is ) to bring difficulty to clearness .
Modern use
A critical edition of the poem was published in 1903 by Whitley Stokes and John Strachan in the second volume of the Thesaurus Palaeohibernicus . Among modern writers to have translated the poem are Robin Flower , W. H. Auden , Seamus Heaney , Paul Muldoon and Eavan Boland . In Auden 's translation , the poem was set by Samuel Barber as the eighth of his ten Hermit Songs ( 1952–53 ) .
Fay Sampson wrote a series of books based on the poem . They follow the adventures of Pangur Bán , his friend , Niall the monk , and Finnglas , a Welsh princess .
In the 2009 animated movie The Secret of Kells , which is heavily inspired by Irish mythology , one of the supporting characters is a white cat named Pangur Bán who arrives in the company of a monk . A paraphrase of the poem in modern Irish is read out during the credit roll by actor and Irish speaker , Mick Lally .
Irish-language singer Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin recorded the poem in her 2011 studio album Songs of the Scribe , featuring both the original text and a translation by Nobel laureate Séamus Heaney .
In 2016 , Jo Ellen Bogart and Sydney Smith published a picture book called The White Cat and the Monk based on the poem .
Dutch band Twigs & Twine used parts of the poem in their song `` Messe ocus Pangur Bán '' .
In 2022 , Irish poet Colm Toibin published his own version of the poem in a collection titled Vinegar Hill .
See also
Early Irish literature
The Secret of Kells
List of individual cats
Notes
References
External links
Original text and spoken version
The Original Old Irish text of Pangur Bán ( Wayback Machine Archived page )
Pangur Ban , Cats in History
Robin Flower 's translation
W. H. Auden 's translation
Seamus Heaney 's translation
4 parallel translations
Irish poems
Early Irish literature
Individual cats
Medieval poetry
Cats in literature
The New Zealand Labour Party 's Senior Whip administers the `` whipping in '' system that tries to ensure that party MPs attend and vote according to the party leadership 's wishes . The position is elected by the Labour caucus members . The Senior Whip also acts as an intermediary between the backbenchers and the party leadership . Whenever Labour is in government the senior whip serves as the Chief Government Whip and when out of government serves as Chief Opposition Whip .
All Labour whips have been members of the House of Representatives , with none coming from the Legislative Council before its abolition in 1950 .
The current senior whip is Duncan Webb .
List
The following is a list of all senior whips of the Labour Party :
See also
Senior Whip of the National Party
Senior Whip of the Liberal Party
Notes
References
New Zealand Labour Party
Political whips
Chris Hegarty ( born 13 August 1992 ) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a defender for NIFL Premiership side Crusaders .
Club career
Born in Dungannon , Hegarty began his career at youth level with local team Dungannon Swifts . He joined Millwall in 2008 after being scouted playing for the Northern Ireland under-16 team . He captained both the youth and reserve teams ( winning the youth league in the process ) , before joining Hibernian on trial in 2010 . He was offered contracts by both Hibs and fellow Scottish Premier League side Rangers , and opted to sign for the latter , revealing `` I fulfilled an ambition by playing for the club I grew up supporting '' .
Rangers
Although he made several appearances on the substitutes bench in the 2011–12 season , it was not until May 2012 that he made his first-team appearance , in a friendly against Linfield in May 2012 . In the summer of 2012 , Hegarty became the first player to sign for Rangers after their demotion to the fourth tier of Scottish football . He made 28 appearances in total during the 2012–13 season as Rangers won the Scottish Third Division . He scored his first Rangers goal in the opening game of the 2013–14 season , tapping in after two minutes in a 4–1 win over Brechin City . His season was blighted by injury however , and he would make just one other appearance that season .
Linfield
In May 2014 Hegarty signed for Linfield on a two-year contract . He was also made club captain . However his time there was blighted by injuries , and in February 2016 he joined hometown club Dungannon Swifts on loan for the remainder of the 2015–16 season .
Dungannon Swifts
Hegarty signed for Dungannon permanently in May 2016 . In February 2018 , he helped the Swifts to win the Northern Ireland Football League Cup ( their first senior trophy ) , after a 3–1 victory over Ballymena United in the final . Hegarty was made Dungannon captain in December 2018 .
Crusaders
In May 2019 , Hegarty joined Crusaders on a three-year deal . He scored on his competitive debut , a 2–0 victory against B36 Tórshavn in the UEFA Europa League .
International career
Hegarty won eight caps for Northern Ireland at under-19 level and four caps at under-21 level .
Career statistics
Honours
Rangers
Scottish Third Division : 2012–13
Dungannon Swifts
Northern Ireland Football League Cup : 2017–18
Crusaders
Irish Cup : 2021–22
References
1992 births
Living people
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Association football defenders
Dungannon Swifts F.C . players
Millwall F.C . players
Rangers F.C . players
Linfield F.C . players
Crusaders F.C . players
NIFL Premiership players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Northern Ireland under-21 international footballers
Chakib Nazim Hocine ( born 8 August 1991 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a centre-back for Mont-Royal Outremont .
Early life
Hocine was born in Algeria and moved to Canada with his parents as a baby .
Playing career
Brossard
Hocine made his senior debut in 2012 with FC Brossard in the inaugural season of the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec , making 17 league appearances over the course of the season .
Mont-Royal Outremont
In 2013 , Hocine signed with expansion side Mont-Royal Outremont , making 17 league appearances and scoring 3 goals .
Montreal Impact
Hocine spent the 2014 season in the Premier Development League ( PDL ) with Montreal Impact U23 .
FC Montreal
In March 2015 , Hocine made his USL debut as a starter in FC Montreal 's inaugural match , a 2-0 loss to Toronto FC II .
Return to Mont-Royal
After being released by FC Montreal , Hocine returned to the PLSQ , signing with his former club Mont-Royal Outremont , making 9 league appearances and scoring one goal .
Lanaudière
In 2017 , Hocine signed with Lanaudière , but only made one league appearance for the club .
Mississippi Brilla
Hocine played the 2017 PDL season with Mississippi Brilla , helping the club reach the National semi-finals .
Ekenäs
In January 2018 , Hocine signed abroad for the first time with Finnish Ykkönen club Ekenäs IF .
HFX Wanderers
On 16 January 2019 , it was announced that Hocine had signed with the HFX Wanderers ahead of the inaugural Canadian Premier League season . He made his debut for the Wanderers on May 16 in a Canadian Championship match against Vaughan Azzurri . On 14 December 2019 , the club announced that Hocine would not be returning for the 2020 season .
Valour FC
Hocine joined fellow Canadian Premier League club Valour FC on July 20 , 2020 . On January 15 , 2021 , Valour announced that Hocine would not return for the 2021 season .
Third spell at Mont-Royal
In July 2021 , Hocine rejoined Mont-Royal Outremont .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Algerian footballers
Canadian soccer players
Footballers from Algiers
Soccer players from Montreal
Algerian emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Algerian expatriate footballers
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Montreal Impact U23 players
FC Montreal players
Mississippi Brilla players
Ekenäs IF players
HFX Wanderers FC players
Valour FC players
Première Ligue de soccer du Québec players
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Ykkönen players
Canadian Premier League players
FC Brossard players
FC St-Léonard players
FC Lanaudière players
CS Mont-Royal Outremont players
The Bok Telescope ( also known as the 90-inch ) is the largest telescope operated solely by Steward Observatory . It finds much use from astronomers from University of Arizona , Arizona State University , and Northern Arizona University , with instruments capable of both imaging and spectroscopy . The telescope operates year-round , except during the August summer-shutdown when maintenance is performed while the weather is poor ( Arizona 's monsoon season lasts from roughly July through August ) .
History
The Bok Telescope was named after the prolific astronomer and director of Steward Observatory from 1966–1969 , Bart Bok , one of the most beloved astronomers in Tucson . It was used on March 18 , 2007 by Bruno Sicardy to view Pluto 's occultation of a star in Sagittarius . The building itself features a very long spiral staircase leading to the telescope and a balcony called `` The Bok Walk '' .
In the 2010s the Bok telescope helped support a survey with KNPO telescopes in preparation for the DESI instrument on the 4-m Mayall telescope . The Bok telescope was used along with the 90 Prime imager to take g-band and r-band observations .
Instruments
There are currently 3 instruments that are mainly used at the 90-inch , two that work in the optical and one in the near-IR . The 90prime instrument , whose principal investigator is Edward Olszewski , is a prime focus , wide-field imager capable of imaging 1 square degree on the sky , while the B & C Spectrograph does spectroscopy . The Steward 256x256 NIR Camera , which has been available at the telescope since 1991 , uses a NICMOS array which was built during the development of the NICMOS instrument on the HST . The 90-inch is also fitted with an eyepiece for direct viewing by a human observer , uncharacteristic for telescopes of this size .
See also
Bok globules
List of the largest optical telescopes in the 20th century
List of observatories
Lists of telescopes
Kitt Peak National Observatory - site of telescope
References
External links
Bok Telescope Home Page
Steward 256x256 NIR Camera
Astronomical observatories in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Pima County , Arizona
Optical telescopes
University of Arizona
Kitt Peak National Observatory
The 143rd Georgia General Assembly met for two sessions between January 9 , 1995 , and January 13 , 1997 .
Officers
Senate
Presiding Officer
Majority leadership
Minority leadership
House of Representatives
Presiding Officer
Majority leadership
Minority Leadership
Members of the Georgia State Senate , 1995–1996
The following is a list of senators who served during the first session in 1995 .
Members of the Georgia State House of Representatives , 1995–1996
The following is a list of representatives who served during the first session in 1995 .
References
Georgia ( U.S. state ) legislative sessions
1995 in American politics
1996 in American politics
1995 in Georgia ( U.S. state )
1996 in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Chun Je-Hun ( born 13 September 1980 ) is a South Korean former football player .
External links
1980 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
FC Seoul players
Gimcheon Sangmu FC players
Association football midfielders
K League 1 players
Her Husband Lies are a 1937 American drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Wallace Smith and Eve Greene . The film stars Gail Patrick , Ricardo Cortez , Akim Tamiroff , Tom Brown , Louis Calhern and June Martel . The film was released on March 13 , 1937 , by Paramount Pictures .
Plot
Cast
Gail Patrick as Natalie Martin
Ricardo Cortez as J . Ward Thomas
Akim Tamiroff as Big Ed Bullock
Tom Brown as 'Chick ' Thomas
Louis Calhern as Joe Sorrell
June Martel as Betty Thomas
Dorothy Peterson as Dorothy Powell
Ralf Harolde as Steve Burdick
Adrian Morris as Carwig
Ray Walker as Maxie
Jack La Rue as Trigger
Bradley Page as Pug
Paul Fix as Lefty Harker
References
External links
1937 films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
1937 drama films
Films directed by Edward Ludwig
1930s American films
The Germany national baseball team is the national baseball team for Germany . They are a contender for the European Baseball Championship , and have competed in the Baseball World Cup .
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of professional baseball match results currently active in the latest version of the WBSC World Rankings , as well as any future matches that have been scheduled .
Legend
2022
2021
2019
2018
Current roster
2016 team
Roster for 2016 World Baseball Classic Qualifiers .
Manager : Garth Iorg
Coaches : Willie Upshaw , Dennis Cook , Martin Helmig , Troy Williams .
Previous team
Roster for 2012 World Baseball Classic Qualifiers .
Manager : Erich Kittlaus
Coaches : Terry Abbott , Justin Pope , Gene Roof , Troy Williams .
International tournament results
World Baseball Classic
Baseball World Cup
1972 : 16th
1973 : 11th
2007 : 14th
2009 : 17th
2011 : 15th
European Baseball Championship
Team Germany competed in the 2019 European Baseball Championship , and came in 6th . Among the players who competed for it were Donald Lutz and Markus Solbach .
References
National baseball teams in Europe
Baseball
Baseball in Germany
Quinlivan is a surname of Irish origin .
People
Charles Quinlivan , born in Jersey City , New Jersey , actor , starred in Seven Guns to Mesa
Nessan Quinlivan , a Provisional IRA volunteer , escaped from British custody in The Maze and Brixton Prisons in 1983 and 1991 respectively , the latter while awaiting trial on charges relating to a suspected Provisional IRA plot to murder a former brewery company chairman , Sir Charles Tidbury .
Maurice Quinlivan a Sinn Féin Limerick city councillor , brother of Nessan Quinlivan .
Hannah Quinlivan , born to an Australian father and Taiwanese-Korean mother , is a model and actress .
Fiction
Mr. Quinlivan : Frank McCourt 's novel Angela 's Ashes
History
Irish surnames are mostly based on the Gaelic language native to Ireland .
The original Gaelic form of the name Quinlivan is Ó Caoinleain or Ó Caoindealbhain .
Spelling variations of this family name include : Quinlan , O'Quinlan , O'Quinlevan , O'Quinlivan and many more .
First found in County Meath , where the family name has held a family seat from very ancient times .
In the province Leinster Quinlivan was usually anglicised as Kindellan and has now been absorbed into the more common forms of Connellan or Conlan . They were of distinguished origin , being of the southern Uí Néill and the senior line of the descendants of Lóegaire mac Néill , King of Tara during the time of Saint Patrick . The sept were originally to be found in Meath ( pronounced Mee ) , but their numbers were greatly reduced by the Anglo-Norman invasion , but they remained in that area until the defeat of James II . In that time the form of the name used in Meath was Kindellan , a name which has been retained in Spain where many members of the sept settled in exile .
The branch of the family which settled in northern Tipperary were known as Quinlan in English . In the 1659 census they were noted as being one of the most numerous families in County Tipperary . The name is now almost confined to Munster , particularly Cork , Limerick and Tipperary . The variant spelling of `` Quinlivan '' is most associated with County Clare , as evidenced by the 13 births recorded there in the 1890 index . `` Quinlin '' was given as a principal name of Tipperary in the census of 1659 , and Quinlan remained as the favored spelling of the name in 1890 with Tipperary and Kerry being centers for the name at that time . Kindlon is also said to be a variant spelling of the name in County Louth
America
Some of the first settlers to America of this family name or some of its variants were :
John Quinlan
Mary Quinland and her husband settled in Charleston in 1803 ;
James , John , Mary , Michael , Patrick , Thomas and William Quinlan all arrived in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . between 1800 and 1840 .
Other notable people with the surname Quinlivan :
Actor Charles Quinlivan , born in Jersey City , New Jersey , actor , starred in Seven Guns to Mesa
Tradition
Quinlivan Coat of Arms
The Shield is : `` Per pale ermine '' or , two lions rampant combatant between a mullet surmounted of a crescent in chief and a dexter hand couped at the wrist and erect in base all gules .
The Crest is : A stork azure pierced through the body with an arrow argent .
The motto is : `` True to the End . ''
The Translation is : Statue ( from the Irish word `` Dealbh '' ) which can mean `` Role Model/s ''
Surnames
Surnames of Irish origin
Saans ( English : Breath ) is an Indian television series written and directed by actress Neena Gupta who works in the series as well alongside television actor Kanwaljit Singh . The series premiered on Star Plus in 1998 . The story focused on the accidental love triangle between the characters Priya , Gautam , and Manisha . Neena Gupta won the award for 'Best Director ' and Kanwaljit Singh won for the 'Best Actor ' categories at the Kalakar Awards 1998 .
Plot
The story revolved around Priya and Gautam , who were a happily married couple with two children , Akul and Mithi . Everything went wrong when Priya and Gautam became friends with Manisha . Manisha falls in love with Gautam , then Manisha and Gautam have an affair . When Priya finds out , it is up to Priya to get her husband back in line .
Cast and characters
Neena Gupta as Priya Gautam Kapoor
Kanwaljit Singh as Gautam Kapoor
Kavita Kapoor as Manisha
Shagufta Ali as Shakutala Suri
Ashok Lokhande as Mr. Suri
Sushmita Daan as Mithi Kapoor
Bharti Jaffrey as Priya 's Mother
Bharat Kapoor as Ajit
Neelima Azeem as Ajit 's Estranged Wife
Rakesh Pandey as Gautam 's Father
Asha Sharma as Mr. Suri 's Mother
Neelam Singh as Neelam Dhawan
Akul Tripathi as Akul Kapoor
Jatin Sial as Jatin Kapoor
Production
Initially , Director Neena Gupta offered Saans for Zee TV . However , when they rejected the series , Star Plus accepted it .
Reception
The show initially received mixed reviews from critics . The Tribune quoted the series as ' A breath of fresh air ' .
References
External links
Saans Official Site on STAR Syndication
StarPlus original programming
Indian drama television series
Indian television soap operas
1998 Indian television series debuts
1999 Indian television series endings
Gulzar
Pinelawn is a railroad station along the Main Line ( Ronkonkoma Branch ) of the Long Island Rail Road . It is on Long Island Avenue , east of the Suffolk County Road 3 ( Wellwood Avenue ) grade crossing in East Farmingdale , New York .
Pinelawn serves mostly off-peak local trains daily . Approximately 36 trains currently stop at the station every week . This station currently sees no late night or peak service .
History
The Pinelawn station originally had two different station houses with their own histories . Both were created to serve Pinelawn Cemetery , Wellwood Cemetery , and other cemeteries in the vicinity . The first station opened as a flag stop on the northeast corner of Wellwood Avenue in 1895 as Melville , a name it maintained until 1897 . From there it would be named Pinelawn ( Melville ) and finally Pinelawn in 1899 .
The second station was built in 1915 , and moved to the southeast side of Wellwood Avenue in 1925 . It was remodeled again in June , 1979 , but only as a shelter . Despite nearly being eliminated as part of the Long Island Rail Road 's electrification of the main line towards Ronkonkoma , along with Wyandanch , and Brentwood , the station was saved as part of a bipartisan effort by New York State Senator Owen Johnson ( R-West Babylon ) and Assemblyman Patrick Halpin ( D-Lindenhurst ) , and given a high-level platform in 1986 .
As part of the Main Line Second Track Project which built a second track between Farmingdale and Ronkonkoma , the LIRR constructed two new platforms at Pinelawn . The existing station building was demolished , allowing construction of a second platform .
Station layout
This station has two tracks and two 2-car-long side platforms . South of Platform B is a small drop off area with six parking spaces .
Pinelawn Cemetery station
Despite the presence of the shack-sized station , a much more elaborate station was built across Wellwood Avenue on August 30 , 1904 . The station had a tall clock tower , a cemetery office , a chapel , and a fancy ticket office in the main lobby , however it is widely believed never to have been used by the public . Pinelawn Cemetery station remained in service for a business located within the cemetery , until it was destroyed by a fire in April 1928 . The walls of the station were still standing in 1960 , and the arched entrance to this station remained intact until 1985 , when the Long Island Rail Road was beginning its electrification of the main line .
References
External links
LIRR Pinelawn ( TrainsAreFun.com )
Station from Google Maps Street View
Long Island Rail Road stations in Suffolk County , New York
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1895
Joint Task Force-Bravo ( JTF-Bravo , JTF-B ) is a forward-based expeditionary joint task force operating as U.S. Southern Command 's ( USSOUTHCOM ) lead forward element in the Central America ( CENTAM ) region to promote stability and security and counter transnational and transregional threat networks ( C-T3N ) . JTF-Bravo operates out of Soto Cano Air Base , Honduras , located 10 miles south of the city of Comayagua and 50 miles north of the capital city of Tegucigalpa .
Overview
JTF-Bravo conducts a wide range of continuous and simultaneous operations . The organization 's primary authority , as directed by the United States Secretary of Defense , is to synchronize and conduct operations , activities , and actions in support of US and partner nation law enforcement agencies in order to counter drugs and transnational organized crime ( CD/CTOC ) . In addition , the JTF supports the USSOUTHCOM Theater Security Cooperation campaign plan to counter threat networks and promote regional cooperation and security in the Caribbean , Central America , and South America by organizing and supporting multilateral , capacity-building exercises in cooperation with partner nations . Due to its enduring forward presence and management of a forward , all-weather , day/night strategic air base , the JTF is often employed as the first responder for contingencies and crises within the region , especially in support of Foreign Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Relief ( FHA/DR ) operations .
Mission
JTF-Bravo , as guests of Honduran host nation partners and the senior representatives for USSOUTHCOM at Soto Cano Air Base , maintains a forward presence and conducts and supports joint operations , activities , and investments throughout the Joint Operations Area in order to enhance regional security , stability , and cooperation .
Area of Operations
The USSOUTHCOM commander has assigned a seven nation Joint Operations Area ( JOA ) to JTF-Bravo . The JOA includes the land , air , and maritime ( out to 12 nautical miles ) area of all seven nations of Central America : Belize , Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , and Panama . When directed by USSOUTHCOM , the JTF has conducted operations outside the JOA , most recently in support of relief efforts in the Leeward Islands following Hurricane Irma and Maria .
Organization
JTF-Bravo is composed of a joint headquarters and five major subordinate commands which include the following :
1st Battalion , 228th Aviation Regiment ( 1-228th Aviation ) provides heavy vertical lift , medical evacuation , general aviation support , and mission command in a semi-permissive environment . The regiment actively participates in counter narcotic , search-and-rescue , and humanitarian assistance/disaster relief missions throughout Central America .
612th Air Base Squadron provides air base support to Joint Task Force-Bravo and the 12th Air Force including air traffic control , logistics , base civil engineering , fire department , airfield operations and personnel functions . In addition , the squadron maintains Soto Cano Air Base , the only strategic hub for U.S. operations in Central and South America .
Army Forces ( ARFOR ) / Joint Support Battalion provides joint service administrative and logistical support along with rapid response command and control capabilities to contingency operations . Among its roles , the battalion conducts fuel delivery and personnel augmentation , aerial delivery operations , and employs the USSOUTHCOM-Situational Assessment Team ( SSAT ) which provides a link to lead USG agencies and USSOUTHCOM during initial DoD contingency responses .
Medical Element ( MEDEL ) consists of U.S. Army medical personnel from the US Army Reserve , as well as Honduran medical liaisons . The only expeditionary surgical-capable medical unit in Central And South America , MEDEL provides a wide range of health care services to maintain the force health readiness of U.S. personnel . In addition , the MEDEL partners with host nation security forces and medical providers to conduct Medical Readiness Training Exercises ( MEDRETEs ) throughout Central America .
Joint Security Force ( JSF ) consists of bilingual military police from the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Army Puerto Rico National Guard . The JSF is organized , trained and equipped to provide security , law enforcement , anti-terrorism and expeditionary force protection to U.S. forces anywhere within Central America .
In addition to assigned commands , the JTF also assumes tactical control of , or supporting relationships with , other DoD forces when they operate within Central America including U.S. Army regionally aligned forces and U.S. Marine Special-Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Forces ( SP-MAGTFs ) .
History
1980s – Countering Soviet and communist influence
In the early 1980s , the United States looked to counter spreading communism and growing Soviet influence in Central America . In 1982 , Honduran authorities began negotiations with the U.S. to grant access to naval and air facilities . By 1983 , the United States was expanding the airfield at Palmerola Air Force Base ( later renamed Enrique Soto Cano Air Base ) which included a US Special Forces Regional Military Training Center . That year Congress authorized the creation of a joint task force based out of the air base to command and control the various exercises and training missions being conducted throughout Central America , primarily to counter Soviet or communist activities in Nicaragua and Honduras . Originally established as Joint Task Force-11 , the organization was briefly renamed Joint Task Force Alpha ( JTF-A ) to avoid confusion with the similarly named U.S. Navy Task Force 11 that operated during World War II . Finally designated JTF-Bravo and assigned to U.S. Southern Command , the organization supported U.S. security efforts in Central America including training and advisory support for Honduran and Guatemalan armed forces and some indirect support for Nicaraguan Contras . Low Intensity Conflict ( LIC doctrine ) operations included improving in-country logistics support and infrastructure improvements building roads and ports while also providing Army engineering units training unavailable in Conus . Support of Honduran Forces included repelling Nicaraguan forces that invaded the Honduran Las Vegas Salient in 1987 and again in 1988 . See Operation Golden Pheasant . By 1987 , JTF-Bravo had over 1,000 assigned personnel .
1990s–2000s – Countering Drugs and Humanitarian Assistance
As regional wars subsided and the Soviet threat dissolved in the late-1980s , the threat of narco-trafficking expanded dramatically . The DoD responded by refocusing JTF-Bravo to provide support to U.S. and partner nation law enforcement agency counter drug operations . Furthermore , in order to reinforce the efforts of Central American nations recovering from the violence of the previous decade , the JTF was employed to provide a `` soft power '' approach by providing humanitarian assistance in the region . Throughout the 1990s and 2000s , JTF-Bravo responded to dozens of crises and contingencies throughout Central America . In the aftermath of Hurricane Mitch in 1998 , JTF-Bravo played a vital role in civilian search and rescue efforts as well as supporting host governments ' post-disaster recovery operations . Other examples of humanitarian aid rendered by JTF-Bravo include relief missions responding to Hurricane Stan in Guatemala in October 2005 , Hurricane Beta and Hurricane Gamma in Honduras in November 2005 , a medical mission to León , Nicaragua in September 2006 in response to widespread alcohol poisoning , and a relief effort in response to massive flooding in Colón , Panama in November 2006 . In August 2007 JTF Bravo dispatched teams to Peru in response to an 8.0 magnitude earthquake . JTF-Bravo also sent a team to Belize following Hurricane Dean . In September a team was sent to aid Honduras and Nicaragua following Hurricane Felix . In September 2008 , JTF-Bravo sent a team of medical professionals to the border of Costa Rica and Panama to participate in a three-day medical readiness exercise . While in November of that year a team was dispatched to assist with flood relief in Costa Rica and Panama . In January 2009 members from JTF-B returned to Costa Rica and in conjunction with USAID assisted with relief and recovery efforts following a 6.1 magnitude earthquake . Recent humanitarian projects have included medical readiness exercises in the Mosquita Coast of Honduras and Nicaragua , as well as in Costa Rica . JTF-Bravo has also supported firefighting efforts in Tela , Honduras and in the Darien Province , Panama , and assisted humanitarian efforts in Haiti following Hurricane Matthew .
2016–Present – Countering Transnational and Transregional Threat Networks ( C-T3N )
In response to the current operational environment in CENTAM , USSOUTHCOM developed a `` network based approach '' to counter transnational and transregional threat networks and stop threats before they reach US borders , destabilize partners , or undermine security of the Western Hemisphere . Seeking to defeat a network with a network , the approach centers on using non-threat networks ( military , interagency , partner nation , civil , etc . ) to oppose illicit networks . Shifting away from a commodity-based focus ( e.g . drugs ) , the approach focuses on operations , actions , and activities to defeat the networks that facilitate the movement of these commodities . Based on JTF-Bravo 's unique posture as the only forward deployed operational headquarters in the USSOUTHCOM area of responsibility combined with its three decades of relationship-building activities , the USSOUTHCOM commander designated the JTF as the regional synchronizer for all C-T3N efforts in Central America . In 2016 , JTF-Bravo developed a weekly Community of Interest forum that currently brings together over 700 stakeholders from across the U.S. government to share information and intelligence , expand understanding and awareness about all network activities , and coordinate how US and partner nation activities will counter illicit operations .
In November 2020 , JTF-Bravo again participated in Central American rescue and disaster relief operations in the aftermath of Hurricanes Eta and Iota .
Decorations
References
External links
Joint Task Force Bravo Web Site
United States Southern Command
Joint task forces of the United States Armed Forces
History of Honduras
Military units and formations established in 1984
Three ships of the Imperial German Navy have been named SMS Prinz Adalbert :
, an ironclad ram originally ordered for the Confederate States Navy
, a corvette that served in the German overseas colonial empire
, an armored cruiser sunk by a British submarine in World War I
See also
Prinz Adalbert-class cruiser
German Navy ship names
The 2022 Prairie View A & M Panthers football team will represent Prairie View A & M University as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season . They will be led by head coach Bubba McDowell , who will be coaching his first season with the program . The Panthers will play their home games at Panther Stadium at Blackshear Field in Prairie View , Texas .
Schedule
Prairie View A & M finalized their 2022 schedule on February 3 , 2022 .
References
Prairie View A & M Panthers
Prairie View A & M Panthers football seasons
Prairie View A & M Panthers
Charles `` Buster '' Matheney ( August 2 , 1956 – September 25 , 2000 ) was an American basketball player who played four years for the University of Utah , before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1978 NBA Draft . However , he did not play in the NBA . Matheney was shot and killed on a Los Angeles street in September 2000 .
Also played for Newcastle Falcons in Newcastle , NSW , Australia
References
Profile —TheDraftReview.com
1956 births
2000 deaths
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Deaths by firearm in California
Houston Rockets draft picks
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards ( basketball )
Utah Utes men 's basketball players
People murdered in California
American murder victims
Male murder victims
Jamal Trulove is a San Francisco man framed by police for the 2007 murder of an acquaintance , convicted in 2010 , sentenced to 50 years to life , and imprisoned for six years .
A California appeals court overturned his conviction in 2014 and he was retried in 2015 and acquitted . In 2016 he sued the city of San Francisco . In April 2018 a jury found the two officers accused of framing him guilty of fabricating evidence and failing to disclose exculpatory evidence . In 2019 the San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted to approve a settlement of $ 13.1 million .
Media Appearances
In 2008 , Trulove was selected by a public vote to appear on the VH1 dating show I Love New York 2 , where he was nicknamed `` Milliown '' . Tiffany Pollard eliminated him in the first episode .
Trulove appeared in the 2019 film The Last Black Man in San Francisco .
References
People from San Francisco
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Coccothrinax fragrans is a palm which is native to eastern Cuba and Hispaniola .
Information
Henderson and colleagues ( 1995 ) considered C. fragrans to be a synonym of Coccothrinax argentata . It is commonly known as fragrant Cuban thatch palm . Coccothrinax fragrans is best suited to tropical and warm climates that do not get frost , and the palm is adaptable to coastal exposure .
Description
Coccothrinax fragrans has dark green fan leaves with silvery undersides . It is a slow growing and stealthy palm when healthy .
References
fragrans
Trees of Cuba
Trees of Haiti
Trees of the Dominican Republic
Plants described in 1929
Richard S. Heyser ( 3 April 1927 – 6 October 2008 ) , Lieutenant Colonel , USAF ( Retired ) , was a pilot in the United States Air Force whose photographs while flying the Lockheed U-2 revealed Soviet medium-range ballistic missiles in Cuba , precipitating the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962 .
Heyser , a native of Apalachicola , Florida , joined the United States Army Air Forces in 1944 , at the age of 17 , after watching World War II pilots training at nearby Tyndall Field . His father was a United States Coast Guard Auxiliary aviator . Following the war , Heyser graduated from what would become Florida State University .
He began USAF pilot training in 1952 , flying combat missions during both the Korean War and two combat deployments during the Vietnam War . In the late 1950s into the 1960s , he flew Lockheed U-2s with the 4080th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing , first qualifying on the U-2 on 19 February 1957 , the 50th pilot to check out on the spy plane . He retired from the Air Force in 1974 after 30 years of service and returned to Apalachicola . He died at a nursing home in Port St. Joe , Florida , near his home in Apalachicola , on 6 October 2008 at age 81 . He had suffered a series of strokes in the years before his death . He was survived by his wife of fifty-four years , Jacquelyn ; three sons ; eight grandchildren ; and a sister .
Cuban Missile Crisis
Early Sunday morning , 14 October 1962 , then-Major Heyser climbed into CIA U-2F , Article 342 , ( the second U-2 , modified for in-flight refueling ) , hastily repainted as 'USAF 66675 ' , at Edwards Air Force Base , California , where he had just undergone qualification on the type , and departed on a Cuban overflight , Mission 3101 , dubbed Brass Knob .
`` He met the sun over the Gulf of Mexico , and flew over the Yucatán Channel before turning north to penetrate denied territory . The weather was roughly as forecast : 25 % cloud cover . He was flying the maximum altitude profile , and by this time the U-2F had reached 72,500 feet . There was no contrail . Heyser switched on the camera and did his stuff . He was over the island for less than seven minutes , but his potential exposure to the two Surface-to-air missile sites was over 12 minutes . Heyser had been briefed to scan the driftsight for Cuban fighters or , worse still , an SA-2 heading his way . If so , he was briefed to turn sharply towards it , and then away from it , in an S-pattern that would hopefully break the missile radar 's lock . But there was no opposition from Cuba 's air defenses . Heyser coasted-out and headed for McCoy Air Force Base , Florida . He landed there at 0920 EST after exactly seven hours in the air . ''
The film was immediately flown to Washington , D.C. to the National Photographic Intelligence Center for processing , and the first images trucked under armed guard where analysts at NPIC identified SS-4 missile transporters by noon . This , and other evidence on the films , set in motion the Cuban Missile Crisis . On 22 October , President John F. Kennedy announced that Colonel Heyser 's photographs proved the Soviet Union was building secret sites for nuclear missiles only 90 miles from Key West . The crisis ended after Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev ordered the missiles withdrawn from Cuba .
Lieutenant Colonel Heyser said , in a 2005 interview with the Associated Press , that nobody was more relieved than he that the crisis ended peacefully , and that he had no desire to go down in history as the man who started World War III . `` I kind of felt like I was going to be looked at as the one who started the whole thing '' , Heyser said . `` I was n't anxious to have that reputation . ''
References
1927 births
2008 deaths
American aviators
United States Air Force officers
Cuban Missile Crisis
People from Apalachicola , Florida
Florida State University alumni
Western spies against the Eastern Bloc
Stomatella lintricula is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Description
The thin , fragile , oblong shell is shaped like a Haliotis . Its back is convex . It is all over very delicately striated . It is flesh-colored , spotted with red . The small spire is nearly terminal and laterally inclined . The open aperture is very much lengthened .
Schepman gives a somewhat divergent description : the posterior part of the shell is nearly entirely yellowish-white with a green tinge , moreover a few smaller patches of the same colour are dispersed over the anterior part , a few dark spiral lines are more conspicuous on the posterior part . The surface is covered with very fine , close-set spiral and by more remote concentric striae . The species may be easily recognized by its very elongate shape .
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Red Sea , in the Indo-Pacific ( Indo-China , Indo-Malaysia , the Philippines , Japan ) and off Queensland , Australia .
References
Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London . pt . 18-19 ( 1850-1851 )
Adams , A . 1854 . Monograph of Stomatellinae . A sub-family of Trochidae . 827-846 , pls 173-175 in Sowerby , G.B . ( ed ) . Thesaurus Conchyliorum . London : Sowerby Vol . 2 .
Brazier , J . 1877 . Continuation of the Mollusca collected during the Chevert Expedition . Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales 2 : 41-53
Habe , T. 1964 . Shells of the Western Pacific in color . Osaka : Hoikusha Vol . 2 233 pp. , 66 pls .
Higo , S. , Callomon , P. & Goto , Y . ( 2001 ) Catalogue and Bibliography of the Marine Shell-Bearing Mollusca of Japan . Gastropoda Bivalvia Polyplacophora Scaphopoda Type Figures . Elle Scientific Publications , Yao , Japan , 208 pp
lintricula
Gastropods described in 1850
The 1955 Jordan League was the 10th season of Jordan League , Al-Jazeera won its second title .
Overview
Al-Jazeera won the championship .
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Robert Maxon Harrington ( January 30 , 1912 , Marshfield , Wisconsin – August 20 , 1983 , Kona , Hawaii ) was an American jazz vibraphonist .
Harrington was also adept at drums and piano in addition to vibraphone . He played with Charlie Barnet in the early 1950s on piano , and worked with both Red Nichols and Bud Freeman that decade as a drummer . On vibraphone , he played with Georgie Auld , Buddy DeFranco , Vido Musso , Ben Webster , Ann Richards , and Harry Babasin 's Jazzpickers . He released one solo album , Vibraphone Fantasy in Jazz , on Imperial Records in 1957 , which is now a collector 's item .
Discography
As leader
For Moderns Only with the Jazzpickers ( Mercury/EmArcy , 1957 )
Vibraphone Fantasy in Jazz with Bob Harrington ( Imperial , 1957 )
Jazz a La Carte ( Crown , 1963 )
Leachery without Treachery with the Dirty Old Men ( Nocturne , 1969 )
As sideman
Buddy Childers , Sam Songs ( Liberty , 1956 )
Bob Keene , Bob Keene and His Orchestra ( Fresh Sound 1988 )
Jackie Kelso & Bill Hood , Dirty Old Men ( Jazz Chronicles , 1970 )
Ann Richards , Two Much ! ( Capitol , 1960 )
Steve White , Jazz Mad : The Unpredictable Steve White ( Liberty , 1955 )
References
Eugene Chadbourne , [ Bob Harrington ] at AllMusic
1912 births
1983 deaths
American jazz vibraphonists
Imperial Records artists
Yes , Madam ( , released in the United Kingdom as Police Assassins and in the Philippines as The Super Cops ) is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen , and produced by Sammo Hung , who also appears in a cameo in the film . The film stars Michelle Yeoh as Senior Inspector Ng who teams up with Inspector Carrie Morris ( Cynthia Rothrock ) to get a hold of microfilm which has been taken unknowingly by low level thieves Asprin ( Mang Hoi ) and Strepsil ( John Shum ) .
The film was the 21st-highest-grossing film of the year in Hong Kong and gave Mang an award for Best Supporting Actor at the 5th Hong Kong Film Awards . It has been described as the first film of the `` girls with guns '' subgenre . Yes , Madam received several sequels in the Line of Duty film series .
Plot
In Hong Kong , Inspector Ng manages to stop the theft of an armored car by a group of criminals . In another part of the city , a deal is being made between a Westerner and an assassin . After the deal goes sour , the assassin kills the Westerner while the duo of Asprin and Strepsil enter to pickpocket the Westerner and steal his passport . Unknown to all of them , the Westerner had secret microfilm that contained details of a group of criminals involved in illegal activities , most notably the crooked businessman Mr. Tin . Inspector Ng arrives later and is heartbroken to discover that the dead man was Richard Nornen , with whom she was romantically involved .
After authorities find out that Nornen had been working undercover and that the microfilm is missing , the Scottish investigator Carrie Morris is brought in to assist Ng in recovering it . The microfilm is in the possession of some petty thieves , whilst the police are looking for it to prove the guilt of Mr. Tin and his accomplices , who naturally want it destroyed . Meanwhile , Asprin and Strepsil return the passport to Panadol . Panadol sells the passport to a criminal who attempts to leave the country with it , but is thwarted by Morris , who halts him at the airport . Ng allows the criminal to leave but not on the plane , allowing both Morris and Ng to track down the source of the phony passport to Panadol . With Panadol in custody , he inadvertently mentions Asprin and Strepsil as accomplices .
Mr. Tin has the most to lose from the microfilm and sends three thugs to Asprin and Strepsil in order to get it from them . Strepsil admits defeat to them and gives over the microfilm . Ng and Morris then attempt to arrest Mr. Tin for possession of the item , but find that the microfilm in his possession is another one of Panadol 's fakes and are unable to arrest him . Tin 's thugs then manage to find Panadol but beat him so severely that he dies , while Asperin and Strepsil were going to sell the real microfilm for thousands of dollars . When Strepsil finds that Mr. Tin has the microfilm , Asperin and Strepsil , with the two police officers Morris and Ng closely following , arrive at Tin 's house for a final showdown . During the battle , the microfilm is destroyed and Ng and Morris are about to be arrested for trespassing . Strepsil , who had just learned of Panadol 's death , becomes enraged and grabs a police officer 's gun and shoots Tin , who was about to go free because of the destruction of the evidence .
Cast
John Shum as Strepsil
Michelle Yeoh as Senior Inspector Ng ( as Michelle Khan )
Mang Hoi as Asprin
Cynthia Rothrock as Senior Inspector Carrie Morris
Tsui Hark as Panadol
Sammo Hung as Sifu
Richard Ng as Weak Heart
David Chiang as Sifu 's roommate
Wu Ma as Policeman
Billy Lau as Parking Inspector
Dick Wei as Willie
James Tien as Henry Tin
Chung Fat as Big Moustache
Fruit Chan as Fruit
Chin Ka-lok as Henry 's thug
Hsiao Ho as Henry 's thug
Corey Yuen as Policeman
Production
While working a martial arts demonstration team , the magazine Inside Kung Fu contacted Cynthia Rothrock 's team stating that D & B Film was looking for a new male lead to play a Bruce Lee-esque character in a film . Despite looking for a male lead the team has a few women on their team and decided to bring them to demonstrate their skills as well . The studio producers were so impressed with Rothrock 's martial arts skills that they offered her the role in the film on the spot and changed the lead from a male to female . When arriving to shoot the film , Rothrock was surprised of her role as she assumed she was going to be in a traditional period martial arts film .
Yes , Madam was the first starring role in a feature film for Michelle Yeoh . Yeoh had previously won the 1982 Miss World Malaysia contest in 1983 . After winning the contest she met D & B executive producer Dickson Poon who cast her in a small role in a television commercial with entertainer Jackie Chan in 1984 . Her role in the commercial caught the attention of a film production company D & B Films . Yeoh had previously played small roles in Sammo Hung 's film Owl vs. Dumbo ( 1985 ) and Twinkle Twinkle Lucky Stars ( 1985 ) . For Yes , Madam ! , Yeoh took to stunt work opposed to allowing a double for every stunt . To train for her role , Yeoh worked out in a gym for eight hours a day . She stated that both herself and Rothrock did not want the film to be `` too hard core '' , stating that `` We wanted the family to come in and watch it ''
According to Rothrock , the airport scene was shot at Kai Tak Airport in three nights between 12:00 midnight and 5:00 a.m . The film 's finale took 30 days to shoot . Rothrock sustained a head wound during her fight scene with Dick Wei . When filming resumed after her wound was stitched up , a stand-in for Wei was brought in to film the shot of Rothrock doing her scorpion kick on Wei 's character , presumably because Wei was anticipating payback from her .
The film 's score was composed by Romeo Diaz . Diaz would work with director Yuen again on his other films including Fong Sai Yuk ( 1993 ) . The score also featured parts of the soundtrack from John Carpenter 's film Halloween ( 1978 ) .
Release
Yes , Madam was released in Hong Kong on 20 November 1985 . The film grossed HK $ 10,019,862 at the box office , becoming the 21st-highest grossing-film of the year in Hong Kong . The popularity of both Yes , Madam and Royal Warriors lead to a small wave of Hong Kong film companies to make their own films featuring fighting females such as the In the Line of Duty and the Black Cat film series . The film was released in the Philippines by Asia Films as The Super Cops on 28 January 1988 .
Home media
Yes , Madam ! was released and re-released under various titles . In the United States , it was first released under the title Supercops . Along with Royal Warriors - another film starring Yeoh , Yes , Madam was released under the title Ultra Force 1 and Ultra Force 2 respectively in the European market . Elsewhere the film were re-titled In the Line of Duty and In the Line of Duty 2 . The In the Line of Duty films received several sequels .
Yes , Madam ! was released under its original title on DVD on 17 November 1998 . In 2002 , the film was released on DVD under the title Police Assassins in the United Kingdom . In Hong Kong , Yes Madam was released on Blu-ray on 7 June 2011 by CMS Media Limited . The Blu-ray features both Cantonese and Mandarin language options and English subtitles .
Critical reception
From retrospective reviews , the BBC gave the film a three-star rating , describing the film as `` tongue-in-cheek nonsense but fun nonetheless '' and praising the fight scenes involving Yeoh and Rothrock . Peter Goddard ( The Toronto Star ) stated that despite the lead of Rothrock and Yeoh , the film was still focusing on the male actors . The review commented on Corey Yuen 's action choreography , describing it as `` slick '' and `` cartoony '' but with no `` particularly memorable '' scenes . In his book The Hong Kong Filmography , 1977-1997 , John Charles gave the film a seven out of ten , opining that `` like all D & B genre pictures that followed , the storyline is routine but the action certainly is n't . '' Both Goddard and Charles highlighted a scene where Michelle Yeoh jumps backwards over a rail and through a plate glass .
Accolades
See also
List of action films of the 1980s
List of Hong Kong films of 1985
Sammo Hung filmography
Notes
References
External links
1985 films
1985 action thriller films
1980s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Corey Yuen
Films shot in Hong Kong
Films shot in Macau
Girls with guns films
Hong Kong action thriller films
Hong Kong detective films
Hong Kong martial arts films
Police detective films
1980s Hong Kong films
Perfidia is a historical romance and crime fiction novel by American author James Ellroy . Published in 2014 , it is the first novel in the second L.A. Quartet , referring to his four prior novels from the first L.A. Quartet . Perfidia was released September 9 , 2014 . A Waterstones exclusive limited edition of Perfidia was released September 11 , 2014 , and includes an essay by Ellroy himself titled `` Ellroy 's History – Then and Now . '' The title , Perfidia , is Italian for the word perfidy , ( see also perfidia ) and is also the name of the big band song , Perfidia .
Plot
The main characters are Hideo Ashida , a Japanese Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) chemist , Kay Lake , a young woman looking for adventure , the real life William H. Parker , a gifted LAPD captain with a drinking problem , and Dudley Smith , an LAPD sergeant born in Dublin , Ireland , and raised in Los Angeles . The novel is told in real time , covering 23 days with the dates and the time the chapters and events are occurring , as well as through Kay Lake 's diary . An entry from Kay Lake 's diary begins Perfidia , followed by a bootleg transmitter radio broadcast on Friday , December 5 , 1941 , being broadcast by real-life Gerald L. K. Smith . The first chapter introduces the reader to Hideo Ashida , on Saturday , December 6 , 1941 , at 9:08 am . Since many fictional and real-life characters appear in Perfidia , many from his prior novels , Ellroy added a dramatis personæ , which notes the previous appearances of characters in Perfidia , as well as short summaries for some of the characters .
Reviews and reception
Perfidia was on The New York Times Best Sellers list for hardcover fiction at number 16 on September 28 , 2014 . It also was an Editors ' Choice at The New York Times on September 12 , 2014 . NPR added Perfidia as one of the best books of 2014 out of approximately 250 titles . Perfidia was also one of the eighty books nominated for the 2015 Folio Prize by the Folio Prize Academy .
References
External links
https : //www.jamesellroy.net/books/perfidia/ Retrieved 2017-06-10
https : //www.nytimes.com/2014/09/07/books/review/james-ellroys-perfidia.html Retrieved 2015-06-27
https : //apps.npr.org/best-books-2014/ # /book/perfidia-a-novel Retrieved 2017-06-10
https : //vimeo.com/107267635 Retrieved 2018-01-17
2014 American novels
Novels by James Ellroy
Historical crime novels
Books with cover art by Chip Kidd
Fiction set in 1941
Aurora Fashions was a holding company of several retail fashion brands , formed in 2009 to purchase a number of businesses from the collapsed Mosaic Fashions . The company operates over 1250 stores in 38 countries , including franchises , under the Oasis , Warehouse and Coast brands .
In March 2011 , the company announced plans to spin-off Karen Millen , which was completed in 2012 . Karen Millen was separated from the group to be owned by Aurora 's parent Kaupthing Bank .
Aurora announced further plans in March 2013 for a wider restructuring . As part of this , Coast was also separated from the rest of the group , under the ownership of Kaupthing , and it was planned that Oasis and Warehouse would be merged under a new single parent company , Fresh Channel . The two brands were eventually de-merged as the Oasis and Warehouse Group , led by Liz Evans .
On 30 April 2020 , it was announced that both Oasis and Warehouse went into administration with the loss of 1,800 jobs .
References
External links
Clothing retailers of Iceland
Retail companies established in 2009
Holding companies established in 2009
Retail companies disestablished in 2015
Blue Ridge is a community in Houston , Texas , United States that used to be a distinct unincorporated area in northeast Fort Bend County . The community , which was also known as Hobby , is located on a ridge of Oyster Creek , east of Richmond . The section of Blue Ridge within the Houston City Limits is known as the Fort Bend-Houston Super Neighborhood # 41 .
History
The area now known as Blue Ridge was a part of Stephen F. Austin 's first colony . The site itself began to be permanently occupied in the late 19th century . As an independent community Blue Ridge did not have any post offices . The W. Allen Robinson family arrived in Blue Ridge in 1894 , and in the 1890s the family established a ranch headquarters . Oil was discovered near Blue Ridge in 1919 , and a salt mine opened shortly afterwards . In 1925 gas was discovered in the area . As resources were discovered , banks and gambling houses opened and the Handbook of Texas stated that Blue Ridge became a `` boomtown '' . In 1936 the Blue Ridge State Prison Farm incorporated the area , and most Blue Ridge residents were staff members at the facility . Blue Ridge acted as a satellite work camp for the Central Prison Farm .
In 1958 the Texas Department of Corrections voted to sell the prison lands to private developers . The houses were developed in the 1960s and 1970s . Parts of the area were annexed by Houston in the early 1970s . The first population figure for the community was of the year 1970 , when the community had 50 residents and no businesses . The former prison inmate housing compound is the current location of Willowridge High School .
Cityscape
The Houston Fort Bend Super Neighborhood has its boundaries as Beltway 8 , Fondren Road , Hiram Clarke Road , and McHard Road . Its area is almost . Many churches of various ethnic groups and religions are supported by the Blue Ridge community . Carol E. Vaughn of the Houston Chronicle said that the area , before the formation of the super neighborhood , `` has considered itself a stepchild of sorts in the past , an area unwittingly passed back and forth between parents . '' Half of the community has a Missouri City zip code ( 77489 ) west of Chimney Rock - a majority of residents still refer to this section as Missouri City even though it is not located inside the Missouri City city limits . Residents who still use the Missouri City designation are known as Missouri City by Choice residents .
Government
Blue Ridge is within Houston City Council District K. Prior to 2011 it was a part of city council district D .
In the final Mayor of Houston election before 2002 , over 6,000 people there voted for Lee P. Brown .
Transportation
Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County ( METRO ) operates public bus services .
In 1990 members of the Ridgegate and Briargate subdivisions protested proposed bus services from METRO .
Education
Primary and secondary schools
Blue Ridge is within the Fort Bend Independent School District . The community is within the East Division , controlling school board slots 5 through 7 . As of 2008 the board members in the slots are Laurie Caldwell , Steve Smelley , and David Reitz , respectively . As an independent community Blue Ridge did not have any schools .
Zoned schools include :
Blue Ridge Elementary School
Briargate Elementary School
Ridgegate Elementary School
Ridgemont Elementary School
Christa McAuliffe Middle School
Willowridge High School
Blue Ridge Elementary School was occupied in August 1969 . Ridgemont was occupied in August 1973 . Briargate was occupied in the fall of 1977 . Willowridge 's phase one began construction in February 1978 and opened in September 1979 . Ridgegate was occupied in January 1981 . McAuliffe was occupied in the northern hemisphere fall of 1986 . Phase two of Willowridge was completed in the summer of 1992 .
Public libraries
The Stimley-Blue Ridge Library of the Houston Public Library is located at 7007 West Fuqua in Blue Ridge . In 1997 the library was named after Sherman E. Stimley , the first African-American law associate of the firm Vinson & Elkins . In 1985 Stimley started the first consulting company exclusively dealing with tax-exempt bond law that was headed by an African-American in Houston . Stimley had books as an interest .
Parks and recreation
The Blueridge Park , operated by the City of Houston 's Parks and Recreation Department , is in Blue Ridge . Fort Bend County operates the Post Oak Park . The park includes three baseball fields , one concession stand , one softball field , and one toilet facility .
See also
References
External links
Neighborhoods in Houston
An Earth trojan is an asteroid that orbits the Sun in the vicinity of the Earth–Sun Lagrangian points ( leading 60° ) or ( trailing 60° ) , thus having an orbit similar to Earth 's . Only two Earth trojans have so far been discovered . The name `` trojan '' was first used in 1906 for the Jupiter trojans , the asteroids that were observed near the Lagrangian points of Jupiter 's orbit .
Members
( leading )
: A 300-metre diameter asteroid , discovered using the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) satellite in January 2010 .
: Discovered by the Pan-STARRS survey in December 2020 and later recognized as an Earth trojan in January 2021 .
( trailing )
No known objects are currently thought to be trojans of Earth .
Searches
An Earth-based search for objects was conducted in 1994 , covering 0.35 square degrees of sky , under poor observing conditions . That search failed to detect any objects :
`` The limiting sensitivity of this search was magnitude ~22.8 , corresponding to C-type asteroids ~350 m in diameter , or S-type asteroids ~175 m in diameter . ''
In February 2017 , the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft performed a search from within the region on its way to asteroid Bennu . No additional Earth trojans were discovered .
In April 2017 , the Hayabusa2 spacecraft searched the region while proceeding to asteroid Ryugu , but did not find any asteroids there .
Significance
The orbits of any Earth trojans could make them less energetically costly to reach than the Moon , even though they will be hundreds of times more distant . Such asteroids could one day be useful as sources of elements that are rare near Earth 's surface . On Earth , siderophiles such as iridium are difficult to find , having largely sunk to the core of the planet shortly after its formation .
A small asteroid could be a rich source of such elements even if its overall composition is similar to Earth 's ; because of their small size , such bodies would lose heat much more rapidly than a planet once they had formed , and so would not have melted , a prerequisite for differentiation ( even if they differentiated , the core would still be within reach ) . Their weak gravitational fields also would have inhibited significant separation of denser and lighter material ; a mass the size of would exert a surface gravitational force of less than 0.00005 times that of Earth ( although the asteroid 's rotation could cause separation ) .
Giant-impact hypothesis
A hypothetical planet-sized Earth trojan the size of Mars , given the name Theia , is thought by proponents of the giant-impact hypothesis to be the origin of the Moon . The hypothesis states that the Moon formed after Earth and Theia collided , showering material from the two planets into space . This material eventually accreted around Earth and into a single orbiting body , the Moon .
At the same time , material from Theia mixed and combined with Earth 's mantle and core . Supporters of the giant-impact hypothesis theorise that Earth 's large core in relation to its overall volume is as a result of this combination .
Continuing interest in near-Earth asteroids
Astronomy continues to retain interest in the subject . A publication
describes these reasons thus :
Other companions of Earth
Several other small objects have been found on an orbital path associated with Earth . Although these objects are in 1:1 orbital resonance , they are not Earth trojans , because they do not librate around a definite Sun–Earth Lagrangian point , neither nor .
Earth has another noted companion , asteroid 3753 Cruithne . About 5 km across , it has a peculiar type of orbital resonance called an overlapping horseshoe , and is probably only a temporary liaison .
469219 Kamoʻoalewa , an asteroid discovered on 27 April 2016 , is possibly the most stable quasi-satellite of Earth .
See also
2003 YN107
2006 RH120
3753 Cruithne
6Q0B44E
Claimed moons of Earth
Kordylewski cloud
Natural satellite
Quasi-satellite
Theia / giant-impact hypothesis
References
Trojans
3
Roy Lee `` Chucky '' Mullins ( July 8 , 1969 – May 6 , 1991 ) was an American football player at Ole Miss ( University of Mississippi ) best known for the devastating football injury that left him a quadriplegic .
Accident and aftermath
Chucky Mullins was injured on October 28 , 1989 , during the Ole Miss Rebels ' Homecoming game against the Vanderbilt Commodores in Oxford , Mississippi . Chucky Mullins plunged head-first into a tackle of Vanderbilt fullback Brad Gaines after a short pass attempt . The impact shattered four vertebrae in Mullins ' cervical spine , immediately paralyzing him .
After being airlifted to Baptist Memorial Hospital in Memphis , Mullins underwent a tracheotomy and five-hour bone graft operation to fuse the vertebrae . Mullins never regained sensation below his neck . After months of intensive physical therapy , however , Mullins was eventually able to move a hand across his body and touch his chest .
As soon as the injury occurred , Mullins became the recipient of a huge outpouring of community support . Ole Miss fans , college football fans in the South and people from all over the nation immediately began to donate money towards Mullins ' growing medical expenses . President George H. W. Bush visited Mullins in his hospital room and encouraged him while on a visit to Memphis . Soon , Ole Miss established the `` Chucky Mullins Trust Fund '' to properly manage the donations . The city of Oxford donated land for a specially-designed , handicap-accessible house for Mullins . Donations to the trust fund eventually exceeded $ 1 million .
Mullins returned to Ole Miss on June 20 , 1990 , to complete his undergraduate studies .
Death
Less than a year after returning to school , Mullins was stricken by a pulmonary embolism , caused by blood clots formed by inactivity and poor circulation . He died in the hospital on May 6 , 1991 , and was buried in his home town of Russellville , Alabama .
Memorials
On Sept. 26 , 2014 , Coliseum Drive on the Ole Miss campus was renamed Chucky Mullins Drive .
During Mullins ' time in the hospital , he and Gaines , who did not know each other before the accident , became close friends . Since Mullins ' death , Gaines visits and maintains his friend 's gravesite three times a year : May 6 ( the anniversary of Mullins ' death ) , October 28 ( the anniversary of the injury ) and December 25 ( Christmas Day ) . Brad Gaines continues this personal tradition to this day .
The impact of the accident on Gaines , and the injury to Mullins , is the subject of a SEC Storied documentary `` It 's Time '' , which first aired in September 2014 on the SEC Network .
Each spring , during the annual Grove Bowl ( a game at the end of spring practices pitting Ole Miss players against each other ) , the player who most embodies Chucky Mullins ' spirit and courage receives the `` Chucky Mullins Memorial Courage Award '' . With the award , the player received the right to wear jersey number 38 , the same number Chucky wore . Chucky 's number 38 was retired on September 3 , 2006 , in a pregame ceremony before the Rebels ' victory over Memphis . From 2006 until 2009 , the winner of the `` Chucky Mullins Memorial Courage Award '' wore a patch in honor of this award . However , the retiring of Chucky 's jersey # 38 proved to be an unpopular move . Thus , after changes to the award ( i.e . any defensive player is eligible , no longer just a rising senior defensive player ) , the number was returned to circulation in 2010 to be exclusively worn by the award winner for that season . Beginning with the 2021 season , award recipients are given the option of wearing a jersey with # 38 or retaining their original jersey number with a `` 38 '' patch on it .
Winners of the Chucky Mullins Courage Award
1990 – Chris Mitchell
1991 – Jeff Carter
1992 – Trea Southerland
1993 – Johnny Dixon
1994 – Alundice Brice
1995 – Michael Lowery
1996 – Derek Jones
1997 – Nate Wayne
1998 – Gary Thigpen
1999 – Ronnie Heard
2000 – Anthony Magee
2001 – Kevin Thomas
2002 – Lanier Goethie
2003 – Jamil Northcutt
2004 – Eric Oliver
2005 – Kelvin Robinson
2006 – Patrick Willis
2007 – Jeremy Garrett
2008 – Jamarca Sanford
2009 – Marcus Tillman
2010 – Kentrell Lockett
2011 – D. T. Shackelford
2012 – Jason Jones
2013 – Mike Marry
2014 – Detarrian ( D.T . ) Shackleford ( 2nd award )
2015 – Mike Hilton
2016 – John Youngblood
2017 - Marquis Haynes
2018 - CJ Moore
2019 - Austrian Robinson
2020 - Jaylon Jones
2021 - Keidron Smith
2022 - KD Hill
Mullins 's story was memorialized in a documentary film , Undefeated : The Chucky Mullins Story and also the SEC Storied Documentary film , `` It 's Time '' .
Related
Former Auburn University defensive back Zach Gilbert , who is a cousin of Mullins , wore number 38 in his honor .
Former Rebels and 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis was the first recipient of the Chucky Mullins Award after the number was retired .
A book was written by author Larry Woody about the incident : Dixie Farewell : The Life and Death of Chucky Mullins ( 1994 ) Eggman Publishing
Rev . Jody Hill , a former Ole Miss teammate of Mullins , also wrote a book : 38 : The Chucky Mullins Effect ( Deeds Publishing ( August 12 , 2014 ) , ) .
References
External links
Undefeated : The Chucky Mullins Story
The Ole Miss Athlete of the decade – The Daily Mississippian , 1995
1969 births
1991 deaths
People from Russellville , Alabama
African-American players of American football
American football cornerbacks
Ole Miss Rebels football players
People with tetraplegia
Sports deaths in Mississippi
Players of American football from Alabama
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Macon County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 14,740 . The county seat is Oglethorpe .
The Macon County Courthouse is located in Oglethorpe .
History
Macon County was created in 1837 from parts of Houston ( `` house-ton '' ) and Marion counties , effective December 14 of that year . The 91st county , it was named for the then-recently deceased General Nathaniel Macon of North Carolina , who served in the U.S. Congress for 37 years and ran for U.S. vice president . The city of Macon , Georgia was also named for him , but the city of Macon , Georgia , is the seat of Bibb County , a different county . The county was later reduced when parts were separated to organize Taylor and Peach counties , in 1852 and 1924 , respectively .
The first county seat was not chosen until 1838 , when the county 's inferior court selected Lanier . The Georgia General Assembly ( state legislature ) designated it on December 29 of that year and incorporated it as a town .
In the 1850s , the Central of Georgia Railroad was built through Oglethorpe , changing county dynamics . As a result , the Georgia Assembly called for a referendum on moving the Macon County seat to Oglethorpe in February of both 1854 and 1856 . Little is known about the first vote , but the second vote resulted in approval for a change to the county seat , and Oglethorpe was designated the following year in 1857 .
During the Civil War , 13,000 Union soldiers who were prisoners of war died at the Confederate camp in Andersonville , Georgia from starvation and disease . In the late period of the war , Georgia also had difficulty supplying its own troops and people with food . Throughout the Civil War , more men on both sides died of disease than of their wounds . Commandants of the camp were prosecuted after the war for poor treatment of prisoners . The Andersonville National Cemetery , established for the many Union dead , is at the southwestern tip of the county .
The county has an active Mennonite community . The area code for Macon County is currently 478 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.3 % ) is water . The county is located in the upper Atlantic coastal plain region of the state .
Most of the southern half of Macon County , from west of Ideal to State Route 49 north of Montezuma , then running north along State Route 49 to Marshallville , and then running southeast in the direction of Unadilla , is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin ( Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin ) . The northern and northwestern portion of the county , from north of Marshallville heading west , is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin . The northeastern corner of Macon County , east of Marshallville , is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin .
Major highways
State Route 26
State Route 49
State Route 90
State Route 127
State Route 128
State Route 128 Bypass
State Route 224
State Route 240
State Route 329
Adjacent counties
Peach County ( northeast )
Houston County ( east )
Dooly County ( southeast )
Sumter County ( south )
Schley County ( southwest )
Taylor County ( northwest )
National protected area
Andersonville National Historic Site ( part )
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 12,082 people , 4,696 households , and 3,033 families residing in the county .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 14,740 people , 4,999 households , and 3,363 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 6,136 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 60.6 % black or African American , 35.1 % white , 1.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 1.6 % from other races , and 1.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.6 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , and 7.1 % were American .
Of the 4,999 households , 33.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 37.5 % were married couples living together , 24.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.7 % were non-families , and 29.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.15 . The median age was 38.2 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,950 and the median income for a family was $ 37,218 . Males had a median income of $ 27,274 versus $ 23,750 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,902 . About 24.1 % of families and 33.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 44.8 % of those under age 18 and 27.2 % of those age 65 or over .
2000 census
As of the 2000 census of 2000 , there were 14,074 people , 4,834 households , and 3,485 families living in the county . The population density was 35 people per square mile ( 13/km2 ) . There were 5,495 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 59.48 % Black or African American , 37.37 % White or Caucasian , 0.22 % Native American , 0.60 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 1.52 % from other races , and 0.75 % from two or more races . 2.59 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,834 households , out of which 34.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 42.70 % were married couples living together , 24.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.90 % were non-families . 25.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.25 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.60 % under the age of 18 , 9.70 % from 18 to 24 , 27.60 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 98.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.70 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 24,224 , and the median income for a family was $ 29,402 . Males had a median income of $ 26,922 versus $ 18,611 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 11,820 . About 22.10 % of families and 25.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 39.00 % of those under age 18 and 22.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Communities
Ideal
Marshallville
Montezuma
Oglethorpe ( county seat )
Politics
In popular culture
Macon County has been an important setting for season 4 of AMC 's hit TV show , The Walking Dead.Macon County was a shooting place for the 2013 movie , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Macon County , Georgia
References
External links
Macon County government
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1837 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1837
Black Belt ( U.S. region )
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Forest Hall is a town in the borough of North Tyneside in the United Kingdom . It is a north eastern suburb of Newcastle and lies six kilometres from the city centre . It borders Killingworth to the north , Holystone to the east and Benton to the south . While relatively affluent compared to some surrounding areas , its proximity to Killingworth has led to an increase in antisocial behaviour in recent years .
Layout
Station Road North
Forest Hall 's main commercial centre is Station Road North , a compact shopping street with a variety of establishments including shops , takeaway food outlets and restaurants , two small supermarkets , a pharmacy and an optician . On the former site of Forest Hall railway station is the Flying Scotsman pub . Additionally , Springfield Park , a somewhat sizeable public park , is located near Station Road North ; it has sports grounds , a playground and a community centre . In 2019 , North Tyneside Council completed a £500,000 public works project into Station Road North ; this included replacing the paving tiles , installing new benches and raising the road junction at the western end of the street as a traffic calming measure .
West Moor
West Moor , or Westmoor , is a village which , as the name suggests , comprises the westernmost section of Forest Hall . It is a small village which hugs the railway line and has two small rows of shops adjacent to Great Lime Road . To the east of the railway line there is an Indian takeaway , a Chinese takeaway , a pizza shop and a fish & chip shop . To the west of the railway line there is a deli , a bakery , a newsagent and a hair salon . There is also a pub , the George Stephenson Inn . At the southern end of the village , near Findus Roundabout , there is a community centre with a playground and large outdoor sports ground . On the northern edge is the former site of Killingworth railway station . Westmoor is also the site of George Stephenson Industrial Estate . Finally , there is a Lidl supermarket at the eastern edge of Westmoor .
Palmersville
Palmersville is a sizeable residential area which forms the easternmost section of Forest Hall . Centred around Palmersville Green , a large open field with a playground surrounded by houses and flats , the area has a distinct character and community , although suffers from deprivation and antisocial behaviour . It lacks a commercial centre but has businesses scattered throughout , including an Aldi supermarket and a Post Office on Great Lime Road , a fish & chip shop and Chinese takeaway at the corner of Great Lime Road and Bamburgh Road , and a Thai takeaway and newsagents at the corner of the Meadway and Rocket Way . At the far eastern edge of Palmersville and Forest Hall is Palmersville Metro station .
Station Road
The southern section of Forest Hall , on the other side of the railway line from Station Road North , follows Station Road into Benton . Around halfway along the road is a row of shops including a newsagent , a veterinarian 's practice , an Italian restaurant and an autoparts shop . There is also a Royal Mail depot . Benton Metro station is around 250 metres south of the southern border of Forest Hall at Benton Cemetery .
Transport
Several bus routes pass through Forest Hall , linking it to both Newcastle city centre and other surrounding areas such as Cramlington and Whitley Bay . The number 55 bus takes twenty minutes to travel to the Haymarket , while the 63 takes thirty to the Monument .
Forest Hall 's two main road thoroughfares are Great Lime Road and Station Road . Great Lime Road is an east-west route through the north of the town between Westmoor and Palmersville and on to Holystone . Station Road is a north-south route from Station Road North through the south of the town and on to Benton . There are no major A road within Forest Hall itself but the western terminus of Great Lime Road is at Findus Roundabout on the A189 , and Holystone roundabout on the A19 is near Palmersville .
Although the East Coast Main Line runs directly through the town centre at Station Road North there are no rail links , nor have there been since September 1958 ; however , Benton station on the Tyne & Wear Metro is located less than a kilometre away . Palmersville , however , does have its own Metro station , which is located at the far eastern edge of the town , and also serves Holystone .
Education and Worship
Primary Schools
Forest Hall Primary School
St Mary 's Roman Catholic Primary School
Ivy Road Primary School
Westmoor Primary School
There are no secondary schools within Forest Hall , but George Stephenson High School in Killingworth and Longbenton High School are both nearby . The nearest sixth forms and universities are in Newcastle city centre .
Churches
St Bartholomew 's - Church of England
St Andrew 's - Methodist
St Mary 's - Roman Catholic
Westmoor Methodist Church
Bethesda Gospel Hall
There are no non-Christian places of worship in the area ; the nearest synagogue is in Gosforth and the nearest mosque is in Heaton .
History
Dial Cottage
Dial Cottage , a grade II listed building and home from 1804 to 1823 of railway pioneer George Stephenson , is located on Great Lime Road in Forest Hall . It was while he was living there that Stephenson developed one of the world 's earliest locomotives , called the Blücher , as well as several others which ran on the Killingworth Colliery from 1814 . The trackbed is now a public footpath which can be accessed from Great Lime Road a kilometre east of the cottage .
The cottage is privately owned , though tours occasionally take place . At the cottage there is a sundial , which Stephenson built himself and which gives the cottage its name , and a plaque which reads :
“ George Stephenson . Engineer , inventor of the Locomotive Engine . Lived in this cottage from 1805 to 1823 ; his first locomotive ( Blücher ) was built at the adjacent colliery wagon shops , and on July 25 , 1814 was placed on the wagonway which crosses the road at the east end of this cottage . ''
Clousden Hill Free Commune
Local Government
Forest Hall is located in the borough of North Tyneside in the ceremonial county of Tyne & Wear . Its parliamentary constituency is also called North Tyneside , represented since 2010 by Mary Glindon . The town does not have its own council ward and is divided between multiple wards named after other localities ; most of Forest Hall , including Station Road North and the area along Station Road , is in Benton Ward , while most of Palmersville is in Killingworth Ward and most of Westmoor is in Longbenton Ward . As of February 2022 , the town 's councillors are :
The Labour Party performs well in the area ; none of the three wards have elected a non-Labour councillor since 2008 when Benton Ward 's seat was won by Leslie Birkinfield and Killingworth 's was won by Norma Peggs , both Conservatives .
Notes
External links
Populated places in Tyne and Wear
Metropolitan Borough of North Tyneside
Pass of Kilbride ( ) is a civil parish in County Westmeath , Ireland . It is located about south‑south‑east of Mullingar .
Pass of Kilbride is one of 10 civil parishes in the barony of Fartullagh in the Province of Leinster . The civil parish covers .
Pass of Kilbride civil parish comprises the village of Milltownpass and 5 townlands : Corcloon , Drumman , Gallstown , Milltown and Pass of Kilbride .
An Abbey stands outside the village of Milltownpass , known locally as Pass of Kilbride Abbey .
The neighbouring civil parishes are : Enniscoffey to the north , Killucan ( barony of Farbill ) , Ballyboggan ( County Meath ) and Castlejordan ( County Meath ) to the east , Castlelost to the south and Kilbride to the west .
References
External links
Pass of Kilbride civil parish at the IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Pass of Kilbride civil parish at Townlands.ie
Pass of Kilbride civil parish at the Placenames Database of Ireland
Civil parishes of County Westmeath
Volodymyr Vasyutyk ( ; born 24 March 1970 ) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian football goalkeeper and Ukrainian coach .
In 2021 FC Uzhhorod managed by Vasiutyk gained promotion to the First League ( tier 2 ) .
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
People from Uzhhorod
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
FC Shakhtar Donetsk players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
FC Papirnyk Malyn players
Soviet Top League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Association football goalkeepers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod managers
FC Uzhhorod managers
Sportspeople from Zakarpattia Oblast
Stephan Benson Gibralter is a former Major League Baseball player who was born in Dallas , Texas on October 9 , 1972 . He played parts of two seasons for the Cincinnati Reds . He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 6th round of the 1990 amateur draft . His Major League debut came on June 1 , 1995 .
Career statistics
Baseball-Reference
Cincinnati Reds players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from Dallas
1972 births
Living people
Charlotte Knights players
People from Duncanville , Texas
Long Island Ducks players
Cedar Rapids Reds players
Charleston Wheelers players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Gulf Coast Reds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Omaha Golden Spikes players
Duncanville High School alumni
Solar eclipses on Uranus occur when any of the natural satellites of Uranus passes in front of the Sun as seen from Uranus . Eclipses can occur only near a solar ring plane-crossing of Uranus ( equinox ) , occurring approximately every 42 years , with the last crossing being in 2007/2008 .
For bodies that appear smaller in angular diameter than the Sun , the proper term would be a transit and bodies that are larger than the apparent size of the Sun , the proper term would be an occultation .
Twelve satellites of Uranus—Cressida , Desdemona , Juliet , Portia , Rosalind , Belinda , Puck , Miranda , Ariel , Umbriel , Titania and Oberon—are large enough and near enough to eclipse the Sun .
All other satellites of Uranus are too small or too distant to produce an umbra .
At its distance from the Sun , the Sun 's angular diameter is reduced to a tiny disk about 2 arcminutes across . The angular diameters of the moons large enough to fully eclipse the sun are : Cressida , 6–8 ' ; Desdemona , 6–7 ' ; Juliet , 10–12 ' ; Portia , 9–13 ' ; Rosalind , 4–5 ' ; Belinda , 6–8 ' ; Puck , 6–8 ' ; Miranda , 10–15 ' ; Ariel , 20–23 ' ; Umbriel , 15–17 ' ; Titania , 11–13 ' ; Oberon , 8–9 ' .
References
External links
Brufau , Rainer . ( 2021 ) . Triple shadow phenomena on Jupiter , Saturn and Uranus from 1000 CE to 3000 CE ( Version 0 ) [ Data set ] . Zenodo . https : //doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5515898
Solar eclipses by planet
Uranus
The naming customs of Indigenous Taiwanese are distinct from , though influenced by , the majority Han Chinese culture of Taiwan . Prior to contact with Han Chinese , the Indigenous Taiwanese named themselves according to each tribe 's tradition . The naming system varies greatly depending on the particular tribes . Some tribes do not have family names , at least as part of the personal name .
Under the strong influence of Chinese culture and forces of cultural assimilation brought by Han settlers in the 17th century , the Indigenous Taiwanese have gradually adopted Han names . In the 17th and 18th centuries , possession of a Han surname was considered to be a sign of being civilized , in part because adoption of a Han surname meant that that person was now entered into the population registration books and could be taxed . Upon possessing a Han surname , most of the lowland Indigenous tribes assimilated with the Han immigrants , and eventually no longer saw themselves or were seen as a distinct population .
The handful of highland tribes generally kept separate names until after World War II when the government systematically assigned Han names to Indigenous Taiwanese . Aboriginal Taiwanese people settled near Hakka communities were sometimes assigned Hakka-like family names . For instance , Indigenous pop singer A-mei ( 張惠妹 ) may have a name with Hakka characteristics .
For a few decades in the first half of the 20th century under Japanese rule , a strict policy was put in place to quickly assimilate the island 's inhabitants en masse by instituting Japanese names . These names were generally abandoned in Taiwan after 1945 when Japanese rule ended .
In the last two decades some Indigenous Taiwanese people have again taken up traditional names or chosen to emphasize them . However , few have abandoned their Han names , in part because the Austronesian names are difficult for non-Indigenous people to remember or pronounce . As a legacy of the anti-romanisation policy of the past , even these names are often written in Chinese characters to mimic their native sounds , even though Formosan languages are typically written in the Latin alphabet .
Indigenous names
The naming rules of Indigenous Taiwanese :
Examples
Walis Yukan ( 瓦歷斯‧尤幹 ) , Atayal , a famous aboriginal activist and poet .
Walis Perin , Seediq , minister of the Council of Indigenous Peoples .
Giwas Ali , Atayal name of Kao Chin Su-mei , a singer , actress and politician .
Gulilai Amit , a.k.a . A-mei , an ethnic Puyuma pop singer .
Attun Palalin , a.k.a . Teruo Nakamura , a Taiwan-born soldier of the Imperial Japanese Army who fought for Japan in World War II and did not surrender until 1974 .
See also
Chinese name
Japanese name
Korean name
Vietnamese name
List of Taiwan-related topics
List of most common surnames
Courtesy name
Generation name
References
Documentary on Aboriginal names , in Chinese
External links
Indigenous People Regain Their Names
Chinese name generator ( in Chinese , generates names that are statistically similar to Taiwan 's general population )
Top 10 family names in Taiwan ( in Chinese )
Name lists
These names are mostly male names and they belong to Taiwanese people of the past one to two hundred years . Most of these are not Taiwanese names and are indistinguishable from Chinese names .
Ministry of Education 's Scholarship Awards winners
36 historically important persons of Chiayi County
A list of Taiwanese poets
A list of early 20th-century school teachers who worked at a Chiayi County elementary school
Taiwanese aborigines
Taiwanese aboriginal culture and history
Angelo Moreschi S.D.B . ( 13 June 1952 – 25 March 2020 ) was an Italian missionary of the Catholic Church who spent his career in Ethiopia . He was prefect apostolic of Gambella , and became vicar apostolic there when he became a bishop in 2010 .
Biography
Moreschi was born in Nave , Italy , on 13 June 1952 . He took his first vows as a member of the Salesians of Don Bosco on 1 September 1974 and his final vows on 15 August 1980 . He attended seminary in Chiari and studied theology in Bethlehem . He was ordained a priest on 2 October 1982 .
He spent his career in Ethiopia , where he was a Provincial Councilor for the Vice-Province Africa Ethiopia-Eritrea from 1998 to 2001 and pastor in Dilla , South Ethiopia , from 1991 to 2000 . On 25 November 2000 , Pope John Paul II named him the first Prefect of Gambella , Ethiopia . On 5 December 2009 , Pope Benedict XVI named him Apostolic Vicar of the newly created Apostolic Vicariate of Gambella and titular bishop of Elephantaria in Mauretania . He received his episcopal consecration on 31 January 2010 .
Moreschi had diabetes and underwent a foot amputation . He was in Italy for treatment and was undergoing dialysis when he developed a fever and respiratory problems around 19 March . He was briefly hospitalized , and died at the Salesian seminary in Brescia , Italy , on 25 March 2020 from COVID-19 .
References
External links
Additional sources
1952 births
2020 deaths
Religious leaders from the Province of Brescia
Roman Catholic missionaries in Ethiopia
Italian Roman Catholic bishops in Africa
Salesian bishops
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Lombardy
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ethiopia
Roman Catholic bishops of Gambella
Roman Catholic titular bishops
Guilherme Clezar was the current champion , and returned to defend his title , but lost in quarterfinals to Diego Schwartzman .
Diego Schwartzman won the title by defeating André Ghem 4–6 , 6–4 , 7–5 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Tetra Pak Tennis Cup - Singles
2014 Singles
Galenidae is a family of crabs , one of three in the superfamily Pilumnoidea . It contains four genera , three of which are monotypic . At present five species have been described in this family .
Genera and species
Dentoxanthus Stephensen , 1946
Dentoxanthus iranicus ( monotypic )
Galene De Haan , 1833
Galene bispinosa ( monotypic )
Halimede De Haan , 1835
Halimede fragifer
Halimede octhodes
Parapanope De Man , 1895
Parapanope euagora ( monotypic )
References
Further reading
Ng , Guinot & Davie ( 2008 ) . Systema Brachyurorum : Part I . An annotated checklist of extant brachyuran crabs of the world . Raffles Bulletin of Zoology Supplement , n. 17 , p. 1–286 .
De Grave & al . ( 2009 ) . A Classification of Living and Fossil Genera of Decapod Crustaceans . Raffles Bulletin of Zoology Supplement , n. 21 , p. 1-109 .
External links
Pilumnoidea
Decapod families
Talgat Kadyrovich Nigmatulin ( , ; 5 March 1949 , in Kyzyl-Kiya – 11 February 1985 , in Vilnius ) was a famous Soviet actor and martial artist . Nigmatullin was born on October 5 , 1949 in a Tatar-Uzbek family in Kirgizia . He took part in many action movies . Perhaps his most famous movie was Pirates of the 20th Century . He also appeared in other films as shown below .
Selected filmography
1969 — Her Name is Spring ( Её имя — Весна ) as Pulat Sadykov
1971 — The Night At the 14th Parallel as Sitong
1972 — The Seventh Bullet ( Седьмая пуля ) as Ismail
1977 — Armed and Dangerous ( Вооружен и очень опасен ) as Joyce
1979 — Pirates of the 20th Century ( Пираты 20-ого века ) as Salikh
1981 — The Right to Shoot as captain of the schooner « Kiyoshi »
1981 — The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn ( Приключения Тома Сойера и Гекльберри Финна ) as Injun Joe
1983 — The Wolf Pit ( Волчья яма ) as Samat Kasimov
1984 — Lonely and Unarmed ( Один и без оружия ) as Khan
1985 — Confrontation ( Противостояние ) as Urazbaev , a police captain in Kokand
Death
Nigmatulin became a follower of Abai Borubayev , a teacher from Central Asia who had found favour with Moscow art circles , and was murdered in 1985 by other followers of Borubayev , in the latter 's presence .
References
External links
1949 births
1985 deaths
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography alumni
Ethnic Uzbek people
Tatar people
Soviet male film actors
Kazakhstani male actors
20th-century Kazakhstani male actors
21st-century Kazakhstani male actors
The Sports Hub , Trivandrum , commonly known as Greenfield International Stadium , and formerly known as Trivandrum International Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Kerala , used mainly for association football and cricket . The stadium is located at Kariavattom in Thiruvananthapuram city , Kerala , India . It was built on 36 acres of land leased by the Kerala University for per year for a period of 15 years . It is India 's first DBOT ( design , build , operate and transfer ) model outdoor stadium . The Greenfield Stadium became India 's 50th international cricket venue on 7 November 2017 when it hosted a T20I against New Zealand . On 1 November 2018 , the venue hosted its first ODI . The Greenfield International Stadium is the main venue for the Kerala cricket team .
Facilities
The ground is designed such that it can be used for international cricket and football . The playing arena in the stadium has been constructed in line with FIFA regulations and International Cricket Council norms . It has a seating capacity for 55,000 spectators .
The stadium has been demarcated into four zones , where the north zone is dedicated to cricket , the east zone for football and each zone has a players ' lounge , gymnasium , media center , and stockroom . Shopping malls and a food court are placed in the south zone . The adjoining Pavilion accommodates the latest facilities for squash , volleyball , basketball , table tennis , and an Olympic size swimming pool .
The first fully eco-friendly stadium in India , it is surrounded by green plants and also has a rainwater harvesting facility . The State Environment Impact Assessment Authority and Pollution Control Board have commended the builders for the green initiatives taken .
The stadium is 13.3 km from Trivandrum International Airport , 14.4 km from Trivandrum Central Railway Station , and Central Bus Station Thiruvananthapuram .
Construction details
It was the first stadium in India built on the DBOT ( design , build , operate and transfer ) basis . It is also the first stadium in the country to be developed on annuity mode .
The Greenfield stadium will be operated for 15 years by the company that built it . It will then be handed over to the University of Kerala , which has leased 36 acres for it . The university will receive Rs 94 lakhs per year as a lease .
Cricket
On 27 May 2016 , the Kerala Cricket Association ( KCA ) signed an agreement with Kariyavattom Sports Facilities Limited ( KSFL ) to take Greenfield Stadium on lease until 18 November 2027 . According to the agreement , the KCA will be using the stadium for 180 days a year ( from 1 October to 31 January and from 1 April to 30 May ) . However , the KCA can still hold cricket matches on other days if the stadium is available . The KCA will be held responsible for the maintenance of the playing area inside the stadium . The KCA will pay a fixed amount as fees and will share revenue with KSFL when international matches are held at the stadium . A joint committee consisting of six members , three each from KCA and KSFL , will manage and monitor the activities during the lease period . The KCA members in the committee will be its secretary and president .
International cricket matches hosted
T20I
On 7 November 2017 , India played a T20I against New Zealand on the ground . The match was reduced to 8 overs per side due to rain , with India winning by 6 runs .
ODI
On 1 November 2018 , India played against West Indies in an ODI , the second international game to be played at the ground , with the home team winning by 9 wickets .
2nd T20I
On 8 December 2019 , India played against West Indies in a T20I . The match was won by West Indies .
Football
The first international football tournament hosted by the stadium was the 2015 SAFF championship . India were crowned the champions , beating Afghanistan 2–1 . The final recorded an attendance in excess of 48,500 .
Semi-final
Final
Awards
The Sports Hub , Trivandrum was adjudged as the winner of the David Vickers Award for New Venue of the Year , in the Stadium Business Awards 2016 held at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium , Madrid , Spain on 1 June 2016 .
See also
List of association football stadiums by capacity
References
External links
Greenfield International Stadium ESPNCricinfo
The Sports Hub Trivandrum official website
Football venues in Kerala
Sports venues in Thiruvananthapuram
Cricket grounds in Kerala
2015 establishments in Kerala
Sports venues completed in 2015
X Games Snocross is a snocross racing video game from ESPN and 2XL Games that was released on January 18 , 2010 for iOS . It was the first game demoed on the Apple iPad on stage January 27 , 2010 by Scott Forstall .
Gameplay
The game has six tracks to race on and allows players to design their own rider ; X Games competitors Levi LaVallee and Heath Frisby also appear in the game . In single-player , the game features an Arcade and Career mode , along with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth multiplayer capabilities . Accelerating the snowmobile is assigned to a button on the right side of the screen , while tilting does the steering . While in the air , buttons on both sides will then make tricks , and the player can tilt for a flip .
References
External links
X Games SnoCross Appstore
2010 video games
IOS games
Racing video games
Video games developed in the United States
Michael or Mike Barnett may refer to :
Michael N. Barnett ( born 1960 ) , constructivist scholar of international relations
Michael P. Barnett ( 1929–2012 ) , chemist and computer scientist
R. Michael Barnett , physicist
Michael Barnett ( soccer ) , Australian football ( soccer ) player
Big Mike ( rapper ) ( born 1971 ) , American rapper Michael Barnett
Mike Barnett ( athlete ) ( born 1961 ) , American athlete
Mike Barnett ( baseball ) ( born 1959 ) , American League baseball hitting coach
Mike Barnett ( ice hockey ) ( born 1948 ) , former general manager in the NHL for the Phoenix Coyotes
Mike Barnett ( politician ) ( born 1946 ) , Australian politician
Mike Barnett , musician on the Andrew Belew album Young Lions
The Miramar Trade Center is a mixed-use office and retail real estate complex in Havana , Cuba . It is located in the Miramar district of the municipality of Playa .
The Miramar Trade Center is owned and operated by the Cuban joint venture company Inmobiliaria Monte Barreto S.A. which in turn is owned jointly by Corporación CIMEX S.A. ( a diversified commercial corporation owned by the Cuban government ) and CEIBA Investments Ltd. ( a Guernsey registered investment company ) .
The existing phases of the Miramar Trade Center ( Phase I and Phase II ) were constructed from 1999 to 2006 as part of the original Miramar Trade Center master plan , which projected an integrated development comprising 18 buildings having a total net rentable area of approximately 180,000 square meters .
Complex
The buildings that have been constructed and occupied are named `` Jerusalem '' , `` Barcelona '' , `` Habana '' , `` Santiago '' , `` Santa Clara '' and `` Beijing '' . The Jerusalem and Habana buildings were the first to open in January 2000 with 27,000 square meters of construction and covered parking for 200 cars . Work on Phase II , which contains four buildings interconnected between the 2nd and 4th floors in a square pattern , began in September 2000 . Two of these buildings ( Santiago and Barcelona ) have four floors , with views of 5th Avenue ( Quinta Avenida ) , while the other two buildings ( Santa Clara and Beijing ) have five floors with views of 3rd Avenue . From the second floor , the buildings can offer areas for rent of between 50 and 7,000 square meters per floor .
Canadian ZP International Inc. is the main designer of the complex , in conjunction with Empresa de Diseño de La Habana . Some 150 firms have their offices at the Miramar Trade Center , while other companies have expressed interest in opening their offices in that Havana sector when new space is available .
References
External links
Travel Cuba Site-Private Houses for Rent in Cuba-Tours , information , courses , music , clothes
Buildings and structures in Havana
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Flemish town Alken , Belgium . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
List of onroerend erfgoed in Limburg ( Belgium )
Alken , Belgium
References
Flemish organization for Immovable Heritage , De Inventaris van het Bouwkundig Erfgoed , 2011
Alken , Belgium
Amir Schelach ( ; born 11 July 1970 ) is a former Israeli footballer who represented the Israel national football team 85 times .
Honours
Israeli Premier League ( 3 ) :
1991-92 , 1994-95 , 1995-96
Israel State Cup ( 3 ) :
1994 , 1996 , 2001
Toto Cup ( 1 ) :
1992-93
Personal life
Amir 's parents were both basketball players , his father is Shimon `` Zinga '' Shelah , a legendary player and coach in Hapoel Tel Aviv who in 1960 took the Israeli Basketball championship as the head coach of Hapoel . Shimon was also capped 21 times for the Israel national basketball team and in 1965 was appointed as the head coach of the Israel national basketball team and under his guidance Israel qualified to 4 consecutive EuroBasket and finally in 1971 he left the national team .
Amir was married to Adi Shum , the daughter of Itzhak Shum .
These days Amir is working in architecture and design with Idan Shum .
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli footballers
Israel international footballers
Maccabi Herzliya F.C . players
Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C . players
Beitar Jerusalem F.C . players
Hapoel Haifa F.C . players
Maccabi Netanya F.C . players
Liga Leumit players
Israeli Premier League players
Footballers from Tel Aviv
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
Association football defenders
Diplacodes melanopsis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae
known commonly as the blackfaced percher or black-faced percher . It occurs on the Australian mainland from around Brisbane to the South Australian-Victorian border .
Diplacodes melanopsis is a small dragonfly . Mature males have a black face and front of its body , and a red abdomen with black markings ;
females are amber and yellow with black markings .
Gallery
References
Libellulidae
Odonata of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by René Martin
Insects described in 1901
Sun International Hotels Limited is a resort hotel chain and casino destination from South Africa created by Sol Kerzner , best known for its Sun City Resort near Rustenburg in the North West Province . Specialising in gaming , hospitality and entertainment , the company owns 42.5 % of the South African casino market . Sun International Hotels is headquartered in the Bahamas , on Paradise Island , which is the world 's largest island resort , 70 % of which is owned by the company . Sun International was incorporated in South Africa in 1967 and also runs a head office in Sandton , Johannesburg .
History
Their hotel business traces its roots back to 1969 , when the Southern Sun Hotel Company was created when South African Breweries and South African businessman Sol Kerzner joined forces . By 1983 , Southern Sun Hotels was operating 35 hotels , and generating a net income of $ 35 million . At this time , South African Breweries split its hotel interests into two ; Sun International , headed by Sol Kerzner , retained all of the casino hotels located in the areas that South Africa had designated as `` independent homelands '' and had Southern Sun as a 20 % stakeholder . Sol Kerzner sold all of his share in Southern Sun to focus on Sun International ( South Africa ) . Southern Sun retained the company 's other hotels in South Africa , and remained focused on the hotel market rather than casinos . 1984 saw the commencement of Kersaf Investments Limited , a company that took great interest in Sun International ( South Africa ) . This commencement was by a scheme of arrangement , such that Sun International would form one of Kersaf 's subsidiaries . Kersaf was more focused on cinemas , restaurants , shopping and leisure at first , but as the next twenty years passed , its hotel and casino interests thrived under the Sun International brand , and slowly Kersaf began to dispose of its other interests and acquire more share in Sun International .
After the end of Apartheid in South Africa in 1994 , the so-called homelands were re-integrated into the new South Africa . This allowed Southern Sun to develop its own gaming resorts and began to compete increasingly with Sun International . In 2000 , Southern Sun sold its stake in Sun International to Kersaf Investments Limited , who then continued to acquire minority interests in Sun International . In 2004 , Kersaf Investments Limited merged with Sun International to form Sun International Limited , the company that exists today . In early 2015 , Sun International sold its hotels in Botswana , Lesotho , Namibia and Zambia to Minor International . Since mid-2015 , these have been run as hotels of the Avani Group . As of 2017 , Sun International Limited owns or is involved in 19 international hotels , casinos and resorts .
Properties
Today , Sun International 's operations include integrated resorts , luxury hotel products , limited payout machine slot routes , as well as casinos .
The Sun City Resort annually hosts the Miss South Africa pageant and the Nedbank Golf Challenge .
References
Companies established in 1967
1967 establishments
Companies based in Sandton
Gambling companies of South Africa
Hospitality companies of South Africa
Hotels in South Africa
InterContinental Hotels Group brands
Casinos in South Africa
Companies listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange
Anmol Ghadi ( English translation : Precious Moment
) is a 1946 Indian drama film directed by Mehboob Khan , starring Surendra , Suraiya and Noor Jehan .
The film was a musical hit and still remembered for its music by Naushad , with hits like `` Aawaaz De Kahaan Hai '' , `` Jawaan Hai Mohabbat Haseen Hai Zamana '' and `` Mere Bachpan Ke Saathi Mujhe Bhool Na Jaana '' . The film also featured playback singer , Mohammed Rafi 's first notable song , `` Tera Khilauna Toota Balak '' , and became the highest-grossing film at the Indian box office in 1946 .
The film was an inspiration for the 2001 Telugu movie Manasantha Nuvve . The Telugu movie went to be remade in Hindi as Jeena Sirf Merre Liye ( 2002 ) , in Kannada as Manasella Neene ( 2002 ) , in Tamil as Thithikudhe ( 2003 ) , in Bengali as Moner Majhe Tumi ( 2003 ) and in Odia as Nei Jaa Re Megha Mate ( 2008 ) .
Plot
Chander and Lata were good childhood friends in Jahanabad , Lata was the daughter of a rich family , whereas Chander was the son of a poor , widowed mother . Lata 's parents did n't like Lata being friends with Chander . Lata 's family gets transferred to Bombay . At the time of departure , Lata gifts her watch to Chander as a memento .
They grow up . Chander goes to Bombay to search for Lata . Chander 's rich friend Prakash opens a musical instruments shop for Chander , where Chander can earn his livelihood by repairing musical instruments . Prakash 's mother does n't like Prakash spending money on Chander . Lata has become a writer , her work is published under the nickname of `` Renu '' aka `` Renuka Devi '' ; Chander becomes a fan of her work . Basanti is Lata 's friend . In one of her novels , Lata writes the story of the Childhood friendship of Chander and Lata . Chander reads it and writes a letter to Renu ( Lata ) to find out how she knows of this story and if she knows Lata , then she can help him find Lata . Reading that letter , Basanti forces Lata to call Chander to meet , plotting that Basanti will meet Chander as well as Lata . Basanti meets Chander there and falls in love with Chander . Chander was carrying the watch gifted by Lata to him all the time , which he loses when Basanti meets him and Basanti locates it . Seeing the watch , Lata recognizes it and recognizes Chander . Basanti feels hurt and blames Lata that she had known that Basanti was in love with Chander , and even then Lata did n't tell her that Chander is the same guy who Lata herself was in love with . Lata later tells her that she herself was not aware of it .
Lata 's parents contact Prakash for marrying Lata . When Chander learns of it , under the lifetime of obligations to Prakash , he sacrifices his love for Lata in favour of Prakash . Chander 's mother dies . Prakash marries Lata ; Chander walks off into the sunset , followed by Basanti .
Cast
Cast in order of the opening credits
Noorjehan as Lata/Renuka Devi
Surendra as Chandrabhan
Zahur Raja as Prakash
Suraiya as Basanti
Leela Misra as Chandrabhan 's mother
Anwari Begum
Bhudo Advani as Mohan
Murad as Deputy
Bibibai
Amirbanu as Prakash 's mother
N. Kabir as young Chandrabhan
Noor Mahal as young Lata
Master Gulam Mohamed
Wasker
Agha Mehsher Shirazi
Nawabkhan
Soundtrack
Music : Naushad ; Lyrics : Tanvir Naqvi
References
External links
1940s Hindi-language films
1946 films
Indian black-and-white films
1946 drama films
Films directed by Mehboob Khan
Urdu-language films
Hindi films remade in other languages
Urdu films remade in other languages
Indian drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Alain Turnier ( died 1991 ) was a Haitian historian . He is the author of several best-selling books :
Les Etats-Unis et le Marché Haïtien
Avec Mérisier Jeannis
Quand la Nation Demande des Comptes
He was Minister of Finance briefly in 1956 and in 1988 .
References
Finance ministers of Haiti
Year of birth missing
1991 deaths
20th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male writers
England national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for England that represents the team in international competitions . The team is currently ranked 5th in the world .
Background
The Football Association manages the national team . The team held a national team training camp in Macau in 2007 in 2008 , where their performance was tracked to assess among other things how jet lag impacted their performance . The study found that jet lag impacted performance for the first three to four days . In October 2014 , an IFCPF coaching workshop was held in Wales to try to further develop the sport , with participants from Wales , England and the Republic of Ireland . By 2016 , England had a national championship to support the national team and was active in participating in the IFCPF World Championships . National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football ( IFCPF ) recognized national championship . Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 .
In 2016 , after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency ( WADA ) , the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing . This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS . Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool , players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio .
Ranking
England are currently ranked fifth in the world by the IFCPF . Previously in August 2013 , and November 2014 , they were ranked tenth . In July 2011 and September 2012 , England was ranked eleventh .
Results
England has participated in a number of international tournaments .
IFCPF World Championships
England has participated in the IFCPF World Championships . The team trained for nine months ahead of the 2007 World Championships in Brazil .
References
Cerebral Palsy
Great Britain at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Turnrow may refer to :
A Headland ( agriculture )
A bi-annual journal of short fiction , poetry , visual art , and interviews , published by the University of Louisiana at Monroe
Elium , previously referred to as Knowledge Plaza , is a Software as a Service used for enterprise knowledge sharing within organisations . It supports use cases for knowledge management , social bookmarking , document management , wikis and internal social network . It was initially designed as an information management tool for knowledge workers and is often used for collaborative research projects , market intelligence , information brokerage , etc .
The vendor 's company , Whatever S.A. , has its headquarters based at the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park ( Louvain-la-Neuve , Belgium ) and offices in Geneva , Switzerland . In September 2013 , it announced the acquisition of Swiss social publishing company Hyperweek .
In an annual benchmark carried out by French consultancy firm Lecko ( previously named USEO ) , Elium is referred to as the pioneer of social knowledge management tools amongst the more generic family of enterprise social software . The analysis concludes that Elium strikes a balance between a traditional document management system and more community-orientated environments such as Jive SBS .
In March 2017 , Knowledge Plaza changed its name to Elium .
In August 2017 , Elium announced the closing of a Series A funding round for €4 million led by Serena Capital in collaboration with S.R.I.W .
Awards
In May 2011 , Elium received the `` Belgian Start-up of the year '' Award from Belgian 's leading ICT Magazine Datanews .
In October 2010 , Elium was nominated KMWorld Promise Award 2010 finalist .
In June 2010 , Elium won the prize for the most innovative knowledge management tool at KM Forum conference in Paris .
In 2008 , Elium won the Prix Lionel Van den Bossche 2008 award given each year to a Belgian innovative enterprise .
Features
Elium applies a collective classification mechanism to all information formats including websites ( like Delicious ) , as well as documents , contacts , e-mails , book references and wikis – as underlined by the comparison of enterprise bookmarking platforms .
Feature set :
Combined full-text social search and faceted navigation
Bookmarklet for adding/sharing/organizing websites
Pipelines for adding/sharing/organizing emails and their attachments
Workspaces and communities for various security/visibility settings
Collaborative content creation ( wiki pages )
Full export and summary of information packages
Custom e-mail digests and alerts
Custom vertical search engines based on shared bookmarks
Tag management abilities that mix a company-defined taxonomy and user-generated folksonomy . KP 's approach was described by Thomas Vander Wal as `` working wonderfully '' .
References
External links
Knowledge management
Internet Protocol based network software
Collective intelligence
Proprietary wiki software
Document management systems
Content management systems
Professional networks
M. bicornis may refer to :
Myleusnema bicornis , an intestinal parasite species of Myleus ternetzi , a freshwater fish commonly found in the French Guiana river
Matthiola bicornis , a synonym for Matthiola longipetala , the evening stock , a flowering plant species
See also
Heavy Bass Blues is the sixth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme , and the second to be released by the London version of the band working under an alternative band name Disciplin A Kitschme . The album was released by the Tom Tom Music for former Yugoslavia and Babaroga records for the United Kingdom . Part of the material on the album featured rerecorded versions of Disciplina Kičme songs , featuring lyrics in English language .
Track listing
All tracks written by Black Tooth , except track 5 , written by John D. Loudermilk , and arranged by Disciplin A Kitschme .
Personnel
The band
Black Tooth ( Dušan Kojić ) — bass , vocals [ shouting ] , producer , mixed by , written by
Gofie Bebe — vocals , percussion
Beat ( Pete Warren ) — drums , percussion , vocals [ screaming ] , mixed by ( tracks : 4 , 8 , 12 )
Additional personnel
Skip McDonald — producer [ recording ] , performer [ vibe maker ] , mixed by ( tracks : 3 , 7 , 9 ) , backing vocals ( track 2 )
DJ Illusion Excluder — mixed by ( tracks : 3 , 4 , 7 to 9 , 12 )
Pete Lorentz — engineer ( tracks : 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 10 , 11 )
Darren ( Darren Grant ) — recorded by ( tracks : 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 9 to 11 )
Dave Murder — recorded by ( tracks : 4 , 5 , 8 , 12 )
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006 , Janjatović Petar ;
Heavy Bass Blues at Discogs
1998 albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
Midnight Ride may refer to :
Midnight Ride ( film ) , a 1990 American action/thriller
Midnight Ride ( album ) , an album by Paul Revere & the Raiders
Paul Revere 's Midnight Ride in 1775 at the beginning of the Revolutionary war .
See also
Midnight Rider ( disambiguation )
Senator Lees may refer to :
Brian Lees ( born 1953 ) , Massachusetts State Senate
Robert Lees ( politician ) ( 1842–1908 ) , Wisconsin State Senate
Kwanasaurus is an extinct genus of silesaurid dinosauromorph reptiles from the Late Triassic of Colorado . It is known from a single species , Kwanasaurus williamparkeri . Kwanasaurus had a deeper , stronger skull and greater specialization for herbivory compared to other silesaurids . It also possessed many unique characteristics of the snout , ilium , and lower part of the femur . It was described along with new specimens of Dromomeron from the Eagle Basin , the northernmost extent of the Chinle Formation .
Discovery
Kwanasaurus hails from Triassic deposits in the Eagle Basin surrounding the town of Eagle , Colorado . This area contains the most northern exposures of the Chinle Formation , which is famous for its Late Triassic fossils of dinosaurs and other reptiles . Tentative terrestrial reptile biostratigraphy estimates that the Eagle Basin fossils , which were preserved in red siltstone , belong to the Revueltian biozone of the mid to late Norian stage of the Triassic , 215-207 million years ago . The holotype of Kwanasaurus is a partial silesaurid maxilla , DMNH EPV.65879 . All other silesaurid maxillae recovered from the area seem to represent the same taxon , indicating that Kwanasaurus was likely the only silesaurid from the Eagle Basin . With this in mind , all other Eagle Basin fossils resembling those of silesaurids have been referred to the taxon . These include multiple dentaries , teeth , ilia , femora , and a humerus . Dinosauromorph-like tibia and scapulae from the area may also belong to Kwanasaurus , though they have not been referred to the genus due to lacking any clear silesaurid features . Kwanasaurus was named in a 2019 paper by Jeffrey W. Martz and Bryan J . Small , along with the description of new Dromomeron material . The genus name incorporates kwana , the Ute name for eagle . The specific name commemorates paleontologist Bill Parker .
Description
Skull
The maxilla is much deeper and more robust in Kwanasaurus than in any other silesaurid . There are replacement pits on the inner edge of the tooth row similar to those of thyreophorans , and smaller and more numerous pits on the outer surface of the maxilla . Five of the replacement pits at the midlength of the bone are set in a groove , a trait also present in Silesaurus and silesaurid skull material from the Ntawere Formation . The front of the maxilla is similar to that of Lewisuchus and Silesaurus , with a triangular premaxillary facet and thick , sharp vomerine flange . The ascending process of the maxilla is a thin , anteroposteriorly wide , and steeply-rising prong , and the antorbital fossa has a concave lower edge , both like Silesaurus . The inner surface of the maxilla has a thick medial flange , which droops down to the tooth row as a smooth triangular blade . This medial flange is unique to Kwanasaurus among silesaurids ( and Triassic dinosauromorphs in general ) , and likely extended the maxilla 's connection with the palate behind the vomer . The rear portion of the holotype maxilla is characteristically complex and similar to that described for Plateosaurus . These complex traits include a posterolateral flange which likely shielded part of the jugal , a pair of deep dorsomedial grooves ( likely articulating with the lacrimal and jugal ) , and a broad groove behind the medial flange which likely articulated with the palatine .
Lower jaw bones referred to Kwanasaurus include DMNH EPV.63136 , one of the most complete dentaries found for any silesaurid . As in other sulcimentisaurians , the meckelian groove is positioned close to the lower edge of the jaw and the teeth are constricted at the root . The front tip of the dentary is pointed , toothless , and has a lateral groove akin to that of Silesaurus and Sacisaurus , along with several medial grooves . Further back , the dentary is relatively deep and develops a lateral ridge similar to one reported for Diodorus and Eucoelophysis . The pattern of pitting and holes on the outer surface of the dentary also resembles those taxa . The tooth row is edged by a medial groove connecting a series of replacement pits ; above the groove the bone is inset similar to the case in Silesaurus , Eucoelophysis , and Technosaurus . Kwanasaurus is the only silesaurid to preserve data on the mandibular fenestra . This hole in the jaw was triangular , edged from below by a posteroventral process of the dentary which also overlapped a partial angular . The dentary 's posterodorsal process is sharp along its upper edge and notched along its lower edge .
Teeth
Teeth of Kwanasaurus have been found both as isolated material and within maxillae and dentaries . Isolated teeth are leaf-shaped , with coarse denticles , slightly flattened sides , and crown tips more than halfway towards the rear of the tooth . The lingual ( tongue ) side of the tooth has a thick vertical ridge covered in striations . Sacisaurus , Eucoelophysis , and possibly Technosaurus are the only other silesaurids known to possess similar teeth , although leaf-shaped teeth are also common in various other herbivorous archosaurs . In some of the maxilla , the teeth are short and swollen ( almost round in cross-section ) and become smaller towards the rear of the bone . The dentary teeth are similar but more asymmetrical . The middle of the dentary has the largest and most denticulate teeth in the jaw . There are 12 maxillary teeth and 14 dentary teeth . These teeth extend further back in the skull than most silesaurids , as is the case in Lewisuchus , but they are not as numerous as those of that taxon .
Like other silesaurids , Kwanasaurus has ankylothecodont tooth implantation , meaning the teeth are set in sockets but also fused to the surrounding bone . At least in the maxilla , Kwanasaurus has a complex pattern of tooth replacement . This pattern involves replacement teeth being formed along the lingual edge of the tooth row , shifting outwards ( at which point the original tooth 's attachment dissolves and the tooth detaches ) , fusing to the leftover socket and leaving behind a replacement pit . The tooth row has alternating empty and full sockets , indicating that adjacent teeth were never replaced at the same time . This contrasts with Silesaurus and Technosaurus ( which sometimes have several adjacent teeth replaced at once ) , but resembles the condition in some specimens of Sacisaurus , Diodorus , and Asilisaurus .
Forelimbs
A long and slender humerus is the only forelimb bone safely assigned to Kwanasaurus , based on its similarity to that of Silesaurus and Diodorus . The proximal portion is slightly expanded , but the humeral head is not as thick or straight as that of other silesaurids . Unlike dinosaurs ( but in line with other silesaurids ) , the deltopectoral crest is small and extends less than a third down the length of the shaft . The distal portion of the humerus is simple and barely expanded , twisted relative to the proximal portion ( similar to Silesaurus ) , but also with a groove running up its anterolateral surface ( similar to Diodorus ) .
Hip and hindlimbs
The hip is only represented by the ilium , which had a low , saddle-shaped upper blade like silesaurids such as Silesaurus , Eucoelophysis , and Ignotosaurus . It also resembles these taxa in its elongated and expanded preacetabular process . Kwanasaurus takes this trend further , lengthening the preacetabular process so that it projects further forwards than the pubic peduncle , an adaptation otherwise only seen in several lineages of dinosaurs among dinosauromorphs . The postacetabular process is large and possesses a well-developed brevis shelf and brevis fossa , traits standard for sulcimentisaurians . Like many basal dinosauromorphs , the brevis shelf merges with the edge of the acetabulum and the rear edge of the postacetabular process has a small pointed extension . The acetabulum is deep and has a very thin and concave lower edge . This contrasts with other silesaurids , which have a straight lower edge to the acetabulum , and instead may suggest a partially perforated acetabulum akin to that of dinosaurs . The inner surface of the ilium has several facets for the sacral ribs . The second facet is twice as long as the first and may have encompassed two sacral ribs , suggesting that Kwanasaurus possessed three sacral vertebrae .
Multiple femora of various sizes and conditions have been referred to Kwanasaurus . The femoral head was similar to that of other advanced silesaurids , according to several traits . These include a longitudinal groove on its upper surface , a straight ( rather than rounded ) articular facet on the medial surface , a distinct notch on its underside , and an overall triangular cross-section due to the lack of a distinct posteromedial tuber . Directly below the head extends a ridge known as a dorsolateral trochanter . Adjacent to it is the anterior trochanter , a pronounced vertical crest characteristic of dinosauriforms ( and a few Dromomeron specimens ) . The crest was blade-like , triangular , and straight-edged , proportionally most similar to Silesaurus among dinosauriforms . Only one femur referred to Kwanasaurus ( DMNH EPV.125924 ) possessed additional muscle attachment structures such as a trochanteric shelf and a swelling that likely represented the iliotrochanteris caudalis attachment site . Asilisaurus and Silesaurus are the only other silesaurids with trochanteric shelves , and its development is sometimes considered to be related to skeletal maturity . However , the largest Kwanasaurus femur ( DMNH EPV.34579 ) lacks a trochanteric shelf , despite its presence in the smaller 125924 specimens . All specimens had a low fourth trochanter , sometimes edged by an anterior depression as in Sacisaurus and Diodorus . The distal portion of the femur possessed several unique features . The medial condyle was a sharp flange , notably thinner than the lateral condyle and crista tibiofibularis . This is similar to lagerpetids but in contrast to the broader medial condyle of all other silesaurids . Kwanasaurus also possesses a characteristic depression on the distal surface of the femur , in front of the crista tibiofibularis . Nevertheless , the notably deep and extensive sulcus present between the medial and lateral condyles is in line with that of other silesaurids .
Classification
Kwanasaurus was added into a phylogenetic analysis to test its relationship to other silesaurids . The codings for the taxon were based on both all the Eagle Basin silesaurid material and the dinosauromorph tibiae and scapulae which may additionally belong to it . The strict consensus tree ( average result of all most parsimonious trees ) was poorly resolved , with practically all silesaurids in a polytomy along with ornithischians and sauropodomorphs . The adams consensus tree ( in which unstable taxa cluster at the base of the smallest group they are always within ) has better resolution . In this tree , the highly unstable Ignotosaurus shifts to a polytomy with dinosaurs and other silesaurids , while Silesauridae starts with Lewisuchus at the base , followed by Soumyasaurus and Asilisaurus , and finally a clade containing all other silesaurids . This clade was named Sulcimentisauria by the authors of the paper . Removing Ignotosaurus , Soumyasaurus , and Technosaurus led to higher resolution within Silesauridae . Kwanasaurus was found to be the sister taxon to the other North American taxon , Eucoelophysis . Here is the consensus cladogram ( specifically the portion focusing on dinosauromorphs ) after the removal of the three unstable taxa :
Paleoecology
Kwanasaurus was the northernmost and youngest silesaurid found in North America . Its short , leaf-shaped , and heavily denticulated teeth were adapted for eating plants , a trait shared by several other advanced silesaurids . This diet represents the culmination of a series of adaptations within Silesauridae , starting with carnivory in Lewisuchus ( evidenced by recurved and finely serrated teeth ) , leading to omnivory and/or insectivory in Asilisaurus and Silesaurus ( conical teeth with few serrations ) , and eventually the evolution of a specialized herbivorous diet in advanced sulcimentisaurians . Kwanasaurus in particular had robust skull bones ornamented with ridges , indicating that it likely fed on tougher plants than other herbivorous silesaurids . The timing of silesaurid dietary evolution mirrors the acquisition of herbivory in sauropodomorph dinosaurs , which diversified in southern and eastern portions of Pangea in the Norian stage . The absence of herbivorous dinosaurs in the Chinle Formation may indicate that they had not yet colonized the northwestern region of Pangea that would eventually become North America . This would leave herbivorous niches available for other amniotes , explaining the diversity of non-dinosaur herbivores in the Chinle Formation . These include allokotosaurs ( Trilophosaurus ) , pseudosuchians ( Revueltosaurus , aetosaurs , and shuvosaurids ) , and dicynodonts ( Placerias ) . Kwanasaurus was one of the silesaurids that was a part of this Norian herbivore guild , along with its relative Eucoelophysis ( which lived in further south in New Mexico ) .
Gallery
References
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Late Triassic reptiles of North America
Norian life
Silesaurids
Triassic Colorado
Blake `` Mac '' MacDonald ( born April 10 , 1976 ) is a Canadian curler from St. Albert , Alberta .
Career
For much of his career MacDonald played on Kevin Koe 's team . Originally , MacDonald threw last rocks for the team while Koe threw third and skipped , but in 2009 the two switched throwing order and MacDonald moved to third . MacDonald has been playing with Koe since 2006 . Prior to that , he threw fourth rocks for Jamie King . MacDonald has also skipped , and was also a member of the Ken Hunka and Brent MacDonald teams in the past .
Early on the Koe rink came up short in major competitions . The team did however win the Canada Cup of Curling in 2008 . They won their first Brier in 2010 , beating Ontario 's Glenn Howard in the final , 6–5 . MacDonald also played in the 1999 Labatt Brier , playing second for Hunka . The team finished 5–6 .
MacDonald left Kevin Koe 's team at the end of the 2010–2011 season and retired from professional curling . MacDonald returned as alternate for Koe during the 2012 Boston Pizza Cup and the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier .
MacDonald returned to competitive curling for the 2012–2013 season playing third for Jamie King , along with Scott Pfeifer and Jeff Erickson .
References
External links
1976 births
Brier champions
Living people
People from Cold Lake , Alberta
Curlers from Alberta
Sportspeople from St. Albert , Alberta
World curling champions
Canadian male curlers
Canada Cup ( curling ) participants
The Front for Socialism and Democracy/Benno Jubël ( Front pour le socialisme et la démocratie ) is a political party in Senegal .
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007 , the party won 2.18 % of the popular vote and 1 out of 150 seats .
References
Political parties in Senegal
Social democratic parties in Africa
Socialist parties in Senegal
Karl Friedrich Otto Seubert ( 6 April 1851 – 31 January 1942 ) was a prominent German chemist notable for his work on atomic weights of platinum elements . He was the son of the German botanist Moritz August Seubert and Maria Seubert .
Karl Seubert became apothecary in Manheim in 1869 and was soldier in the Franco-Prussian War . In 1874 , Seubert became lecture assistant to Lothar Meyer in Tübingen . He later returned to Tübingen in 1878 to study chemistry with Meyer .
In 1885 Seubert became Professor in Tübingen and in 1895 he moved to University of Hannover as the successor of Karl Kraut where he remained until 1921 . Seubert 's work on atomic weights earned him international reputation and in 1902 he was elected inaugural member of the International Atomic Weights Committee .
References
1851 births
1942 deaths
19th-century German chemists
University of Tübingen faculty
20th-century German chemists
Scientists from Karlsruhe
Stardom Bound ( foaled in Kentucky on April 9 , 2006 ) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2008 Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies and the Eclipse Award for Champion 2-Year-Old Filly .
Stardom Bound was sired by Tapit ( winner of the 2004 Wood Memorial Stakes ) , a son of Pulpit by A.P . Indy by Seattle Slew . She was from Tapit 's first crop and helped propel him to the top of the 2008 Freshmen Sire List . Stardom Bound is out of My White Corvette , who won three of eleven starts . Stardom Bound was My White Corvette 's first stakes winner .
She was purchased by Charles Cono in March 2008 at the Ocala Breeders ' Sale 's auction of 2-year-olds in training for $ 375,000 . Due mainly to health issues ( her original trainer , 52-year-old Christopher Paasch , beat a rare form of leukemia ) , Cono , then age 84 , sold her in the November 2008 Fasig-Tipton Kentucky Selected Mix Sale . She was purchased for $ 5.7 million by IEAH Stables , headed by Michael Iavarone and Richard Schiavo . Her trainer became Bobby Frankel . In March 2009 as part of a deal for the three-year-old colt , I Want Revenge , David Lanzman , the colt 's owner , received a twenty-five percent interest in Stardom Bound . In 2010 , she was sold for an undisclosed price to Katsumi Yoshida 's Northern Farm .
2008 racing season
In her brilliant 2-year-old season , Stardom Bound was compared to Zenyatta ; those around her called her `` Baby Z '' or `` Zenyatta Junior '' . Usually breaking badly ( once `` in the air '' and twice slowly ) , she ran from off the pace , yet had a great turn of foot that propelled her to the lead .
She first attracted attention when winning the 2008 Del Mar Debutante on September 1 , 2008 . She had raced twice before but difficulties at the gate had hampered her chances each time . In the Debutante , Stardom Bound overcame yet another bad start by unleashing a `` monstrous move '' while racing seven wides . She would go on to win by over four lengths .
Her next start was on September 27 in the Oak Leaf Stakes . Racing eight wide around the turn , she rallied from last place to win by lengths . This earned her an automatic berth in the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies on October 24 , where she went off as the favorite . She unleashed her run on the turn and won by lengths .
Stardom Bound won the Eclipse Award as American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly for 2008 . Her jockey in the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies , Mike E. Smith , was asked how special Stardom Bound could be next year as a 3-year-old . He replied , `` She 's got a shot with the Derby horses to tell you the truth . ''
2009 racing season
Stardom Bound started her three-year-old in the Las Virgenes Stakes at Santa Anita . She started well but found herself trapped on the rail . Finally finding a gap , she got clear to win by a length . In her next start in the Santa Anita Oaks , Stardom Bound again won , but this time by only a nose . Jockey Mike Smith said , `` When I moved out with her turning for home , everybody else went out at the same time and we got caught really wide . From the sixteenth pole home , I thought we could grind ‘ em down , but I was worried . '' It was her fifth consecutive grade 1 win and her last .
On April 4 , she raced outside of California for the first time in the Ashland Stakes at Keeneland , a major prep for the Kentucky Oaks . Longshot Hooh Why set a slow pace and Stardom Bound was unable to make up enough ground , finishing third . She was later withdrawn from the Kentucky Oaks . `` She just dulled out ; she has n't trained forwardly at all since the Ashland '' , IEAH Co-President Michael Iavarone told Daily Racing Form . `` It seems like we 're at the point where she just needs a freshening . She was going to breeze [ Sunday ] , but [ exercise rider ] Michelle [ Nevin ] told me she 'd be afraid to breeze the filly . ''
She finally returned to racing in November in the Gazelle Stakes at Aqueduct , but finished fifth .
Retirement
Stardom Bound was retired after failing to win in three starts in 2010 at age four . She was bred to Big Brown in 2010 , and was sold while in foal for an undisclosed price to Northern Farm in Japan . The resulting colt was named Seaside Bound . She was bred to King Kamehameha in 2011 , producing a colt named King Kanunu in 2012 . She was then bred to Deep Impact , producing a filly named April Mist in 2014 .
Race record
References
External links
Stardom Bound 's pedigree and stats
2006 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 3-c
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies winners
Eclipse Award winners
The 43rd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1945 Nova Scotia general election , the 42nd overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 43rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia , or
the 1949 Nova Scotia general election , the 43rd overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the 44th General Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 21st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
On the Wrong Track is a 1983 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Andy Lau in his third film and first leading film role . The film co-stars Jeem Yim , Elliot Ngok , Prudence Liew and introducing the then newcomer actress Winnie Chin .
Plot
Paul Chan ( Andy Lau ) is a well-meaning , mild mannered , 17-year-old secondary school student . However , he often hangs out with his hot-headed , rebellious younger brother , Dee ( Jeen Yim ) and friends and engage in destructive activities such as blowing up a rich man 's car after being insulted by him . Their father , Larry ( Elliot Ngok ) is a prison officer who is strict towards his sons . One time , one of their friends humiliate a girl and getting into a fight with her boyfriend 's gang and is stopped by police officer King Kong , who threatens Paul . At night , Paul and Dee sneak out of home to join their friends and resume the fight where Dee gets injured and stays with a prostitute while Paul sneaks back home but it was caught by Larry , who was informed by King Kong about what happened . The next day in school , Paul gets punished when his brother and classmates were fooling around and put a underwear on his head before he , his brother and his classmates get in trouble for bringing weapons to class to prepare for a fight with students of a rival school . As a result , Larry punishes Paul and Dee by having them clean the house without giving them dinner . However , at the middle of the night , Larry cooks noodles for Dee but neglects Paul .
The next morning , Paul receives a mail that he failed his SAT . While dejected , he bumps into Sze , whom he discovers to be a Vietnamese refugee . Later , Larry informs Paul and Dee he plans marry his girlfriend ( Winnie Chin ) , which displeases Dee , who storms out and meets with his friends while Paul follows . They happen to see King Kong and steal his car which Dee uses to engage in an illegal use where he ends up flipping and injured . As they get home , Larry slaps Dee as well as Paul for not looking out for his brother and throws them out the house . The next morning , Paul decides to skip class and bumps into Sze , who asks about his bruise on his face with him saying he got it from beating up Japanese thugs but Larry suddenly pulls up and apologies for hitting him to hard last night . At night , Paul sneaks into the refugee camp and is shocked to find out Sze has an infant child , but he comes accept the fact and dates her . While shopping for diapers in a supermarket , Sze is falsely by theft by the boss , who insults her and slaps Paul so Dee interferes and starts a fight with the security guard which Larry finds out since the boss is his girlfriend 's mother .
After another punishment , Paul and Dee find a letter from their mother and find out their father is sending them to Taiwan , in which they refuse to comply as Paul wants to study in America while Dee dislikes Taiwan 's mandatory military service . They blame their father 's girlfriend so they call their friends out and destroys her mother 's supermarket . However , King Kong and his squad arrives so they flee the scene . King Kong catches up with Paul and Dee and after a scuffle , King Kong shoots and kills Dee while Paul is arrested and imprisoned . In prison , Paul disowns his father in front of everyone and later inflicts self harm .
After his release from prison , Paul 's behavior has become more aggressive and engages in a fight in a disco with gangsters who try to hit on Sze . Paul 's friend , Roger organises a settlement with the gangsters ' boss , who challenges Paul to an auto race , where Paul wins while his opponent 's car is crushed and exploded . Later , Paul discovers Sze will be sent to New Guinea so he pleads with his father to allow him to marry her but his father refuses . Upset , Paul goes to see Sze at the refugee camp but gets into a fight with other refugees who were peeking at them so he was arrested where he was taunted by King Kong at the police station . Paul sneaks into the refugee camp again , but this time , King Kong arrives and orders his subordinates to forcibly takes Sze away from him .
Paul decides the settle the score with King Kong and lures him to a closed shopping mall at night where Paul surprises him with a car and chases him while Kong attempts to shoot Paul . After running over King Kong , Paul gets out of his car and slashes King Kong 's with a knife and grabs his revolver and continues the chase . King Kong attempts to hide but Paul finds him and challenges him to a gamble to see who can kill the other first . Paul empties King Kong 's pistol with one bullet before handing it back to him while Paul backs up his car and speeds toward King Kong . However , King Kong manages to shoot Paul in the head behind his car approaches him and Paul crashes out the mall and dies .
Cast
Andy Lau as Paul Chan ( 陳保羅 ) , a well-meaning , mild mannered , 17-year-old secondary school student . After witnessing his younger brother being murdered , he becomes aggressive and rebellious , becoming a juvenile delinquent .
Jeem Yim as Dee ( 大B ) , Paul 's hot-headed and rebellious younger brother who often engages in reckless and illegal activities .
Elliot Ngok as Larry Chan , Paul and Dee 's father who is a prison officer and is strict towards his sons , not allowing them much freedom .
Prudence Liew as Sze ( 阿詩 ) , Paul 's girlfriend who is a Vietnamese refugee and mother of an infant child .
Winnie Chin as Larry 's girlfriend who Dee greatly dislikes .
Wai Kei-shun
Tin Mat as Mrs. Cheung , Uncle Cheung 's young wife who cheated on him .
Stephen Shiu as a rich man whose car was blown up by Paul and Dee and their friends after he insults them . ( cameo )
Tai Yuet-ngor
Lau Kwok-sing as King Kong , a police officer who picks on Paul and Dee .
Hui Ying-ying as the mother of Larry 's girlfriend who is a supermarket owner and falsely accused Sze of theft .
Chan Po-cheung
Ricky Wong
Ngai Tim-choi as a prison guard .
Rocky Wong as a prison guard .
Ng Wui as Uncle Cheung ( 張伯 ) , Roger 's grandfather who Paul goes to when he is upset .
Cheung Lai-ping as Chiu 's date .
Danny Poon as Roger , Paul and Dee 's friend and classmate .
Chin Tsi-ang
Yat Poon-chai as a cop .
Cheung Chi-hung as refugee at camp .
Luk Ying-hung as a cop .
Fong Yue
Wong Kung-miu as Paul and Dee 's teacher .
Cheung Chok-chow
Ngai Tung-kwa
Theme song
Break Into New Grounds ( 闖進新領域 )
Composer : Michael Lai
Lyricist : Cheng Kwok-kong
Singer : Leslie Cheung
Box office
The film grossed HK $ 2,554,649 at the Hong Kong box office during its theatrical run from 15 to 22 April 1983 in Hong Kong .
See also
Andy Lau filmography
External links
On the Wrong Track at Hong Kong Cinemagic
On the Wrong Track film review at LoveHKFilm.com
1983 films
1983 action films
1980s action drama films
Hong Kong action films
Hong Kong drama films
Hong Kong auto racing films
Chinese teen films
1980s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Clarence Fok
Shaw Brothers Studio films
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
1983 drama films
1980s Hong Kong films
Bhawanipatna is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Kalahandi district , Odisha .
This constituency includes Bhawanipatna , Kesinga , 25 Gram panchayats ( Madiguda , Chahagaon , Karlapada , Chheliamal , Kalam , Karlaguda , Thuapadar , Dadpur , Deypur , Gudialipadar , Kamthana , Kuliamal , Gand-Barajhola , Medinipur , Seinpur , Palsijharan , Udepur , Matia , Borda , Kendupati , Gurujung , Borbhata , Dumuria , Artal and Palana ) of Bhawanipatna block and 17GPs ( Adhamunda , Balsi , Boria , Chancher , Deogaon , Fatakmal , Gaigaon , Gokuleswar , Kandel , Kikia , Kundabandha , Laitara , Nasigaon , Pastikudi , Patharla , Sirol and Utkela ) of Kesinga block .
In 2019 election , Indian National Congress candidate Sagar Charan Das won from this constituency .
Elected Members
Sixteen elections were held between 1951 and 2014 including one Bye election in 1957 .
Elected members from the Bhawanipatna constituency are :
1951 : ( 18 ) : J . C . Singh Deo ( Ganatantra Parishad )
1957 : ( 26 ) : Karunakar Bhoi ( Ganatantra Parishad )
1957 : ( Bye Poll ) : C. S. Pradhan ( Ganatantra Parishad )
1961 : ( 34 ) : Anchal Majhi ( Ganatantra Parishad )
1967 : ( 93 ) : Dayanidhi Naik ( Congress )
1971 : ( 93 ) : Dayanidhi Naik ( Jana Congress )
1974 : ( 99 ) : Jagamohan Nayak ( Swatantra Party )
1977 : ( 99 ) : Dayanidhi Naik ( Congress )
1980 : ( 99 ) : Dayanidhi Naik ( Congress-I )
1985 : ( 99 ) : Bhakta Charan Das ( Janata Party )
1990 : ( 99 ) : Ajit Das ( Janata Dal )
1995 : ( 99 ) : Pradipta Kumar Naik ( BJP )
1995 : ( 99 ) : Pradipta Kumar Naik ( BJP )
2000 : ( 99 ) : Pradipta Kumar Naik ( BJP )
2004 : ( 99 ) : Pradipta Kumar Naik ( BJP )
2009 : ( 80 ) : Dusmanta Naik ( Congress )
2014 : ( 80 ) : Anam Naik ( BJD )
2019 : ( 80 ) : Pradipta Kumar Naik ( BJP )
Election Results
2019
2014
2009 Election
Notes
References
Assembly constituencies of Odisha
Kalahandi district
The Rally for the People ( Rassemblement pour le peuple ) is a political party in Senegal .
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007 , the party won 4.25 % of the popular vote and 2 out of 150 seats .
References
Political parties in Senegal
Hermann Carl Hagen ( born Hermann Levy ; February 19 , 1886May 28 , 1942 ) was a German banker , bank archivist , and economist who was murdered during the Holocaust at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp .
Personal life
Hermann Levy was born on February 19 , 1886 in Berlin to a Jewish family . His father was the banker Carl Levy and his mother was Katharina Philippi . Hermann had three siblings : Margarethe , Louis , and Clara . Carl Levy hailed from a Cologne banking family that had founded Wiener Levy & Co in 1880 , alongside Richard Wiener . Hermann 's uncle Louis took the name `` Hermann '' from his non-Jewish wife Anna Emma Hagen in 1893 , and subsequently other members of the Levy family followed suit . Hermann Levy was allowed to change his name to Hermann Hagen by a police order on June 16 , 1905 , following his marriage to Hedwig Elise Caroline Staadt , a German Christian . In 1921 , Wiener Levy and Co was renamed to Hagen & Co .
In 1894 , when Hermann was 8 years old , the Levy family moved from Rauchstrasse to Derfflingerstrasse . Following the family move , Hermann grew up on Derfflingerstrasse in an affluent quarter of Berlin . Hermann passed his Abitur at the Französisches Gymnasium Berlin ( Royal French Gymnasium ) in 1905 . He continued his studies in philosophy , law , and economics until 1910 at various universities in Munich , Freiburg , Berlin and Heidelberg , but never graduated . Hermann spent a year with the 1st Guard Uhlan Regiment in Potsdam at his father 's insistence . His mother Katharina died of cancer in 1907 .
Hermann 's siblings and children survived the Holocaust . His children Helga and Günther fled to the United States , while Hertha fled to London . His daughter Gerda ( also known as Greta ) was married Alexander Catsch who worked at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Buch ; they were forced to go to the Soviet Union with other scientists for 5 years following World War II . His son Karl-Heinz was imprisoned for several months on accusations of `` decomposing military strength '' , later becoming editor-in-chief for multiple publications including BZ , Berliner Morgenpost , Bild-Zeitung , `` Quick '' , and `` Revue '' .
His youngest son , Hans Oliva-Hagen , was a journalist , writer , and screenwriter who used the pseudonyms `` Hans Oliva '' and `` John Ryder '' . Hans was subjecting to Nazi human experiments while imprisoned at Moabit . His granddaughter through his son Hans is the singer Nina Hagen . Nina 's daughter Cosma Shiva Hagen is an actress .
Murder
Hagen was arrested on several occasions by the Nazis . Because he was declared to be mentally confused , he was spared being taken to an extermination camp and was sent to Waldhaus insane asylum instead . He escaped from the asylum and hid in Berlin until he was arrested by the Gestapo .
On May 18 , 1942 , Herbert Baum 's resistance group carried out an arson attack on an anti-Soviet propaganda exhibition . This was two days after the ultimately fatal assassination attempt on Reinhard Heydrich . As an act of revenge , the Nazis arbitrarily arrested 500 Jews living in Berlin . Half of these Jews were murdered at Sachsenhausen concentration camp on the same day of May 28 , including Hermann Hagen . He was 56 years old . His wife Hedwig was also murdered at Sachsenhausen . The Nazi acts of revenge for these events culminated on June 10 of that year with the destruction of the village of Lidice in the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia .
Commemoration
A stolperstein honoring Hermann Hagen has been installed at Waitzstraße 27 , Berlin-Charlottenburg . The memorial is a small copper plaque inscribed with identifying information . The plaque is built into the street on front of homes that were previously inhabited by primarily Jewish residents who were murdered in the Holocaust .
References
External links
The Tragic Fate Of Hermann Hagen
1886 births
1942 deaths
Französisches Gymnasium Berlin alumni
German archivists
German Ashkenazi Jews
German bankers
German Jews who died in the Holocaust
German people who died in Nazi concentration camps
German resistance members
Hagen family
Jewish bankers
Jewish economists
Jews in the German resistance
People from Berlin
People who died in Sachsenhausen concentration camp
Irina Mikhailovna Dobrekova ( ; born 16 February 1931 , Leningrad , USSR ) is a Soviet Russian painter , graphic artist , living and working in Saint Petersburg , a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists ( before 1992 named as the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation ) , regarded as a representative of the Leningrad school of painting .
Biography
Irina Dobrekova was born on 16 February 1931 , in Leningrad , USSR .
In 1961 , Irina Dobrekova graduated from Higher School of Art and Industry named after Vera Mukhina in Alexander Kazantsev workshop , where she studied of Piotr Buchkin , Arseny Semionov , and Lev Chegorovsky .
Irina Dobrekova has participated in Art Exhibitions Since 1965 . She painted portraits , landscapes , still lifes , genre scenes , work in oil and tempera painting .
In her art plein air style of 1950-1960 was later replaced on inventing motives and interest to transfer of internal tension and latent drama in themes , where at first glance , nothing happens . Her still lifes with fruit of 1980s years is distinguished by bright intense color and sharp composition .
In 1972 Irina Dobrekova become a member of Saint Petersburg Union of Artists ( before 1992 - the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation ) . In 1960–1970 years she repeatedly worked in the House of creativity « Staraya Ladoga » .
Paintings by Irina Dobrekova reside in Art museums and private collections of Russia , France , Germany , Finland , in the U.S. , England , and in other countries .
See also
Leningrad School of Painting
House of creativity « Staraya Ladoga »
List of painters of Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
References
Bibliography
Весенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников . 1965 . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1970 . С.31 .
Весенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1969 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1970 . С.19 .
Наш современник . Каталог выставки произведений ленинградских художников 1971 года . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1972 . С.23 .
Каталог Осенней выставки произведений ленинградских художников 1971 года . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1973 . С.17 .
По родной стране . Выставка произведений художников Ленинграда . 50 Летию образования СССР посвящается . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1974 . С.28 .
Наш современник . Вторая выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1972 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1973 . С.12 .
Натюрморт . Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1973 года . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1973 . С.13 .
Наш современник . Зональная выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1975 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1980 . С.28 .
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников , посвящённая 60-летию Великого Октября . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1982 . С.24 .
Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников . 1978 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1983 . С.8 .
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР . Т.2 . М. , Советский художник , 1979 . С.541 .
Зональная выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1980 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1983 . С.13 .
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1987 . С.39 .
Ленинградские художники . Живопись 1950-1980 годов . Каталог . СПб. , Выставочный центр ПСХ , 1994 . С.3 .
Лирика в произведениях художников военного поколения . Выставка произведений . Каталог . СПб. , Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова , 1995 . С.3 .
Sergei V. Ivanov . Unknown Socialist Realism . The Leningrad School . Saint Petersburg , NP-Print Edition , 2007 . P.26 , 106 , 132 , 360 , 392 , 395-399 , 404 , 405 , 418 , 422 , 423. , .
1931 births
20th-century Russian painters
21st-century Russian painters
Soviet painters
Socialist realist artists
Leningrad School artists
Russian women painters
Living people
Vera Mukhina Institute alumni
Members of the Leningrad Union of Artists
20th-century Russian women artists
21st-century Russian women artists
The Southern Ohio Synod is one of the 65 synods of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) . It coordinates the work of ELCA congregations in southern Ohio . Major cities within the synod 's boundaries include Cincinnati , Columbus , and Dayton . As of 2020 there were 188 congregations , 65,000 baptized members , 371 rostered leaders ( pastors and deacons ) .
The synod is governed by the synod council throughout the year . The synod 's clergy , associates in ministry , deacons , deaconesses , diaconal ministers , and two representatives from each congregation meet each year for the synod assembly . Wittenberg University in Springfield and Capital University in Bexley are among the twenty-six universities and colleges of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America .
`` Stronger and Better Together , Joining Jesus in the Restoration of the World '' . ''
Leadership
Synods of the ELCA are headed by a bishop . The current bishop of the Southern Ohio Synod is Suzanne Darcy Dillahunt .
References
External links
Southern Ohio Synod Official website
Evangelical Lutheran Church in America synods
Lutheranism in Ohio
Quinton Lamar Spain ( born August 7 , 1991 ) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent . He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2015 . He played college football at West Virginia .
Professional career
Tennessee Titans
2015 season
Spain signed with the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent following the 2015 NFL Draft . He made the Titans final roster as a rookie , playing in seven games with six starts at guard . The Titans finished with a league-worst 3-13 record .
2016 season
In 2016 , Spain won the starting left guard spot and started 13 games , missing 3 due to injury . The 2016 Titans offensive line was heralded as one of the best in the league , which blocked for DeMarco Murray as he led the AFC in rushing yards . The Titans finished with a 9-7 record .
2017 season
Spain started the 2017 season as the Titans ' starting left guard . He started 14 games for the Titans and missed two , who finished with another 9-7 record and qualified for the playoffs . He started his first two postseason contests , playing in the Titans ' upset comeback win against the Kansas City Chiefs , blocking for Derrick Henry as he accounted for a then-franchise record 191 total yards , and then the Titans ' 35-14 loss to the New England Patriots in the Divisional round .
2018 season
In the 2018 offseason , the Titans placed a tender on Spain , who was a restricted free agent . Spain signed his one-year tender on April 3 , 2018 . He started 15 games at left guard in 2018 , missing the Titans Week 7 London Game against the Los Angeles Chargers as the Titans finished with another 9-7 record . He notably blocked for Derrick Henry as he was named AFC Offensive Player of the Month for December .
Buffalo Bills
On April 3 , 2019 , Spain signed a one-year contract with the Buffalo Bills . During the 2019 season , Spain would start in all 16 games for the Bills , playing every offensive snap , committing only four penalties and not allowing a single sack . The Bills finished with a 10-6 record , qualifying for the playoffs where he started for the Bills ' wild card loss to the Houston Texans .
On March 17 , 2020 , Spain signed a three-year , $ 15 million contract extension with the Bills . He started the first two games at left guard before being benched in favor of Cody Ford and Brian Winters . He was released on October 21 , 2020 .
Cincinnati Bengals
On October 30 , 2020 , Spain was signed to the Cincinnati Bengals ' practice squad . He was elevated to the active roster on October 31 , November 14 , and November 21 for the team 's weeks 8 , 10 , and 11 games against the Tennessee Titans , Pittsburgh Steelers , and Washington Football Team , and reverted to the practice squad after each game . He was signed to the active roster on November 23 , after starting the previous two games .
Spain re-signed on a one-year contract with the Bengals on March 30 , 2021 .
Personal life
Spain has hosted a Football Skills Camp the last three years in his hometown of Petersburg , Virginia . During his camp on July 1 , 2017 , Petersburg Mayor Sam Parham gave Spain a proclamation and officially declared it Quinton Spain Day . He is married to Alexandra .
References
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Petersburg , Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football offensive guards
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
Tennessee Titans players
Buffalo Bills players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Holmesville is an unincorporated community in New Durham Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
History
A post office was established at Holmesville in 1854 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1895 . Holmesville was platted in 1855 by Hiram Holmes , and named for him .
Geography
Holmesville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The discography of Sheryl Crow , an American singer-songwriter , consists of 11 studio albums , four live albums , one live EP , six compilation albums , one box set , 45 singles , six promotional singles , 13 video albums , 57 music videos , 21 B-sides and 19 soundtrack contributions . She has sold over 50 million albums worldwide . According to RIAA , she has sold 16 million certified albums in the United States . Billboard named her the 5th Greatest Alternative Artist of all time .
After signing a contract with A & M Records and not wanting to release her own first attempt at a debut record thinking it was unmemorable , Crow finally released Tuesday Night Music Club in 1993 . It remains her most successful effort to date and one of the best-selling albums of the 1990s , having sold more than ten million copies internationally by the end of the decade . Such hits as `` All I Wan na Do '' , `` Strong Enough '' , and `` Ca n't Cry Anymore '' garnered Crow 's popularity on radio , while Tuesday Night Music Club became a Billboard 200 mainstay , rising from the debut spot at number 173 to its peak in the top five and spending exactly 100 weeks on the chart . The album also saw success in countries such as Australia and Canada and throughout Europe . In 1995 , Crow won three Grammy Awards ( out of five nominations ) , including for Best New Artist .
Her second album , Sheryl Crow , was released in 1996 and debuted at No . 6 on the Billboard 200 , becoming Crow 's second consecutive top ten album , spending over a year on the chart and ranking as the one of the most sold albums of 1996 and 1997 . In less than a year , the album was certified as triple platinum . The album produced five singles : `` If It Makes You Happy '' , `` Everyday Is a Winding Road '' , `` Hard to Make a Stand '' , `` A Change Would Do You Good '' , and `` Home '' , with the first two peaking at Nos . 10 and 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 , respectively . The self-titled record remains Crow 's most critically acclaimed album to date . Crow won two Grammy Awards for this new effort in 1997 and one additional nomination in 1998 . Shortly afterwards , Crow contributed to the Tomorrow Never Dies soundtrack , writing and performing the theme song for the James Bond movie . The song became Crow 's fifth top-20 hit in the UK and received nominations for a Golden Globe and a Grammy .
Despite encountering difficulties in recording her third studio album , Crow released The Globe Sessions in 1998 . Preceded by the top 20 hit single `` My Favorite Mistake '' , the album debuted at No . 5 on the Billboard 200 and went on to sell more than two million copies in the United States . The Globe Sessions received five Grammy Award nominations , including for Album of the Year , but won only for Best Rock Album . The next year , Crow 's rendition of the song `` Sweet Child O'Mine '' was included in the Big Daddy soundtrack and won a Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance . In addition , Crow released her first live album , recorded at Central Park in the company of guest musicians such as Keith Richards , Stevie Nicks , and Eric Clapton . The album was not as commercially successful as its predecessors , being certified as gold only in Canada but at the same time , garnered Crow three fresh Grammy nominations , winning Best Female Rock Vocal Performance for `` There Goes the Neighborhood '' in 2000 .
C'mon , C'mon ( 2002 ) , her following release , debuted at number two in the US , Canada and United Kingdom . The album became her highest debut in several countries and produced the hit single `` Soak Up the Sun '' . The album helped Crow win an American Music Award and four Grammy Award nominations . Once again , Crow won Best Female Rock Vocal Performance , this time for the second single `` Steve McQueen '' . In 2003 , Crow released The Very Best of Sheryl Crow , her first greatest hits compilation . Propelled by the major hit single `` The First Cut Is the Deepest '' , the album went on to sell over four million copies in the United States alone , staying inside the Billboard 200 for 80 weeks and becoming 2004 's ninth best-selling album . Crow won two American Music Awards the next year in the categories Favorite Rock/Pop Female Artist and Favorite Adult Contemporary Artist .
Her fifth studio album , Wildflower ( 2005 ) debuted at No . 2 on the Billboard 200 and No . 1 on the Canadian Albums chart . The album was certified as platinum in less than a year and spawned the single `` Always on Your Side '' , which became Crow 's ninth Billboard Hot 100 top 40 hit . Wildflower received three Grammy nominations . In 2008 , Crow released Detours , her first album in three years . Like its last two predecessors , the album debuted at No . 2 on the Billboard 200 , remaining on the chart for over 20 weeks and becoming one of the year 's best-sold albums . Her seventh studio album , 100 Miles from Memphis , was released in 2010 and became her last album on A & M Records .
After signing with Warner Music Nashville , Crow announced the release of her debut album in the country music format . Her ninth studio album , entitled Feels Like Home , was released September 10 , 2013 . The lead-off single , `` Easy '' , saw release exclusively to country radio and became Crow 's first top 20 country airplay hit .
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Live albums
EPs
Singles
1990s
2000s
2010s–2020s
Guest singles
Other charted songs
A `` The First Cut Is the Deepest '' also reached # 35 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .
B An alternate version with Allison Moorer instead of Crow was released but is not included on Cocky .
Videos
Home videos and television concerts
Music videos
Video appearances
Collaborations
1991 : Belinda Carlisle : Live Your Life Be Free - Little Black Book and Half the World ( background vocals , credited as Cherryl Crowe )
1991 : Kenny Loggins : Leap of Faith - I Would Do Anything ( duet )
1997 : Dwight Yoakam : Under The Covers - Baby Do n't Go ( vocals )
1998 : Scott Weiland : 12 Bar Blues - Lady , Your Roof Brings Me Down ( accordion )
1999 : Prince : Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic - Baby Knows ( duet , harmonica ) / Everyday Is a Winding Road ( writer )
2000 : Johnny Cash : American III : Solitary Man - Field of Diamonds ( vocals )
2001 : Willie Nelson : All the Songs I 've Loved Before : 40 Unforgettable Songs / 2013 : To All the Girls ... - Far Away Places ( duet )
2001 : Tony Bennett : Playin ' with My Friends : Bennett Sings the Blues - Good Morning Heartache ( duet )
2001 : Stevie Nicks : Trouble in Shangri-La - Sorcerer / It 's Only Love / Candlebright / Too Far from Texas / That Made Me Stronger / Fall From Grace ( background vocals , guitar , bass , writer & producer )
2002 : Dixie Chicks : Home - Travelin ' Soldier & Landslide ( music producer )
2002 : Counting Crows : Hard Candy - American Girls ( background vocals )
2003 : Fleetwood Mac : Say You Will - Say You Will & Silver Girl ( Hammond organ & background vocals )
2003 : Rosanne Cash : Rules of Travel - Beautiful Pain ( harmony vocal )
2003 : Michelle Branch : Hotel Paper - Love Me Like That ( duet )
2003 : Kid Rock : Kid Rock - Run Off to LA ( vocals )
2004 : The Rolling Stones : Live Licks - Honky Tonk Women ( live duet )
2004 : Zucchero Fornaciari : Zu & Co. - Blue ( duet )
2007 : Ryan Adams : Easy Tiger - Two ( background vocals and harmony )
2008 : Rusty Truck : Luck 's Changing Lanes - Cold Ground ( backing vocals , acoustic guitar , accordion )
2010 : Jerry Lee Lewis : Mean Old Man - You Are My Sunshine ( w/ Jon Brion )
2010 : Miley Cyrus : Hannah Montana Forever - Need A Little Love ( vocals )
2011 : Tony Bennett : Duets II - The Girl I Love
2011 : Kid Rock : Born Free - Collide ( w/ Bob Seger on piano ) ( duet )
2012 : Willie Nelson : Heroes - Come on Up to the House ( w/ Lukas Nelson )
2012 : John Mellencamp , Dave Alvin , Phil Alvin & Taj Mahal : Ghost Brothers of Darkland County - 2013 theatrical play soundtrack , 7 songs
2013 : Amy Grant : How Mercy Looks from Here - Deep As It Is Wide ( w/ Eric Paslay )
2013 : Charlie Worsham : Rubberband - Love Do n't Die Easy ( background vocals )
2014 : Smokey Robinson : Smokey & Friends - The Tears of a Clown ( duet )
2016 : Eric Clapton And Guests : Crossroads Revisited - Selections From The Crossroads Guitar Festivals - Tulsa Time , On the Road Again ( Willie Nelson song ) & Lay Down Sally ( w/ Vince Gill & Albert Lee / Our Love Is Fading ( w/ Gary Clark Jr. ) ( live )
2017 : John Mayer : The Search for Everything - `` In the Blood '' ( background vocals )
2017 : Rodney Crowell : Close Ties - `` I 'm Tied To Ya '' ( duet )
2020 : Yola : `` Hold On '' ( piano )
2021 : Barry Gibb : Greenfields - `` How Can You Mend a Broken Heart '' ( duet )
2022 : Toby Mac : Promised Land
Soundtracks
Films
1991 : Point Break ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Hundreds Of Tears
1995 : Boys on the Side ( Original Soundtrack Album ) - Keep On Growing / Somebody Stands By Me ( writer only )
1997 : Tomorrow Never Dies ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Tomorrow Never Dies
1998 : Hope Floats ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - In Need
1998 : The Faculty ( Music From The Dimension Motion Picture ) - Resuscitation
1998 : Practical Magic ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - If You Ever Did Believe / Crystal ( music producer and guest vocals w/ Stevie Nicks )
1999 : Big Daddy ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Sweet Child o ' Mine
1999 : Message in a Bottle ( Music From And Inspired By The Motion Picture ) - Carolina
2000 : Steal This Movie ! ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Time Has Come Today ( w/ Steve Earle )
2001 : Bridget Jones 's Diary ( Music from the Motion Picture ) - Kiss That Girl
2001 : I Am Sam ( Music From and Inspired By the Motion Picture ) - Mother Nature 's Son
2004 : Alfie ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Old Habits Die Hard ( w/ Mick Jagger and David A. Stewart )
2004 : De-Lovely ( Music from the Motion Picture ) - Begin the Beguine
2006 : Cars ( Original Soundtrack ) - Real Gone
2006 : Home of the Brave ( Original Motion Picture Soundtrack ) - Try Not To Remember
2007 : Bee Movie ( Music From The Motion Picture ) - Here Comes the Sun
Television
1996 : The X-Files - Songs in the Key of X : Music from and Inspired by the X-Files - On the Outside
1997 : Live On Letterman ( Music From The Late Show ) - Strong Enough ( Live )
1999 : King of the Hill ( Music From And Inspired By The TV Series ) - Straight to the Moon
2000 : VH1 Storytellers - Strong Enough ( Live w/ Stevie Nicks from 1998 )
2001 : The Best Of Sessions at West 54th - Everyday Is A Winding Road ( Live from 1997 )
2002 : The Very Best Of MTV Unplugged - Strong Enough ( Live from 1995 )
2003 : The Very Best Of MTV Unplugged 2 - Run , Baby , Run ( Live from 1995 )
2004 : The Very Best Of MTV Unplugged 3 - Leaving Las Vegas ( Live from 1995 )
2008 : Californication , Season 2 : Music from the Showtime Series - Behind Blue Eyes
2009 : NCIS : The Official TV Soundtrack - Vol . 2 - Murder In My Heart
Live specials
1994 : Woodstock 94 - Run , Baby , Run
1996 : Pavarotti & Friends : For War Child - Run , Baby , Run ( w/ Eric Clapton ) / Là ci darem la mano ( w/ Luciano Pavarotti )
1998 : Burt Bacharach – One Amazing Night - One Less Bell to Answer
1999 : Woodstock 1999 - If It Makes You Happy
1999 : A Very Special Christmas Live From Washington , D.C. - Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree ( w/ Mary J. Blige ) / Merry Christmas Baby ( w/ Eric Clapton ) / Santa Claus Is Comin ' to Town ( w/ everyone )
2001 : America : A Tribute to Heroes - Safe and Sound
2001 : A Very Special Christmas 5 - Run Rudolph Run
2002 : Willie Nelson & Friends – Stars & Guitars - Whiskey River / For What It 's Worth ( duets w/ Willie Nelson )
2010 : Hope for Haiti Now - Lean on Me ( w/ Kid Rock & Keith Urban )
2011 : Best Of Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame + Museum : Live - Midnight Rider ( w/ The Allman Brothers Band ) from 1995 broadcast
2011 : The Bridge School Concerts : 25th Anniversary Edition - The Difficult Kind
2012 : We Walk the Line : A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash - Cry ! Cry ! Cry ! / If I Were a Carpenter ( w/ Willie Nelson ) / I Walk the Line ( w/ everyone )
2013 : Willie Nelson & Friends – Live at Third Man Records - Far Away Places / Whiskey River
Original music with no soundtrack album
1990 : Cop Rock episode `` Bang the Potts Slowly '' - I Got Somethin ' For You
1991 : Bright Angel - Heal Somebody
1991 : Stone Cold - Welcome To the Real Life
1995 : The Pompatus of Love - The Joker ( Steve Miller Band cover )
1996 : For Hope - My Funny Valentine ( cover )
2009 : Cougar Town episode `` Everything Man '' - Everything Man
2012 : Katie - This Day ( theme song )
2012 : GCB episode `` Forbidden Fruit '' - The Gospel According to Me
2013 : The Hot Flashes - Leaning in a New Direction
2015 : The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon December 15 , 2015 episode - Revolution ( Beatles song ) ( w/ The Roots )
2016 : A Boy Called Po - Dancing With Your Shadow ( Burt Bacharach/Billy Mann cover )
Compilation appearances
Tribute albums
1994 : If I Were a Carpenter - Solitaire
1995 : Encomium : A Tribute to Led Zeppelin - D'yer Mak'er
1999 : Return of the Grievous Angel : A Tribute to Gram Parsons - Juanita ( w/ Emmylou Harris )
2001 : Good Rockin ' Tonight - The Legacy Of Sun Records - Who Will The Next Fool Be ?
2001 : Timeless - Long Gone Lonesome Blues
2001 : Substitute - The Songs Of The Who - Behind Blue Eyes
2002 : Kindred Spirits : A Tribute to the Songs of Johnny Cash - Flesh and Blood ( w/ Mary Chapin Carpenter & Emmylou Harris )
2004 : The Unbroken Circle ( The Musical Heritage Of The Carter Family ) - No Depression in Heaven
2007 : Anchored in Love : A Tribute to June Carter Cash - If I Were a Carpenter ( w/ Willie Nelson )
2010 : Coal Miner 's Daughter : A Tribute to Loretta Lynn - Coal Miner 's Daughter ( w/ Loretta Lynn & Miranda Lambert )
2011 : The Lost Notebooks of Hank Williams - Angel Mine
Benefit albums
1997 : A Very Special Christmas 3 - Blue Christmas
1998 : AT & T Presents Stormy Weather - Good Morning Heartache ( live )
2004 : Marlo Thomas and Friends : Thanks & Giving All Year Long - All Kinds of People
2015 : Orthophonic Joy - The Wandering Boy ( w/ Vince Gill )
References
Rock music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Discography
Rose English is a British artist working in performance , installation , theatre , dance and film . She has been writing , directing and performing her own work for over thirty five years in venues as various as Tate Britain ; Royal Court Theatre ; Queen Elizabeth Hall ; the Adelaide Festival ; and Lincoln Center , New York . Her productions feature a diversity of co-performers including musicians , dancers , circus performers , magicians and horses .
Her shows range from her site-specific performances and collaborations of the 1970s including Quadrille , Berlin and Mounting , her acclaimed solos of the 1980s including Plato 's Chair and The Beloved to her large scale spectaculars of the 1990s including Walks on Water , The Double Wedding and Tantamount Esperance .
Her internationally celebrated solo with a horse – My Mathematics – was produced by Michael Morris ' Cultural Industry , and a series of vignettes with horses were presented by The Banff Centre , Canada and The Serpentine Gallery , London . The Long Time Ago Story – a collaboration with a composer David Sawyer was commissioned for BBC Radio 4 in 2003 . Ornamental Happiness , a show in song and circus , opened the Liverpool Biennial of Contemporary Art in 2006 , followed by Flagrant Wisdom commissioned by the National Glass Centre in 2009 . The full length sequel featuring flying , glass , singing and Chinese acrobatics is currently in development .
English 's performance works of the 1970s featured in the exhibition WACK ! Art and the Feminist Revolution at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , and toured museums in the US and Canada 2007/2009 . Her installation STORYBOARD , commissioned by the National Glass Centre featured in Interloqui , a group exhibition at Caterina Tognon Arte Contemporanea , to coincide with the 54th Venice Biennale , 2011 . She exhibited an installation composed of elements and documents relating to her 1975 performance , Quadrille , in Taking Matters into Our Own Hands at Richard Saltoun and Karsten Schubert , London 2013 .
She co-wrote and designed the feature film The Gold Diggers , directed by Sally Potter in 1983 ; digitally re-mastered and released on BFI DVD in 2009 .
English 's work with dance includes choreographing Ariadne auf Naxos at the Munich Staatsoper , directed by Tim Albery and her collaborations with choreographer Matthew Hawkins , including Angels and Exiles at the Royal Opera House .
As an actress English has appeared in a wide range of theatre , film and television productions , working with directors including Richard Jones , Sally Potter and Nick Philippou . She has appeared in Mauvaise passe ; Our Mutual Friend ; Surviving Picasso ; Cracker ( UK TV series ) ; The Brooch Pin and Sinful Clasp ; and The Witches .
English 's awards include The Time Out Performance Award , The Wingate Scholarship and the Paul Hamlyn Award for Artists .
English is represented by Karsten Schubert London .
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
1950 births
Living people
British stage actresses
British film directors
British film actresses
British television actresses
British choreographers
1957 Országos Bajnokság I ( men 's water polo ) was the 51st water polo championship in Hungary . There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title .
Final list
* M - Matches ; W - Win ; D - Drawn ; L - Lost G+ - Goals earned ; G- - Goals got ; Diff - Difference ; P - Point
2 . Class
1 . UTTE 29 , 2 . BVTSE 27 , 3 . Tatabányai Bányász 21 ( 1 ) , 4 . Szolnoki Honvéd 21 , 5 . Szentes 17 , 6 . Csepel Autó 15 , 7 . Kistext 14 , 8 . Bp . Gyárépítők 13 , 9 . Tipográfia 12 , 10 . Óbudai Hajógyár 9 ( 1 ) point . In parentheses were the conclusion penalty points .
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső : Aranykor ( Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt. , Budapest , 2002 . )
1957 in water polo
1957 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kure_Line
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
USS Hoptree ( AN-62/YN-83 ) was a that served in the U.S. Navy during World War II . Hoptree performed her tour of duty in the Pacific Ocean and , post-war , she was decommissioned and sold .
Built in Maine
Hoptree ( AN-62 ) , a wooden-hulled net layer , was launched on 14 October 1943 by Snow Shipyards Inc. , Rockland , Maine , as YN-83 ; sponsored by Lt. Ann Jameson ; reclassified AN-62 , on 20 January 1944 ; and commissioned on 18 May 1944 .
World War II service
Pacific Ocean operations
Arriving at the Melville Net Depot for shakedown on 31 May 1944 , Hoptree performed training and readiness operations until 27 June , when she joined the Net Layer Pre-commissioning and Training Group at Melville , Rhode Island . She then departed on 2 December for the U.S. West Coast and sailed on 3 February 1945 from the Naval Net Depot , Tiburon , California , for duty in the Pacific Ocean .
Hoptree arrived Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on 13 February 1945 and was routed on to Eniwetok Atoll , where she arrived the 28th . From March through the end of the war the ship was engaged in the vital work of maintaining and repairing net defenses in the harbor , and after August she was occupied in dismantling them .
She sailed back to the United States in November 1945 , arriving at San Francisco , California , on 8 November .
Post-war decommissioning
Decommissioned on 1 March 1946 , deemed surplus to Navy needs , and made available for disposal , Hoptree was stricken from the List of Naval Vessels on 20 March 1946 .
Subsequent maritime career
She was delivered to her purchaser , Van Camp Seafood Company , San Pedro , California , on 23 April 1947 . She operated on mercantile service until scrapped in 1954 .
References
NavSource Online : USS Hoptree ( AN-62 )
Ailanthus-class net laying ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Rockland , Maine
1943 ships
World War II net laying ships of the United States
The Saudi-Bahraini Coordination Council ( ) is a coordination council that oversees all areas of cooperation between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Kingdom of Bahrain . It was established on July 28 , 2019 , during talks held between the Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir and his Bahraini counterpart Khalid bin Ahmed Al Khalifa . The council represents a number of committees developing political , economic , military , media , and social ties between the two countries .
References
Economy of Bahrain
Economy of Saudi Arabia
Bahrain–Saudi Arabia relations
T'ongch'ŏn County is a kun , or county , in Kangwŏn province , North Korea . It abuts the Sea of Japan ( East Sea of Korea ) to the north and east . Famous people from T'ongch'ŏn include Hyundai Founder Chung Ju-yung , who is believed to have been born there .
Administrative divisions
T'ongch'ŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp ( town ) and 30 ri ( villages ) :
Physical features
The terrain is mountainous in the west , sloping down to the coastal plains ( including the T'ongch'ŏn Plain and Hupkok Plain ) in the east . The plains are used for rice cultivation . The area is prone to fog . As elsewhere along the Kangwŏn coast , there are various lagoons .
Economy
Due to the extensive plains , agriculture is a major local industry ; in addition to rice , the county produces barley , wheat , oats , millet , maize , soybeans , and potatoes . Lumbering and fishing also play a role .
Tourism
The region has long been a popular destination due to the proximity of Mount Kŭmgang and , in recent years , tourists from South Korea have passed through the area in great numbers .
Transport
Road
A highway runs along the coastline .
Rail
T'ongch'ŏn county is served by T'ongch'ŏn Station and five other stations on the Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
Notable people from Tongchon County
Ri Yong-ho , North Korean vice-marshal
Ri Chun-hee , North Korean broadcaster for Korean Central Television
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province ( North Korea )
Botaş Dörtyol LNG Storage Facility ( ) is a floating storage and regasification unit ( FSRU ) for liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) in Hatay Province , southern Turkey . It is country 's second floating LNG storage facility after the Egegaz Aliağa LNG Storage Facility .
The floating LNG storage facility is the world 's largest vessel MT MOL FSRU Challenger , which was chartered by the Turkish state-owned crude oil and natural gas pipelines and trading company BOTAŞ . The FSRU was delivered to its owner , the Mitsui O.S.K . Lines ( MOL ) LNG Transport ( Europe ) Ltd. in October 2017 , and then sailed to Turkey arriving at its Mediterranean seaport Dörtyol in November the same year . The FSRU terminal went into service on 7 February 2018 .
The special vessel has an LNG storage capacity of 2 , and features a regas discharge capacity of . With the use of the FSRU as an import terminal , minimization of the investment costs for transmission and distribution lines as well as of the transportation costs is aimed .
See also
Egegaz Aliağa LNG Storage Facility ,
Lake Tuz Natural Gas Storage ,
Northern Marmara and Değirmenköy ( Silivri ) Depleted Gas Reservoir ,
Marmara Ereğlisi LNG Storage Facility .
References
Natural gas storage
Floating production storage and offloading vessels
Energy infrastructure in Turkey
Natural gas in Turkey
2018 establishments in Turkey
Energy infrastructure completed in 2018
Buildings and structures in Hatay Province
Dörtyol District
Botaş
Anne Hastings , Countess of Huntingdon ( née Lady Anne Stafford ) ( c. 1483–1544 ) was an English noble . She was the daughter of Henry Stafford , 2nd Duke of Buckingham , and Lady Catherine Woodville . She was first the wife of Sir Walter Herbert and then George Hastings , 1st Earl of Huntingdon , and served in the household of King Henry VIII 's daughter , the future Queen Mary I .
Life
Born around 1483 , Lady Anne Stafford was the daughter of Henry Stafford , 2nd Duke of Buckingham , and Catherine Woodville Catherine was a sister of Elizabeth Woodville , Consort of Edward IV , making Anne a first cousin of Elizabeth of York . Anne had two brothers , Edward Stafford , 3rd Duke of Buckingham , and Henry Stafford , 1st Earl of Wiltshire ; and a sister , Elizabeth Stafford , Countess of Sussex .
In 1483 , Richard III executed her father for treason , following his part in the uprisings which became known as Buckingham 's rebellion . Anne 's mother remarried in 1485 to Jasper Tudor , later Duke of Bedford .
In 1503 , Anne married Sir Walter Herbert . After Herbert died in 1507 , Anne gave control of her jointure , which included Raglan Castle in Wales , to her brother , Edward . Anne went to live in her brother 's household at Thornbury , Gloucestershire , until her second marriage to George Hastings in 1509 .
In 1510 , Anne was the subject of a sex scandal . Her brother had heard rumours that Anne was having an affair with Sir William Compton , who was close to Henry VIII ; she may also have been among Henry 's mistresses . On one occasion , Stafford found Compton in Anne 's room . Compton was forced to take the sacrament to prove that he had not committed adultery . Hastings sent Anne to live in a convent away from the royal court . There is no evidence that Anne and Compton committed adultery . Nor that she was Henry VIII 's mistress , aside from illogical notion that Compton met her to hand her a message from the King , which he could easily have handed to her in less scandalous way . However , in 1523 Compton took the unusual step of bequeathing land to Anne in his will , and directing his executors to include her in the prayers for his kin for which he had made provision in his will .
Despite this scandal , Anne and Hastings apparently enjoyed a close , loving relationship . This was evidenced by a letter written to Anne by Hastings in 1525 which has been described as 'one of the most affectionate and charming letters of the period ' .
Marriages and children
Anne Stafford married firstly , in 1503 , Sir Walter Herbert ( d. 16 September 1507 ) , an illegitimate son of William Herbert , 1st Earl of Pembroke . The marriage was childless .
She married secondly , in December 1509 , George Hastings , 1st Earl of Huntingdon . They had five sons and three daughters :
Francis Hastings , 2nd Earl of Huntingdon , who married Katherine Pole ( d. 23 September 1576 ) , elder daughter of Henry Pole , 1st Baron Montagu , and by her had six sons , including Henry Hastings , 3rd Earl of Huntingdon , and George Hastings , 4th Earl of Huntingdon , and five daughters , including Frances , wife of Henry Compton , 1st Baron Compton .
Sir Thomas Hastings , who married , before October 1553 , Winifred Pole ( d. 22 February 1602 ) , daughter of Henry Pole , 1st Baron Montagu , and Jane Neville , daughter of George Neville , 4th Baron Bergavenny . There were no issue of the marriage . After Sir Thomas Hastings ' death , Winifred Pole married Sir Thomas Barrington ( d.1581 ) .
Edward Hastings , 1st Baron Hastings of Loughborough .
Henry Hastings .
William Hastings .
Lady Dorothy Hastings , who married Sir Richard Devereux ( d.1548 ) , second son of Walter Devereux , 1st Viscount Hereford , and Mary Grey , the daughter of Thomas Grey , 1st Marquess of Dorset . The eldest son of Walter Devereux , 1st Viscount Hereford , predeceased him , as did his second son , Sir Richard Devereux ( d.1548 ) . However Sir Richard Devereux and Dorothy Hastings had a son , Walter Devereux , 1st Earl of Essex , who was his grandfather 's heir .
Lady Mary Hastings , who married Thomas Berkeley , 6th Baron Berkeley .
Lady Katherine Hastings .
Fictional portrayals
Anne is the protagonist of At the King 's Pleasure by Kate Emerson .
In two 2007 episodes of the Showtime television series , The Tudors , Anne , portrayed by Anna Brewster , is presented as the 3rd Duke of Buckingham 's daughter ( she was his sister ) , and is involved not with Henry VIII but with a fictionalized version of the King 's future brother-in-law , Charles Brandon , 1st Duke of Suffolk . Several episodes later , a `` Mistress Hastings '' portrayed by Rachel Kavanagh is shown as dying of the same sweating sickness that killed William Compton . It is uncertain if both characters are an amalgamation of historical Anne Stafford .
In the second season of the Starz TV show The Spanish Princess she is played by actress Tessa Bonham Jones .
Anne is a character in the Philippa Gregory novel , The Constant Princess .
Notes
References
1480s births
1544 deaths
Daughters of British dukes
English countesses
Mistresses of Henry VIII
16th-century English women
16th-century English nobility
15th-century English women
15th-century English people
Anne Stafford , Countess of Huntingdon
Anne Stafford , Countess of Huntingdon
Woodville family
Amphibious Training Base Morro Bay also called Camp Morro Bay and Morro Bay Section Base was a US Navy training base for amphibious beach assault during World War II . The base opened in 1941 to train troops for the Pacific theater of operations ' island leapfrogging using landing craft and LCVP . The base was located in Morro Bay , California in San Luis Obispo County . The base was on of leased land . Ships for the base were based at the Avila 's Port San Luis in San Luis Bay . Which was also leased with the yacht club and its warehouse . Added to the leased land was : two piers , mess hall , gallon water storage tanks , roads , buildings , garages , and ammo storage area . The Navy also extended the bay 's breakwater . A wooden trestle bridge was built to get to the nearby sandspit ( now Morro Bay State Park ) , the bridge was removed in 1946 and some pillars still remain . The near Estero Bay was the site of training assault also , by the Navy , US Army , US Marine Corps and United States Coast Guard also taking over the unused vacation hotel there . Nearby United States Army Air Corps fields had fighter aircraft fire flour shot to make the training more real . Up to 175 landing craft were at the base and 16,000 troops a day trained . In the base and in nearby Los Osos and Baywood live fire bombing , machine gun , bazookas , and flamethrowers were used for training . The training ended on 31 October 1945 and the site is now a Duke Energy power plant built in 1955 , site of three large smoke stacks . North of the former base in the notable Morro Rock . Avila Beach was also a Union Oil plant with many oil storage tanks , use for Navy ships .
Baywood Park Training Area
Baywood Park Training Area opened in July 1943 as a branch of the Camp San Luis Obispo and Amphibious Training Base Morro Bay . The site was on of leased land . The site is in the current town of Baywood-Los Osos , California and the Morro Bay State Park . The lease ended in 1947 .
See also
California during World War II
Camp San Luis Obispo
NAAS Monterey , a supporting airfield
NAS Alameda , a supporting airfield
Naval Auxiliary Air Station , San Luis Obispo , the main supporting airfield
, a tanker that was sunk after departing the base by
References
United States in World War II
Military in California
South Carolina Highway 332 ( SC 332 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina . The highway travels through mostly rural areas of Orangeburg County .
Route description
SC 322 begins at an intersection with SC 4 ( Neeses Highway ) east of Springfield , within Orangeburg County . It travels to the south and immediately curves to the southeast . It crosses over Rocky Swamp Creek . It curves to the east-northeast and passes Hunter–Kinard–Tyler School . SC 322 curves to the southeast and to the east-southeast just before entering the city limits of Norway . It crosses over Willow Swamp and some railroad tracks before it intersects U.S. Route 321 ( US 321 ; Savannah Highway ) and the western terminus of SC 400 ( Norway Road ) . US 321 and SC 322 travel concurrently to the southern part of the town , with SC 322 traveling to the east-southeast on Cope Road . It travels in a roughly southeastern direction to an intersection with SC 70 ( Binnicker Bridge Road ) . Almost immediately , the highway crosses over Roberts Swamp . Just before entering Cope , it crosses over Sam Branch and some railroad tracks and curves to the northeast . In town , at the intersection with Slab Landing Road , the highway turns right to the south-southeast . It curves to the southeast just before meeting its eastern terminus , an intersection with US 301/US 601 ( Bamberg Highway ) .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 332 South Carolina Hwy Index
332
Transportation in Orangeburg County , South Carolina
is a 1994 fighting game developed and published by Sunsoft in Japan for the Super Famicom on March 11 , 1994 . It is a spin-off of the Hebereke series , as well as Sunsoft 's first attempt in the genre before they became better known for the 1995 Galaxy Fight : Universal Warriors , the 1996 Waku Waku 7 , and the 1998 Astra Superstars .
On June 25 , 1994 , Sugoi Heberekes soundtrack was included with the soundtracks of three other titles in the Hebereke series and the Gimmick ! soundtrack , all in one album titled , which was published by Datam Polystar and distributed by PolyGram in Japan . The Sugoi Hebereke soundtrack was also included with the soundtracks of two Hebereke titles and Gimmick ! in the album , which was published by Wave Master also in Japan on November 30 , 2011 . The game was re-released on December 18 , 2020 via the Nintendo Switch Online SNES app in Japan only .
Gameplay
Sugoi Hebereke is Bird 's Eye-viewed like Vectorbeam 's 1979 arcade game Warrior , but with brawling elements similar to the ones found in Atari Games ' 1990 Pit-Fighter arcade , Technōs Japan 's 1992 Nekketsu Kakutō Densetsu , Namco 's 1994 The Outfoxies , and Nintendo 's 1999 Super Smash Bros . There are two play modes in the game : story mode and VS. mode . In VS. mode , up to four players can play as the cast of the Hebereke series simultaneously when using an SNES Multitap . The object of the game is to knock out ( KO ) the other three opponents . Each stage is square shaped and has its own environmental hazards and moving objects .
1994 video games
Hebereke
Mobile games
Sunsoft games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video games scored by Naoki Kodaka
Video games developed in Japan
Fighting games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Sugoi Hebereke
Japan-exclusive video games
Nintendo Switch Online SNES games
Senator Fort may refer to :
George Franklin Fort ( 1809–1872 ) , New Jersey State Senate
Greenbury L. Fort ( 1825–1883 ) , Illinois State Senate
Robert Boal Fort ( 1867–1904 ) , Illinois State Senate
Vincent Fort ( born 1956 ) , Georgia State Senate
Moca ethirastis is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922 . It is found in Peru .
The wingspan is 18–22 mm . The forewings are dark fuscous , the basal half irregularly strewn with pale greenish-ochreous scales , two successive darker dashes beneath the costa from the base suffusedly edged with these . A darker transverse mark is found on the end of the cell , partially edged with similar scales , connected with the costa by a suffused group , its lower extremity interrupting a pale greenish-ochreous longitudinal line from one-fourth to two-thirds of the disc . An angulated series of small groups of pale greenish-ochreous scales from two-thirds of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus , some smaller and less distinct groups before the termen . The hindwings are dark grey , in males with a large expanded tuft of long ochreous-whitish hairs from the base lying beneath the forewings and spreading over the disc .
References
Moths described in 1922
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Dinocampus coccinellae is a braconid wasp parasite of coccinellid beetles , including the spotted lady beetle , Coleomegilla maculata . D. coccinellae has been described as turning its ladybird host into a temporary `` zombie '' guarding the wasp cocoon . About 25 % of Coleomegilla maculata recover after the cocoon they are guarding matures , although the proportion of other ladybird species which recover is much lower .
Description
In 1802 , Schrank first described a female adult of this species as `` Lady-bird killer 2155 . Deep black , eyes green ; head , front legs , and apex of the petiolate abdomen mussel-brown . '' ( A petiolate abdomen is one whose basal segment is stalk-like , that is , long and slender . ) Nearly all D. coccinellae are female offspring of unfertilized eggs , although males are also occasionally found . The male , when observed , has no ovipositor and is slimmer and darker than females .
Biology
The mature female wasp seeks out adult female ladybirds , although they will sometimes oviposit into a male adult or larval instar . One egg is planted in the host 's soft underbelly . The wasp larva hatches after 5–7 days into a first instar larva with large mandibles and proceeds to remove any other eggs or larvae before beginning to feed on the ladybird 's fat bodies and gonads .
The wasp larva inside the ladybird goes through four larval instars in 18–27 days . Meanwhile , the ladybird continues to forage and feed until the wasp larva , when it is ready to emerge , paralyzes the ladybird before tunneling out . It pupates in a cocoon attached to the leg of the living ladybird , whose brightly colored body and occasional twitching reduce predation . A growing D. coccinellae wasp nestled in its cocoon is extremely vulnerable , and other insects will devour it . If one of these predators tries to eat it , the ladybird retaliates , scaring it off . The ladybird becomes the parasite 's bodyguard , by protecting it from predators . However , wasp cocoons protected in this way develop into adults that produce fewer eggs , due to the energy demands of maintaining a living protector .
Ladybirds paralyzed , twitching , and attached to the cocoon of D. coccinellae have been compared to zombies by many writers . After 6–9 days , the wasp emerges from the cocoon . Remarkably , some 25 % of ladybirds revive and emerge from paralysis once the cocoon has been emptied . The paralytic effect has been proposed to be associated with an RNA virus , Dinocampus coccinellae paralysis virus .
Ecology
Dinocampus coccinellae can itself be parasitised by Gelis agilis , a hyperparasite that is known for its mimicry of ants . The wingless females of G. agilis oviposit into D. coccinellae cocoons ; the egg immediately hatches and consumes the developing wasp . Cocoons hosting G. agilis usually take twice as long to emerge .
Economic importance
Because one large aphidophagous ladybird can consume up to 5,500 aphids in a year , any ladybird parasite represents a potential threat to agriculture .
References
External links
Photos of Dinocampus coccinellae by Bert Pijs
Braconidae
Insects described in 1802
Mind-altering parasites
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album ( 2017 ) . The song was written by Lipa alongside Lauren Christy and its producer Jon Levine . The song was released for digital download and streaming through Warner Bros. Records on 26August 2016 as the fifth single from the album , and impacted contemporary hit radio as Lipa 's first single in the United States . It is a disco and electropop song with dark moombahton and chambré tropical house elements . The production includes tropical beats , indietronica vocals and sawtooth synths . Lyrically , the song is about being comfortable in one 's own skin .
Several music critics complimented Lipa 's attitude in `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' as well as its message . Some reviewers criticized her vocal performance , specifically as she blows a kiss at the end of the chorus . Commercially , it gave Lipa her second entry on the UK Singles Chart , where it reached number 30 , and her first US Billboard Hot 100 entry , reaching number 72 . It additionally reached the top 40 of charts in the Wallonia region of Belgium , Ireland and Scotland . The song was awarded gold certifications in Italy and the United States as well as platinum ones in Canada and the United Kingdom .
The music video for `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' was directed by Kinga Burza and released on 12September 2016 . It was filmed in London 's Barbican Centre , and features Lipa and her girl gang posing in the area , as well as walking around ; model Tawan Kedkong makes an appearance . According to Lipa , the video is a campaign for niceness . Critics commended the video 's fashion looks . Lipa further promoted the song in 2016 with live performances for BBC Radio 1 's Live Lounge , the Gouden Televizier-Ring Gala , and Today . The song received several remixes , including ones by Alex Metric and Karma Kid , as well as an acoustic version .
Background and release
Dua Lipa co-wrote `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' with Jon Levine and Lauren Christy , with Levine solely handling the production . They wrote it in Los Angeles in February2016 . After working as a model , Lipa was inspired for the song after being told that she needs to lose weight in order to be successful as a model . The collaborators decided to write about being comfortable in one 's own skin . The song was recorded at The Synagogue in Los Angeles , while the vocals were recorded at TaP / Strongroom 7 in London . Serban Ghenea mixed it at MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach , Virginia while it was mastered by Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound in New York .
Lipa announced the release of `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' on 24August 2016 . It was released for digital download and streaming two days later as the fifth single from Dua Lipa , along with the pre-order of the album . The song was sent for radio airplay in Italy on 2September 2016 . The song was released to contemporary hit radio formats in the United States on 20September 2016 as Lipa 's first single in the country . An acoustic version was released on 21October 2016 alongside a remix extended play ( EP ) featuring remixes by Alex Metric , Karma Kid , Night Moves and Black Saint . `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' was included as the opening track on Lipa 's 21April 2017-released The Only EP . It also appears as the sixth track on her debut album , released 2June 2017 .
Music and lyrics
Musically , `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' is a disco and electropop song , with tropical beats alongside dark moombahton and chambré tropical house elements . It runs for 2 minutes and 58 seconds , and has a structure of verse , bridge , chorus , post-chorus , verse , bridge , chorus , post-chorus , breakdown , chorus , post-chorus . The song is composed in time and the key of D minor , with a moderate groove tempo of 109beats per minute and a chord progression of B–Gm–Dm–Csus . Lipa 's vocals were categorized as indietronica and range from A3 to C5 . The lyrics discuss having the upper hand in a relationship and rejecting people who want others to change .
The song begins slowly , with ethereal synths , and echoing tribal drums . The first verse has empowerment themes and sees Lipa being secure with herself , even though at one time she was not . In the bridge , Lipa sings about her desire to pursue music and how people told her she was crazy for it , as well as commenting that people think she has changed but her aspirations have only gotten bigger . The chorus has k-pop sawtooth synths , electro beats and synth-bass hits . Vocally , Lipa blows a kiss at the end of the chorus and half-talks the post-chorus . Lipa describes the chorus as being `` in the heat of an argument , '' lyrically asking someone why they keep coming back to her if they dislike her aspirations and who she is . She eventually states that the person will love her blind , meaning that they have chosen Lipa because they would not want her any other way . The post-chorus sees Lipa wanting to live her life , not needing money or superficial stuff . In the second verse , Lipa addresses the lover , showing that they enjoy the arguments .
Critical reception
Anna Gaca of Spin called the song `` a short , bombastic number '' with `` equal parts club-ready sultriness . '' Idolators Rachel Sonis labeled it `` feisty '' and said that `` it 's playful , bubbly , and a perfect number to serve as her first official single in the US . '' She went on to state that the song `` oozes confidence '' and categorized the beat as `` pulsing '' and `` infectious . '' Mike Nied , also of Idolator , labelled the song a `` flirty bop with a playful message . '' For The Guardian , Graeme Virtue viewed it as `` a slice of futuristic disco that slyly incorporates an actual kiss-off into its chorus '' .
Ben Hogwood of musicOMH viewed `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' as `` a confident declaration of intent '' and `` outright feminine power , '' but criticized Lipa blowing a kiss in the style of Holly Valance , stating the song `` spoils itself '' with that aspect . However , Raúl Guillén of Jenesaispop enjoyed the kiss , writing that it is `` one of those silly details that you can not later get out of your head '' and called the chorus as a whole one of her `` most effective . '' The same website later named it the 73rd best song of 2016 , praising the combination of a `` forceful '' bass and vocal performance as well as calling the chorus `` casual and fresh , '' while concluding by stating the song is `` frankly irresistible . '' In The Line of Best Fit , Claire Biddles categorized the song 's aesthetic as `` high-heeled in a club '' and called it `` the most enticing moments in recent pop . '' Of the same magazine , Laurence Day stated `` it 's fizzing with youthful energy and oozes cheeky joy from every refrain . ''
The staff of billboards called the song `` cheeky '' and stated that it `` impressively showcases her attitude and nuanced voice . '' In Renowned for Sound , Rachael Scarsbrook compared the song to Carly Rae Jepsen and wrote that it `` gets people going . '' She concluded by stating , `` [ t ] here is n't one negative way this track could be perceived . '' For The Guardian , Hannah J Davies called `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' `` unapologetically in-your-face '' as well as `` strong and stylish . '' Alim Kheraj of DIY viewed the song as `` flirtatious , '' but criticized the lack of longevity , writing that it is `` still immensely enjoyable , although over time [ it 's ] lost some of [ its ] glittery sheen . '' Rick Pearson from Evening Standard criticized the song , calling it `` irritating in the extreme . '' `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' won Performance of the Year by an International Artist at the Wish 107.5 Music Awards .
Commercial performance
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' debuted at number50 on the UK Singles Chart issue dated 2September 2016 , becoming Lipa 's second entry on the chart , following `` Hotter than Hell '' ( 2016 ) . In its seventh week , the song reached a peak of number30 and lasted for an additional eight weeks afterwards . In August 2019 , the song was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for selling 600,000 units in the UK . In Ireland , the song debuted at number 75 on the Irish Singles Chart and eventually peaked at number 40 . The song was more successful in Scotland , where it debuted at number 24 on the Scottish Singles Chart and later reached a peak of number 15 . In Belgium , it reached number44 on the Ultratop 50 Flanders chart and number37 on the Ultratop 50 Wallonia chart . The song was awarded a gold certification in Italy from the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana ( FIMI ) for track-equivalent sales of 25,000 units .
The song became Lipa 's third entry on the ARIA Singles Chart of Australia , on which it reached number59 . In the US , `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' became Lipa 's first entry on the Billboard Hot 100 , where it debuted and peaked at number72 on the issue dated 5 November 2016 , though the song only lasted one week . It reached number23 on the Mainstream Top 40 chart and the summit of the Dance Club Songs chart . The song also earned Lipa a spot on Billboards emerging artists of the week dated 2 September 2016 . In June 2018 , the song was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for sales of 500,000 certified units in the US . In Canada , it was awarded a platinum certification from Music Canada ( MC ) for selling 80,000 track-equivalent units . In June 2018 , the song reached number 65 on the South Korean Gaon Music Chart .
Music video
The music video for `` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' premiered via YouTube on 12September 2016 . It was directed by Kinga Burza and filmed at the Barbican Centre in London . Tawan Kedkong , and Lipa 's friends Sarah and Rosie make appearances in the visual . Burza cut the video at his house while on Skype with editor Emilie Aubry in Los Angeles . The production company was Partizan Darkroom while The Mill graded and post-produced the video . Jason Oakley handled the production while Claire Stubbs did the executive production and post-producer from Lucy Mason . Other crew members include production manager Lucy Rogers , first assistant director Dominic Asbridge , second assistant director John Joe O'Driscoll , director of photography Benoit Soler , focus puller Thomas Nicholson , second clapper loaders Jomar O'Meally and Will Gardner , gaffer Rik Burnell , art director Anna Rhodes , wardrobe from Lorenzo Possecco , hair from Anna Cofone , make-up from Francesca Brazzo , colourist Oisín O'Driscoll , commissioner Caroline Clayton , steadicam Richard Lewis and location manager Thomas Gale . When asked about it , Lipa stated that `` the whole video is a campaign for niceness . It 's like the girl gang that everyone can be a part of . ''
The music video opens with Lipa and her girl gang posing against a charcoal wall . Lipa is seen wearing a diamond `` Mwah '' choker and the girls appear in a manner that was noted for being individualistic . They are then seen posing and dancing in the modern Barbican centre , on a bench , in a flower garden and walking around the buildings . The group chews gum and blow bubbles , as well as riding skateboards . They are also seen walking in a tunnel , where Lipa walks backwards while singing to the camera . Eventually , the group holds a pride parade as Lipa sings through a megaphone and the girls are seen holding rainbow flags alongside signs that say `` Dua for President '' and `` You Can Sit With Us '' . At the end , the group go to a roof top on which they dance . The video closes with the group holding a sign with the song 's title on it over the railing of the rooftop .
Nied called the visual a `` fashionable affair '' and a `` simple but striking offering . '' The staff of V viewed the video as a `` walking fashion editorial '' and compared it to Karl Lagerfeld 's Spring 2015 Chanel runway show . For Fuse , Bianca Gracie stated that the `` Mwah '' choker and `` Dua for President '' sign were video highlights . In Coup De Main Magazine , Rose Riddell called it a `` sassy video of solidarity . '' The staff from DIY stated that the video makes London look like a paradise .
Live performances
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' was first performed live during Lipa 's Hotter than Hell Tour ( 2016 ) and was included on regular set lists for the tour . It was also performed live during her Self-Titled Tour ( 2017–18 ) . Lipa performed the song at Capital FM 's Jingle Bell Ball in 2016 and 2017 , respectively , as well as at the Summertime Ball in the latter year . Lipa performed the song on BBC Radio 1 's Live Lounge , released 29September 2016 . On 13October of that year , Lipa performed the song at the Gouden Televizier-Ring Gala in the Netherlands . On 20November 2016 , she performed the song at the Iridium in New York City as part of her MTV Setlist show . She performed the song for American talk show Today on 29November 2016 . Lipa performed the song during a session for her Critics ' Choice Award at the 2017 Brit Awards . The following year , she performed it for a live session with iHeartRadio .
Track listings
Digital download and streaming
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' – 2:58
Contemporary hit radio – radio edit
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' – 2:58
Digital download and streaming – acoustic version
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' [ acoustic ] – 2:39
Digital EP – remixes
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' [ Alex Metric remix ] – 5:00
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' [ Karma Kid remix ] – 3:35
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' [ Night Moves remix ] – 4:09
`` Blow Your Mind ( Mwah ) '' [ Black Saint remix ] – 5:35
Personnel
Dua Lipa vocals
Jon Levine production , engineering , keyboards , Rhodes , bass , guitar , drum programming
Serban Ghenea mixing
John Hanes engineering for mix
Chris Gehringer mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of music videos set in London
List of Billboard Dance Club Songs number ones of 2017
References
External links
Lyrics of this song at Musixmatch
2016 singles
2016 songs
Dua Lipa songs
Songs written by Dua Lipa
Songs written by Jon Levine
Songs written by Lauren Christy
Electropop songs
British disco songs
Warner Records singles
Victor Enrich ( born 1976 in Barcelona ) is a Catalan photographer .
City Portraits ( 2011 )
City Portraits is a series of architectural photographs manipulated to create impossible structures , including a skyscraper split vertically in half , a house turned upside down and a motorway running vertically . Locations include Tel Aviv , Riga and Munich . Enrich said the photographs were not intended as commentary on architecture or urbanism but rather were `` simply chosen to become a channel to express myself '' .
NHDK ( 2013 )
In 2013 Enrich produced NHDK , a series of 88 manipulated photographs of the Deutscher Kaiser hotel in Munich . The images , which all display the building from the same angle , imagine it variously with parts rotated , duplicated , removed and floating in the sky .
References
External links
Official website
Spanish photographers
Architectural photographers
1970s births
Living people
Mark Christensen ( born August 12 , 1957 ) is an American former soccer player who played as a defender .
Career
Christensen played college soccer with Oakland University , and was drafted by Carolina Lightnin ' in the American Soccer League . He played in the North American Soccer League in 1981 with Chicago Sting . In 1983 , he played in the American Soccer League with Detroit Express . In the winter of 1983 he is indoor soccer in the Major Indoor Soccer League with the Buffalo Stallions . In 1984 , he played in the United Soccer League with Fort Lauderdale Sun for two seasons .
He returned to indoor soccer format in 1985 with the Kalamazoo Kangaroos in the American Indoor Soccer Association . The following season he played with Toledo Pride , and served as the team captain . In the summer of 1988 he played abroad in the National Soccer League with Windsor Wheels . He resumed his indoor soccer career in the winter of 1988 as he signed with Dayton Dynamo . In 1989 , he was traded to Memphis Rogues in a four player trade deal . In 1991 , he played in the National Professional Soccer League with Illinois Thunder .
Managerial career
Christensen was named the head coach for the Detroit Wheels in the United States Interregional Soccer League in 1994 .
References
Living people
1960 births
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Chicago Sting ( NASL ) players
Detroit Express ( 1981–1983 ) players
Buffalo Stallions players
Fort Lauderdale Sun players
Kalamazoo Kangaroos players
Toledo Pride players
Dayton Dynamo ( NPSL ) players
Memphis Rogues players
Illinois Thunder players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) players
American Soccer League ( 1933–1983 ) players
United Soccer League ( 1984–85 ) players
American Indoor Soccer Association players
Major Indoor Soccer League ( 1978–1992 ) players
Canadian National Soccer League players
National Professional Soccer League ( 1984–2001 ) players
Association football defenders
This is a list of members of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1823 to 1843 . All members were appointed .
References
Members of New South Wales parliaments by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Telophorus is a genus of bird in the bushshrike family , Malaconotidae .
Extant Species
It contains the following species :
References
Lack , Peter ( 2007 ) ABC African Checklist . Downloaded 18/09/07 .
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sivčina is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 194 inhabitants .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 1952–53 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 42nd since its establishment .
League table
References
1952–53 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Henry R. Moldenhauer ( October 1 , 1855 – April 24 , 1925 ) was an American businessman and politician .
Born in the town of Lebanon , Dodge County , Wisconsin , Moldenhauer went to the parochial and public schools . He grew up on a farm . Moldenhauer was in the general mercantile business , He was also in the dairy and cheese making business . Moldenhauer was also involved with the fire insurance business . From 1901 to 1905 , Moldenhauer served in the Wisconsin State Assembly . Moldenhauer died from cancer at his home in Watertown , Wisconsin .
Notes
1855 births
1925 deaths
People from Lebanon , Dodge County , Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
People from Watertown , Wisconsin
Shaun Patrick Livingston ( born September 11 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball executive and former player . Livingston entered the league directly out of high school and was selected fourth by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 2004 NBA draft . In a 15 year professional career in the league , Livingston played 959 games for nine teams and won three NBA championships as a Golden State Warrior—in 2015 , 2017 and 2018 . In 2007 , Livingston suffered a debilitating knee injury that damaged almost every part of his left knee . It took him about a year and a half to return . Between 2008 and 2010 he played only 22 league games . Livingston has played for the Miami Heat , Oklahoma City Thunder , Washington Wizards , Charlotte Bobcats , Milwaukee Bucks , Cleveland Cavaliers , Brooklyn Nets , and Tulsa 66ers . He played his last five seasons in the league with the Warriors and retired from professional basketball in September 2019 .
Early years
Livingston was born in Peoria , Illinois . He led Concordia Lutheran Grade School to LSA state titles in 1999 and 2000 . Livingston played competitive basketball in high school at Richwoods High School for two years and then transferred to Peoria Central High School , where he led his team to back-to-back Class AA state titles in 2003 and 2004 .
In 2004 , he was named Illinois Mr. Basketball and played in the McDonald 's All-American Game . In 2007 , Livingston was voted one of the 100 Legends of the IHSA Boys Basketball Tournament for his superior performance in the tournament . Considered a five-star recruit by Rivals.com , Livingston was listed as the No . 1 point guard and the No . 2 player in the nation in 2004 . He committed to play college hoops at Duke , but opted instead to make the jump to the NBA straight out of high school .
Professional career
Los Angeles Clippers ( 2004–2008 )
Livingston committed to Duke , but opted to skip college and enter the 2004 NBA Draft where he was selected fourth by the Los Angeles Clippers . He was and was considered to be tall by point guard standards and due to the addition of Sam Cassell to the Clippers ' roster , gained playing time as a shooting guard instead . Livingston recorded a career-high 14 assists on February 23 , 2007 , against the Golden State Warriors .
In his first two NBA seasons , he played 91 games and averaged 6.3 points per game . In his third season , he averaged a career-high 9.3 points per game , being one of the few Clippers to improve from the 2005–06 season . In a game against the Charlotte Bobcats on February 26 , 2007 , Livingston suffered a debilitating knee injury , dislocating his left kneecap after landing awkwardly following a missed layup , resulting in the left leg snapping laterally . Livingston injured almost every part of his knee , tearing the anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) , the posterior cruciate ligament ( PCL ) , and the lateral meniscus , badly spraining his medial collateral ligament ( MCL ) , and dislocating his patella and his tibio-fibular joint . Livingston was told by a medical professional at the hospital that there was a chance that his leg would have to be amputated . He required months of rehabilitation to be able to walk again . Livingston was also riddled by injuries during the first three years of his professional career , and missed 101 of 246 regular season games .
Miami Heat ( 2008–2009 )
Livingston 's contract with the Clippers expired after the 2007–08 season , and the Clippers did not make Livingston a $ 5.8 million qualifying offer , making him an unrestricted free agent . On June 16 , 2008 , doctors allowed Livingston to resume basketball activities ; during the 2008 offseason , he tried to find a guaranteed contract to finalize his comeback . The Minnesota Timberwolves and Portland Trail Blazers were interested , but it was reported he eventually signed a two-year deal with the Miami Heat on October 3 , 2008 . In 4 games with the Heat , he averaged 2.3 points and 10.3 minutes .
Tulsa 66ers ( 2009 )
On January 7 , 2009 , Livingston was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies along with cash considerations for a conditional 2012 second-round pick . He was then waived later that same day . On March 7 , 2009 , Livingston signed with the Tulsa 66ers , the NBA development league team owned by the Oklahoma City Thunder .
Oklahoma City Thunder ( 2009 )
After three weeks with the 66ers , Livingston signed a multi-year deal with the Thunder on March 31 , 2009 . On December 22 , 2009 , Livingston was waived by the Thunder .
Washington Wizards ( 2010 )
On February 26 , 2010 , Livingston signed the first of his two 10-day contracts with the Washington Wizards . He was then signed by the Wizards for the remainder of the season .
Charlotte Bobcats ( 2010–2011 )
On July 20 , 2010 , Livingston signed a two-year contract worth $ 7 million with the Charlotte Bobcats .
Milwaukee Bucks ( 2011–2012 )
On June 23 , 2011 , Livingston was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks as part of a three-way deal that included the Sacramento Kings and Charlotte Bobcats .
Return to Washington ( 2012 )
On June 26 , 2012 , Livingston was traded to the Houston Rockets for Samuel Dalembert along with teammates Jon Leuer and Jon Brockman . Before the beginning of the season , however , they were all waived . On November 15 , 2012 , Livingston signed with the Washington Wizards . He was waived by the Wizards on December 23 , 2012 .
Cleveland Cavaliers ( 2012–2013 )
On December 25 , 2012 , the Cleveland Cavaliers claimed Livingston off waivers after releasing Donald Sloan . Livingston made his debut for the Cavaliers on January 2 , 2013 , recording two points , two rebounds , and one assist in 13 minutes of action off the bench .
Brooklyn Nets ( 2013–2014 )
On July 11 , 2013 , Livingston signed with the Brooklyn Nets . His season-high of 23 points came in a 98-108 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers on November 18 , 2013 . Initially billed as a backup , Livingston performed well enough to join Deron Williams in the starting lineup following a season-ending injury to Brook Lopez . With Livingston on the floor , the Nets proved to be 8.5 points per 100 possessions better defensively , and he earned the third-most minutes on the team . On March 17 , Livingston set a career-high for both minutes played and points scored in a season . At the end of the season Livingston had played in a career-high 76 games ( beating a previous high of 54 games ) and averaged 8.3 points , 3.2 assists , and 1.2 steals per game .
Golden State Warriors ( 2014–2019 )
On July 11 , 2014 , Livingston signed with the Golden State Warriors for a reported three-year , $ 16 million contract . On August 15 , 2014 , he was ruled out for six to eight weeks after having arthroscopic surgery on the big toe of his right foot . He recovered in time to make his debut for the team in their season opener , and served as a key player off the bench for the Warriors in their run to the 2015 NBA Championship and soon became an integral member of the Warriors dynasty .
In 2015–16 , Livingston helped the Warriors win an NBA record 73 games to eclipse the 72 wins set by the 1995–96 Chicago Bulls . During Game 4 of the 2016 Western Conference semi-finals , Livingston was ejected late in the second quarter against the Portland Trail Blazers . He had moved into the starting lineup to accommodate for the injured Stephen Curry . In the Western Conference Finals , the Warriors overcame a 3–1 deficit to defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder in seven games and advance to the 2016 NBA Finals . In Game 1 of the NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers , Livingston scored a playoff career-high 20 points , leading the Warriors to a 104–89 win . Despite the Warriors going up 3–1 in the series following a Game 4 win , they went on to lose the series in seven games to the Cleveland Cavaliers .
In 2016–17 , Livingston helped the Warriors win the NBA Championship after defeating the Cavaliers 4–1 in the 2017 NBA Finals .
On July 25 , 2017 , Livingston re-signed with the Warriors on a three-year , $ 24 million contract . Livingston helped the Warriors win back-to-back titles in 2018 after defeating the Cavaliers in a four-game sweep in the Finals
In 2019 , he played in his fifth straight NBA Finals , where the Warriors lost to the Toronto Raptors in six games . On July 10 , 2019 , Livingston was waived by the Warriors . He went unsigned during free agency .
Retirement
On September 13 , 2019 , Livingston announced his retirement from the NBA . In a post , he stated : `` After 15 years in the NBA , I 'm excited , sad , fortunate and grateful all in one breath . Hard to put into a caption all of the emotions it takes to try and accomplish your dreams . ''
Post-playing career
On September 15 , 2020 , the Golden State Warriors announced that they had named Livingston as director of players affairs and engagement . He won his fourth NBA championship after the Warriors defeated the Boston Celtics in six games in the 2022 NBA Finals .
Personal life
Livingston is a Lutheran . In April 2016 , he donated $ 1 million to his former grade school , Concordia Lutheran School , in Peoria , Illinois .
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | L.A. Clippers
| 30 || 15 || 27.1 || .414 || .000 || .746 || 3.0 || 5.0 || 1.1 || .4 || 7.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | L.A. Clippers
| 61 || 14 || 25.0 || .427 || .125 || .688 || 3.0 || 4.5 || .8 || .5 || 5.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | L.A. Clippers
| 54 || 31 || 29.8 || .463 || .313 || .707 || 3.4 || 5.1 || 1.1 || .5 || 9.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Miami
| 4 || 0 || 10.3 || .375 || .000 || .750 || .5 || 1.0 || .5 || .0 || 2.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Oklahoma City
| 8 || 1 || 23.8 || .538 || .000 || 1.000 || 3.3 || 2.0 || .6 || .3 || 7.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Oklahoma City
| 10 || 0 || 13.0 || .313 || .000 || .000 || 2.0 || 1.3 || .5 || .2 || 1.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Washington
| 26 || 18 || 25.6 || .535 || .000 || .875 || 2.2 || 4.5 || .5 || .3 || 9.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Charlotte
| 73 || 0 || 17.3 || .466 || .250 || .864 || 2.0 || 2.2 || .6 || .4 || 6.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Milwaukee
| 58 || 27 || 18.8 || .469 || .667 || .785 || 2.1 || 2.1 || .5 || .3 || 5.5
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Washington
| 17 || 4 || 18.8 || .364 || .000 || 1.000 || 2.2 || 2.2 || .6 || .1 || 3.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Cleveland
| 49 || 12 || 23.2 || .507 || .000 || .843 || 2.5 || 3.6 || .8 || .6 || 7.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Brooklyn
| 76 || 54 || 26.0 || .483 || .167 || .827 || 3.2 || 3.2 || 1.2 || .4 || 8.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' | †
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 78 || 2 || 18.8 || .500 || .000 || .714 || 2.2 || 3.3 || .6 || .3 || 5.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 78 || 3 || 19.5 || .536 || .167 || .860 || 2.2 || 3.0 || .7 || .3 || 6.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |†
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 76 || 3 || 17.7 || .547 || .333 || .700 || 2.0 || 1.8 || .5 || .3 || 5.1
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |†
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 71 || 7 || 15.9 || .501 || .000 || .820 || 1.8 || 2.0 || .5 || .3 || 5.5
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 64 || 0 || 15.1 || .519 || .000 || .784 || 1.8 || 1.8 || .5 || .4 || 4.0
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan=2| Career
| 833 || 191 || 20.6 || .486 || .178 || .794 || 2.4 || 3.0 || .7 || .4 || 6.3
Playoffs
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2006
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | L.A. Clippers
| 12 || 0 || 27.7 || .474 || 1.000 || .810 || 4.7 || 4.8 || .6 || .5 || 7.5
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2014
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Brooklyn
| 12 || 10 || 27.1 || .512 || 1.000 || .730 || 3.5 || 3.3 || .4 || .4 || 9.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' | 2015†
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 21 || 0 || 17.9 || .532 || .000 || .840 || 2.4 || 1.8 || .4 || .2 || 5.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2016
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 24 || 7 || 21.4 || .488 || .000 || .865 || 3.2 || 3.3 || .5 || .2 || 8.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' | 2017†
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 14 || 0 || 15.7 || .576 || .000 || .714 || 2.1 || 1.4 || .4 || .1 || 5.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' | 2018†
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 21 || 0 || 17.2 || .536 || .000 || .880 || 2.2 || 1.5 || .3 || .0 || 6.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Golden State
| 22 || 2 || 14.6 || .453 || .000 || .840 || 1.4 || 1.4 || .5 || .2 || 4.0
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan=2| Career
| 126 || 19 || 19.4 || .507 || .286 || .819 || 2.6 || 2.4 || .4 || .2 || 6.4
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American Lutherans
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Illinois
Brooklyn Nets players
Charlotte Bobcats players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Golden State Warriors players
Los Angeles Clippers draft picks
Los Angeles Clippers players
McDonald 's High School All-Americans
Miami Heat players
Milwaukee Bucks players
National Basketball Association high school draftees
Oklahoma City Thunder players
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
Point guards
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Peoria , Illinois
Tulsa 66ers players
Washington Wizards players
Pulya ( , Bullet ) is the first album by the Russian ska-punk band Leningrad .
Track listing
`` Я так люблю тебя '' - Ya tak lyublyu tebya ( I Love You So Much ) – 2:53
`` Таблетка '' - Tabletka ( Pill ) – 4:19
`` Таня '' - Tanya ( Russian feminine name ) – 2:29
`` Лёля '' - Lyolya ( Russian feminine name ) – 2:40
`` Любовь '' - Lyubov ( Love , or Russian feminine name as well ) – 2:31
`` Пуля '' - Pulya ( Bullet ) – 2:20
`` Матросы '' - Matrosy ( Sailors ) – 2:25
`` Света '' - Sveta ( Russian feminine name ) - 2:06
`` Звёзды и Луна '' - Zvyozdy i Luna ( Stars and Moon ) – 3:35
`` Люба '' - Lyuba ( Russian girl 's name ) – 2:36
`` Давай-давай '' - Davay-davay ( Let 's Go ) – 2:00
`` Катюха '' - Katyukha ( Russian feminine name ) – 2:45
`` Айседора '' - Aysedora ( Yet another Russian feminine name ) – 1:58
`` Письма '' - Pisma ( Letters ) – 2:35
`` Зенит '' - Zenit ( FC Zenit St. Petersburg ) – 3:11
`` Танцы '' - Tantsy ( Dance ) – 1:17
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
1999 albums
Leningrad ( band ) albums
In the entertainment industry , a summer hit is a song that is released and peaks in its popularity during summer . In some years , a single pop song will gain widespread international popularity during the summer season , becoming that summer 's definitive summer hit in many countries . Many of the best-known summer hits emerge from outside the British and American pop music industries .
The equivalent of summer hit in France is the tube de l'été ( summer tube ) , an expression that exists since 1960s which became more commercially used by the late 1990s .
Examples
In the US
1958 : `` Nel Blu Dipinto Di Blu ( Volare ) '' – Domenico Modugno
2019 : `` Old Town Road '' by Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus ; `` Señorita '' by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello
Worldwide
1989 : `` Lambada '' by Kaoma
2019 : `` Bad Guy '' by Billie Eilish ( Russia ) ; `` Con Altura '' by Rosalía , J Balvin and El Guincho ( Hispanic countries )
See also
Song of the summer
References
Summer
Popular music
Popular culture
Musical terminology
Song forms
Recorded music
One human poll comprised the 1948 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . The Coaches ' Poll began operation in 1950 ; in addition , the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year .
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 29 , at the end of the regular season , weeks before the major bowls . The AP did not release a January final poll regularly until the 1968 season ( January 1969 ) .
References
College football rankings
Statistics of Guam League in the 1994 season .
Overview
Tumon Taivon won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Çalaman is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 52 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Sidi Abdelmoula Mosque ( Arabic : جامع سيدي عبد المولى ) is one of the old mosques of the medina of Sfax .
Location
The mosque is located in the southern part of the medieval city , near El Ajouzine Mosque . It can be reached through three different streets : The Great Mosque 's street in the west , El Andalus street and El Issaouiya street in the north .
History
Comparing to the other mosques of the medina , Sidi Abdelmoula mosque is considered as a modern one . It is the result of joining two small neighboring prayer rooms : Sidi Abelmoula Siala 's and Mohamed El Saffar 's . Between 1936 and 1937 , it underwent extension works by joining another adjacent house , in order to be able to host the Friday prayer ( called Jumaa in Arabic ) .
Description
The building is currently composed of a rectangular prayer room with four naves with a marble decorated a mihrab for the imam to lead the prayers . It has also its own minaret in the northern entrance with a maghrebin style .
References
Mosques in Sfax
Vondell Darr Wilson ( April 18 , 1919 – September 10 , 2012 ) was an American actress . She achieved success in the late 1920s as a child actor and later played bit parts in her adult years . Her last role was in The Chocolate Soldier in 1941 . Darr died on September 10 , 2012 .
Partial filmography
The City That Never Sleeps ( 1924 ) - Baby Molly
One Glorious Night ( 1924 ) - Mary
Border Vengeance ( 1925 ) - Bumps Jackson
The Pony Express ( 1925 ) - Baby
The Golden Cocoon ( 1925 )
The Blind Goddess ( 1926 )
Silence ( 1926 ) - Flower girl
On Trial ( 1928 ) - Doris Strickland
The Dummy ( 1929 ) - Peggy Meredith
That Certain Age ( 1938 ) - Friend
Andy Hardy Gets Spring Fever ( 1939 ) - Prompter ( uncredited )
Scouts to the Rescue ( 1939 ) - Mary Scanlon
Strike Up the Band ( 1940 ) - Indian Love Lyrics Student ( uncredited )
Little Nellie Kelly ( 1940 ) - Girl Dancing with Boy at Dance ( uncredited )
More Trifles of Importance ( 1941 ) ( short ) - Patient
Men of Boys Town ( 1941 ) - Agnes , Whitey 's Marysport Dance Partner ( uncredited )
The Chocolate Soldier ( 1941 ) - Autograph Seeker ( uncredited )
Personal life
Vondell Darr was born in Los Angeles Ralph Darr and Homa Dupree Darr . She met her husband , Fred Wilson , in high school , and the pair lived in Encino , Rancho Mirage and Lake Arrowhead during their marriage . The couple had three children .
References
External links
American silent film actresses
American child actresses
1919 births
2012 deaths
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American women
Jutland is a peninsula that comprises the mainland part of Denmark and part of northern Germany .
Jutland may also refer to :
Jutland , New Jersey , an unincorporated community in the United States
Jutland horse , a horse breed
Battle of Jutland , a World War I naval battle
Jutland ( board game ) , a 1967 Battle of Jutland wargame published by Avalon Hill
Jutland ( video game ) , a 2006 Battle of Jutland naval strategy game
See also
Jylland ( ship ) , a Danish steam frigate
The 1982 Haringey Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
| }
Ward results
Alexandra
Archway
Bowes Park
Bruce Grove
Coleraine
Crouch End
Terence O'Sullivan was a sitting councillor for Noel Park ward .
Fortis Green
Green Lanes
Harringay
High Cross
Highgate
Hornsey Central
Hornsey Vale
Muswell Hill
Noel Park
Park
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
South Tottenham
Donald Billingsley was a sitting councillor for Bruce Grove ward .
Tottenham Central
George Meehan was a sitting councillor for Green Lanes ward .
West Green
White Hart Lane
Woodside
Frederick Neuner was a sitting councillor for Bowes Park ward .
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Promicrogaster is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are more than 40 described species in Promicrogaster , found throughout most of the world .
Species
These 46 species belong to the genus Promicrogaster :
Promicrogaster alexmartinezi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster andreyvallejosi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster apharea Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster apidanus ( Nixon , 1965 )
Promicrogaster brandondinartei Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster briareus ( Nixon , 1965 )
Promicrogaster cara Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster conopiae ( Watanabe , 1934 )
Promicrogaster daniellopezi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster daretrizoi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster eddycastroi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster eimyobandoae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster emesa ( Nixon , 1965 )
Promicrogaster erigone Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster fabiancastroi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster fabriciocambroneroi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster floridakeys Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster gainesvillensis Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster grandicula ( Wilkinson , 1929 )
Promicrogaster hillaryvillafuerteae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster huachuca Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster jaymeae Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster kevinmartinezi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster kiralycastilloae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster leilycastilloae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster liagrantae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster luismendezi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster madreanensis Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster merella Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster miranda Muesebeck , 1958
Promicrogaster monteverdensis Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster munda Muesebeck , 1958
Promicrogaster naomiduarteae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster orsedice ( Nixon , 1965 )
Promicrogaster polyporicola Muesebeck , 1958
Promicrogaster prater Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster repleta ( Papp , 1990 )
Promicrogaster rondeau Fernandez-Triana , 2019
Promicrogaster ronycastilloi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster sebastiancambroneroi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster spilopterus Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster sterope Nixon , 1965
Promicrogaster terebrator Brues & Richardson , 1913
Promicrogaster tracyvindasae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault , 2016
Promicrogaster typhon ( Nixon , 1965 )
Promicrogaster virginiana Fernandez-Triana , 2019
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
William Carey University is located in Shillong in Meghalaya , India . Established by the Gazette of Meghalaya No . 76 William Carey Act 2005 , authorising ACTS to establish the William Carey University It is named after the Baptist missionary William Carey.William Carey University is committed primarily to higher education .
References
University Contact List as per UGC
2005 establishments in Meghalaya
Universities and colleges in Meghalaya
Educational institutions established in 2005
Private universities in India
West English River Provincial Park is a provincial park in Kenora District , Ontario , Canada . It spans along the English River from Barnston Lake to Tide Lake and also includes all the shores and waters of Wegg , Goose , Wilcox , Unexpected , Oak , and Maynard Lakes . The park 's notable features include old growth red and white pine stands at the northern extent of their range , and migmatites that are provincially-significant examples of metatexitic and diatexitic metasedimentary rocks . It borders on Tide Lake and Maynard Lake Provincial Nature Reserves .
It can be accessed via Highway 671 and Highway 804 .
Flora and fauna are mostly typical of the southern boreal forest . Almost half of the park 's forests consist of fir-spruce mixedwood . 307 vascular plant species have been identified , of which 18 are provincially rare species . 16 species of mammals , 76 birds , 5 amphibians , 2 reptiles , and 18 odonates have been found , including the following 6 provincially-rare species : woodland caribou , bald eagle , American white pelican , elusive clubtail , Williamson 's emerald , and lake sturgeon . Predominant fish species in the park are bass , ciscoes , mooneye , muskellunge , perch , pike , sauger , and walleye .
The river inside this park is affected by 2 dams ( Manitou Dam and Caribou Falls Dam ) that have an unnatural flow regime with a water level peak in October ( typically peak is in May for unregulated rivers ) . This has probably had a negative impact on vegetation , wildlife , and shoreline erosion . The lakes , making up 66 % of the park 's area , are mesotrophic and relatively turbid .
It is a non-operating park without any facilities or services , but there are some commercial outfitters on Unexpected and Maynard Lakes . The park can be used for recreational activities such as boating , backcountry camping , canoeing , fishing , hiking , swimming , and hunting .
See also
East English River Provincial Park – provincial park to the east on the same river
References
Provincial parks of Ontario
Parks in Kenora District
In April 2019 in Sheremetyevo International Airport , Russian authorities arrested Israeli-American Naama Issachar ( ) , a transit passenger flying from India to Israel , for alleged drug smuggling after some 10 grams of marijuana or hashish were found in her bag during a stopover in Moscow . On 11 October 2019 a Russian court sentenced her to seven and a half years in prison on drug possession and smuggling charges .
Issachar 's family and Israeli officials said that Russia told them she would be released if Aleksey Burkov ( ) , a Russian national pending extradition from Israel to the United States on suspicion of committing cyber crimes , was released to Russia . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu subsequently personally requested from Russian President Vladimir Putin a pardon for Issachar , which Putin said he would consider . Israel 's High Court ultimately rejected Burkov 's appeal against his extradition , leading Russia to condemn the decision as `` a breach ... of Israel 's international obligations '' , stating that the decision `` does not contribute to the development of [ Russian-Israeli ] relations '' .
On 19 October 2019 rallies were held in Tel Aviv and in New York City calling for Issachar 's release . Billboards were put up in Israel calling on Putin to `` please bring Naama home . ''
In December 2019 , the Israeli Justice Ministry transferred the historical in Jerusalem to the Putin-allied Imperial Orthodox Palestine Society from the competing Imperial Orthodox Palestine Historic Society , which many commentators linked to negotiating Issachar 's release .
On 29 January 2020 President Putin signed her pardon . Her attorney previously noted that no convicted foreigner was ever pardoned by a Russian President before .
See also
Israel–Russia relations
Ilan Grapel affairhttps : //www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/brittney-griner-american-israeli-woman-was-held-russian-prison-cannabi-rcna37938
Brittney Griner - an American citizen detained in Russia on similar charges
Further reading
References
External links
The official site of the headquarters for Naama 's liberation ( English , Hebrew , Russian )
Israel–Russia relations
2019 in Israel
2019 in Russia
2020 in Israel
2020 in Russia
2020 crimes in Russia
Grant Napear ( born June 18 , 1959 ) is an American radio personality who currently hosts his own podcast If You Do n't Like That With Grant Napear . Before this he hosted The Grant Napear Show , at KHTK Sports 1140 in Sacramento , California where he was fired for tweeting `` all lives matter '' during the George Floyd protest . He was also the play-by-play announcer for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , but resigned . He has been a guest host on The Jim Rome Show .
A section of Napear 's radio show was `` Grant 's Rant '' , in which he furiously exclaims into the microphone about everyday things that irritate him , such as obese passengers on airplanes , stop lights at freeway on-ramps , and people asking him if he 's ready for Christmas during the holidays . His signature phrase `` If you do n't like that , you do n't like NBA basketball ” became a household reference among Kings fans , and NBA fans in general .
Early life
Born in Syosset , New York , Napear graduated from Syosset High School in 1977 and earned his academic degree in broadcast journalism from Bowling Green University , where he also played lacrosse .
Broadcasting history
1977–1981 : Football , basketball and hockey play-by-play announcer for Bowling Green University
1985–1987 : Weekend sports anchor , WAND , Decatur , IL ( No Contract )
1987–1995 : Sports director for KRBK-TV/KPWB ( now KMAX-TV ) Channel 31 , Sacramento California ( Fired )
1988–2020 : Sacramento Kings play-by-play television announcer ( Resigned )
1992–1994 : Play-by-play announcer for the Sacramento Gold Miners ( Contract Ended )
1995–1998 : Sacramento Kings play-by-play radio announcer ( KHTK ) ( Fired )
2000–2015 : play-by-play announcer for the San Jose Sabercats ( Contract Expired )
2003 : Oakland Raiders preseason television announcer ( Fired )
2011–2012 : Sacramento Mountain Lions play-by-play announcer Source ( Contract Expired )
2020–present : If You Do n't Like That With Grant Napear podcast
Views on race
Napear has been accused of racism by former players for the Sacramento Kings and has come under fire for defending Donald Sterling , the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers banned from the NBA after making racist remarks . On May 31 , 2020 , after the start of the George Floyd protests , Napear was placed on leave by KHTK after he responded on Twitter to former Kings ' player DeMarcus Cousins ' question regarding Black Lives Matter with the phrase `` All lives matter '' . Two days later , the station announced that they had fired Napear , and he announced he had resigned from his TV position with the Kings .
References
External links
Sacramento Kings Broadcasters Bios
A King 's Story - Grant Napear is Living His Dream
United Football League broadcasters
1959 births
Living people
College basketball announcers in the United States
College football announcers
American sports radio personalities
American television sports announcers
Sacramento Kings announcers
Oakland Raiders announcers
San Jose Sharks announcers
Arena football announcers
Canadian Football League announcers
Bowling Green State University alumni
People from Syosset , New York
People from El Dorado Hills , California
Syosset High School alumni
The is an electric multiple unit ( EMU ) train type operated in Japan by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway since 1989 .
Formations
As of 1 April 2012 , the fleet consists of 84 vehicles formed as five 8-car sets , four 6+2-car sets , and two 6-car sets which normally run coupled with 2-car 7300 series sets .
8-car sets
The `` Mc1 '' and `` M1 '' cars are each fitted with two scissors-type pantographs .
The `` Mc1 '' and `` M1 '' cars of set 8315 are each fitted with two single-arm pantographs .
Sets from 8303 onward have a modified front end design .
2+6-car sets
The `` Mc1 '' and `` M1 '' cars are each fitted with two scissors-type pantographs .
2+6-car mixed 7300/8300 series sets
The `` Mc '' , `` Mc1 '' , and `` M1 '' cars are each fitted with two scissors-type pantographs .
Interior
Passenger accommodation consists of longitudinal bench seating throughout .
References
Electric multiple units of Japan
8300 series
Train-related introductions in 1989
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
Alna Koki rolling stock
The Test was a feature greyhound competition inaugurated at Walthamstow in 1941 .
The race was originally raced over a stayers distance before increasing to a marathon distance .
It then reverted to its original distance in 1979 . The race came to an end following the closure of Walthamstow in 2008 . Winners included the legendary Ballyregan Bob .
Past winners
Venue and distances
1945–1968 ( Walthamstow 700 yards )
1969–1974 ( Walthamstow 880 yards )
1975–1977 ( Walthamstow 820 metres )
1976 & 1978 ( Not run )
1979–2008 ( Walthamstow 640 metres )
Discontinued
Sponsors
1984-1984 E Coomes Bookmakers
1994-1995 Carling Black Label
2001-2005 Stuart Lambert Bookmakers
2006-2006 William Hill Casino
2007-2008 The Duffy Group Ltd
References
Greyhound racing competitions in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 1941
Recurring events disestablished in 2008
Sport in the London Borough of Waltham Forest
Greyhound racing in London
The Shakertown Pledge is a written oath created to draw attention to the inequality of worldwide wealth distribution . It was written on April 30 , 1973 , in a town near Lexington , Kentucky , which was historically connected to the Shaker Movement . The Pledge itself was a response to the inequality of distribution of global wealth and resources , and called for group action by Christians to rectify the problem .
The text of the oath is as follows :
Recognizing that Earth and the fullness thereof is a gift from our gracious God , and that we are called to cherish , nurture , and provide loving stewardship for Earth 's resources , and recognizing that life itself is a gift , and a call to responsibility , joy , and celebration , I make the following declarations :
I declare myself a world citizen .
I commit myself to lead an ecologically sound life .
I commit myself to lead a life of creative simplicity and to share my personal wealth with the world 's poor .
I commit myself to join with others in the reshaping of institutions in order to bring about a more just global society in which all people have full access to the needed resources for their physical , emotional , intellectual , and spiritual growth .
I commit myself to occupational accountability , and so doing I will seek to avoid the creation of products which cause harm to others .
I affirm the gift of my body and commit myself to its proper nourishment and physical wellbeing .
I commit myself to examine continually my relations with others and to attempt to relate honestly , morally , and lovingly to those around me .
I commit myself to personal renewal through prayer , meditation , and study .
I commit myself to responsible participation in a community of faith .
See also
Social justice
Evangelical Left
References
Christian ethics
1973 documents
Golcar is a village and an unparished area in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees , West Yorkshire , England . Golcar ward contains 165 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , two are listed at Grade II * , the middle of the three grades , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade . The ward is to the west of the town of Huddersfield and contains the village of Golcar and the surrounding area , including the districts of Cowlersley , Longwood , and Milnsbridge . During the 19th century the area became involved in the woollen textile industry and the listed buildings surviving from this are mills and weavers ' cottages , the latter forming a large part of this list . The textile industry was supported by the Huddersfield Narrow Canal and the River Colne that run through the ward , and the listed buildings associated with these are bridges , an aqueduct , a canal basin , and a milestone . The other listed buildings include houses , cottages and associated structures , farmhouses and farm buildings , church and chapels and associated structures , weavers ' cottages converted into a museum , two railway viaducts , a drinking trough , a public house , schools , and a row of tenter posts .
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Aprophata aurorana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Vives in 2009 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2009
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County , Arkansas .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County , Arkansas , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a map .
There are 352 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 5 National Historic Landmarks . The 85 properties and districts that are located outside of Little Rock ( including one National Historic Landmark ) are listed here , while the sites in Little Rock are listed separately . Another 25 properties in the county have been removed , including 6 outside Little Rock .
Current listings
Little Rock
Exclusive of Little Rock
| }
Former listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Arkansas
References
Pulaski
Albert Fenimore Rockwell ( April 8 , 1862 - February 16 , 1925 ) was an American inventor , manufacturer , industrialist , and philanthropist . He was the founder of the New Departure Manufacturing Company , which later became a division of General Motors . Rockwell was also the founder of the Yellow Taxicab Company of New York , president of the American Silver Company , and owner of Marlin Firearms , which manufactured Marlin-Rockwell machine guns and automatic rifles during the First World War .
Biography
Early life
Albert Rockwell was born to Fidelia Locke Rockwell and Leander Rockwell in Woodhull , New York . He had three brothers , Frank ; Edward ; and George , and one sister , Mae .
Industrialist
Rockwell and his brother Edward moved to Bristol in 1888 and founded the New Departure Bell Company . In 1901 , the company was renamed New Departure Manufacturing Company .
Philanthropist
In 1911 , Rockwell donated 80 acres of land adjoining his Brightwood Hall residence for the construction of Rockwell Park , which was the city 's only public park until 1933 . Rockwell donated an additional 15 acres in 1920 for a playground in the park .
In 1919 , Rockwell donated 12 acres of undeveloped land , formerly known as Dunbar Meadows , to the city of Bristol for the construction of a new high school , athletic fields , and tennis courts , as well as a roadway leading into the city 's downtown . Rockwell had been strongly influenced by both the Beaux-Arts European beautification style and “ The City Beautiful Movement , ” which both stressed ornamental landscape design , aesthetic physical design , and wide grand avenues . He donated 50 % of the construction costs and accepted a non-paid position as supervising head of the operation . Pin oak trees , financed by Albert F. Rockwell , were planted on both sides of the boulevard to honor each Bristol resident who had died in the service of his country .
On January 30 , 1923 the formal opening of the Memorial Boulevard School took place with Albert Rockwell , Mayor John F. Wade , Board of Ed . Chairman Noble Pierce , Principal Henry Cottle , Former Mayor Joseph F. Dutton , Judge R.S . Newell , and over three thousand audience members in attendance . In his speech , Chairman Pierce stated , “ The Honor of the city will dwell here ; this building will give fame and glory to the city . It will hold here , and attract here , citizens of the very best class . It adds strength to all businesses and value to all property , every farm is richer , every piece of real estate in the city is worth more . The business of every merchant will be better . Relations between labor and capital in our manufactories will be more harmonious , the churches will be stronger and life in this city richer and better because of this building . ”
Politics
Rockwell represented Bristol in the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1907 and 1909 .
Family
Rockwell 's first marriage was to Nettie Louise Beebe , with whom he had three children : Bernice Louise ; Leander Waite ; and Hugh Monroe . He later married Nettie Williams Brown .
His son Hugh M. Rockwell ( 1890-1957 ) was an early Connecticut aviator and the co-inventor of the Rockwell Hardness Tester , a standard fixture in metallurgical laboratories around the world since the 1920s .
Residence
In 1911 , Rockwell purchased Brightwood Hall in Bristol , a 21-room gothic stone mansion designed in the spirit of an English manor house . Following his death in 1925 , the property was sold for development and the building 's stone , marble , and bronze was used to construct St. Ann 's Roman Catholic Church in New Britain .
References
1862 births
1925 deaths
19th-century American inventors
20th-century American inventors
I Love the Night may refer to :
`` I Love the Night '' , a song on Blue Öyster Cult 's 1977 album Spectres
`` I Love the Night '' , a song on Joe Cocker 's 1984 album Civilized Man
`` The Ecstasy of Flight ( I Love the Night ) '' , a song on Chris de Burgh 's 1984 album Man on the Line
See also
`` Love the Night '' , a stage piece by American playwright and actor Richard Vetere
`` I Love the Nightlife '' , a 1978 song by Alicia Bridges
`` Live the Night '' , a 2016 single by W & W and Hardwell
Celaque may refer to :
Celaque National Park , a national park in Honduras
Cordillera de Celaque , a mountain range and escarpment in Honduras
Montaña Celaque or Pico de Celaque , the highest peak in the Cordillera de Celaque and the highest elevation in Honduras , also known as Cerro Las Minas
Bolitoglossa celaque , a species of salamander endemic to Honduras
Isobel Atterbury Heath ( 29 December 1908 – 1989 ) was a British artist and poet active in the St Ives area of Cornwall .
Biography
Heath was born in Kingston Upon Hull . Little is known of her childhood but later in life she indicated that her father had been a chemist and that she had been educated by nuns . Heath studied at the Académie Colarossi in Paris before , in the late 1930s , taking classes at the school of painting run by Leonard Fuller in St Ives . During World War II Heath worked as an illustrator for the Ministry of Information , painting and drawing workers in ordinance factories and at a camouflage factory in St Ives . During the war , she also made pencil drawings of British and American troops stationed in Cornwall . She was given permission to record naval subjects and also spent time at the Spitfire station at RAF Perranporth . During the conflict she met her future husband , Dr. Marc Prati , a political correspondent for La Stampa , who as an Italian national had been interned in Cornwall .
Heath was a member of the St Ives Society of Artists and in 1949 was a founder member of the breakaway Penwith Society of Arts but resigned in 1950 and rejoined the St Ives Society in 1957 . She continued to exhibit with the St Ives Society for the rest of her life . The Cornish landscape was the principal subject of Heath 's paintings and she would regularly camp out on the moors in Cornwall for several days at a time painting landscapes . In 1962 , for the Royal Watercolour Society she organized an exhibition of unknown Cornish artists , entitled The Cornish Experiment . Heath exhibited with the Royal Institute of Oil Painters , Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours and the Royal Scottish Academy . She was included in the centenary exhibition of the Society of Women Artists held in London during 1955 . Heath also published three volumes of poetry .
Published works
Passing Thoughts , 1971
Love , 1973
Reflections , 1978
References
External links
1908 births
1989 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
Académie Colarossi alumni
Artists from Kingston upon Hull
British war artists
English women painters
English women poets
Painters from Cornwall
World War II artists
The Smithville Apothecary is a historic building located off Moss Mill Road in Smithville , Atlantic County , New Jersey . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 9 , 1978 .
History
The pharmacy was built by Dr. John Lewis Lane in Manahawkin , Ocean County , New Jersey . The building was sold in 1894 and became the Barnegat Exchange of the telephone company . Next it was used as the local post office , and then as a headquarters for the local Girl Scouts . Finally , it was purchased by the Smithville Inn . The building was then moved to its current location in Historic Smithville , where it is now the Jewelry Box of Smithville .
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Atlantic County , New Jersey
Galloway Township , New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Relocated buildings and structures in New Jersey
1885 establishments in New Jersey
Retail buildings in New Jersey
Commercial buildings completed in 1885
Queen Anne architecture in New Jersey
`` Salute to a Switchblade '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall . It was released in June 1970 as the only single from the album , I Witness Life . The song peaked at number 8 on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 14 on the Canadian country singles chart .
Chart performance
References
1970 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
Mercury Records singles
In the Still of the Night is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on August 8 , 1989 , by Columbia Records and continues the trend that began with his 1986 collaboration with Henry Mancini , The Hollywood Musicals , in that the project is devoted to a specific theme that ties the songs together . Mathis hints at the theme for this album in the liner notes for his 1993 box set The Music of Johnny Mathis : A Personal Collection , where he gives his thoughts on the 1964 Little Anthony and the Imperials song `` I 'm on the Outside Looking In '' that he covered for his 1988 album Once in a While : `` That was group singers ' kind of material . I was singing other stuff . It was n't the picture of the lone crooner standing in the spotlight . That 's what I was doing when all this other stuff was going on . I never listened to it until it was brought to my attention by [ that album 's producers ] Peter Bunetta and Rick Chudacoff . '' Mathis chose to continue his work with Bunetta and Chudacoff on this project , which focuses on `` this other stuff '' that Mathis refers to : pop and R & B hits from the 1950s and 1960s .
Reception
Although the album did not make it onto Billboard magazine 's Top Pop Albums chart , it did receive praise in People magazine , where the reviewer remarks that Mathis and the album producers `` make these songs sound reconsidered , not merely recycled . '' It 's also noted that `` Mathis 's ability to extract every last nuance from a lyric has never been employed to better advantage '' and that `` Take 6 's presence enables him to prove that he can keep up with the younger generation . ''
The album also received a positive retrospective review from Allmusic , where Bil Carpenter wrote , `` Clean , uncomplicated orchestration '' and `` One of Mathis 's best recordings to date . ''
Track listing
Recording dates
From the liner notes for The Voice of Romance : The Columbia Original Album Collection :
May 1988–December 1988 – `` All Alone Am I '' , `` The End of the World '' , `` Since I Do n't Have You '' , `` Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye '' , `` True Love Ways '' , `` You Belong to Me ''
July 27 , 1988 – `` For Your Love '' , `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' , `` Since I Fell for You ''
Personnel
From the liner notes for the original album :
Johnny Mathis – vocals
Peter Bunetta – producer
Rick Chudacoff – producer
Jay Landers – executive producer
Cedric Dent – arranger ( background vocals )
Mervyn Warren – arranger ( background vocals )
Gary Brandt – recording engineer
Marc Ettel – recording engineer
Daren Klein – recording engineer
Frank Wolf – recording engineer
Mick Guzauski – mixing engineer
Mixed at Conway Studios , Hollywood , California
Bernie Grundman – mastering engineer
Mastered at Bernie Grundman Mastering , Hollywood , California
Don Adey – assistant engineer ( Alpha )
Bryant Arnett – assistant engineer ( Conway )
Kristen Connolly – assistant engineer ( Smoketree )
Richard McKernan – assistant engineer ( Conway )
Marnie Riley – assistant engineer ( Conway )
Steve Satkowski – assistant engineer ( Alpha )
24 Collection , Bal Harbour – wardrobe
Kyle Plyer – styling
Deev – grooming
Rebecca Chamlee Keeley – art direction
David Vance – photographer
Musicians
Garrett Adkins – trombone
Rick Braun – trumpets
Peter Bunetta – drums
Sonny Burke – organ
Alvin Chea ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
Rick Chudacoff – bass
Brad Cole – keyboards
Cedric Dent ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
Bill Elliott – keyboards
Melvin Franklin – background vocals
Mara Getz – background vocals
John Helliwell – clarinet and tenor sax
Dann Huff – guitar
Mark Kibble ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
Darrell Leonard – trumpet
Claude McKnight III ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
Doug Norwine – tenor sax
Jimmy Roberts – tenor sax
Amy Shulman – harp
Leslie Smith – background vocals
David Thomas ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
Mervyn Warren ( Take 6 ) – background vocals ; featured vocals ( `` In the Still of the Night '' , `` It 's All in the Game '' )
David Woodford – baritone sax and flute
References
Bibliography
1989 albums
Johnny Mathis albums
Columbia Records albums
This is a list of Maltese football transfers for the 2015–16 summer transfer window by club . Only transfers of clubs in the Maltese Premier League and Maltese First Division are included .
The summer transfer window opened on 1 July 2015 , although a few transfers may take place prior to that date . The window closes at midnight on 31 August 2015 . Players without a club may join one at any time , either during or in between transfer windows .
Maltese Premier League
Balzan
Manager : Oliver Spiteri
In :
Out :
Birkirkara
Manager : Giovanni Tedesco
In :
Out :
Floriana
Manager : Luís Oliveira
In :
Out :
Hibernians
Manager : Branko Nisevic
In :
Out :
Mosta
Manager : Ivan Zammit
In :
Out :
Naxxar Lions
Manager : Stefano Grima
In :
Out :
Pembroke Athleta
Manager : Ricky Pace
In :
Out :
Qormi
Manager : Jesmond Zerafa
In :
Out :
Sliema Wanderers
Manager : Stephen Azzopardi
In :
Out :
St. Andrews
Manager : Wayne Attard
In :
Out :
Tarxien Rainbows
Manager : Jacques Scerri
In :
Out :
Valletta
Manager : Paul Zammit
In :
Out :
Maltese First Division
Fgura United
Manager : Ramon Zammit
In :
Out :
Gudja United
Manager : Leslie Burke
In :
Out :
Gżira United
Manager : Darren Abdilla
In :
Out :
Ħamrun Spartans
Manager : Steve D'Amato
In :
Out :
Lija Athletic
Manager : Brian Spiteri
In :
Out :
Melita
Manager : Neil Zarb Cousin
In :
Out :
Mqabba
Manager : Guillermo Ganet
In :
Out :
Pietà Hotspurs
Manager : Patrick Curmi
In :
Out :
Rabat Ajax
Manager : Joey Falzon
In :
Out :
San Ġwann
Manager : Edmond Lufti
In :
Out :
Senglea Athletic
Manager : Dennis Fenech
In :
Out :
St. George 's
Manager : Robert Kelly
In :
Out :
Vittoriosa Stars
Manager : Arturo Di Napoli
In :
Out :
Zebbug Rangers
Manager : Alfred Attard
In :
Out :
References
External links
Official Website
Maltese
Transfers
Transfers
2015
The 2012–13 Atlas season was the 66th professional season of Mexico 's top-flight football league . The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams . Atlas began their season on July 22 , 2012 against UNAM , Atlas played their homes games on Saturdays at 9:00pm local time . Atlas did not qualify to the final phase in the Apertura tournament and was eliminated in the quarter-finals by Santos Laguna in the Clausura tournament .
Tornero Apertura
Squad
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Apertura 2012 Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
Tornero Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
Final phase
Santos Laguna advanced 3–1 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source :
Final phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2013 Copa MX
Group stage
Clausura results
Knockout stage
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
Club Atlas seasons
Arnout Kok ( born February 28 , 1977 ) is a South African professional stock car racing driver . He currently competes part-time in the ARCA Menards Series , driving the Nos . 01/10 Toyota for Fast Track Racing .
Racing career
Early racing career
K & N Pro Series West
In 2018 , Kok was initially signed to run with Obaika Racing for one race at the 2018-Star Nursery 100 . While the team had promised Kok to have a race-ready car before the event , the car did not turn up to the event and eventually , the team withdrew in a press statement . While the team reportedly said that they would try and find Kok another ride to race in the series , he would never run a race in the series .
ARCA Menards Series
In 2021 , Kok was signed to run the 2021 Dawn 150 with Fast Track Racing , finally making his American debut after being delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic . He would finish well , getting a top 10 in his first ever start . He would attempt three more races that year , with considerably worse results , including a `` did not start '' at the 2021 Sprecher 150 due to engine issues .
Motorsports career results
ARCA Menards Series
( key ) ( Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time . Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time . * – Most laps led . )
ARCA Menards Series East
K & N Pro Series West
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
ARCA Menards Series drivers
NASCAR drivers
South African racing drivers
This is a list of Belgian football transfers for the 2017-18 winter transfer window . Only transfers involving a team from the professional divisions are listed , including the 16 teams in the 2017–18 Belgian First Division A and the 8 teams playing in the 2017–18 Belgian First Division B .
The winter transfer window opens on 1 January 2018 , although a few transfers may take place prior to that date . The window closes at midnight on 1 February 2018 although outgoing transfers might still happen to leagues in which the window is still open . Players without a club may join teams , either during or in between transfer windows .
Sorted by date
November
December
End of 2017
Some players were on a loan which ended in 2017 . As of 1 January 2018 , they returned to their original club and are listed here . For a list of players on loan during the last year , see List of Belgian football transfers winter 2016–17 and summer 2017 .
January
February
Sorted by team
Belgian First Division A teams
Anderlecht
In :
Out :
Antwerp
In :
Out :
Charleroi
In :
Out :
Club Brugge
In :
Out :
Eupen
In :
Out :
Excel Mouscron
In :
Out :
Genk
In :
Out :
Gent
In :
Out :
Kortrijk
In :
Out :
Lokeren
In :
Out :
Mechelen
In :
Out :
Oostende
In :
Out :
Sint-Truiden
In :
Out :
Standard Liège
In :
Out :
Waasland-Beveren
In :
Out :
Zulte-Waregem
In :
Out :
Belgian First Division B teams
Beerschot Wilrijk
In :
Out :
Cercle Brugge
In :
Out :
Lierse
In :
Out :
OH Leuven
In :
Out :
Roeselare
In :
Out :
Tubize
In :
Out :
Union SG
In :
Out :
Westerlo
In :
Out :
Footnotes
References
Belgian
Transfers Winter
2017 Winter
Dicephalarcha herbosa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand , India , southern Sulawesi , Java , Borneo , Bali and the Moluccas .
The wingspan 10–13 mm . The forewings are dark fuscous on the costal half , while the lower half of the wing is pale bluish grey . The hindwings are dark grey , becoming blackish towards the apex .
References
Moths described in 1909
Olethreutini
USA-232 , also known as GPS IIF-2 , and GPS SVN-63 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the second of twelve Block IIF satellites to be launched .
Built by Boeing and launched by United Launch Alliance , USA-232 was launched at 06:41 UTC on 16 July 2011 , atop a Delta IV carrier rocket , flight number D355 , flying in the Medium+ ( 4,2 ) configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 37B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-232 directly into medium Earth orbit .
As of 24 July 2011 , USA-232 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 729.16 minutes , and 55.0 degrees of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 01 signal , and operates in slot 2 of plane D of the GPS constellation . The satellite has a design life of 15 years and a mass of .
As of 2019 it remains in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2011
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched by Delta IV rockets
Kadir Nelson ( May 15 , 1974 ) is a Los Angeles–based painter , illustrator , and author who is best known for his paintings often featured on the covers of The New Yorker magazine , and album covers for Michael Jackson and Drake . His work is focused on African-American culture and history . The New York Times describes his work as : `` sumptuous , deeply affecting work . Nelson 's paintings are drenched in ambience , and often overt symbolism . He has twice been a Caldecott honor recipient and won the 2020 Caldecott Medal for his book The Undefeated .
Career
In 1996 , Nelson began his career as a conceptual artist for Steven Spielberg 's feature film Amistad , and the animated feature film Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron . Nelson has since designed several commemorative postage stamps for the United States Postal Service including stamps featuring Wilt Chamberlain , Joe Dimaggio , and Richard Wright . He has also authored and/or illustrated over 30 picture books including , Brothers of the Knight by actress Debbie Allen , WE ARE THE SHIP : The Story of Negro League Baseball , which was featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated magazine , and Heart and Soul : The Story of America and African Americans . In 2013 , Nelson was commissioned to paint his first cover for The New Yorker magazine , a portrait of Nelson Mandela . Nelson has since created several memorable covers for the magazine including , Eustace Negro , Schomburg Center , Harlem , New York , and A Day at the Beach .
Early life and education
Nelson was born in Washington D.C. , and grew up in Atlantic City , New Jersey and San Diego , California , the son of author Emily Gunter and educator Lenwood Nelson . He received his early training in art from his uncle , Michael Morris , who is an artist and art instructor . Both his uncle and his high school art teacher taught him important artistic principles and techniques , including how to paint with oils . After developing an impressive portfolio during high school , Crawford High in San Diego , Kadir Nelson earned a partial scholarship to the prestigious Pratt Institute in Brooklyn , New York . Nelson earned his BFA from Pratt Institute in Brooklyn , New York in 1996 .
Works
In August 1999 , Nelson 's paintings depicting Negro league baseball scenes were featured in Sports Illustrated magazine on its opening Leading Off pages . They were some of the first paintings in a series of works that led to Nelson writing and illustrating a book commemorating the history of the Negro Baseball Leagues entitled , We Are the Ship : The Story of Negro Leagues Baseball , published by Jump at the Sun in 2008 . Nelson 's critically acclaimed authorial debut was created over the span of seven years and earned Nelson the Sibert Medal , a Coretta Scott King Author Award and Illustrator Honor . We Are the Ship was released by Brilliance Audio as an audiobook in 2009 , narrated by voice actor Dion Graham .
In 2008 , Nelson was commissioned by the US House of Representatives to paint the official portrait of Representative Shirley Anita Chisholm . The original painting hangs in the US Capitol Building in Washington DC .
In 2017 , Nelson was commissioned to paint a portrait of Henrietta Lacks to promote HBO 's upcoming film , The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks , based on the book by Rebecca Skloot . The painting was exhibited at the Reginald F. Lewis Museum in Baltimore , Maryland and other venues . The painting was later co-acquired by the Smithsonian museums National Portrait Gallery and the National Museum of African American History and Culture .
Album cover art
Nelson created the mural used as cover art for Swizz Beatz 's 2002 album Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O . Stories .
In 2005 , Nelson was contacted by Michael Jackson to create a commissioned painting of the King of Pop 's life story . The commission was delayed and shelved for several years until the untimely death of the singer in 2009 . Upon which Nelson was tapped to resume the portrait to be used later for the posthumously released album titled Michael . On Friday , December 10 , 2010 , a poster depicting the Michael album artwork was erected at the Rectory Farm in Middlesex , England , which broke a Guinness World Record for the largest poster in the world .
In 2013 , Nelson was contacted by recording artist Drake to create two covers for his album Nothing Was the Same . The album artwork became a signature work for the recording artist , and the subject of multiple internet memes . The album remained on the Billboard 200 sales chart for more than 400 weeks after its release in 2013 .
Recognition and honors
Nelson has received multiple Gold and Silver Medals from the New York Society of Illustrators . In February 2014 , Nelson was awarded the Hamilton King Award for best illustration of the year . Nelson is also the recipient of three NAACP Image Awards for his illustrated picture books , and the New York Times Best Illustrated Book for We Are The Ship : The Story of Negro League Baseball .
Nelson is a two-time Caldecott Honor Award winner . In 2020 , Nelson won the Caldecott Medal and Coretta Scott King Award for his illustrations in The Undefeated . He received an NAACP Image Award for the book Just the Two of Us . For his book , We Are the Ship : The Story of Negro League Baseball , he received the 2008 CASEY Award for best baseball book , the 2009 Coretta Scott King Author Award , and the 2009 Robert F. Sibert Informational Book Award . His book , Nelson Mandela , was a Coretta Scott King Honor book in 2014 .
Exhibitions
Nelson has had exhibitions in galleries and museums throughout the United States and the world , including the Muskegon Museum of Art , Chicago Art Institute , and The Studio Museum in Harlem .
Kadir Nelson 's portrait of Henrietta Lacks was recently jointly acquired by The Smithsonian 's National Portrait Gallery and the National Museum of African American History and Culture . Lacks ' portrait was commissioned by HBO .
Bibliography
Illustrations only unless otherwise indicated .
Brothers of the Knight by Debbie Allen . Dial , 1999 .
Big Jabe by Jerdine Nolen . HarperCollins , 2000 .
Salt in His Shoes : Michael Jordan in Pursuit of a Dream by Deloris and Roslyn Jordan . Simon & Schuster , 2000 .
Dancing in the Wings , Debbie Allen . Dial , 2000 .
Just the Two of Us by Will Smith . Scholastic , 2001 . ( NAACP Image Award )
Please , Baby , Please by Spike and Tonya Lee . Simon & Schuster , 2002 .
Under the Christmas Tree by Nikki Grimes . HarperCollins , 2002 .
The Village that Vanished by Ann Grifalconi . Dial , 2002 .
Thunder Rose by Jerdine Nolen . Harcourt , 2003 .
Ellington Was Not a Street by Ntozake Shange . Simon & Schuster , 2004 . ( Coretta Scott King Author Award )
He 's Got the Whole World in His Hands , illustrated by Kadir Nelson , based on the traditional song lyrics . Dial , 2005 .
The Real Slam Dunk by Charisse Richardson . Dial , 2005 .
Hewitt Anderson 's Great Big Life by Jerdine Nolen . Simon & Schuster , 2005 .
Please , Puppy , Please by Spike and Tonya Lee . Simon & Schuster , 2005 .
Moses : When Harriet Tubman Led Her People to Freedom , by Carole Boston Weatherford , Hyperion/Jump at the Sun , 2006 ( 2007 Caldecott Honor book )
Henry 's Freedom Box : A True Story from the Underground Railroad , Ellen Levine . Scholastic , 2007 . ( 2008 Caldecott Honor book )
Michael 's Golden Rules by Deloris Jordan , introduction by Michael Jordan . Simon & Schuster , 2007 .
We Are the Ship : The Story of Negro League Baseball , written and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , foreword by Hank Aaron , Hyperion/Jump at the Sun , 2008 .
Abe 's Hones Words , by Doreen Rappaport . Hyperion , 2008 .
Change Has Come : An Artist Celebrates Our American Spirit , quotations from Barack Obama , black and white line drawings by Kadir Nelson . New York : Simon & Schuster , 2009 .
Testing the Ice : A True Story About Jackie Robinson , by Sharon Robinson , Scholastic , 2009 ;
All God 's Critters , song lyrics by Bill Staines , Simon & Schuster , 2009
Mama Miti : Wangari Maathai and the Trees of Kenya , by Donna Jo Napoli , Simon & Schuster/Paula Wiseman Books , 2010 ,
A Nation 's Hope : The Story of Boxing Legend Joe Louis , by Matt de la Peña , Dial Books , 2011 ,
Nelson Mandela , written and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , 2013 ,
Baby Bear , written and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , 2014 ,
If You Plant a Seed , written and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , 2015 ,
Blue Sky , White Stars , written by Sarvinder Naberhaus and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , 2017 ,
The Undefeated , written by Kwame Alexander and illustrated by Kadir Nelson , 2019 ,
See also
References
External links
Nelson at AALBC.com
Nelson at publisher Simon and Schuster
Nelson at publisher HarperCollins
Nelson at publisher Scholastic
We Are the Ship children 's book website
Nelson biography , with further links , at Black Art Depot
Nelson audio interview from December 3 , 2007 , at Children 's Book Radio website
Interview about Change Has Come at YouTube ( Simon & Schuster videos )
Nelson at 2009 National Book Festival , Library of Congress
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
African-American illustrators
Album-cover and concert-poster artists
American children 's book illustrators
American graphic designers
American male painters
American production designers
American stamp designers
Artists from San Diego
Caldecott Medal winners
Children 's non-fiction writers
Living people
Painters from California
Painters from Washington , D.C .
Pratt Institute alumni
The New Yorker people
1974 births
20th-century African-American painters
21st-century African-American artists
20th-century American male artists
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The B-T oil field is an oil field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea . It was discovered in 2010 and developed by Sterling Resources . It will begin production in 2018 and will produce oil . The total proven reserves of the B-T oil field are around 20 million barrels ( 2.8×106tonnes ) , and production is centered on .
References
Black Sea energy
Oil fields in Romania
Loreto Convent was a Catholic convent which operated as a girls ' school in Claremont , Western Australia between 1901 and 1976 .
Building
In 1894 , businessman James Grave built the Osborne Hotel on a cliff-top in Claremont . Considered to be Perth 's finest hotel , it had panoramic views of the Indian Ocean and Swan River and included a tower and raised turrets and was surrounded by two acres ( 0.8 ha ) of landscaped gardens . In 1898 Graves found himself `` financially embarrassed '' and sold the hotel to William Dalgety Moore .
Convent
The property was purchased by the Catholic Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary in 1901 . The convent was formally known as Loreto Osborne , Claremont . A chapel and sleeping accommodation for the sisters were built in 1938 and in 1963 the old hotel building was demolished to make way for a new building .
In 1963 the senior pupils from Loreto Nedlands were moved to the Claremont school , and in 1977 Loreto Osborne amalgamated with St. Louis boys ' school to form John XXIII College . The school remained the senior campus of the College until the latter 's move to Mount Claremont in 1986 , and the site was subsequently occupied by the Western Australian International College .
The convent buildings were demolished in 1990 , with residential housing built on the location at 101-109 Bindaring Parade , Claremont . The high , 1937-built bell tower was rebuilt in 1991 using the original bricks , in William Street , Northbridge .
Notable alumni
Judy Davis , actor
Jennifer Hagan , actor
Judy Edwards , politician
Eileen Joyce , pianist
Margaret McAleer , politician
Robin Miller , the `` Sugarbird Lady '' , pioneering nurse aviator .
References
External links
Sketch of proposed convent , 1895 ( NB : this was some time before the convent acquired the property so presumably was a concept drawing only )
Photograph of Loreto Convent , Claremont , 1972
Defunct Catholic schools in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1901
Educational institutions disestablished in 1976
Claremont , Western Australia
Claremont
Convents in Australia
Defunct girls ' schools in Australia
1901 establishments in Australia
1976 disestablishments in Australia
Demolished buildings and structures in Western Australia
Buildings and structures demolished in 1990
Ducados is a brand of cigarettes that is currently owned and manufactured by Altadis , a division of Imperial Tobacco . Ducados is Spanish for Ducats , a gold coin was part of the original design of the package .
History
The brand was introduced in 1963 . The original Ducados cigarettes ( `` Ducados Negros '' ) were strong and mainly smoked by men . As more women joined the workforce in and after the 1960s , the black cigarettes became less popular because many women did n't like the bad taste that it left in their mouths . Noticing this , Altadis released a Rubio ( `` Blonde '' ) variant which was lighter . The brand describes Ducados as having a well-built and rich flavor . In Spain , this brand is called `` Tabaco negro '' ( Black tobacco ) due to its supposed purity and the use of less chemical which make its color a lot darker than any other brands . Ducados cigarettes are made with 100 % Canarian tobacco and it may be the only brand in Spain that uses white filter tips which makes Ducados a very distinguishable brand . Due to the popularity of the brand , Ducados cigarettes ( along with other cheap brands ) are often reserved by `` tobacco tourists '' from Great Britain and France while they go on holiday in Spain .
Markets
Ducados is mainly sold in Spain , but was or still is sold in Portugal , France , Germany and Austria .
Products
Ducados Negro ( Black )
Ducados Rubio ( Blonde )
Ducados Rolling ( Rolling tobacco )
See also
Tobacco smoking
References
Altadis brands
Imperial Brands brands
Edward Walsingham ( died 1663 ) was an English royalist author , known for his verse of the First English Civil War and Arcana Aulica , often wrongly attributed to Sir Francis Walsingham .
Life
According to Edward Hyde , 1st Earl of Clarendon , Walsingham was related to the Earl of Bristol . In the preface to the Arcana Aulica Walsingham is described in 1652 as one who , `` though very young , in a little time grew up , under the wings and favour of the Lord Digby , to such credit with the late king that he came to be admitted to his greatest trusts , and was prevented only by the fall of the court itself from climbing there into an eminenter height . '' He became secretary to Lord Digby soon after the outbreak of the civil war , possibly in September 1643 , when Digby himself was appointed one of the principal secretaries of state after the death of Lucius Cary , 2nd Viscount Falkland . On 31 October Digby was made high steward of Oxford University , and through his influence Walsingham was created M.A .
While the court was at Oxford , Walsingham lodged in Magdalen College , Oxford and began writing . Walsingham conducted much of the correspondence in Digby 's various intrigues , and during the latter 's absence from Oxford was in constant communication with him . More than once important letters from Walsingham were intercepted by parliament and published .
Walsingham was present at the battle of Cheriton on 29 March 1644 , as is made clear by his eyewitness description of the wounding of Sir John Smith at that battle , and his accompanying the dying Smith to Andover .
He was at Oxford as late as 1645 , but probably before its surrender in June 1646 he escaped to Henrietta Maria 's court in France . There , perhaps under the persuasions of Sir Kenelm Digby , he became a Roman Catholic convert . In 1648 Digby was reported to have discarded him , and in the same year he was sent to Ireland ; his object seems to have been either to induce the Duke of Ormonde to grant freedom of worship and other Roman Catholic claims , or to secure them by negotiating an understanding between the Catholics and the Independents . Sir Edward Nicholas felt he was unable to keep his missions secret . He was brushed off by Thomas Preston , 1st Viscount Tara .
Walsingham returned to Paris . In 1652 , he was involved in a Catholic intrigue to remove Hyde from Charles II 's service , but for some reason he revealed the scheme . In 1654 Walter Montagu made him a companion to Henry Stuart , Duke of Gloucester ; but later was excluded from his company . In 1659 , he was at Brussels . At the Restoration , he remained in France , acting as secretary to Walter Montagu , who was abbot of St. Martin 's , near Pontoise . In 1660 he was ordained priest and named curé of Aronville , near Pontoise . Accompanying Montagu , to England in the autumn of 1668 , he died there suddenly on 9 October of that year .
Works
He wrote several elegiac works for dead royalist commanders . In 1644 he published Britannicae Virtutis Imago , or the Effigies of True Fortitude expressed ... in the ... actions of ... Major-general Smith , on Sir John Smith , knighted at the Battle of Edgehill . This was followed in 1645 by Alter Britanniae Heros , or the Life of ... Sir Henry Gage . Another work left in manuscript was Hector Britannicus , on Sir John Digby ( 1605–1645 ) , brother to Sir Kenelm Digby . These works have been described as hagiography , with the subjects having in common Catholicism , culture and a noble background and character .
In 1651 he sent as a present to Ormonde his Arcana Aulica , or Walsingham 's Manual of Prudential Maxims for the Statesman and the Courtier . This work has been generally attributed to Sir Francis Walsingham , and other conjectures have been made as to its authorship . Its original was an anonymous French work , Traité de la Cour , ou Instruction des Courtisans , by Eustache du Refuge , a diplomat and author in the reign of Henry IV of France . The first edition was published in Holland , the second at Paris , but the earliest known to be extant is the third , which appears in two parts at Paris ( 1619 , 8vo : other editions 1622 , 1631 , and Leyden , 1649 ) . It was reprinted as Le Nouveau Traité de la Cour in 1664 and 1672 , and as Le Conseiller d'Estat in 1685 . An English translation by John Reynolds , with a dedication to Prince Charles , was published in London in 1622 . A Latin translation of the second part only , by Joachimus Pastorius , who was ignorant of its authorship , was published as Aulicus Inculpatus at Amsterdam ( Elzevir ) in 1644 ; and this version was reissued by Elzevir in 1649 . Walsingham 's translation was made from a French manuscript copy , but he also was ignorant of Du Refuge 's authorship and of Reynolds 's translation , and his version comprises only the second part of the Traité . Several additions were made , e.g . the allusions ( p. 37 ) to Richelieu . In the printer 's address it is said to have been captured in an Irish pirate on its way to Ormonde . It was printed at London by James Young in 1652 , 4to ; a second edition appeared in 1655 , and was reprinted in 1810 , 12mo . In 1694 it was issued with Sir Robert Naunton 's Fragmenta Regalia in 1722 an edition was published substituting Instructions for Youth for the first part of the title , and giving different renderings of various passages from classical authors ( reprinted 1728 ) .
Notes
External links
Publication History for the Treatise on the Court .
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1663 deaths
17th-century English Roman Catholic priests
English male poets
Prikhodko ( Приходько ) is a gender-neutral Ukrainian surname . It may refer to :
Anastasia Prikhodko ( born 1987 ) , Ukrainian folk rock and traditional pop singer
Hilarion ( Prikhodko ) , born Ivan Prikhodko ( 1924–2008 ) , Russian priest
Sergei Aleksandrovich Prikhodko ( born 1962 ) , Russian football player
Sergei Eduardovich Prikhodko ( 1957–2021 ) , Russian politician , the main figure of the 2018 `` Rybkagate '' corruption scandal
Sergei Sergeyevich Prikhodko ( born 1984 ) , Russian football player , son of Sergei Aleksandrovich
See also
Ukrainian-language surnames
Veregava Ridge ( , ‘ Hrebet Veregava ' \'hre-bet ve-re-'ga-va\ ) is the ridge rising to 3210 m at Mount Waldron in the northeast foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica . The feature extends 15.7 km in southwest–northeast direction and 6 km in southeast–northwest direction , and has its interior drained by Berisad Glacier and Orizari Glacier . It is bounded by Dater Glacier to the west and north , and its tributary Hansen Glacier to the southeast , and separated from Doyran Heights to the south by Manole Pass .
The ridge is named after the eastern Balkan Mountains ( old Bulgarian name Veregava ) .
Location
Veregava Ridge is centred at . US mapping in 1961 , updated in 1988 .
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly updated .
Notes
Features
Geographical features include :
Berisad Glacier
Dater Glacier
Hansen Glacier
Kushla Peak
Manole Pass
Mount Waldron
Orizari Glacier
Parangalitsa Peak
Sipey Bluff
References
Veregava Ridge . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Veregava Ridge . Copernix satellite image
Ridges of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Komsomolskoye ( , ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Komsomolsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Chuvashia
Smyly is a surname , and may refer to :
Drew Smyly ( born 1989 ) , American baseball player
Ellen Smyly ( 1815–1901 ) , Irish charity worker
Sir Philip Crampton Smyly ( d. 1904 ) , Surgeon-in-Ordinary to Queen Victoria and to successive Lords-Lieutenant of Ireland ( son of the above )
Sir Philip Crampton Smyly ( colonial administrator ) ( 1866–1953 ) , Chief Justice of Sierra Leone , later Chief Justice of the Gold Coast ( son of the above )
Sir William Josiah Smyly ( 1850-1941 ) , President Royal College of Physicians of Ireland ( son of above Ellen Smyly , brother of Sir Philip d 1904 )
See also
Smilie ( disambiguation )
William Wilson ( March 19 , 1773June 6 , 1827 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in New Boston in the Province of New Hampshire , Wilson attended the public schools and was graduated from Dartmouth College , Hanover , New Hampshire , in 1797 . He studied law in Johnstown , New York , and was admitted to the bar .
He moved to Ohio and settled in Chillicothe about 1805 . He engaged in the practice of law there before moving to Newark , Ohio in 1808 , having been appointed chief judge of the court of common pleas , and served until 1823 .
He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1818 .
Wilson was elected to the 18th , 19th , and 20th Congresses , serving from March 4 , 1823 , until his death in Newark , Ohio on June 6 , 1827 . He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department in the 19th Congress . Wilson was interred in the Old Cemetery and was re-interred on March 23 , 1853 , in Cedar Hill Cemetery .
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office ( 1790–1899 )
References
Sources
1773 births
1827 deaths
Ohio state court judges
Dartmouth College alumni
Politicians from Newark , Ohio
Ohio National Republicans
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery , Newark , Ohio
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
People from New Boston , New Hampshire
William McCafferty ( 9 December 1882 – 17 April 1929 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Scottish Football League for Celtic and in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham . He played as a forward .
Career
McCafferty was born in Rutherglen , which was then in Lanarkshire . He played for junior club Rutherglen Glencairn before signing for Celtic in March 1902 . He made his first team debut on the losing side in the 1902 Scottish Cup Final , and played once in the Scottish League , in October 1902 in a 1–1 home draw with Rangers , before joining English club Bolton Wanderers on loan the following month . McCafferty went back to Scotland to play for Stenhousemuir and Bathgate before returning to England for a season in the Southern League with Reading . In December 1906 , First Division club Birmingham signed McCafferty for the value of the gate receipts from a friendly between buying and selling club , which amounted to £350 ( £ today ) .. The player scored in that friendly , but failed to score in competitive play for Birmingham , as he could not dislodge Benny Green from the side . McCafferty went on to play for Southern League clubs Portsmouth and Brentford between further spells at Bathgate .
McCafferty died while at work in Rutherglen in 1929 .
References
1882 births
1929 deaths
Sportspeople from Rutherglen
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Rutherglen Glencairn F.C . players
Celtic F.C . players
Bolton Wanderers F.C . players
Stenhousemuir F.C . players
Bathgate F.C . players
Reading F.C . players
Birmingham City F.C . players
Portsmouth F.C . players
Brentford F.C . players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . players
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Walter Stewart was a 15th-century churchman in the Kingdom of Scotland . He was a cousin of King James II of Scotland , being like King James a grandson to King Robert III of Scotland .
Biography
Stewart went to university and obtained a Master of Arts .
He is found as Archdeacon of Dunblane in a document dating to 12 February 1433 ; it is not known when he had obtained this office , and because the latest known occupation of the office by any predecessor goes back all the way to 1410 x 1411 , it can not be narrowed down significantly .
Walter was still Archdeacon of Dunblane on 3 November 1456 but had given it up the following year for the St Andrews archdeaconry . During his period as Archdeacon of Dunblane he was elected , following the death of Bishop Michael Ochiltree , as Bishop of Dunblane by the cathedral chapter .
His election by the cathedral chapter of the see in 1447 turned out to be fruitless ; Robert Lauder had been provided by the Pope in October , and by 29 November Walter has surrendered his rights to the bishopric .
Walter was claiming the right to be Treasurer of Glasgow from 1452 , litigating for the honour with two other parties , Thomas Lauder and John Balfour ; he resigned the treasurership of Glasgow to Hugh Douglas in order to become Archdeacon of St Andrews : this occurred sometime between 7 June 1455 and October 1457 . It is possible it can be more narrowly dated to after 3 November 1456 , when he is found still holding the Dunblane archdeaconry .
He was said to have had some right to the Treasurership of the diocese of Dunkeld in January 1456 , but the details of this are not clear . He was still in possession of the St Andrews archdeaconry on 26 April 1470 but resigned the position to the Abbot of Holyrood under faculty of Pope Paul II ; this happened before 26 July 1471 , the date of Pope Paul 's death , though it is not until his successor William Scheves is first found occupying the office in 1474 that there can be certainty the resignation had gone through .
Walter had advanced so far in the church because of his royal blood , education and papal indulgence ; in 1471 he was a papal chaplain , but was still an acolyte , only in minor orders .
Notes
References
Archdeacons
Bishops of Dunblane
Walter Stewart
15th-century Scottish Roman Catholic bishops
Xenopirostris is a genus of birds in the family Vangidae . They are all endemic to Madagascar .
Species
It contains the following species :
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Güenther Wilhelm van Well ( 15 October 1922 – 14 August 1993 ) was a German diplomat , Secretary of State from 1977 to 1981 , and West German Ambassador to the United States from 1984 to 1987 .
Career
In the early seventies , as Assistant Secretary and Assistant Secretary in the Foreign Office , he was in the development of rapprochement with the GDR , as well as the four-power agreement .
As Acting Secretary of State , he was appointed by then-foreign minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher , as his personal representative for disaster prevention .
Following his work as secretary of state , he was Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Federal Republic of Germany to the United Nations .
After that , he served as German ambassador in Washington , DC .
As a retired ambassador , he engaged as a participant in the `` Bergedorf Round Table '' of the Körber Foundation , among many other celebrities for an understanding of international problems and issues , as well as Executive Vice President of the German Council on Foreign Relations , Bonn .
Publications
`` Die Entwicklung der gemeinsamen Nahostpolitik der Neun '' , in : Europa Archiv , 4/1976 ;
`` Teilnahme Berlins am internationalen Geschehen – ein dringender Punkt auf der Ost-West- Tagesordnung '' , in : Europa Archiv , 20/1976 ;
`` Belgrad 1977 . Das KSZE-Folgetreffen und seine Bedeutung für den Entspannungsprozeß '' , in : Europa Archiv , 18/1977 ;
`` Politische Aspekte des Strukturwandels der Weltwirtschaft '' , in : Europa Archiv , 3/1979 ;
`` Wandel in Europa und die beiden deutschen Staaten '' , in : Europa-Archiv ; 19/1989 , S. 569–576 ;
Auf der Suche nach der Gestalt Europas . Festschrift für Wolfgang Wagner zum 65 . Geburtstag am 23 . August 1990 ( Mitherausgeber Jochen Thies ) ;
`` Deutschland und die UN '' , in : Rüdiger Wolfrum ( Hrsg . ) , Handbuch Vereinte Nationen , München 1991² , S. 71 – 77 ;
`` Der Auswärtige Dienst in einer Zeit des Wandels '' , in : Europa Archiv , 10/1992 , S. 269–278 und 14/1992 , S. 391–396 ;
`` Die Vereinten Nationen als Friedensstifter : Möglichkeiten und Grenzen der Weltorganisation '' , in : Die Vereinten Nationen und Österreich , 1/1993 , 7 – 11 .
References
External links
`` Günther van Well '' , German wikipedia
http : //www.v-like-vintage.net/en/photo_details/35307_photo_Bonn+Guenther+van+Well+Walter/
1922 births
1993 deaths
Ambassadors of Germany to the United States
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Fallschirmjäger of World War II
Wolf Point East Tower is the second tallest of three buildings being developed in the Near North Side community area on the Wolf Point property at a fork in the Chicago River in downtown Chicago . The building is planned to be approximately 60 stories and tall . It will have 698 units . Although originally intended to be a mixed use building when planned in 2012 and approved in 2013 , the building was reenvisioned as an apartment building in 2016 . Construction began in 2017 .
Background
On January 26 , 2012 , the Chicago Sun-Times broke the story that the Kennedy family was planning a three-tower development at Wolf Point . On May 8 , 2012 , Chicago Alderman Brendan Reilly announced that a three-tower proposal for Wolf Point had been made including buildings of approximately , and and that plans would be made public on May 29 . In a formalization of the proposal later that year the East Tower continued to be planned at . By October 2016 the height of the east tower had been revised down to , and the south tower revised to . The October 2016 revision was estimated to have 62 stories by on source and 66 by another . As of March 2017 , some sources still felt the building might be 66 stories and encompass 707 apartment units , but when the building permit for construction was issued on June 22 , 2017 , it seemed that the plans were for a 60-story , 698-unit , building . By June 28 , the $ 380 million construction project was backed by a $ 200 million loan led by Bank of America and construction had begun . Occupancy was expected in 2019 .
Location
The property upon which the development was planned is historic and drew scrutiny by critics . Plans for the tower development were presented as scheduled by the Kennedy family on land that they own in the River North neighborhood at the confluence of South , North , and Main Branches of the Chicago River southwest of the Merchandise Mart complex . As plans for the Kennedy proposal were developing on the north bank of Wolf Point , a plan for a 45- to 50-story office building on the west bank called River Point were progressing according to Robert Sharoff of The New York Times . Chicago Tribune Pulitzer Prize-winning architecture critic Blair Kamin felt that the initial plans presented by Christopher G. Kennedy needed some work .
History
On October 30 , 2012 , a revised plan was presented that included more open space . In November the responses to the revisions were negative , and Reilly withdrew the proposal on November 27 . The Chicago Plan Commission approved the plans for the entire three-tower development that included 1,410 residential units , 450 hotel rooms and 1,285 parking stalls on January 24 , 2013 .
In May 2013 , opponents of the planned development filed suit in United States Federal Court . On November 19 , 2013 , U.S. District Judge Amy J. St. Eve ruled that the valuable and iconic views of downtown are not something that can be constitutionally protected saying `` Illinois courts do not recognize property values , air , or light as constitutionally protected property interests . '' The Wolf Point Towers broke ground in March 2014 . Neighboring Wolf Point West Tower had its groundbreaking ceremony on July 18 , 2014 . The building opened for residence on January 13 , 2016 .
After the 48-story , Wolf Point West Tower was successfully marketed as an apartment building , the East Tower was revamped as an apartment building in 2016 . 2016 design changes resulted in a greatly reduced footprint and use of only of the entitlement .
The building was designed by Pelli Clarke Pelli & Pappageorge Haymes Partners , developed by Hines Interests and the Kennedy family with backing from the real estate investment arm of the AFL–CIO 's pension .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Chicago
List of the tallest buildings in the United States
References
External links
Official Wolf Point website
construction webcam
Wolf Point East Tower at Emporis.com
Friends of Wolf Point Website
Developer website
Residential condominiums in Chicago
Residential skyscrapers in Chicago
Białężyce Palace ( ) is eclecticism palace in Białężyce , built in the early 20th century . Currently it is the property of Gmina Września .
Description
The palace is built on a rectangular plan , consists of storey main body , porch to front elevation and storey lateral wings . All decorated semicircular , corrugated peaks . In the interwar period the wealth of farm buildings belonged to the Opaliński family . In 1926 the palace had 259 acres . After World War II intended for the council housing . The palace is surrounded by a landscape park of the 19th century .
Bibliography
https : //web.archive.org/web/20140220205704/http : //www.rotmanka.com/zamki/index.php ? option=com_content & task=view & id=1893 & Itemid=32
http : //www.polskiezabytki.pl/m/obiekt/5584/Bialezyce/
http : //www.polskaniezwykla.pl/web/place/19679 , bialezyce-dwor-franciszka-opielinskiego.html
Palaces in Poland
Gmina Września
Hazel Dell may refer to :
Hazel Dell , Saskatchewan , Canada
Rural Municipality of Hazel Dell No . 335 , Saskatchewan
Hazel Dell , Illinois , USA
Hazel Dell , Comanche County , Texas , USA
Hazel Dell , Washington , USA
Hazel Dell Township , Pottawattamie County , Iowa
The 2013 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship was the 119th staging of the Limerick Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment in 1887 . The championship began on 2013 and is ended on 6 October 2013 .
Kilmallock were the defending champions , however , they were defeated in the semi-final stage . Na Piarsaigh won the title following a 0-14 to 0-12 defeat of Adare in the final .
Results
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
Limerick Senior Hurling Championship
Limerick Senior Hurling Championship
The following is a list of notable events and releases that happened in 2014 in music in the United States .
Events
January
26 – The 56th Annual Grammy Awards , hosted by LL Cool J took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Daft Punk won 5 awards , including Album of the Year for Random Access Memories and Record of the Year for `` Get Lucky '' .
28 – Mötley Crüe signed a `` Cessation of Tour '' agreement which will see them retire after a final world tour ending in 2015 .
February
2 – Soprano Renée Fleming makes history as the first opera singer to perform the National Anthem at the Super Bowl . Bruno Mars performs during the halftime show , with an appearance from the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
4 – Transatlantic release their first album in five years , Kaleidoscope .
25 – As I Lay Dying lead singer Tim Lambesis pleads guilty to felony solicitation of murder after attempting to hire a hitman to kill his estranged ex-wife .
Whole February – Katy Perry tops the US Billboard Hot 100 with her song `` Dark Horse '' , which overtakes Madonna in the most weeks at No . 1 , and ties with Janet Jackson .
March
23 – Dave Brockie ( also known as Oderus Urungus ) , lead singer of Gwar , died from an accidental overdose . After his public memorial in August , his character 's infamous costume received a Viking funeral at Haddad 's Lake in Gwar 's hometown of Richmond , Virginia . The band reformed , resumed touring , and began ending their sets with a revised cover of Jim Carroll 's punk classic , `` People Who Died . ''
27 – Christine McVie rejoined Fleetwood Mac for first time in sixteen years .
April
1 – Nickel Creek released their first album in nine years , A Dotted Line .
6 - The Academy of Country Music Awards took place in Las Vegas .
10 – The 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame took place . Nirvana ,
Kiss , Peter Gabriel , Hall & Oates , Cat Stevens and Linda Ronstadt were inducted at the ceremony .
22 – Actor and musician Drake Bell released his first album in eight years , Ready Steady Go ! .
May
5 – Following the 2014 Met Gala in New York City at an after-party at The Standard , High Line , Solange Knowles attacks Jay-Z by violently punching him in the face followed by kicking and swinging him and even hitting him with her purse . Video footage which was obtained by TMZ was made public on May 12 , 2014 .
May 13 – Michael Jackson 's second posthumous album of previously unreleased tracks , Xscape , was released . Jackson and Justin Timberlake 's duet `` Love Never Felt So Good '' was announced as the official lead single .
17 – Saosin performed at the Skate and Surf festival with their original lead vocalist , Anthony Green ( who is also Circa Survive 's frontman ) . This was the first time Green had performed with Saosin since departing in 2004 to form Circa Survive .
20 – Josh Kaufman is crowned winner of the sixth season of The Voice , with Jake Worthington and Christina Grimmie finishing runner-up and third place respectively .
21 – Caleb Johnson is crowned winner of the thirteenth season of American Idol while Jena Irene is named the runner-up .
August
13 – After being with the band for 17 years , guitarist Chris Walla leaves Death Cab for Cutie .
24 – The MTV Video Music Awards took place at the Inglewood Forum in Inglewood , California . Beyoncé wins four awards that night and also received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award , presented to her by her husband Jay-Z and her daughter Blue Ivy .
September
2 – Counting Crows released Somewhere Under Wonderland , their first album of original material in six years .
16 – Chris Brown comes back with the release of his sixth studio album , X and for the sixth time makes the top 10 .
23 - Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett release their collaborative album , Cheek to Cheek , with them being 28 and 88 years old respectively , it marks the highest age-gap through a collaborative album of 60 years .
30 – Finch releases Back to Oblivion , their first studio album in nine years , following a series of disbandings and reunions .
October
7 – New Found Glory released Resurrection , their first studio album as a quartet following their firing of guitarist Steve Klein in 2013 .
20 – Gwen Stefani releases her comeback single as a solo artist , `` Baby Do n't Lie '' .
21 – Slipknot released their first album in six years , .5 : The Gray Chapter .
27 – Taylor Swift releases her fifth studio album , 1989 , which debuted at number one with 1,287,000 copies sold in its first week . This is the highest debut sales week for an artist since Eminem 's 2002 album The Eminem Show and the second highest debut for a female artist , behind Britney Spears ' album Oops ! ... I Did It Again ( 2000 ) .
28 – Live releases The Turn , their first studio album in eight years and also their only studio album to feature Chris Shinn on lead vocals .
November
1 – Just three days before his 49th birthday , Static-X frontman Wayne Static was found dead in his sleep .
10 – Taylor Swift released `` Blank Space '' , the second single from her successful 1989 . `` Blank Space '' reached number one in November , ending the run of Swift 's own `` Shake It Off '' . In doing so , Swift became the first female artist in the history of the Hot 100 , and tenth act overall , to replace herself at the top of the chart . With `` Shake It Off '' and `` Blank Space '' , Swift was also the only artist to notch multiple number-ones in 2014 .
23 – The American Music Awards took place in Los Angeles .
December
15 – TLC releases their first single in nine years called `` Gift Wrapped Kiss '' .
16 – Craig Wayne Boyd is crowned winner of the 7th season of The Voice , with Matt McAndrew , Chris Jamison and Damien finishing runner-up , third place and fourth place respectively .
Bands formed
Antemasque
American Wrestlers
Cheat Codes
FFS
Maddie & Tae
No Devotion
Saint Asonia
Sheer Mag
Slaves
Soul Glo
You+Me
Bands reformed
American Football
Atreyu
Babes In Toyland
Basement
Breaking Benjamin
Constantines
Copeland
Deep Dish
Despised Icon
Design the Skyline
Erase Errata
Failure
Haste the Day
L7
The Libertines
Luna
The Matches
Metro Station
Midtown
Mineral
The Movielife
Nickel Creek
OutKast
Ride
Saosin
Sleater-Kinney
Slowdive
Trick Pony
The Unicorns
Bands on hiatus
As I Lay Dying
Darkside
Dredg
Foxy Shazam
Furthur
The Wanted
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Bands disbanded
Abandon All Ships
The Allman Brothers Band
Anberlin
As Blood Runs Black
Austrian Death Machine
Beady Eye
Beastie Boys
Beneath the Sky
The Blackout
Bleeding Through
Bomb the Music Industry !
Brown Bird
Camp Freddy
Chimaira
The Civil Wars
Clipse
Company of Thieves
Crystal Castles
Danity Kane
The Dangerous Summer
Death Grips
Eleventyseven
For All Those Sleeping
Guided by Voices
The Knife
Lestat
LFO
The Luchagors
Morning Parade
The Move
Nightmare Boyzzz
Nachtmystium
Pink Floyd
The Rapture
Richard Cheese and Lounge Against the Machine
Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock
Smith Westerns
The Swellers
Ten Second Epic
There for Tomorrow
Vista Chino
Vivian Girls
Albums released
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Top hits on record
Billboard Hot 100 No . 1 Songs
`` All About That Bass '' – Meghan Trainor ( 8 weeks )
`` All of Me '' – John Legend ( 3 weeks )
`` Blank Space '' – Taylor Swift ( 5 weeks )
`` Dark Horse '' – Katy Perry feat . Juicy J ( 4 weeks )
`` Fancy '' – Iggy Azalea feat . Charli XCX ( 7 weeks )
`` Happy '' – Pharrell Williams ( 10 weeks )
`` Rude '' – MAGIC ! ( 6 weeks )
`` Shake It Off '' – Taylor Swift ( 4 weeks )
`` The Monster '' – Eminem feat . Rihanna ( 2 weeks in 2014 , 2 weeks in 2013 )
`` Timber '' – Pitbull feat . Kesha ( 3 weeks )
Billboard Hot 100 Top 20 Hits
All songs that reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart during the year , complete with peak chart placement .
Deaths
See also
2010s in music
2014 in music
References
is a train station in Fukuyama , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
The uniform antshrike ( Thamnophilus unicolor ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
The uniform antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1859 and given the binomial name Dysithamnus unicolor .
References
uniform antshrike
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
uniform antshrike
uniform antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Huffman Farm , also known as the Huffman-Herman Farm and Huffman-Punch-Herman Farm , is a historic farm and national historic district located near Conover , Catawba County , North Carolina . The district encompasses 2 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site . The main house was built about 1810 , and is a two-story , single pile , frame , vernacular Federal style farmhouse . Also on the property are the contributing storage shed and Huffman Family Cemetery . Established by prosperous farmer , wagon-maker and cooper George Huffman , and farmed by his son-in-law William Punch later in the nineteenth century , the farm now lies fallow with most of the acreage wooded and heavily overgrown , yet the acreage continues to provide an appropriate setting for the built resources .
The house was built by George Huffman sometime between 1807 and 1815 ; during these years Huffman acquired the 415 acres which formed his home plantation . Huffman , the son of Balthazar Huffman ( 1741-1798 ) and Catherine Wagoner Huffman , was born in Lincoln County in 1780 . ( Of note , Catawba County was later split from the original Lincoln County area , meaning that Mr. Huffman was likely born in what is now known as Catawba County ) . In 1801 he married Catherine Houk or Hook ( 1778-1862 ) and by 1810 they were the parents of five children ; the Huffmans eventually had five sons and five daughters .
Huffman was evidently a respected citizen of his community as he was elected Captain of the Eighth Company detached from the Second Lincoln Regiment at the out-break of the War of 1812 . Only a small number of North Carolina troops saw active service in the war , and the details of Huffman 's wartime experiences are unknown .
At the time of the 1820 census , Huffman headed a twelve-member household and owned one female slave . In 1830 he was the head of an eight-member household consisting of only four persons , but his slaves had increased to four in number by that time . Two members of the household were engaged in farming , and one in manufacturing ; the latter person was probably Huffman himself , working as a wagon-maker and cooper . Huffman was probably assisted in his work by his sons , Langdon ( b . 1822 ) , a wagon-maker and George ( b . 1812 ) a blacksmith . The 1840 Lincoln County tax list recorded the value of Huffman 's 415 acre farm as $ 1,045 and his payment of taxes on three slaves and a stud horse .
George Huffman died on December 9 , 1848 and was buried in the family cemetery a few hundred yards from where his house once stood . Huffman 's will , prepared in 1847 , indicates that he died in prosperous circumstances . He divided the bulk of his real estate among his nine surviving children . To his wife , Huffman gave for her lifetime the house and outbuildings , except the threshing machine house and ninety-eight acres . He also provided her with food , staples , farm crops , livestock , farm tools , $ 100 in cash , slaves Mat and Eve , three beds , a desk , a table , six chairs , and all kitchen furniture , as well as his cariole and horse . Other house-hold furnishings were sold at Huffman 's estate sale and included three beds , two candle-stands , two chests , a table , a half-round table , a clock , a corner cupboard , a looking glass , six chairs and a small library of sixteen books , among which were two medical books , a geography book , a law book and a dictionary . Other items sold at the estate sale were many farming tools , four horses , a bull , a threshing machine , a windmill , and slaves Squires and Judith . Huffman 's work as a wagon maker and cooper was reflected in the extensive number of woodworking tools and materials sold , such as coopers tools , blacksmiths tools , turning tools , several work benches , wagon wood , patterns , spokes , planks , twenty-three hogsheads and wagon and tent cloth . The sale netted the estate $ 1,329 . Huffman probably served as a local banker as many individuals owed him a total of $ 979.82 in notes with interest due . Judging from his will and estate sale , Huffman must have enjoyed a certain amount of financial success from his farming and manufacturing endeavors .
Huffman 's widow continued to live in the house until her death in 1862 . The census of 1850 recorded that her household consisted of herself and seven slaves . Her ninety-eight acre farm was valued at $ 450 with only forty acres cultivated , producing 300 bushels of corn , 70 bushels of oats , and 30 bushels of wheat . Livestock on the farm included a horse , a cow , a sheep and eight pigs . Ten years later , only two slaves remained in Mrs. Huffman 's household and the value of her farm had increased by only $ 50 while farm production remained at 1850 levels . Mrs. Huffman died on July 23 , 1862 and was buried beside her husband in the family cemetery near the house . Her estate sale of personal property netted $ 575 while notes due her estate totaled another $ 114 .
The identity of the owners and occupants of the Huffman House immediately after Mrs. Huffman 's death is unknown . When Mrs. Huffman 's sons and administrators , George and Elijah Huffman filed their accounts with the county court in October 1862 , they also reported their final account as the executors of their father 's estate which then consisted only of the house and ninety-eight acres . The Huffman brothers reported the sale of their father 's property in August 1862 for $ 3,000 ; the high price probably reflected wartime inflation . However , no deed had been located for the sale of the house until 1891 when the heirs of William Punch , son-in-law of George and Susannah Huffman , sold the house and seven acres of land . Punch ( 1819-1873 ) , married to Amy Huffman , was probably the 1862 purchaser of the house . In the 1870 census , he was listed as a farmer with personal property worth # 300 . His 159-acre farm , with 120 improved acres , was valued at $ 800 and produced 160 bushels of oats , 150 bushels of corn , 75 bushels of wheat and 37 bushels of rye ; his livestock consisted of a horse , 3 cows,7 sheep and 8 swine . Punch died in 1873 and his land was divided among his widow , children and grandchildren , but the details of the division are unknown . In July 1891 J. L. Punch sold the house with seven acres for $ 100 to J. R. Gaither , who sold the property six months later for $ 75.00 to Milton L. Herman , whose descendants owned the house until recently .
Milton Lafayette Herman ( 1871/74-1950 ) was a member of a family long-settled in Lincoln and Catawba Counties . At the time of the 1900 census he was living in the house with his wife Ida and children Lillie and Vernon . The census noted that Herman was a farmer but that he rented his farm . By 1915 , however Herman had acquired a thirty-three acre farm near his house tract . The 1915 county tax list recorded the value of his seven-acre house site at $ 69.00 . Changes to the house during Herman 's occupancy included the stair and the addition of brackets to the gable eaves when the roof was extended . When Herman purchased the house , it was known as the “ Red House ” because of its reddish-brown color , but the Herman family had painted the house white . Milton Herman died in 1950 after living in the house for 48 years . The house was inherited by his son Wortha Herman who continued to own the house until recently . The seven acre house lot was at some undermined date , reunited with some of the original George Huffman farm , creating the remaining 17.4 acres . The house and remaining farm is currently owned by Classic Leather , Inc. , a leather upholstery company . The company owners keep the house and grounds mowed and plan to continue to preserve the house and cemetery .
The `` George Huffman '' house has recently been moved to the historic Murray 's Mill site on Murray 's Mill Road in Catawba County , where it can be toured/visited by visitors of the mill . Mr. Huffman was a man of great rapport in Catawba County in the 1800s . George Huffman ( 1780-1848 ) owned a vast amount of property , farming equipment and several slaves . He was a Captain in the War of 1812 , though was frequently referred to as `` Major '' George Huffman .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
References
3. https : //files.nc.gov/ncdcr/nr/CT0407.pdf
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1810
Houses in Catawba County , North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County , North Carolina
Mutarule is a village near Luberizi , in South Kivu , Democratic Republic of the Congo . It is noted for a number of violent incidents since the 2010s .
History
In August 2013 , eight residents of Mutarule were killed in an attack by unidentified armed men .
Mutarele was scene to the 2014 South Kivu attack in which 35 villagers were killed .
References
Populated places in South Kivu
Bourg-en-Bresse is a railway station located in Bourg-en-Bresse , Ain , eastern France . The station was opened in 1855 and is located on the Ligne du Haut-Bugey , Mouchard–Bourg-en-Bresse railway , Lyon-Bourg-en-Bresse railway and Mâcon-Ambérieu railway . The train services are operated by SNCF .
Train services
The station is served by the following service ( s ) :
High speed services ( TGV ) Paris - Bellegarde - Geneva
High speed services ( TGV ) Paris - Bellegarde - Annemasse - Evian-les-Bains
High speed services ( TGV ) Paris - Aix-les-Bains - Annecy
Regional services ( TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté ) Besançon - Mouchard - Lons-le-Saunier - Bourg-en-Bresse - Lyon
Regional services ( TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté ) Dijon - St-Jean-de-Losne - Seurre - Louhans - Bourg-en-Bresse
Local services ( TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes ) Bourg-en-Bresse - Oyonnax - Saint-Claude
Local services ( TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes ) Ambérieu - Bourg-en-Bresse - Mâcon
References
Railway stations in Ain
Railway stations in France opened in 1856
The name Seniang has been used for twelve tropical cyclones in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific . Seniang is a nickname for a woman .
Typhoon Ida ( 1956 ) ( T6412 , 15W , Seniang ) – struck the Philippines and China , killing 75 people .
Typhoon Nina ( 1968 ) ( T6826 , 31W , Seniang )
Tropical Depression Seniang ( 1972 )
Typhoon Hope ( 1976 ) ( T7619 , 19W , Seniang )
Tropical Depression Seniang ( 1980 )
Tropical Depression Seniang ( 1984 )
Typhoon Odessa ( 1988 ) ( T8826 , 21W , Seniang )
Typhoon Gay ( 1992 ) ( T9231 , 31W , Seniang ) – long-lived Category 5 super typhoon that affected the Marshall Islands and struck Guam .
Tropical Storm Beth ( 1996 ) ( T9622 , 32W , Seniang ) – struck Luzon and then made landfall in Vietnam .
Tropical Storm Bebinca ( 2000 ) ( T0021 , 31W , Seniang ) – struck the Philippines .
Typhoon Utor ( 2006 ) ( T0622 , 25W , Seniang ) – struck the Philippines .
Tropical Storm Jangmi ( 2014 ) ( T1423 , 23W , Seniang ) – struck the Philippines , causing the deaths of 66 people and ₱1.27 billion in damages .
Seniang was retired from use in the Philippine area of responsibility following the 2014 typhoon season and replaced with Samuel .
Pacific typhoon set index articles
EEJ may refer to :
Electroejaculation
Equatorial electrojet
Truancy is a compilation album that features fifteen of Pete Townshend 's greatest hits . The album also features two brand-new tracks : `` Guantanamo '' and `` How Can I Help You '' .
Track listing
`` Pure And Easy ''
`` Sheraton Gibson ''
`` ( Nothing Is Everything ) Let 's See Action ''
`` My Baby Gives It Away ''
`` A Heart To Hang Onto ''
`` Keep Me Turning ''
`` Let My Love Open The Door ''
`` Rough Boys ''
`` The Sea Refuses No River ''
`` Face Dances ( Part 2 ) ''
`` White City Fighting ''
`` Face The Face ''
`` I Wo n't Run Anymore ''
`` English Boy ''
`` You Came Back ''
`` Guantanamo ''
`` How Can I Help You ''
References
2015 compilation albums
Pete Townshend compilation albums
The James Monroe ( named after James Monroe ) is a 312-foot-tall ( 95-m ) residential skyscraper in the Newport neighborhood of Jersey City , New Jersey . It was completed in 1989 and has 34 floors and stands at a height of 312 feet ( 95 meters ) . The 443-unit , 34-story residential condominium tower contains studio apartments , one and two bedroom units , and three bedroom duplexes . It was developed by the Lefrak Organization of Rego Park , Queens together with Melvin Simon & Associates of Indianapolis and the Glimcher Company of Columbus , Ohio .
History
Developer Samuel J. LeFrak first inspected the building site , with views of the Manhattan skyline , rail connections , and proximity to the city , in 1983 . Construction on the Monroe began in 1986 and the building was completed in 1989 . The proximity to Manhattan attracted immediate attention from New Yorkers . It opened in 1989 , just before a real estate recession hit that lasted until 1995 . The company missed and had to renegotiate a mortgage payment in 1991 .
The James Monroe was built relatively early in the transformation of the largely abandoned , post-industrial waterfront of `` old factories and rotting rail yards '' that made up the Jersey City waterfront in the 1980s and 90s into an upscale , residential neighborhood . The building is part of a larger building boom in Jersey City 's decayed railroad and warehouse waterfront district which is being redeveloped with large towers such as the James Monroe . It has since attracted international buyers .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Jersey City
References
Residential skyscrapers in Jersey City , New Jersey
Residential buildings completed in 1989
Hallvard Graatop was a 15th-century Norwegian rebel leader who fought against Erik of Pomerania . The name `` Graatop '' , meaning `` Gray-top '' is probably a nom de guerre , possibly referring to gray hair or a gray hood ( as a wanted outlaw , he may have concealed his face ) . Graatop 's true identity is unknown . Popular stories in the Telemark area claim him to be `` Lord '' Hallvard Torbjørnsen of Roaldstad ( later known as Vrålstad ) farm .
Causes of the conflict
The Black Death , which wrought havoc throughout Europe during the 14th century , had decimated the ruling families of Scandinavia . King Olav of Denmark and Norway was the last native ruler in Scandinavia . When he died in 1387 , his wife Margareta took over the rule of those two countries and then Sweden as well . In 1397 in the town of Kalmar in Sweden , the Union of the three lands under a single crown was made official and Erik of Pomerania was chosen as king . Erik fatefully chose to govern the three kingdoms from Denmark using the Danish aristocracy .
The Danish aristocracy naturally saw to their best interests and slowly alienated the residents of Sweden and Norway whom they tried to rule . In Sweden Engelbrekt Engelbrektson led a successful rebellion in 1434 . In 1436 Amund Sigurdsson Bolt tried to do the same in Norway , but failed . Enter Hallvard Graatop . He raised an army of peasants to challenge the harsh Danish rule in Oslo . Hallvard and his army of Norwegians fought the Danes in 1438 , but failed to secure their freedom . This third rebellion in under a decade , however , led the Danish aristocracy to turn on King Erik , whose harsh policies had fomented the disdain in which Danes were now held by their northern neighbors . They saw to the ouster of King Erik in 1439 . In 1442 the Swedes were officially regranted sovereignty , however , the Danish aristocracy was unwilling to give up Norway . The next decade saw them reconquer the country and annex outright the Norwegian colonies of Greenland , Iceland , and the Faroes .
Controversy
The identity of Hallvard Graatop has been disputed by more modern scholars . Some claim the connection to a Hallvard Torbjornsson or Toresson living at the Vraalstad farm in Drangedal in the 15th century is entirely based upon hearsay and speculation . As a rebel leader , he would certainly have been executed by his adversaries if caught , thus it 's quite reasonable that he deliberately covered his tracks . It seems that he was successful in this respect , as there 's no record of his execution .
Notes and references
Voxland , Melvin Voxland Viking Saga , 1980 .
Naeseth , Gerhard Wrolstad Family History , 1978 .
15th-century Norwegian people
Unidentified people
Popular revolt in late-medieval Europe
Norwegian rebels
People from Drangedal
Daniel Luke Ingram ( born June 13 , 1975 ) is a Canadian composer and lyricist , primarily for animated series soundtracks . He has written more than 200 songs for television , in genres ranging from pop and classic rock to large-scale Broadway-style musical theater . His music has been heard in 180 countries . He is mostly known for his work as the songwriter of My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic and the films based on the series . He has written over 80 songs for My Little Pony since 2010 .
Ingram has received several awards for his music . Between 2012 and 2017 , he has been nominated for five Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Original Song in a Children 's or Animated Series . `` Becoming Popular ( The Pony Every Pony Should Know ) '' and `` May The Best Pet Win '' from My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic were nominated in 2012 , while `` The Magic Inside '' and `` Legend of Everfree '' were nominated in 2016 and 2017 and `` If You 're A Guy '' from The Littlest Pet Shop was nominated in 2013 . He received a 2010 Leo Award for Best Music in an Animated Series for Martha Speaks , and the 2008 Leo Award for Best Music in a Variety Television Show for About a Girl .
On October 18 , 2012 , Hub Network ( now known as Discovery Family ) officially announced that Ingram will be performing double duties as songwriter for the third season of My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic and the new series The Littlest Pet Shop . In 2013 , he received a Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation along with Steffan Andrews for his work in the Friendship Is Magic episode `` Magical Mystery Cure '' . He has also been featured in Rolling Stone for his work on My Little Pony . Ingram described both Alan Menken and Randy Newman as an influence on his work .
Filmography
Web production
# TweetIt : Featuring My Little Pony Staff and Bronies - Himself
Rainbow Rocks : Music to My Ears - Animated Short ( Composer )
Rainbow Rocks : Shake Your Tail - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer )
Rainbow Rocks : Perfect Day for Fun - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer/Writer )
Rainbow Rocks : Friendship Through the Ages - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer/Writer )
Rainbow Rocks : Life is a Runway - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer/Writer )
Rainbow Rocks : My Past is Not Today - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer/Writer )
Summertime Short : Good Vibes - Animated Short / Music Video ( Composer/Writer )
Television scores
Martha Speaks , Seasons 1 - 4 ( Composer )
Pound Puppies , Seasons 1 & 2 ( Composer and infrequent Songwriter )
The Adventures of Chuck and Friends , Seasons 1 & 2 ( Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls – Dance Magic - ( Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , Seasons 1 - 9 ( Songwriter , Composer )
Littlest Pet Shop , ( Composer , Songwriter )
On Screen ! , Seasons 1 - 3 ( Composer )
The Math Show ( Composer )
Leroy Dorsalfin ( Composer )
About a Girl , Season 1 ( Composer )
Ricky Sprocket , Season 1 ( Additional Music )
Empty Arms ( Composer )
The Older I Get the Wiser I Get ( Composer )
A Daughter 's Conviction ( Additional Music )
Imaginary Playmate ( Additional Music )
Last Chance Café ( Additional Music )
Pucca , Season 1 ( Additional Music )
EARTH = home ( Additional Music )
Children of Tsunami : No More Tears ( Composer )
Return of the Tall Ships ( Composer )
Nobody TV movie ( Additional Music )
Film scores
My Little Pony : The Movie ( Composer/Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls ( Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks ( Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls – Friendship Games ( Songwriter )
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls – Legend of Everfree ( Songwriter )
Love Notes TV movie ( Composer )
To Be Fat Like Me TV movie ( Additional Music )
Kung Fu Magoo ( Composer )
Video games
Billie Bust Up ( Composer )
Voice acting
My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic - Tourist Pony 2 ( episode : `` Rarity Takes Manehattan '' ) ( uncredited cameo )
Music supervision and editing
The Week the Women Went , Season 2
Combat School , Season 1
Ricky Sprocket , Season 1
Crash Test Mommy , Seasons 2 - 4
Pucca , Season 1
Stunt Dawgs , Season 1
The Stagers , Seasons 1 - 2
Second Sight , TV movie
Awards and nominations
2008 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in a Music , Comedy , or Variety Program or Series ( About a Girl , winner )
2009 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( Martha Speaks , nominee )
2010 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( Martha Speaks , winner )
2012 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Song in a Children 's or Animated Series ( `` May The Best Pet Win '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , nominee )
2012 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Song in a Children 's or Animated Series ( `` Becoming Popular ( The Pony Every Pony Should Know ) '' - My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic , nominee )
2013 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( `` Magical Mystery Cure '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , winner )
2013 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Song in a Children 's or Animated Series ( `` If You 're A Guy '' - The Littlest Pet Shop , nominee )
2014 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( `` Pinkie Pride '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , nominee )
2016 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Song in a Non-Drama Series ( `` The Magic Inside '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , nominee )
2016 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( `` Nina 's Birthday '' - Nina 's World with Caleb Chan , nominee )
2016 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( `` Crusaders of the Lost Mark '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , winner )
2017 Leo Award for Best Musical Score in an Animation Program or Series ( `` A Hearth 's Warming Tail '' - My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic with Caleb Chan , nominee )
2017 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Song in a Non-Drama Series ( `` Legend of Everfree '' - My Little Pony : Equestria Girls – Legend of Everfree , nominee )
Notes
References
External links
Interview on Equestria Daily
Interview on Studio 4 with Host Fanny Kiefer
Interview on The Express , Vancouver May 25 , 2011
Interview on 918TheFan
1975 births
Animation composers
Canadian film score composers
Canadian male voice actors
Male film score composers
Canadian television composers
Musicians from Vancouver
My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic
Living people
Batrachedra enormis , the large batrachedra moth , is a moth in the family Batrachedridae . It is found in Mexico and the southern United States , where it has been recorded from Alabama , Arizona , California , Louisiana , New Mexico and South Carolina .
The wingspan is 28 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing in April , June and from August to October .
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Ryan Robert Feierabend ( born August 22 , 1985 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and Toronto Blue Jays . Feierabend also played in the KBO League for the Nexen Heroes and KT Wiz , and in the Chinese Professional Baseball League ( CPBL ) for the Uni-President Lions .
Feierabend was selected in the third round ( 86th overall ) by the Mariners in the 2003 Major League Baseball draft out of Midview High School in Grafton , Ohio .
Professional career
Seattle Mariners
2006
Feierabend was recalled from the Double-A San Antonio Missions on September 8 , . He threw six scoreless innings over his first two major league appearances before making his first start on September 24 against the Chicago White Sox . He allowed two runs in five innings in his second start on September 29 against the Texas Rangers , earning a no-decision . Feierabend was 9–12 with a 4.28 earned run average in 28 starts at San Antonio .
2007
In he started the year with the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers , but had four stints with Seattle . He was 1–6 with a 10.27 earned run average in 9 starts and had 0.77 earned run average in four relief appearances for the Mariners . He was recalled from Tacoma on May 29 and made season debut that night in start against the Los Angeles Angels . He picked up his only win of the season on June 3 against the Texas Rangers , allowing 4 runs on 7 hits while striking out 5 in a career-high innings . He was optioned back to Tacoma on June 4 . He was recalled on July 24 and started game one of a doubleheader at Texas rerecording the loss allowing two runs on six hits in five innings . He was optioned back to Tacoma between games . He was recalled for fourth time on September 1 , appearing in five games , including two starts to end the season .
2008
He started the season with Tacoma , but finished year with Seattle . He made 8 starts with the Mariners . He was named the Mariners ' Triple-A Pitcher of the Year at the end of the season .
Feierabend spent the majority of the season with Tacoma , going 7–1 with a 2.16 in 13 starts . He struck out a season-high seven batters in six innings in first start of the season on April 3 against the Sacramento River Cats . He went 3–0 with a 1.49 earned run average in seven starts at Cheney Stadium . He was placed on the minor league disabled list with a left elbow strain from May 17 to July 24 , marking the first time in his career that he was on the disabled list . He made four rehab appearances with the rookie-level Peoria Mariners and the short-season Everett AquaSox .
On August 17 , he was recalled and recorded the loss in season debut that night against the Minnesota Twins , allowing six runs on ten hits in three innings . He picked up only win of the season on September 7 against the New York Yankees . He led the Mariners and was tied for fifth in the American League with six pickoffs , despite only tossing innings .
2009 and 2010
Feierabend underwent left elbow surgery which forced him to miss the entire season on March 15 . He returned in 2010 to pitch in 25 games over three levels .
Philadelphia Phillies / York Revolution / Cincinnati Reds
In 2011 , he played in the Philadelphia Phillies organization . He started 2012 with the York Revolution of Atlantic League of Professional Baseball . He then signed with the Cincinnati Reds organization in June .
Texas Rangers
Feierabend was signed to a minor league contract by the Texas Rangers on January 15 , 2013 , with an invitation to minor league camp . He was called up by the Rangers on July 12 , 2014 . He was designated for assignment on August 1 . Feierabend elected free agency in October 2014 .
Nexen Heroes
On December 3 , 2014 , he signed a one year/ $ 270,000 ( USD ) deal to play for the KBO 's Nexen Heroes for the 2015 season .
KT Wiz
After being released mid-season by the Heroes , Feierabend signed with the KBO 's KT Wiz in 2016 . He re-signed with the team for the 2017 and 2018 seasons , and became a free agent following the 2018 season . Beginning in 2017 , Feierabend began throwing a knuckleball consistently as part of his pitching arsenal .
Toronto Blue Jays
On February 14 , 2019 , Feierabend signed a minor league contract with the Toronto Blue Jays . On May 18 , his contract was selected and he was called up to the major league roster . That same day , he pitched the Blue Jays ' only complete game of the season , in a 4–1 loss to the Chicago White Sox . The game was called due to rain after the top of the fifth , with Feierabend having pitched four innings . He was designated for assignment on May 24 , cleared waivers , and was assigned outright to the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons . He elected free agency following the 2019 season .
Uni-President Lions
On January 31 , 2020 , Feierabend signed with the Uni-President Lions of the Chinese Professional Baseball League . On June 26 , 2020 , the Lions announced that the organization and Feierabend would officially part ways effective July 1 , as he wished to be with his family during the COVID-19 pandemic and did n't agree to the terms of a proposed contract extension .
Lake Erie Crushers
On April 8 , 2021 , Feierabend signed with the Lake Erie Crushers of the Frontier League . In 93.1 innings pitched across 18 games , Feierabend posted an 8-5 record and 2.80 ERA while striking out 100 . On September 6 , Feierabend announced his retirement from professional baseball .
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Arizona League Mariners players
Baseball players from Cleveland
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Everett AquaSox players
Frisco RoughRiders players
High Desert Mavericks players
Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino players
KBO League pitchers
Kiwoom Heroes players
KT Wiz players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Louisville Bats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New Hampshire Fisher Cats
Round Rock Express players
San Antonio Missions players
Seattle Mariners players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Texas Rangers players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Uni-President Lions players
West Tennessee Diamond Jaxx players
Wisconsin Timber Rattlers players
York Revolution players
The Battle of Nuremberg was a five-day battle between the forces of the United States 7th Army on one side , and Nazi Germany and Russian Liberation Army volunteers on the other during the last days of World War II . The battle saw some of the fiercest urban combat during the war and it took four days for the United States to capture the city . The battle was a blow to Nazi Germany as Nuremberg was a center of the Nazi regime . The Nuremberg Rallies took place in the city and to lose the city to the Americans took a heavy toll on already low German morale . Even though American forces heavily outnumbered the German forces , it was n't until 20 April , that the 7th Army took the city center . The battle devastated the city .
Background
The Western Allies invaded Germany from the west on 8 February 1945 . The German Army took heavy losses as the Allied armies crossed the Rhine and surrounded the Ruhr area as the Soviet armies pushed from the east . By April the US and Soviet armies were closing in on each other , constricting an already narrow gap of German-controlled territory running from Berlin to Munich and including Nuremberg . As the 12th Army Group continued to push east towards Berlin , the 6th Army Group received orders to push into southern Germany and into Austria . Despite the heavier resistance from the German Army in the south as compared to the north , the US 7th Army broke out of its bridgehead on the Rhine south of Frankfurt on 28 March . After fierce fighting , the 7th Army captured Aschaffenburg in Bavaria on 3 April and Heilbronn in Württemberg on 12 April , which left Nuremberg wide open to American attack . On 12 April the German High Command ordered the unconditional defense of all cities and Hitler placed Reich Defense Commissioner and Gauleiter of Franconia Karl Holz in charge of the German forces around Nuremberg . On 15 April the 7th Army advanced towards Nuremberg , rapidly capturing Bamberg in the process . As the 7th Army neared Nuremberg , Holz ordered setting up anti-tank barriers as well as anti-aircraft guns around the old city . Holz 's forces were heavily outnumbered , but he still believed that `` the Americans would break sooner or later '' .
The battle
By 16 April , the 7th Army had begun its assault on Nuremberg , not from the west as Holz expected , but from the east and northeast . By the end of the day , the Americans had captured the outskirts of Erlenstegen and Buch . Arthur Schoeddert , a constable of anti-aircraft artillery , failed to execute Hitler 's orders to blow up electricity , gas and water plants in the city .
By 17 April , the 7th Army captured the marshaling yard and the surrounding area as well as the Veilhofstrasse and Woehrd neighborhoods . By evening , the airport to the north was captured and US artillery began to shell the old city . American troops met fierce resistance around the old city on 18 April , which destroyed and damaged many buildings around the old city , including the historic Nuremberg Castle . On 18 April , as American artillery continued to shell the old city , U.S. troops were able to reach the old city via the Burgschmietstrasse .
On 20 April , the 3rd Infantry Division under the command of Major General John W. O'Daniel and the 45th Infantry Division under Major General Robert T. Frederick laid siege to the old city . German resistance was so great that American heavy artillery and air support was deployed . Holz ordered his men to continue to fight . Holz himself was trapped in the police station in the old city , but continued to resist . After American troops gave him four chances for a peaceful surrender , he was killed while American troops overran the building . After Holz 's death , second-in-command Colonel Wolf realised that the city could no longer be held . At 11:00 he ordered all German troops in the area to surrender . On the evening of 20 April , the American flag was hoisted at Adolf Hitler Platz , formally ending the battle .
References
Battles of World War II involving the United States
Battles of World War II involving Germany
Western European Campaign ( 1944–1945 )
History of Nuremberg
April 1945 events in Europe
1945 in Germany
Conflicts in 1945
The FIA Contract Recognition Board ( CRB ) is a body set up by motorsports governing body , the FIA , to determine the legality of driver contracts and to settle disputes between Formula One teams over such contracts . The CRB meets in Geneva , Switzerland and is made up of independent lawyers who are considered to be suitably experienced in the law of contract . It aims to decide disputes in a few days , rather than the extended periods a court of law would take .
The CRB was formed after Michael Schumacher signed to drive for Benetton in , despite having agreed to discuss a contract with Jordan .
Timo Glock
During November 2007 , Glock signed a contract with Toyota for the 2008 season but BMW Sauber also claimed to have a valid contract for 2008 . The CRB ruled in favour of Toyota who then subsequently announced Glock as a driver .
Jenson Button
In August 2004 , Button signed a contract with Williams even though he had a valid contract with British American Racing . The CRB ruled in BAR 's favour on 20 October that year and Button remained with the team .
Although not a strict CRB decision , Button signed a contract with Williams to drive with them in 2006 , but then later felt he would be better placed at BAR to get his maiden win . Although Frank Williams determined the contract to be watertight , he later settled with Button for £18m not to take his option at Williams .
Oscar Piastri
Piastri was signed to the Renault Sport Academy in 2020 as part of their Driver Development Program , which included racing in FIA Formula 3 , FIA Formula 2 and testing in Formula One . When Fernando Alonso signed for Aston Martin for the 2023 season , Alpine quickly announced Piastri 's promotion to a racing seat . However , Piastri quickly rebuffed Alpine 's announcement by claiming he never signed a contract to race with the team . The CRB met on 29 August 2022 to determine whether Piastri is contracted to Alpine , or if he is free to join a different team for 2023 . On 2 September , during the 2022 Dutch Grand Prix weekend , the CRB made a ruling against Alpine , recognising the contract between Piastri and McLaren signed on 4 July 2022 for the 2023 and 2024 seasons . McLaren announced Piastri 's signing shortly after the CRB 's decision .
References
Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile
The 1980 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season . The season is best known for a win over then- # 1 Alabama , often considered to be the greatest win in school history .
Schedule
Roster
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Glacier Lake is the fourth largest lake in Banff National Park , in Alberta , Canada .
Glacier Lake was named by Sir James Hector of the Palliser expedition in 1858 for the fact the lake is fed from glaciers , specifically the glaciers of the Lyell and Mons Icefields as well as the Forbes North Glacier . The lake is surrounded by Mount Outram , Division Mountain , and Mount Erasmus . The lake is fed and discharged by the Glacier River , which is a tributary of the Howse River . The lake can be accessed via a trail which starts near Saskatchewan River Crossing along the Icefields Parkway . Park at the Glacier Lake trailhead ( at the end of a short unnamed road 1.1 km ( 0.7 mi ) west of the David Thompson Highway turn-off ) .
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification , the lake experiences a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers . Temperatures can drop below -20 °C with wind chill factors below -30 °C in the winter .
See also
List of lakes of Alberta
References
Lakes of Alberta
Aromalunni is a 1975 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by Kunchacko , based on Vadakkan Pattukal , a collection of Northern Ballads of medieval origin . The film stars Prem Nazir , Vijayasree , Ravichandran and Sheela in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan . The film is a sequel to the 1966 film Unniyarcha . This film was a huge commercial success .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Aromalunni/Kunjiraman
Ravichandran as Thankhappan chekavar/Chandrappan
Vijayasree as Kanni
Sheela as Maakkam
K. P. Ummer as Thampikkutti
Ragini as Unniyarcha
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Thumbolarcha
Sathyan as Aromalchekavar
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Puthooram Veettil Kannappa Chekavar
N. Govindan Kutty
Manavalan Joseph
Adoor Pankajam
Alummoodan
G. K. Pillai
Kaduvakulam Antony
Paravoor Bharathan as Thirumeni
S. P. Pillai as Paanan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Kunchacko
Kalarippayattu films
Dom Teodósio I of Braganza ( ; 1510 – 22 September 1563 ) was the 5th Duke of Braganza , among other titles . He is known for ceding the title of Duke of Guimarães to Infante Duarte of Aviz , alongside some of the wealth and properties of the House of Braganza .
Biography
The Duke Teodósio I was an educated and refined man , a typical Renaissance prince . He loved painting and sculpture .
Marriage and Issue
In 1542 , he married his 1st cousin Isabel of Lencastre ( 1513–1558 ) , daughter of his uncle Dinis , and had John ( João ) I of Braganza , who succeeded him as 6th Duke of Braganza .
In 1559 , he remarried with Beatriz of Lencastre ( 1542–1623 ) , granddaughter of Infante George of Lencastre , Duke of Coimbra . Their first child , Jaime of Braganza , died without issue in 1578 , in the Battle of Alcacer Quibir . Their second child , Isabel , married the 1st Duke of Caminha .
Ancestry
Bibliography
`` Nobreza de Portugal e Brasil '' Vol . II , page 445 . Published by Zairol Lda. , Lisbon , 1989 .
Genealogy of Duke Teodósio I of Braganza ( in Portuguese )
VILA-SANTA , Nuno , `` O Duque como conselheiro : D. Teodósio e a Coroa em meados de Quinhentos ''
External links
|-
House of Braganza
Dukes of Braganza
103
1510 births
1563 deaths
16th-century Portuguese people
In mathematics , especially operator theory , a hyponormal operator is a generalization of a normal operator . In general , a bounded linear operator T on a complex Hilbert space H is said to be p-hyponormal ( ) if :
( That is to say , is a positive operator . ) If , then T is called a hyponormal operator . If , then T is called a semi-hyponormal operator . Moreover , T is said to be log-hyponormal if it is invertible and
An invertible p-hyponormal operator is log-hyponormal . On the other hand , not every log-hyponormal is p-hyponormal .
The class of semi-hyponormal operators was introduced by Xia , and the class of p-hyponormal operators was studied by Aluthge , who used what is today called the Aluthge transformation .
Every subnormal operator ( in particular , a normal operator ) is hyponormal , and every hyponormal operator is a paranormal convexoid operator . Not every paranormal operator is , however , hyponormal .
See also
Putnam 's inequality
References
Operator theory
is a Japanese former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1956 births
Living people
Japanese male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century Japanese people
In the Roman Catholic Church , a judicial vicar or episcopal official ( ) is an officer of the diocese who has ordinary power to judge cases in the diocesan ecclesiastical court . Although the diocesan bishop can reserve certain cases to himself , the judicial vicar and the diocesan bishop are a single tribunal , which means that decisions of the judicial vicar can not be appealed to the diocesan bishop but must instead be appealed to the appellate tribunal . The judicial vicar ( or ) ought to be someone other than the vicar general , unless the smallness of the diocese or the limited number of cases suggest otherwise . Other judges , who may be priests , deacons , religious brothers or sisters or nuns , or laypersons , and who must have knowledge of canon law and be Catholics in good standing , assist the judicial vicar either by deciding cases on a single judge basis or by forming with him a panel over which he or one of them presides . A judicial vicar may also be assisted by adjutant judicial vicars ( or vice-officiales ) . The judicial vicar is assisted by at least one , if not more , individuals with the title defender of the bond ; they are normally priests , but do not have to be . On staff will also be notaries and secretaries , who may be priests , religious brothers or sisters or nuns , or laypersons .
Judicial vicars , adjutants , and other judges who preside in cases must be priests of good repute , must be at least thirty years old , and must hold a doctorate or Licentiate of Canon Law .
Judicial vicars are to serve for a specific term of office and , unlike vicars general and episcopal vicars , do not cease from office when the diocese is without a bishop , either through the bishop 's death , resignation ( having been accepted by the Roman Pontiff ) , transfer , or privation of office ( having been made known to the bishop ) .
References
Tribunals of the Catholic Church
Catholic ecclesiastical titles
Maddy Morphosis is a drag performer most known for competing on season 14 of RuPaul 's Drag Race . He is the show 's first heterosexual male contestant .
Early life
Maddy Morphosis is from Fayetteville , Arkansas and worked at Target before appearing on Drag Race .
Career
Maddy Morphosis has been doing drag since 2017 and describes herself as `` Arkansas 's most overrated drag queen '' . Her name is a play on the word `` metamorphosis '' . Maddy Morphosis competed on season 14 of RuPaul 's Drag Race as the first straight , cisgender male contestant to appear on the show . Addressing the criticism of his casting , he said that he started doing drag after high school because it was `` a safe space for me to explore my own gender identity ... For anyone saying that I 'm representing an underrepresented group , I appreciate you , but straight men are not a persecuted and excluded group within the drag community . '' Maddy Morphosis ' entrance look on the first episode of Drag Race was inspired by Guy Fieri . Sam Damshenas of Gay Times wrote , `` Maddy immediately won over viewers due to her sheer respect for drag and LGBTQ+ culture , as well as her jaw-dropping runway presentations . '' Maddy Morphosis received the Golden Boot award during the reunion episode , and wore an Elvis Presley-inspired outfit during the season finale .
Personal life
Maddy Morphosis ' partner Jennifer Standridge is also a drag performer , known as Miss Liza . Maddy Morphosis identifies as heterosexual and cisgender , and uses the prounouns she/her when in drag . Maddy Morphosis has said , `` I identify as a cisgender straight man , but I gender non-conforming in my presentation . ''
Filmography
Television
Web series
Music videos
Awards and nominations
See also
List of people from Fayetteville , Arkansas
References
External links
Living people
American drag queens
People from Fayetteville , Arkansas
RuPaul 's Drag Race contestants
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart is a record chart which ranks the best-selling rock and heavy metal songs in the United Kingdom . Compiled and published by the Official Charts Company , the data is based on each track 's weekly physical sales , digital downloads and streams . In 1997 , there were 21 singles that topped the 52 published charts . The first number-one single of the year was `` In the Meantime '' , the debut single by alternative rock band Spacehog , which spent the first three weeks of the year at number one . The final number-one single of the year was `` The Memory Remains '' by American heavy metal band Metallica .
The most successful song on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart in 1997 was `` The Memory Remains '' by Metallica , which spent the last six weeks of the year at number one . Reef 's `` Come Back Brighter '' was number one for five weeks , while the band also spent two weeks atop the chart with `` Yer Old '' . Green Day 's `` Hitchin ' a Ride '' also spent five weeks at number one , while Jon Bon Jovi was number one for five weeks with `` Midnight in Chelsea '' ( three weeks ) and `` Queen of New Orleans '' ( two weeks ) . Marilyn Manson 's `` Tourniquet '' spent three weeks at number one and one week with `` The Beautiful People '' , while `` In the Meantime '' by Spacehog , `` Song 2 '' by Blur and `` Monkey Wrench '' by Foo Fighters were all number one for three weeks . Five singles – `` Swallowed '' by Bush , `` Falling in Love ( Is Hard on the Knees ) '' by Aerosmith , `` Freak '' by Silverchair , `` Afraid '' by Mötley Crüe and `` Anthem '' by The Wildhearts – spent two weeks each at number one on the chart during 1997 .
Chart history
See also
1997 in British music
List of UK Rock & Metal Albums Chart number ones of 1997
References
External links
Official UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart Top 40 at the Official Charts Company
The Official UK Top 40 Rock Singles at BBC Radio 1
1997 in British music
United Kingdom Rock and Metal Singles
1997
Diamniadio is a town in Senegal .
History
Diamniadio is a part of the collective development program of the government of Senegal under the leadership of President Macky Sall to revitalize Senegal 's economy . The development of the new city is taking place around 30 km from Dakar , close to the Blaise Diagne International Airport , which opened in December 2017 . The Diamniadio Lake City is one of its suburbs .
The idea behind the development is to ease the population pressure on Dakar . On completion , the new city will be connected to Dakar through a 32 km express highway , which will reduce the travel time from 90 minutes to an average of 30 minutes .
After visiting in November 2017 , the minister in charge of the project , Cheikh Kanté , described the site as `` 80 % completed '' . The first residential areas had been completed , as had several hotels initially serving the new airport . Manufacturing areas , the Amadou-Mahtar-Mbow University , and the planned railway station , part of the Train Express Regional , are facing delays .
Population
According to the official estimates of 2007 , the population of Diamniadio was 12,326 . Upon completion of the Diamniadio Lake City , the government is expecting that around 300,000 of the population will move to the new city .
Transport
The new city is connected to Dakar by a 32 km toll highway , which initially reduced travel time from 90 minutes to 15–30 .
Diamniadio is also connected to Dakar by a new railway line , the Train Express Regional , which ran its first train in December 2021 and is a part of the link between Dakar and Blaise Diagne International Airport .
References
Populated places in Dakar Region
Communes of Senegal
Planned cities
is a Japanese composer and sound engineer formally for Bandai Namco Entertainment . His most known work surfaced with Katamari Damacy soundtracks , on which he served as a sound director . Other notable works include various tracks in the Tekken and Ridge Racer series .
Biography
As a child , Miyake attended his mother 's Electone classes . However , he could not adapt to the pieces he was given to play . He also listened to anime themes , disco and Yellow Magic Orchestra .
Prior to joining Namco , Miyake was a university student specializing in management information . His first game with the company was Tekken 3 . This led to him working on subsequent titles in the franchise , including Tekken Tag Tournament and Tekken 4 . He considers his work on these games to be his `` specialty '' .
In 2000 , Miyake worked with Namco director Keita Takahashi on a video project called `` Texas 2000 '' . Takahashi was so impressed with his work that he gave him full responsibility as sound director on the 2004 release Katamari Damacy . He was given creative freedom , and considers the sound design and music to have been a major aspect of the game 's success . He aimed to write catchy melodies for the game , feeling that video game music since the second half of the 90s had become unmemorable . He also served as the sound director for future titles in the series , and composed for Takahashi 's Noby Noby Boy in 2009 .
In 2011 , he left Bandai Namco to become a freelance composer and established Miyakeyuu Studio , feeling that he would not grow any further as a musician at the company . He has continued to contribute tracks to further Bandai Namco games , and has also worked on games by other companies . He also started a side project with former Bandai Namco co-worker Yoshihito Yano , named Mikanz . Miyake attended MAGFest 13 in January 2015 , holding a QA conference and performing various Katamari Damacy series songs under his DJ handle of `` eutron '' . Yano also attended the event .
Outside of his work in the video game industry , he has served as a part-time lecturer at Tokyo Polytechnic University since 2014 .
Works
References
External links
Yuu Miyake at MobyGames
1973 births
Japanese audio engineers
Japanese composers
Japanese male composers
Katamari
Living people
Video game composers
Japanese techno musicians
Radulf ( fl . 1223–1226 ) is an obscure churchman in early 13th-century Scotland , elected as Bishop of Dunblane some time between 1223 and 1225 . The first of only two notices of his existence occurs in an Arbroath Abbey deed where he is styled `` Radulf elect of Dunblane '' ; the document can be dated to 1223–1225 . On 12 January 1226 Pope Honorius III instructed the Bishop of St Andrews , the Bishop of Moray and the Bishop of Caithness , to enjoin a new election for the bishopric of Dunblane , as `` R. elected Bishop of Dunblane '' had resigned in the Pope 's presence a short time before . There are no clues as to Radulf 's career after that . The Cathedral chapter of the diocese elected one Osbert in his place . Cockburn suggested Radulf was probably a Frenchman who had immigrated to Scotland , who got elected Bishop , but decided he would rather stay in Continental Europe after he travelled there for consecration , perhaps being offered a better post there .
Notes
References
12th-century births
13th-century deaths
Bishops of Dunblane
13th-century Scottish Roman Catholic bishops
Clathrinidae is a family of calcareous sponges in the order Clathrinida . It contains the following genera :
Arturia Borojevia Brattegardia Clathrina Ernstia Nicola
References
L.A. Record is an independent music magazine originally published weekly as a broadsheet poster . The poster usually depicts a local Los Angeles musicians and according to the magazine editors is meant to recreate an iconic album cover . In March 2008 , it began publishing as a monthly magazine with a poster inside . The magazine is available to the public free of charge at local community spots in Southern California .
History
The magazine was founded in 2005 by publisher Charlie Rose ( not the TV personality ) , DJ and writer Chris Ziegler , Fuck Yeah Fest promoter Sean Carlson ( involved from 2005 to 2007 ) and photographer Dan Monick . Their first issue featuring the Rolling Blackouts was set up as a parody of the New York Dolls ' self-titled album cover . The cover and concept was chosen because the Rolling Blackouts were playing with the New York Dolls at the 2005 Sunset Junction Street Fair . The tradition of recreating album covers was developed by other bands who also wanted to recreate their favorite record cover . While there is no official rule , it has appeared in every issue . Now the publication is known for interviewing many local LA bands before they become popular in the mainstream including the Cold War Kids , Spindrift , Health , Flying Lotus , Moonrats , and Blank Blue . In January 2009 , the Los Angeles Times recommended the L.A. Record as a resource to readers who would like to `` separate the wheat from the chaff in the world of striving L.A. musicians '' and lauded it for its `` photography , promiscuous taste from avant-noise to vintage soul , eager but not worshipful writing and rad pull-out posters of RZA . ''
It concluded its first volume , a 29-issue run which began in August 2005 with the Rolling Blackouts , in March 2006 with Melvins collaborator and solo artist David Scott Stone . The second volume of 46 issues , also a weekly broadsheet , began in February 2007 with Big Business and concluded in December 2007 with AntiMC , leaving 75 total poster issues .
For the third volume , which began in March 2008 with Pocahaunted on the cover and BARR on the poster , L.A. Record began publishing monthly as a sixteen-page newsprint magazine with a poster as the centerfold . The website was also redesigned to make room for more content in February 2008 .
Other visual contributors include photographer Chrissy Piper who shot several covers for Volume 1 and Erik Brunetti ( owner and founder of FUCT ) , Ashkahn who did design work on several covers .
In August 2008 the magazine printed what may have been Isaac Hayes ' last known interview .
The magazine
The magazine has come in three types of format . It was first a broadsheet format containing an interview with a musician from Los Angeles , also featured on the cover . There is also an interview with a visiting band on tour , and other reviews or previews of local music , art , film , comedy and entertainment events .
The next format type was a monthly magazine which includes several interviews with local and touring bands as well as album reviews , original artwork , illustrated comic reviews of shows and records and expanded interviews . Also each issue includes a 22 × 32 inch poster featuring a local Los Angeles artist recreating an album cover of their choice . In May 2010 , editorial staff announced that the magazine will be turning into a quarterly , which will feature local bands in addition to touring artists .
The first quarterly came out on July 31 , 2010 , and featured Flying Lotus on the cover . Ariel Pink 's Haunted Graffiti was pictured in a center gatefold .
The magazine is also known to release vinyl 45 singles . The first one by L.A. Record writer and musician Devon Williams was released in summer 2007 to high acclaim . As a small but growing magazine it is becoming accepted and read among other industry magazines
The website
The website features live reviews and album reviews that are updated multiple times a week . While some of these reviews are reprints of items published in the newspaper , many of them are unique to the website . The site also hosts videos and mp3s of local artists .
References
External links
L.A. Record official site
Sample of old poster format magazine
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Music magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2005
2005 establishments in California
Magazines published in Los Angeles
Professional and trade magazines
The Pardoo mine was an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 75 kilometres east of Port Hedland .
The mine was fully owned and operated by Atlas Iron and was , at the time of commencement of production , the company 's only operational mine . Atlas Iron is an iron ore explorer , developer and producer , predominantly active in the Pilbara region .
Atlas Iron is a minor iron ore mining company , especially compare to the three big Pilbara iron ore miners , BHP , Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Group .
Overview
The mine commenced production in October 2008 and was the first producing mine to be operated by Atlas Iron . Ore is crushed and screened on site before being hauled by road trains to Port Hedland , where the ore is shipped from . The mine cost A $ 12 million to develop but , on start up of production , was troubled by the Global financial crisis , with Atlas having hoped to sell its production on the spot market . Falling demands at the time however proved to be a challenge for the company as it had to find buyers for its ore. Atlas was able to recover from this position and , by the second half of 2009 , sharply increasing revenue from its mine .
Mining was carried out in an open pit operation . In its first year of operation , the mine produced 1.08 million tonnes of ore , but in full production , the mine was scheduled to produce 2.4 million tonnes of iron ore annually .
In 2010 , Atlas commenced production on its Wodgina mine , also located in the Pilbara . The company planned to lift production from its Pilbara operations to 12 million tonnes of iron ore by 2012 , up from 6.5 million tonnes in late 2010 . Of these , 10 million tonnes were scheduled to come from the new Turner River hub , which was to blend and process ore from the company 's northern Pilbara projects , located at Wodgina , Abydos and Mt Webber .
Atlas was hopeful to come to terms with BHP in regards to using the company 's rail infrastructure , the Goldsworthy railway . BHP , in late 2010 , had agreed to a joint feasibility study into how an arrangement might work .
The mine , consisting of the mine infrastructure , eleven open pits and six waste stockpiles , was closed in 2013 after its resources were depleted .
References
External links
Atlas Iron Limited website
MINEDEX website : Pardoo mine Database of the Department of Mines , Industry Regulation and Safety
Atlas Iron
Iron ore mines in Western Australia
Surface mines in Australia
Port Hedland , Western Australia
2008 establishments in Australia
2013 disestablishments in Australia
Simonovski ( ) is a Macedonian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Simonovska . It may refer to
Kiril Simonovski ( 1915–1984 ) , Macedonian football player
Marko Simonovski ( born 1992 ) , Macedonian football player
Marko Simonovski ( basketball ) ( born 1989 ) , Macedonian basketball player
Macedonian-language surnames
Lu Yi ( , born 6 January 1976 ) is a Chinese actor and pop singer .
Lu ranked 38th on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2015 , and 47th in 2017 .
Early life
Lu Yi was born in Shanghai , China . He made his debut in the film `` Spring Ding-dong '' when he was five years old . Since then , Lu has acted in many films and television series . In Grade 8 , Lu began to learn Peking Opera and Chinese Kung Fu . At the age of 14 , Lu was admitted to the Shanghai Children Art Theatre , and has appeared in more than 70 stage plays .
Career
Lu made his debut in the television series , Never Close the Eye . Then still a student at Shanghai Theatre Academy , Lu was launched to national stardom . He won the Best Actor and Most Popular Actor awards in the Golden Eagle Awards .
His following works established his position in the industry . In 2001 , he starred in the popular period piece Love Story in Shanghai and played Bao Jingtian in historical drama Young Justice Bao II . The subsequent year , he won the Best Actor award at the Top Ten China TV Arts for his performance in the youth drama Field of Dreams . His 2003 drama , Boy & Girl which co-stars Ruby Lin became the highest rated drama of the year . Lu also ventured to films , starring in romantic film Fall in Love at First Sight ( 2002 ) alongside Fan Bingbing and A Time to Love with Zhao Wei – both earned him nominations at prestigious award ceremonies such as the Hundred Flowers Award and Changchun Film Festival . Lu also featured in Tsui Hark 's wuxia film Seven Swords .
Lu 's following works were successful , and established him as one of China 's premier actors . He starred in wuxia series Eight Heroes , sports racing drama Fast Track Love as well as Harbin under the Curtain of Night , which became a surprise hit and Lu impressed many with his portrayal of a tough worker . In 2009 , Lu starred in the popular idol drama My Youthfulness .
From 2010 , Lu tried to break out of his idol mold by taking on more serious roles . He starred as Zhuge Liang in the historical drama Three Kingdoms ( 2010 ) directed by Gao Xixi , which received widespread acclaim . He also played Su Dongpo in the biopic of the same name , which was released in 2012 . The series received positive reviews , and was named one of the Outstanding Television Series by SAFRT . The same year , he won the Golden Phoenix Awards for his performance in the war film The Sino-Japanese War at Sea 1894 .
However from 2013 to 2015 , Lu returned to his idol drama roots . He starred in historical romance series Palace 3 : The Lost Daughter ( 2014 ) with Mabel Yuan and Love Yunge from the Desert ( 2015 ) with Angelababy . Both series earned high ratings and Lu experienced a rise in popularity .
In 2017 , Lu starred in the hit political drama In the Name of People . He played the protagonist , a detective who unearthed corruption within a fictional Chinese city . The drama broke ratings record in China and was even featured in BBC News . He won the Best Actor in the revolutionary era drama genre at the Huading Awards for his performance .
In 2019 , Lu starred in the spy drama Lie Xiao .
Personal life
Lu Yi married actress Bao Lei in 2006 after a long time of dating since college . They have 2 daughters .
Filmography
Film
Television series
Discography
Albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1976 births
Male actors from Shanghai
Living people
Shanghai Theatre Academy alumni
Chinese male television actors
Chinese male film actors
Chinese male child actors
Chinese male stage actors
Participants in Chinese reality television series
Singers from Shanghai
Chinese Mandopop singers
20th-century Chinese male actors
21st-century Chinese male actors
21st-century Chinese male singers
Affiliated Chinese Opera School of Shanghai Theatre Academy alumni
Nicos Baikas ( born in Piraeus , 1948 ) is a Greek artist who lives and works in Athens . He started his art studies in 1967 at the Athens School of Fine Arts and later studied at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence . He started exhibiting his works in the 1980s and achieved some notability in Germany after his participation in the Documenta 9 art exhibition , in 1992 . His work is a synthesis of words and images , usually performed with pencil on paper in black and white .
Selected personal exhibitions
2001 Basilica of Saint Mark Iraklion , Crete
1994 Centre d ' Art Contemporain , Geneva
Selected group exhibitions
2016 Athens , EMST National Museum of Contemporary Art , `` Urgent Conversations , Athens- Antwerp ''
2010 Herford , Museum MARTa Herford , I Really Do n't Know What Art Is : Insights into a Private Collection
2003 Rome , MAXXI ( Museo nazionale delle arti del XXI secolo ) , Le collezioni : acquisizioni di arte contemporanea
2002 Kassel , Neue Galerie , Staatliche Museen Kassel , Documenta-Erwerbungen für die Neue Galerie .
1993 Ghent , S.M.A.K . Museum of Contemporary Art , In Extenso / acquisitions 1989-1992
Antwerp , Antwerp Cultural Capital , Europese Ontmoetingen
1992 Kassel , Documenta IX
Ghent , S.M.A.K . Museum of Contemporary Art , Edition – Documenta IX
Aalst Belfort , Cultural Centre De Werf , Belfry , Stedelijk Museum , Papier Beeld & Basis
1991 Paris , Fondation Cartier pour l'Art Contemporain , Lignes de mire 2
1990 Paris , Fondation Cartier pour l'Art Contemporain , Carnet de Voyages
1989 Athens , Deste Foundation , Psychological Abstraction
Deurle , , Europese Raaklijnen
1986 Brussels , Palais des Beaux Arts , Au coeur du Maelström
1984 Thessaloniki , Municipal Art Gallery ( Thessaloniki ) , 5 Greek Artists
1981 Brussels , Palais des Beaux Arts , Art International d'Aujourd'hui , J.P. 3
Selected bibliography
Jan Hoet : `` Nicos Baikas '' in catalogue `` Art International d'Aujourd ' hui '' J.P.3 Palais des Beaux Arts , Brussels , 1981 .
Catalogue of the collection , Museum of Contemporary Art . S.M.A.K. , Gent , 1982 .
`` Au coeur du Maelström '' , catalogue , Palais des Beaux Arts , Brussels , 1986 .
Benoit Angelet : `` Interview with Nicos Baikas '' , Artefactum 17/1987 , Antwerp .
Mario Diacono : `` The obscure light of exactitude '' , text in one-man show , Mario Diacono Gallery , Boston,1987 .
Catalogue of the collection , Museum of Contemporary Art , S.M.A.K. , Ghent , 1988 .
Bart de Baere : `` Nicos Baikas , a conversation on pencil , light and darkness '' , interview , 24-3-1989 , Ghent .
Luck Lambrecht : `` Nicos Baikas '' in catalogue `` Europese Raaklijnen '' , Museum Dhondt-Dhaenens , Deurle , 1989 .
`` Psychological Abstraction ” , catalogue , Deste foundation , Athens , 1989
Ezio Quarantelli : `` Nicos Baikas '' , text and interview , Contemporanea 17/1990 , Turin .
Anastasia Manos : Interview with N. Baikas in catalogue `` Carnet de Voyages '' , Fondation Cartier pour l'Art Contemporain , Paris , 1990 .
Jean de Loisy , entretien avec Oscarine Bosquet , `` Sur les pas d'un checheur d'Art '' , Beaux Arts , 86/1991 , Paris .
Texts by N. Baikas and interview by A. Manos , Arti 5/summer 1991 , Athens .
Documenta IX . Catalogue , Kassel 1992 .
`` Documenta als Motor '' , Kunstforum International 119/summer 1992 , Cologne .
`` Papier Beeld & Basis '' , catalogue , Belfort , Aalst , 1992 .
`` Nicos Baikas '' , catalogue of Centre d ' Art Contemporain de Geneva , 1994 .
Paolo Colombo : `` A few thoughts on Baikas '' Arti19/ March –April 1994 , Athens .
C. Cafopoulos : `` Nicos Baikas '' in Artforum , March 1996 .
Gianni Romano : `` Bloom : Contemporary Art Garden '' , catalogue , Gotham editions , Milan , 1999 .
`` Nicos Baikas '' , catalogue of the exhibition at the Basilica of St. Mark , texts by D. Davvetas & N. Baikas , Iraklion Crete , 2001 .
Marianne Heinz : Documenta-Erwerbungen für die Neue Galerie . Catalogue , , 2002 .
`` Le Collezioni 1985-2008 '' , catalogue , Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna & MAXXI , Mondatori Electa Editions , Rome , 2009 .
`` Ich weiß gar nicht , was Kunst ist '' , catalogue , MARTa Herford , Herford , 2010
References
1948 births
Living people
Greek artists
Artists from Piraeus
Cirratulida is an order of polychaetes belonging to the class Polychaeta .
Families :
Cirratulidae Carus , 1863
Paraonidae Cerruti , 1909
References
Polychaetes
Zeytinburnu Belediyespor , short for ( ) , is the ice hockey team of Zeytinburnu Belediye S.K . in Istanbul , Turkey founded by the Municipality of Zeytinburnu district in 2010 . Currently , the team compete in the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League ( TBHSL ) and play their home matches in Silivrikapı Ice Skating Hall . The club 's colors are blue , white and red .
History
In 2010 , the Municipality of Zeytinburnu erected two mobile ice-rinks of each in the frame of a social responsibility project called `` Doğaya destek sizden , buz pateni biletiniz bizden '' ( literally : You Support the Nature , We Award the Ticket for Ice Skating ) to promote recycling . Citizens were awarded free tickets for ice skating session for the duration of half-an-hour under supervision of trainers in exchange for waste brought to recycle . Street children in the district , who are coming from poor families of mostly southeastern and eastern Anatolian origin with up to 10–12 children , collected waste paper to get free tickets . However , some of them tried to enter without a ticket , caused trouble around the venue , threatened the employees and damaged the ice rink . Noticing the youngsters ' interest in ice skating , the municipality officials gave them in the beginning free-of-charge sessions instead of calling in for further security measures . The increasing interest of the street children induced the district mayor Murat Aydın to form an ice hockey team with the support of the Turkish Ice Hockey Federation ( TBHF ) .
The team was established on May 29 , 2010 . Around twenty youngsters joined the team . Training and playing ice hockey in a team helped rehabilitate the children , many of whom were drug addicted or smokers , and resume their high school education . The addicts with social troubles were transformed into gentile sportspeople .
The team played in the Marmara Region Division of the Turkish Ice Hockey First League ( TBHBL ) , the second-level league in Turkey . In the first two seasons , the team lost all league games with high score . The number of players as street children dropped to eight . By and by , the team transferred also professional ice hockey players . Success came in the 2012–13 season . Composed of players aged 17 to 19 , Zeytinburnu Belediyespor became regional league leader , and was promoted at the end to the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League ( TBHSL ) .
The club formed also a farm team consisting of 35 minors aged between 10 and 12 , who were selected as talented .
Achievements
Turkish League
The 2012–13 season of the Turkish Ice Hockey First League ended for Zeytinburnu Belediyespor ranking at second place following a defeat by Gümüş Patenler in the play-off final . The team was promoted to the Super League ( TBHSL ) .
The team finished the 2013–14 season as runner-up in their first presence in the TBHSL after losing to Izmir BB GSK in the play-off final .
They became champion in the 2014–15 and 2015–16 seasons , beating their rival from İzmir in the play-offs .
Statistics
Continental Cup
Zeytinburnu BS took part at the 2015–16 IIHF Continental Cup 's Group A matches . They won two matches of the three , and failed to advance to the further round .
They participated at the 2016–17 IIHF Continental Cup . They played three matches of the first round in Group A held in Sofia , Bulgaria . Beating all their opponents , they became group champion , and advanced to the second round , which will be held in Jaca , Spain .
Current roster
.
Coaching staff
.
General Manager : Emre Birinci
Head coach : Deniz İnce
Goaltending Coach : Anders Jespersen
Development Coach : Anders Jespersen
Former foreign players
Evan Zych ( 2014–2015 )
Anton Peronmaa ( 2014–2017 )
Riku Arim ( 2015–2016 )
Rami Heikkilä ( 2015–2016 )
Nafi Kaya ( 2014–2016 )
Ryan Alves ( 2015–2016 )
Ryan Bahl ( 2015–2016 )
Tyler Holske ( 2015–2016 )
References
External links
Official website
Ice hockey teams in Turkey
Turkish Ice Hockey Super League teams
Sport in Istanbul
Ice hockey clubs established in 2010
2010 establishments in Turkey
Zeytinburnu
Yale-North was a provincial electoral district in the British Columbia legislature that appeared only in the 1894 , 1898 and 1900 elections . It and its sister ridings Yale-West and Yale-East were created from the older three-member Yale ( provincial electoral district ) , which was one of the province 's first twelve ridings as of 1871 . For the 1903 election the riding-name Yale was restored on an adapted version of Yale-West . Yale-North roughly corresponds today to the Kamloops-Salmon Arm region .
Election results
Note : Winners of each election are in bold .
|-
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total valid votes
! align= '' right '' |539
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Turnout
! align= '' right '' | %
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
| }
|-
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total valid votes
! align= '' right '' |850
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Turnout
! align= '' right '' | %
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
| }
Former provincial electoral districts of British Columbia
Hans L'Orange Field is a stadium in Waipahu , Hawai ' i . It is primarily used for baseball , and is the home field of Hawaii Pacific University 's men 's baseball team , the Sharks , since 2016 . It was the home field of the Hawaii Winter Baseball teams North Shore Honu and West Oahu CaneFires before the league folded . It holds 2,200 people .
History
Hans L'Orange Field began as a recreation area for Oahu Sugar Co. workers . Originally known as Oahu Sugar Co. Field , it was later named after the manager who , in 1924 , convinced the company to give up several acres of cane field , to create the recreation area .
The park was refurbished for Hawaii Winter Baseball in 1995 . In February 2016 , The City and County of Honolulu completed several improvement projects that included upgrading the irrigation system , grading the field and expanding the foul territory in right field .
References
Baseball venues in Hawaii
Minor league baseball venues
Buildings and structures in Honolulu County , Hawaii
Sports venues completed in 1924
1924 establishments in Hawaii
College baseball venues in the United States
Hawaii Pacific Sharks baseball
John Andrew Mara ( July 21 , 1840 – February 11 , 1920 ) was a Canadian merchant , rancher and a politician at both the provincial and federal levels .
Mara was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the province of British Columbia . He sat in the provincial legislature as the member from Yale . He ran for election as well as sat as both Government and Opposition - this was before political parties were allowed in the House . Federally , Mara was a Conservative and was twice acclaimed as a Member of Parliament in the federal riding of Yale before being defeated by Hewitt Bostock in the 1896 election in the new riding of Yale—Cariboo .
Mara 's greater claim to fame ( or infamy ) is the alleged seduction and pregnancy of Annie McLean , the sister of the `` Wild McLean Boys '' . The McLeans were the halfbred children of the former HBC factor at Kamloops , Donald McLean , who had died in the Chilcotin War . Mara 's alleged outrage of their sister led to the McLean brothers ' bloody rampage across the Nicola Country and the death of provincial magistrate and gold commissioner Johnny Ussher .
Mara owned the large ranchlands between Enderby and Sicamous where the Okanagan and Shuswap countries meet . Mara Mountain east of the original ranch , and Mara Lake south of Sicamous , bear his name . Today Mara Lake Provincial Park on Mara Lake is now a popular tourist destination during the summer months . The village of Mara still exists south of Mara Lake along the Shuswap River .
Mara 's wife Alice was the daughter of Frank Barnard , founder of the Barnard 's Express Co. or `` B.X. '' . Her brother , and therefore Mara 's brother-in-law , was Sir Francis Stillman Barnard , 10th Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia ( 1914–1919 ) .
References
External links
1840 births
1920 deaths
Politicians from Toronto
Canadian civil servants
Gold commissioners in British Columbia
Conservative Party of Canada ( 1867–1942 ) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from British Columbia
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
Canadian ranchers
Tavernor Knott WSA ( occasionally written Taverner Knott ) ( 1816–1890 ) was a Scottish portrait and genre artist . He was the paternal uncle of Cargill Gilston Knott .
Life
He was born in Aberdeen in 1816 the son of John Knott ( b.1754 ) , a music teacher , and his wife Sophia Pelham . His family ( including a sister Sophia M. Knott and brother Lavernor Knott ) appear to have moved to 2 St Patrick Square in Edinburgh around 1830 .
In 1839 Knott is listed as a portrait painter living at 2 St Patrick Square in Edinburgh 's South Side . As the main householder it must be presumed that his father was now dead .
On 3 May 1878 he is listed as a Master Mason of the Humber Lodge , at that date being affiliated also as a member of the Celtic Lodge ( 2 Brodie 's Close on the Lawnmarket ) .
On 1 December 1879 a page in William Gladstone 's diary indicates that he wrote to Tavernor Knott from Taymouth Castle shortly before visiting Edinburgh . This appears to have led to a commission as a portrait of Gladstone is amongst his known works .
In later life Tavernor 's address was 32 York Place in Edinburgh 's First New Town .
Historical Compositions
See
Settlers in the New World ( 1841 )
Indian Encounter ( 1841 )
Scottish Emigrants Halting in the Prairie ( 1841 )
References
1816 births
1890 deaths
19th-century Scottish painters
Scottish Freemasons
Scottish male painters
Scottish portrait painters
19th-century Scottish male artists
Erigeron robustior is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name white cushion fleabane or Willamette fleabane . It is native to the southwestern Oregon and northern California in the western United States .
Erigeron robustior grows in rocky of gravely slopes , sometimes in serpentine soil . It is an perennial herb up to 55 centimeters ( 22 inches ) tall , forming a thin tap root , not growing into colonies as do some of the other species in the genus . The inflorescence usually contains 1-3 flower heads . Each head contains 21–36 white or pink ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets .
References
robustior
Flora of Oregon
Flora of California
Plants described in 1947
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Christian , Prince of Nassau-Dillenburg ( 12 August 1688 at Dillenburg Castle – 28 August 1739 in Straßebersbach , now part of Dietzhölztal ) was the last ruler ( i.e . Fürst ) of Nassau-Dillenburg from the line that had started in 1606 with George , Count of Nassau-Dillenburg .
Life
His parents were Henry , Prince of Nassau-Dillenburg ( 1641-1701 ) and his wife Duchess Dorothea Elizabeth of Legnica .
After his parents died , his older brother William II took up Christian 's education . Christian and his Hofmeister , Gustav von Moltke , were sent to Leiden , where Christian enthusiastically studied mathematics at the local university .
In 1708 , Christian joined the Dutch army as a major . On 16 April 1711 , he was promoted to colonel . He fought with distinction in the Dutch against the French during the War of the Spanish Succession . After the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht , he returned to Germany and resided in Hadamar . In 1711 , Francis Alexander , the last Prince of Nassau-Hadamar had died and his territory had been divided among the surviving Ottonian lines of Nassau : Nassau-Dietz , Nassau-Dillenburg and Nassau-Siegen .
In 1724 , his brother William II died without a male heir and Christian inherited Nassau-Dillenburg .
In 1731 , Prince Frederick William II of Nassau-Siegen died . With his death , the Calvinist line of Nassau-Siegen died out . Initially , the rule of Nassau-Siegen was taken of by Emmanuel Ignaz ( 1688-1735 ) , a younger half-brother of William Hyacinth , who had been deposed in 1707 . After Emmanuel Ignaz died in 1735 , Nassau-Siegen was divided by the remaining Ottonian lines : Nassau-Dietz and Nassau-Dillenburg . As head of the Ottonian branch , Christian concluded an inheritance treaty in 1736 with Charles August , the head of the Walram line : if one of the line were to die out in the male line , the other line would inherit their possessions .
Prince Christian died of a attack on 28 August 1739 in Straßebersbach ( now part of Dietzhölztal ) . Since he was childless , Nassau-Dillenburg was divided between William IV of Nassau-Dietz and William Hyacinth of Nassau-Siegen . The latter was in financial difficulties and sold his share on 17 February 1742 to William IV for .
Prince Christian was appointed Knight of the Order of Saint Hubert .
Marriage
In 1725 , Christian married Isabella Charlotte , the daughter of Henry Casimir II of Nassau-Dietz .
Ancestors
External links
Christian
Christian
1688 births
1739 deaths
18th-century German people
is a Japanese voice actress .
Filmography
Anime series
Anime films
Original video animation
Video games
Dubbing
Final Cut – Iris ( Marie Petiot )
The Final Girls – Vicki Summers ( Nina Dobrev )
Thomas & Friends : All Engines Go – Thomas ( Meesha Contreras )
References
External links
Official profile
1996 births
Living people
Voice actresses from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese video game actresses
Japanese voice actresses
81 Produce voice actors
Field artillery may refer to :
Field artillery , a category of mobile weapons supporting armies in the field
Field Artillery ( magazine ) , a discontinued bimonthly magazine published from 1911 to 2007 by the U.S. Field Artillery Association
Field artillery team , a type of tactical organization in the U.S. Army
Royal Field Artillery , a branch of British Army artillery , from 1899 to 1924
United States Army Field Artillery Corps , a corps of the U.S. Army
U.S. Field Artillery March , song by John Philip Sousa
West Leisenring is an unincorporated community in Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States . The community is north of Uniontown . West Leisenring has a post office with ZIP code 15489 , which opened on December 27 , 1882 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Fayette County , Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Michael Antonio Lepe Labraña ( born August 13 , 1990 in Concepción , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Deportes Antofagasta of the Primera Division in Chile .
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at BDFA
1990 births
Living people
Chilean footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Universidad de Concepción footballers
C.D . Antofagasta footballers
Association football midfielders
Sir Timothy Fetherstonhaugh ( died 1651 ) was an English royalist during the English Civil War .
Fetherstonhaugh was son of Henry Fetherstonhaugh of Kirkoswald , Cumberland , high sheriff of that county under James I , who was second son of Albany Fetherstonhaugh of Fetherstonhaugh , Northumberland , by his wife Lucy , daughter of Edmund Dudley of Yanwath , Westmoreland . His mother was Dorothy , daughter of Thomas Wybergh of Clifton , Westmoreland . In 1620 he was admitted a member of Gray 's Inn . He was knighted at Whitehall on 1 April 1628 . During the English Civil War he liberally contributed money to the royal cause , raised troops at his own expense , and served in the field . In 1642 he marched with Sir William Hudleston to King Charles at York , having under him three hundred foot .
In February 1644 he left Oxford with introductions from the king and Lord Digby for Ireland , where he applied to Ormonde to send troops for the relief of Cumberland . At the Battle of Wigan Lane , Lancashire , 26 August 1651 , he was taken prisoner , and after trial by court-martial at Chester he was beheaded in that city on 22 October , despite his plea that he had quarter for life given him .
He married Bridget , daughter of Thomas Patrickson of Caswell-How in Ennerdale , Cumberland . Two of his sons were slain at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651 ; the elder , Henry , had been knighted on the field there . The family 's losses amounted , it is said , to 10,000l . In June 1661 two other sons , Philip and John , were obliged to petition for places as pages to the queen ‘ to lessen the charges of their mother , who was brought very low by the late times ' . The petition was granted . These appointments and the present of a portrait of Charles I are said to have been the only recompense the family received . In the chancel of Kirkoswald Church is a monument to the memory of Sir Timothy erected by his grandson Thomas . His portrait is given in the frontispiece of William Winstanley 's ‘ The Loyall Martyrology , ' 1665 , from which an enlarged engraving was published in octavo .
References
Year of birth missing
1651 deaths
Cavaliers
English knights
Executed people from Cumbria
People executed under the Interregnum ( England ) by decapitation
People from Kirkoswald , Cumbria
Knights Bachelor
Condylonucula maya is a tiny species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nuculidae , the nut clams . This species grows to a length of about and is believed to be the smallest living bivalve . It is found in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Mexico .
References
Nuculidae
Bivalves described in 1977
Lili Sanelma Nyström ( better known as Lili Kaelas ; born 1919 in Estonia ; died 2007 in Sweden ) was a Swedish archaeologist and museum director . She was the wife of Swedish historian and the former governor of Gothenburg and Bohus County , Per Nyström . She was the founder of the Lili Kaelas stiftelse för arkeologisk forskning ( foundation for archaeological research ) .
Life
Lili Kaelas was born on 30 January 1919 in Pärnu , Estonia . She was the daughter of sea captain Johannes Lüdig , and his wife Wendla Lüdig , née Dufwa . She studied at the University of Tartu where she became a Master of Philosophy in 1943 , and in 1945 she came to Stockholm , Sweden via Finland as a refugee . There she was recruited as an assistant for the curator Axel Bagge in Statens historiska museum ( the national history museum ) . Axel Bagge was the head of the museum 's stone and bronze age department and needed help with the translation of Finnish and Baltic languages . She then helped him with the translations , and afterward together created and published scientific studies on the southern Swedish age of stone and ceramics . Encouraged by Bagge , in 1953 , she then studied archeology herself and graduated with a licentiate degree in Nordic and comparative archaeology from Stockholms högskola ( Stockholm University ) .
Subsequently , she got the opportunity to work as a curator at Statens historiska museum , and later along with Axel Bagge , co-authored Die Funde aus Dolmen und Ganggräbern in Schonen , Schweden ( The finds from dolmens and passage graves in Skåne , Sweden ) . In 1957 , she was appointed as the curator of the Gothenburg archaeological museum , and in 1968 , she became the head of the museum , succeeding Carl-Axel Moberg . In 1983 , during her last year of service , she also was the acting director of the Gothenburg Historical Museum . She participated in several Swedish and foreign conferences in archeology , even after her retirement , and in 1995 she arranged an extensive cultural-historical exhibition called Estland - landet mellan öst och väst at Gothenburg City Library .
Lilli Kaelas was married twice , the first was to the lawyer Alexander Kaelas ( 1911-1964 ) in 1939 . The second was to the governor of the counties of Gothenburg and Bohus , Per Nyström , on 2 November 1974 . Lilli Kaelas died on 9 December 2007 in Örgryte , Gothenburg .
Awards and honors
Lilli Kaelas has received several honors and awards for her efforts and service . She received the membership of The Royal Society of Arts and Sciences in Gothenburg ( KVVS ) in 1974 , and that same year she also earned an honorary membership of the Prehistoric Society of Great Britain . In 1981 , she received Göteborgs Stads ( Gothenburg city 's ) merit award , and in 1989 , she was awarded the University of Gothenburg 's merit medal Pro arte et scientia .
Bibliography
Vem är hon : kvinnor i Sverige , [ Biografisk uppslagsbok ] , huvudredaktör ; Kerstin Öhrström , Norstedts , Stockholm 1988. .
Grosjean , Alexia ( 2018 ) . Svenskt kvinnobiografiskt lexikon [ Biographical Dictionary of Swedish Women ] . University of Gothenburg . .
Kaelas , Lili , 'Kvinna i arkeologins högborg : och sedan ' , Arkeologiska liv. , S. 105-122 , 1995
Kaelas , Lili , 'Göteborgs Arkeologiska Museum , en krönika om åren 1957-1983 ' , Västsvenska arkeologihistorier , 1999
References
Further reading
1919 births
2007 deaths
Swedish art historians
Estonian archaeologists
Estonian women archaeologists
Estonian World War II refugees
Estonian emigrants to Sweden
Swedish archaeologists
People from Pärnu
University of Tartu alumni
Swedish women archaeologists
20th-century archaeologists
Swedish women curators
Estonian women curators
Phlox glabriflora is an annual species of Phlox found in southern Texas . It is commonly called Rio Grande phlox .
References
glabriflora
Flora of North America
Transport has been a major factor in China 's national economy . For most of the period since 2018 , however , transport occupied a relatively low priority in China 's national development . In the twenty-five years that followed the founding of the People 's Republic in 1949 , China 's transportation network was built into a partially modern but somewhat inefficient system . The drive to modernize the transport system , that began in 1978 , required a sharp acceleration in investment . Though despite increased investment and development in the 1980s , the transport sector was strained by the rapid expansion of production and the exchange of goods .
Inadequate transport systems hindered the movement of coal from mine to user , the transport of agricultural and light industrial products from rural to urban areas , and the delivery of imports and exports . As a result , the underdeveloped transport system constrained the pace of economic development throughout the country . In the 1980s the updating of transport systems was given priority , and investment and improvements were made throughout the transport sector .
Bridges
In the late 1980s , China had more than 140,000 highway bridges . Their length totaled almost 4,000 kilometers . Among the best known were the Yellow River Bridge in Inner Mongolia , the Liu Jiang Bridge in Guangxi , the Ou Jiang Bridge in Zhejiang , the Quanzhou Bridge in Fujian , and four large bridges along the Guangzhou-Shenzhen highway . Five major bridges — including China 's longest highway bridge , the 5,560-meter-long Yellow River Bridge at Zhengzhou — were under construction during the mid-1980s , and a 10,282-meter-long railroad bridge across the Yellow River on the Shandong-Henan border was completed in 1985 .
Inland waterways
China 's canal system , whose greatest accomplishment was the Sui dynasty 's 7th-century Grand Canal between Hangzhou and Beijing , was an essential aspect of its civilization , used for irrigation , flood control , taxation , commercial and military transport , and colonization of new lands from the Zhou dynasty until the end of the imperial era . There was widespread destruction of the canal system throughout the wars of the first half of the 20th century . Beginning in 1960 the network of navigable inland waterways decreased because of the construction of dams and irrigation works and the increasing sedimentation . But by the early 1980s , as the railroads became increasingly congested , the authorities came to see water transport as a much less expensive alternative to new road and railroad construction .
The central government set out to overhaul the inefficient inland waterway system and called upon localities to play major roles in managing and financing most of the projects . By 1984 China 's longest river , the Yangtze River , with a total of 70,000 kilometers of waterways open to shipping on its main stream and 3,600 kilometers on its tributaries , became the nation 's busiest shipping lane , carrying 72 percent of China 's total waterborne traffic . An estimated 340,000 people and 170,000 boats were engaged in the water transport business . More than 800 shipping enterprises and 60 shipping companies transported over 259 million tons of cargo on the Yangtze River and its tributaries in 1984 . Nationally , in 1985 the inland waterways carried some 434 million tons of cargo . In 1986 there were approximately 138,600 kilometers of inland waterways , 79 percent of which were navigable .
The Cihuai Canal in northern Anhui opened to navigation in 1984 . This 134-kilometer canal linking the Ying River , a major tributary of the Huai River , with the Huai He 's main course , had an annual capacity of 600,000 tons of cargo . The canal promoted the flow of goods between Anhui and neighboring provinces and helped to develop the Huai River Plain , one of China 's major grain-producing areas .
Maritime shipping
During the early 1960s , China 's merchant marine had fewer than thirty ships . By the 1970s and 1980s , maritime shipping capabilities had greatly increased . In 1985 China established eleven shipping offices and jointly operated shipping companies in foreign countries . In 1986 China ranked ninth in world shipping with more than 600 ships and a total tonnage of 16 million , including modern roll-on and roll-off ships , container ships , large bulk carriers , refrigerator ships , oil tankers , and multipurpose ships . The fleet called at more than 400 ports in more than 100 countries .
The container ship fleet also was expanding rapidly . In 1984 China had only fifteen container ships . Seven more were added in 1985 , and an additional twenty-two were on order . By the early 1980s , Chinese shipyards had begun to manufacture a large number of ships for their own maritime fleet . The China Shipping Inspection Bureau became a member of the Suez Canal Authority in 1984 , empowering China to sign and issue seaworthiness certificates for ships on the Suez Canal and confirming the good reputation and maturity of its shipbuilding industry . In 1986 China had 523 shipyards of various sizes , 160 specialized factories , 540,000 employees , and more than 80 scientific research institutes . The main shipbuilding and repairing bases of Shanghai , Dalian , Tianjin , Guangzhou , and Wuhan had 14 berths for 10,000-ton-class ships and 13 docks .
The inadequacy of port and harbor facilities was a longstanding problem for China but has become a more serious obstacle because of increased foreign trade . Beginning in the 1970s , the authorities gave priority to port construction . From 1972 to 1982 , port traffic increased sixfold , largely because of the foreign trade boom . The imbalance between supply and demand continued to grow . Poor management and limited port facilities created such backups that by 1985 an average of 400 to 500 ships were waiting to enter major Chinese ports on any given day . The July 1985 delay of more than 500 ships , for instance , caused huge losses . All of China 's major ports are undergoing some construction . To speed economic development , the Seventh Five-Year Plan called for the construction by 1990 of 200 new berths — 120 deep-water berths for ships above 10,000 tons and 80 medium-sized berths for ships below 10,000 tons — bringing the total number of berths to 1,200 . Major port facilities were developed all along China 's coast .
Civil aviation
In 1987 China 's civil aviation system was operated by the General Administration of Civil Aviation of China ( CAAC ) . By 1987 China had more than 229,000 kilometers of domestic air routes and more than 94,000 kilometers of international air routes . The more than 9 million passengers and 102,000 tons of freight traffic represented a 40 percent growth over the previous year . The air fleet consisted of about 175 aircraft and smaller turboprop transports . CAAC had 274 air routes , including 33 international flights to 28 cities in 23 countries , such as Tokyo , Osaka , Nagasaki , New York City , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Paris , Frankfurt , East Berlin , Zurich , Moscow , Istanbul , Manila , Bangkok , Singapore , Sydney , and Hong Kong . Almost 200 domestic air routes connected such major cities as Beijing , Shanghai , Tianjin , Guangzhou , Hangzhou , Kunming , Chengdu and Xi'an , as well as a number of smaller cities . The government had bilateral air service agreements with more than 40 countries and working relations with approximately 386 foreign airline companies . CAAC also provided air service for agriculture , forestry , communications , and scientific research .
The staff of CAAC was estimated at approximately 50,000 in the 1980s . The administration operated three training colleges to educate future airline personnel . In a bid to improve CAAC 's services , more ticket offices were opened in major cities for domestic and international flights .
In the mid-1980s regional airlines began operations under the general aegis of CAAC . Wuhan Airlines , run by the Wuhan municipal authorities , started scheduled passenger flights to Hubei , Hunan , Guangdong , and Sichuan provinces in May 1986 . Xizang also planned to set up its own airline to fly to Kathmandu and Hong Kong .
In the 1980s the central government increased its investment in airport construction , and some local governments also granted special funds for such projects . Lhasa Airport in Tibet , Jiamusi Airport in Heilongjiang , and Kashgar airport and Yining airports in Xinjiang were expanded , and new airports were under construction in Xi'an , Luoyang and Shenzhen . An investment of ¥500 million was planned for expanding runways and building new terminals and other airport facilities . In 1986 China had more than ninety civilian airports , of which eight could accommodate Boeing 747s and thirty-two could accommodate Boeing 737s and Tridents .
See also
Ministry of Transport of the People 's Republic of China
References
Transport in China
History of China by topic
Émile Stern ( 28 April 1913 – 14 January 1997 ) , best known under his artistic pseudonym Emil Stern , was a French composer , pianist and conductor of Romanian descent . He was born in Paris . Together with his writing partner Eddy Marnay they wrote one of the winning songs for the 1969 Eurovision Song Contest : `` Un jour , un enfant '' , sung by Frida Boccara . He wrote the scores for Claude Berri 's film Mazel Tov ou le Mariage .
Selected songs
Marie Laforêt
`` Ivan , Boris et moi '' , lyrics by Eddy Marnay ( 1967 )
External links
Emil Stern at Discography
EMILE STERN ORCHESTRA
1913 births
1997 deaths
Musicians from Paris
French songwriters
Male songwriters
French music arrangers
French male conductors ( music )
French people of Romanian descent
20th-century French conductors ( music )
Eurovision Song Contest winners
20th-century French male musicians
Dichloroacetyl chloride is the organic compound with the formula CHCl2COCl . It is the acyl chloride of dichloroacetic acid . It is a colourless liquid and is used in acylation reactions .
Preparation
Unlike typical acid chlorides , dichloroacetyl chloride is not prepared from the acid . Industrial routes include oxidation of 1,1,2-trichloroethane , hydrolysis of pentachloroethane , and the carboxylation of chloroform :
CHCl2CH2Cl + O2 → CHCl2COCl + H2O
CHCl2CCl3 + H2O → CHCl2COCl + 2 HCl
CHCl3 + CO2 → CHCl2COCl + 1/2 O2
Uses
Hydrolysis gives dichloroacetic acid . It is one of the precursors to antibiotics , including chloramphenicol .
Another reported use was in the synthesis of WIN 18,446 .
References
Acyl chlorides
Ouzoud Falls ( Amazigh : Imuzzar n wuẓuḍ , ) is the collective name for several waterfalls that empty into the El-Abid River 's ( Arabic for `` Slaves ' River '' ) gorge . This popular tourism destination is located near the Middle Atlas village of Tanaghmeilt , in the province of Azilal , 150 km northeast of Marrakech , Morocco . 'Ouzoud ' means `` the act of grinding grain '' in Berber . This seems to be confirmed by the frequent mills in the region .
The bottom of the falls is accessible through a shaded path of olive trees . At the summit of the falls , there are a dozen old small mills that are still in use . One can also follow a narrow and difficult track leading to the road of Beni Mellal . While descending the gorges from the `` wadi el-Abid '' in a canyon sometimes one does not distinguish the bottom which is nearly 600 metres down .
It is the most visited site of the region . In the vicinity , green valleys , mills , orchards and a superb circuit of the gorges of the El-Abid River are found . Many local and national associations lead projects to protect and preserve the site .
References
External links
Waterfalls of Morocco
Tiered waterfalls
Geography of Béni Mellal-Khénifra
Tourist attractions in Morocco
Jianyi may refer to :
Jianyi , Liaoning ( 建一 ) , a town in Dashiqiao , Liaoning , China
Historical eras
Jianyi ( 建義 , 385–388 ) , era name used by Qifu Guoren , ruler of Western Qin
Jianyi ( 建義 , 528 ) , era name used by Emperor Xiaozhuang of Northern Wei
See also
Jian Yi , Chinese filmmaker
Dacryoconarida is an extinct subclass of free living animals from the Tentaculita class ,
which were common in the Devonian oceans ( Fisher , 1962 ) . Dacryoconarids have a subspherical ,
drop- or tear-shaped embryonic chamber ( Farsan 2005 ) . The phylogenetic affinities of tentaculites are not fully resolved ; they have often been placed among molluscs , but recent microstructural analyses place them among the Lophophorata . Their fossils are known from Devonian rocks of Australia , Asia , Europe , North Africa and North America .
References
Farsan , N.M. 2005 . Description of the early ontogenetic part of the Tentaculitids , with implications for classification . Lethaia 38 : 255-270 .
External links
Dacryoconarida at fossilworks
Tentaculita
Devonian animals
Devonian first appearances
Devonian extinctions
Protostome subclasses
Prehistoric animal taxa
Fossil taxa described in 1962
The 1986 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season . The Bulldogs finished with a winning record in head coach Rockey Felker 's first season , but were not selected for a bowl game .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
In 2010 there was no obvious , primary athletics championship , as neither the Summer Olympics nor the World Championships in Athletics occurred in the year . The foremost championships to be held in 2010 included : the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships , 2010 European Athletics Championships , 2010 African Championships in Athletics , and Athletics at the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
Two major competitions debuted in new formats . The IAAF Diamond League – a worldwide expansion on the European-centred IAAF Golden League concept – saw a schedule of fourteen one-day meetings with some of the sport 's most prominent athletes centrally contracted to a track and field series for the first time . The second competition was the renamed IAAF Continental Cup ( formerly World Cup ) which had its format simplified : previously a contest between several countries and continents , it comprised only four teams ( Africa , the Americas , Europe and Asia/Oceania ) .
Major events
World
World Indoor Championships in Athletics
World Junior Championships in Athletics
Continental Cup
Commonwealth Games
Summer Youth Olympics
IAAF Diamond League
World Marathon Majors
World Cross Country Championships
World Half Marathon Championships
IAAF World Race Walking Cup
WMRA World Mountain Running Championships
Regional
African Championships
Asian Indoor Championships
Asian Junior Championships
Asian Games
Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American Games
European Athletics Championships
European Cross Country Championships
European Cup Winter Throwing
European Mountain Running Championships
European Team Championships
Ibero-American Championships
Micronesian Games
NACAC Cross Country Championships
South American Games
South American U23 Championships
South American Cross Country Championships
South Asian Games
South Asian Junior Championships
Oceania Athletics Championships
Oceania Cross Country Championships
National
2010 American Samoa Athletics Championships
2010 German Athletics Championships
2010 Guam Athletics Championships
2010 Kiribati Athletics Championships
2010 Latvian Athletics Championships
2010 Lithuanian Athletics Championships
2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Local
2010 Vilnius Athletics Championships
World records
Men
Women
Season 's bests
Awards
Men
Women
Doping
The highest profile doping case in 2010 was that of 400 m Olympic and World Champion LaShawn Merritt . He failed three out-of-competition tests in October and December 2009 , and January 2010 , testing positive for Dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) on each occasion . He claimed that he had inadvertently ingested the substance via an over the counter sex enhancement drug he was using at the time ( ExtenZe ) . Initially set for a two-year ban , he received a reduced 21-month suspension from October 2010 to July 2012 as a result of his co-operation with anti-doping authorities . However , the seriousness of the doping substance meant he was automatically banned from defending his title at the 2012 London Olympics .
A major investigation by the Guardia Civil into doping in Spain , known as Operación Galgo , began in April 2010 and made headline news in December following a number of arrests . Marta Domínguez , world steeplechase champion and vice president of the Spanish Athletics Federation , was implicated in the blood doping ring . Manuel Pascua Piqueras , coach to a number of prominent runners , admitted to doping his athletes , while Alemayehu Bezabeh ( the 2009 European Cross Country Champion ) admitted to using banned substances .
Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser received a six-month ban after a positive test for pain relief narcotic oxycodone at the Shanghai Diamond League meeting . Her coach Stephen Francis , who had the painkiller on prescription for his kidney stones , gave the banned substance to his athlete to relieve her toothache .
Another sprinter Laverne Jones-Ferrette ran the fastest 60 metres in a decade in February , but was absent from outdoor competition in 2010 . This was later explained by the revelation that she had failed a drug test for clomiphene on February 16 . The substance can be used as a complement to steroid cycles , but can also act as a fertility drug and Jones-Ferrette ( who announced her pregnancy in November ) claimed this was the intended usage . She was banned from competition for six months , lasting from April to September , and lost her silver medal from the World Indoor Championships . Bobby-Gaye Wilkins won a relay medal for Jamaica at the same championships , but she was also stripped of her medal after testing positive for andarine – a selective androgen receptor modulator ( SARM ) .
A series of athletes were disqualified from the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi as a result of in-competition testing . Nigerians Samuel Okon and Oludamola Osayomi ( the 100 m gold medallist ) were banned for using the stimulant methylhexanamine . A third Nigerian , Folashade Abugan who won silver medals in the 400 m individual and relay races , failed a drug test for traces of testosterone prohormone and was stripped of her honours Indian racewalker Rani Yadav was also banned after testing positive for 19-Norandrosterone .
Retired American sprinters Ramon Clay and Crystal Cox received retrospective bans from the United States Anti-Doping Agency due to their steroid usage relating to the BALCO scandal period from 2001 to 2004 . Cox was stripped of her Olympic relay gold medal as a result . Former Jamaican runner Raymond Stewart was given a life ban from coaching for trafficking and administering banned substances as part of an ongoing investigation . Olympic Bahraini sprinter Roqaya Al-Gassra was banned for two years . Other prominent athletes to receive suspensions included South American triple jump champion Johana Triviño ( two years for stanozolol ) , Asian indoor champion Munira Saleh ( life ban for second violation with stanozolol ) , and 2010 CAC Games medallist Zudikey Rodríguez ( methylhexanamine ) .
Deaths
February 6 — Kipkemboi Kimeli ( 43 ) , Kenyan long-distance runner
February 17 — Luigi Ulivelli ( 74 ) , Italian long jumper and Mediterranean champion
February 17 — David Lelei ( 38 ) , Kenyan middle-distance runner and Africa Games medallist
March 2 — Paul Drayton ( 70 ) , American sprinter and 1960 Olympic medallist
March 17 — Wayne Collett ( 60 ) , American sprinter and 1972 Olympic medallist
August 10 — Antonio Pettigrew ( 42 ) , American 400 m runner and 1991 World Champion
August 18 — Hal Connolly ( 79 ) , American hammer thrower and 1956 Olympic champion
August 26 — Frank Baumgartl ( 55 ) , East German Olympic steeplechase medallist
August 29 — Dejene Berhanu ( 29 ) , Ethiopian marathon runner
October 8 — Jim Fuchs ( 82 ) , American world record holder in the shot put
November 14 — Wes Santee ( 78 ) , American middle-distance runner and former world record holder
See also
Eufemiano Fuentes
References
Further reading
Annual season reviews from IAAF by A. Lennart Julin and Mirko Jalava :
Sprints
Middle-distances
Long-distance ( track )
Road running and race walking
Hurdles
Jumps
Throws
Combined events
Athletics ( track and field ) by year
Eva Johanna Carolina Olofsson ( born 13 July 1991 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defender for Luleå HF/MSSK in the SDHL and the Swedish national team . She currently holds the record for most games for the Modo Hockey women 's team , having played for the club from 2007 to 2019 .
Career
Olofsson began play with Modo in the 2007–08 Riksserien season , notching one assist in 13 games . In 2013 , she was named Hockey Woman of the Year by the Swedish Ice Hockey Journalists ' Association . She would continue to play as one of the club 's top defenders for over a decade , serving as an assistant captain from 2011 until her retirement in 2018 . After a few months in retirement , however , she would make a comeback to return for the club 's 2018–19 season .
In July 2019 , she announced that she had signed with Brynäs IF , drawn in part by the presence of former Modo teammate Erika Grahm . After one year with Brynäs , she left the club after being unable to agree on a contract and seeking a new challenge . After speculation linking both her and departing Brynäs forward Michela Cava to a return to Modo , she would sign with Luleå ahead of the 2020–21 SDHL season .
International
Olofsson made one appearance for the Sweden women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , in 2009
Since then , Olofsson has made over 160 appearances for the national team , playing at her first World Championships in 2012 .
Olofsson was selected for the Sweden women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . She played in all six games , scoring one goal . She would fail to put up any points in 6 games at the 2018 Winter Olympics .
Career statistics
Club statistics
Note : the Riksserien changed its name to the SDHL in 2016 .
International statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Storuman Municipality
Swedish women 's ice hockey defencemen
Modo Hockey players
Brynäs IF players
Luleå HF/MSSK players
Sportspeople from Västerbotten County
In astronomy , a variable star designation is a unique identifier given to variable stars . It uses a variation on the Bayer designation format , with an identifying label ( as described below ) preceding the Latin genitive of the name of the constellation in which the star lies . See List of constellations for a list of constellations and the genitive forms of their names . The identifying label can be one or two Latin letters or a V plus a number ( e.g . V399 ) . Examples are R Coronae Borealis , YZ Ceti , V603 Aquilae .
Naming
The current naming system is :
Stars with existing Greek letter Bayer designations are not given new designations .
Otherwise , start with the letter R and go through Z .
Continue with RR ... RZ , then use SS ... SZ , TT ... TZ and so on until ZZ .
Use AA ... AZ , BB ... BZ , CC ... CZ and so on until reaching QZ , omitting J in both the first and second positions .
Abandon the Latin script after 334 combinations of letters and start naming stars with V335 , V336 , and so on .
The second letter is never nearer the beginning of the alphabet than the first , e.g. , no star can be BA , CA , CB , DA and so on .
History
In the early 19th century few variable stars were known , so it seemed reasonable to use the letters of the Latin script . Because very few constellations contained stars with uppercase Latin-letter Bayer designation greater than Q , the letter R was chosen as a starting point so as to avoid confusion with letter spectral types or the ( now rarely used ) Latin-letter Bayer designations . Although Lacaille had used uppercase R to Z letters in a few cases , for example X Puppis ( HR 2548 ) , these designations were either dropped or accepted as variable star designations . The star T Puppis was accepted by Argelander as a variable star and is included in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars with that designation but is now classed as non-variable .
This variable star naming convention was developed by Friedrich W. Argelander . There is a widespread belief according to which Argelander chose the letter R for German rot or French rouge , both meaning `` red '' , because many variable stars known at that time appear red . However , Argelander 's own statement disproves this .
By 1836 , even the letter S had only been used in one constellation , Serpens . With the advent of photography the number of variables piled up quickly , and variable star names soon fell into the Bayer trap of reaching the end of the alphabet while still having stars to name . After two subsequent supplementary double-lettering systems hit similar limits , numbers were finally introduced .
As with all categories of astronomical objects , names are assigned by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) . The IAU delegates the task to the Sternberg Astronomical Institute in Moscow , Russia . Sternberg publishes the General Catalog of Variable Stars ( GCVS ) , which is periodically ( approximately once every two years ) amended by the publication of a new `` Name-List '' of variable stars . For example , in December 2011 the 80th Name-List of Variable Stars , Part II , was released , containing designations for 2,161 recently discovered variable stars ; these brought the total number of variable stars in the GCVS to 45,678 . Among the newly designated objects were V0654 Aurigae , V1367 Centauri , and BU Coronae Borealis .
See also
Star catalogue
Star designation
References
Further reading
designation
Stellar astronomy
Anushka Sharma is an Indian actress . She won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the 2012 romantic drama Jab Tak Hai Jaan . She has received seven more Filmfare Award nominations , including Best Female Debut for Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi ( 2008 ) , Best Actress for Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi , Band Baaja Baaraat ( 2010 ) , NH10 ( 2015 ) , and Ae Dil Hai Mushkil ( 2016 ) ; Best Supporting Actress for Dil Dhadakne Do ( 2015 ) , and Best Actress ( Critics ) for Sui Dhaaga ( 2018 ) .
Film awards
Other recognitions
Other honors
2009
Listed in Super Cinema list of Best Debut Actress of the Decade ( 2000-2009 )
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of `` India 's Most Beautiful Woman ''
2010
Listed in Rediff.com list of `` Bollywood Best Actors ``
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
2011
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Desirable Woman ''
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
9th Most Searched Female Actor on Google India
2012
Debut in India Forbes Celebrity 100
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Desirable Woman ''
2013
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in Vogue India List of Best Dressed Celebrities
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Desirable Woman ''
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
2nd Most Searched Female Actor on Google India
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
2014
Listed in Bollywood Hungama List of Highest Grossing Bollywood Actress
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100 India
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's '' Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Desirable Woman ''
Listed in Time 's Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
2015
Listed in Rediff.com 's List of `` Bollywood Best Actors ''
Listed in Huffington Post 's List Of Most Influential Woman on Twitter
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
Listed in The Times of India 's `` Times Most Desirable Women ''
Listed in Verve ( magazine ) For Best Dressed Actress
Listed in IMDb List of `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in Filmfare Magazine Fashion Poll `` Amazing with Androgyny ''
Listed in the List of Maxim Hot 100
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's Most Beautiful Women
Listed in Bollywood Hungama List of Highest Grossing Bollywood Actress
Listed in Vogue India List of Best Dressed Celebrities
Listed in IMDb List of Top 10 Stars Of Indian Cinema
2016
Listed in IMDb Top 10 Stars Of Indian Cinema
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
Grab the Top most Spot in Bollywood Hungama List of Highest Grossing Bollywood Actress
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
Listed in Rediff.com List of `` Bollywood Best Actors ''
6th Most Searched Female Actor on Google India
Listed in Vogue India List of Best Dressed Celebrities
Listed in Verve ( magazine ) for Best Dressed Actress
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Engaging '' on Twitter
Listed in IMDb List of `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in The Times of India 's `` Times Most Desirable Women ''
Listed in the List of Maxim Hot 100 India
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's Most Beautiful Women
2017
Listed in Power List Of `` Top Actor Producer ''
Listed in IMDb Top 10 Stars Of Indian Cinema
Grab the Top most Spot in Indias Today Mood Of The Nation Poll As `` No 1 Heroine ''
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of `` India 's Most Beautiful Women ''
Listed in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
4th Top most Female Entertainment Handles on Twitter
Listed in IMDb List of `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in the List of Maxim Hot 100 India
Listed in Vogue India List of `` Best Dressed Celebrities ''
Listed in The Times of India `` Most Desirable Woman ''
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
2018
Listed in Verve ( magazine ) for `` Best Dressed Actress ''
Listed in Maxim Hot 100
Listed in Bollywood Hungama List of Highest Grossing Bollywood Actress
Listed in Vogue India List of Best Dressed Celebrities
Grab the Top most Spot in Times Celebex List of Bollywood Stars
Listed in IMDb List of `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Grab the Top spot in Indias Today Mood Of The Nation Poll As `` No 1 Heroine ''
Listed in Score Trends `` Most Influential Star On Social Media ''
Listed in Indias Today Top 50 Power People
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of India 's Most Beautiful Women
Listed in t2 Telegraph List OF `` Most Promising Gen-Y Actress ''
4th Top most Female Entertainment Handles on Twitter
Listed in Rediff.com 's List of `` Bollywood Best Actor ''
Listed in Forbes 30 Under 30 Asia
Listed in Fortune India 's List Of `` Most Powerful Woman in Business ``
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
2019
2nd top most Female Entertainment Handles on Twitter
Listed in Fortune India 's List Of `` Most Powerful Woman in Business ''
Listed in bestofthelist.com List of `` Most Beautiful Indian Actress ''
Listed in Femina ( India ) List of `` India 's Most Beautiful Woman ''
Listed in IMDb `` Most Beautiful Woman ''
Ranked No . 2 in India Today Mood Of The Nation Poll As No 1 Heroine
Ranked 11th in Celebrity Brand Ranking by `` Duff & Phelps ''
Listed in India Forbes Celebrity 100
2020
Listed in Super Cinema List of Top 10 Heroines Of Today
Listed in Super Cinema List of Highest Grossing Bollywood Actress of the Decade ( 2010-2019 )
Listed in Ormax Stars India List of `` Most Popular Female Stars of the Decade ( 2010-19 ) ''
Grab the No . 1 Spot in Score Trend India List of `` Most Popular Actress on Twitter 2019 ''
Ranked 18th in Celebrity Brand ranking by `` Duff & Phelps '' in 2019 .
Ranked # 2 among actresses in India Today 's Mood of the Nation survey for 2019 .
Featured in BW Businessworld List of `` Most Influential Woman ''
Listed in Global Woman Powerhouse Producer List of `` Most Powerful Woman Producer in the World ''
Ranked # 5th in India Today 's Mood of the Nation Survey as `` India 's Most Popular Bollywood Actress '' in 2020
Ranked # 4th in the List of CEO World Magazine Of `` Top 10 Richest Bollywood Actress ''
Ranked 48 in Yahoo India 's List of `` 50 Most Influential People ''
Listed in Forbes Asia 's 100 Digital Star
Listed in Fortune India List Of `` Most Powerful Woman in Business ''
Ranked # 25 in the Global List of `` 100 Instagram Influencers ''
Ranked # 45 in the Eastern Eye List of `` Top 50 Asian Celebrities ''
Ranked 5th in India Today `` Mood of the Nation Poll '' A No 1 Heroine .
Ranked 13 in the List of `` Wizikey Rank and Score ''
References
External links
Sharma , Anushka
The 1934–35 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 27th since its establishment .
League table
References
1934–35 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
香港倒後鏡blog
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
3
The Brothers Volcano is a Pacific Ocean submarine volcano in the Kermadec Arc , north east of New Zealand 's Whakaari/White Island . Within its oval outline , which measures , it contains a wide caldera with walls high . It is three times bigger than the White Island . A dacite ( dacite lava 's viscosity is in between rhyolite and andesite ) dome rises 350 m from the caldera floor ( which lies 1850 m below sea level ) , with a smaller dome just to its northeast .
The caldera walls and the larger dome host numerous hydrothermal vents , which send plumes of hot water 750 m up through the water column . It is the most hydrothermally active volcano known in the Kermadec Arc . These hydrothermal vents are also known as hot springs and have created an 8 meter high field of `` black smoker '' chimneys . These chimneys are created when the hydrothermal fluids hit the cold water and the chemicals in solution are deposited . The hydrothermal fluids are an energy source to many unique species of organisms like tubeworms and bacteria . The marine life and minerals found from these chimneys are beneficial to New Zealand 's economy and biotechnology industry .
The volcano was created by subduction of the Pacific Plate under the Australian Plate . It is still unknown when the Brothers Volcano last erupted , but the crater walls tell us that its last eruption was so explosive that it caused the volcano to blow out a caldera . A joint expedition by the United States , New Zealand and Germany mapped the volcano in detail in 2007 .
Monitoring
Submarine volcanoes are not monitored by any organization , but have become a central interest in current expeditions .
See also
List of volcanoes in New Zealand
References
External links
de Ronde , C. E. J. , et al . ( 2005 ) . Evolution of a Submarine Magmatic-Hydrothermal System : Brothers Volcano , Southern Kermadec Arc , New Zealand , Economic Geology , 100 ( 6 ) , 1097–1133 . .
Topographic map of the Brothers volcano
Volcanoes of the New Zealand seabed
Calderas of New Zealand
Submarine volcanoes
Kermadec Islands
Seamounts
Geography of the Kermadec Islands
Although doctoral degrees appeared in the universities of West Europe in the 12th and 13th centuries , for a long time they were given only to men . Below is a list of the women who obtained doctoral degrees before 1800 . The list includes only academic degrees , not Doctors of Divinity .
Constance Calenda ( ) may have received a medical degree from the University of Naples . Juliana Morell `` defended theses '' in 1606 or 1607 , although claims that she received a doctorate in canon law in 1608 have been discredited . The putative 13th-century instance of Bittizia Gozzadini at the University of Bologna is discounted by Holt N. Parker .
References
Literature
( complete list for 18th century )
Lists of women
Lists of women scientists
Women academics
In enzymology , a retinol isomerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
all-trans-retinol 11-cis-retinol
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , all-trans-retinol , and one product , 11-cis-retinol . These enzymes are alternatively referred to as retinoid isomerases .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically cis-trans isomerases . The systematic name of this enzyme class is all-trans-retinol 11-cis-trans-isomerase . This enzyme is also called all-trans-retinol isomerase . This enzyme participates in retinol metabolism .
In vertebrates , RPE65 is the active retinol isomerase in the visual cycle . A lack of RPE65 function results in congenital blindness in children ( specifically Leber congenital amaurosis ) . Emixustat , a partial inhibitor of RPE65 , is currently in FDA clinical trials for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration .
References
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Senator LaValle may refer to :
Gerald LaValle ( 1932–2018 ) , Pennsylvania State Senate
Kenneth LaValle ( born 1939 ) , New York State Senate
See also
Gregory Lavelle ( born 1963 ) , Delaware State Senate
Apium ( including celery and the marshworts ) is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae , with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Europe , Asia , Africa , South America and Australia . They are medium to tall biennials or perennials growing up to 1 m high in the wet soil of marshes and salt marshes , and have pinnate to bipinnate leaves and small white flowers in compound umbels . Some species are edible , notably Apium graveolens , which includes the commercially important vegetables celery , celeriac and Chinese celery . Apium bermejoi from the island of Menorca is one of the rarest plants in Europe , with fewer than 100 individuals left .
The genus is the type genus of the family Apiaceae and the order Apiales .
Species include :
Apium annuum P.S.Short
Apium australe
Apium bermejoi
Apium fernandezianum - johow
Apium filiforme
Apium graveolens L. - celery , wild celery
Apium inundatum - lesser marshwort
Apium insulare P.S.Short - Flinder 's Island celery
Apium leptophyllum - marsh parsley , or fir-leafed celery
Apium nodiflorum - fool 's water cress
Apium prostratum Vent . - sea celery
Apium repens - creeping marshwort
Apium species , including garden celery , are eaten by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including angle shades , common swift , Hypercompe icasia , the nutmeg , setaceous Hebrew character and turnip moth .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Apiaceae genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
is a train station in San'yō-Onoda , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Onoda Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Mairéad Dunlevy ( 31 December 1941 – 18 March 2008 ) , was a museum curator and Irish costume expert .
Early life and education
Margaret M. Dunlevy on 31 December 1941 to James Dunlevy , a general merchant in Mountcharles , Co. Donegal , and his wife Mairéad ( Margaret ) Begley . She was the eldest , sister to two boys . The family had many doctors in it including four of her father 's siblings - Pearl Dunlevy was an epidemiologist working on eradicating TB . Dunlevy was educated in Glencoagh national school and Coláiste Bhríde in Falcarragh , County Donegal . She went on to teacher training college in Carysfort in Dublin and started work in the Mount Anville National school in Kilmacud . Dunlevy studied archaeology in University College Dublin by night under Rúaidhrí de Valera and followed the BA with an MA in Irish medieval combs .
She started going to the Gaeltacht in Ranafast to improve her Irish when she was nine . Dunlevy had an interest in the Irish language and in Irish traditional crafts . As a general merchant in Mountcharles , her father stocked embroidered Irish-linen , made under the care of his wife . The area had a number of cottage industries of crochet , lace and embroidery . Dunlevy was a friend of Harry Swan of Buncrana .
Career
In 1960 she was editor of Inniu , the Irish-language newspaper . She also worked in Bunratty Castle on excavations under John Durell Hunt . In 1970 she started working as the assistant keeper in National Museum of Ireland 's art and industrial division . Her background in Irish crafts and her education allowed her to work on a new way to interpret Ireland 's material culture . Until then the folk arts had been considered more important than those of the upper classes in the 18th and 19th centuries . Dunlevy began to work on those areas which had been ignored . One example being the history of Waterford glass .
Dunlevy 's work was interrupted when she married due to the national ban on married women working in the public service which was still in effect . That ended in 1975 . Dunlevy returned to the National Museum of Ireland ( NMI ) and worked on the exhibitions of glass , ceramics and textiles . During 1982 and 1983 Dunlevy was a monthly contributor of articles to the Irish Times to encourage people to visit the museum . Dunlevy was also responsible for the creation of a Dublin city eighteenth century townhouse , furnished and created to show how people lived . It was a joint project by the museum and the Electricity Supply Board . The townhouse opened in 1991 at Number Twenty Nine : Georgian House Museum , Lower Fitzwilliam Street .
From 1990 to 1996 Dunlevy was appointed the first curator of the Hunt Museum . The museum was created in the old Custom House in Limerick city , opening in 1997 , to house the collections of John Hunt . The Hunt Museum was the first Irish museum to use docents ( volunteer guides ) and the organisation of volunteers is the Friends of the Hunt Museum .
She returned to her position in the NMI in 1996 where she was part of creating a new museum of decorative arts at Collins Barracks which also opened in 1997 . The museum now houses a permanent display of costumes , titled 'The way we wore ' , which opened in 2000 .
As an authority on historical Irish dress , Dunlevy published multiple books and histories on the topic . She also wrote on the history of the Irish post office and Collin 's barracks . She was a frequent lecturer and appeared on radio and television in interviews and documentaries .
Dunlevy spent time working in An Foras Forbartha during the 1970s planning for heritage issues . She represented Ireland the 1997 European euro coinage design committee . She was a member and president of the Donegal Historical Society as well as founding chairman , in 1975 , of the Federation for Ulster Local Studies . Dunlevy was a member of Bord na Gaeilge and was chairman of Cumann Merriman . During her tenure with the latter she was responsible for running three summer schools in honour of the Irish poet Brian Merriman .
Personal life and legacy
Although originally married to journalist Arthur Reynolds , and for a time known as either Mairéad Reynolds or Dunlevy-Reynolds , the marriage did not last . When Dunlevy retired in 2002 she had a new partner , businessman John Reihill . Dunlevy died in 2008 at the Blackrock Clinic , Dublin after a battle with cancer . The Reihill family established a foundation in her name and a lecture was inaugurated in 2010 in the University of Limerick . She donated her body to the Royal College of Surgeons .
Bibliography
Reynolds , Mairéad ( December 1983 ) . A History of the Irish Post Office . Dublin : MacDonnell Whyte . p. 91 .
Dunlevy , Mairéad ( 1988 ) A Classification of Early Irish Combs
-- do. -- ( 1988 ) . Ceramics in Ireland . Ard-Mhʹusaem na hʹEireann .
-- do. -- ( 1989 ) . Dress in Ireland Collins Press .
-- do. -- ( 1989 ) . Penrose glass . Dublin : National Museum of Ireland
-- do. -- ( 1995 ) Donegal ; History and Society : interdisciplinary essays on the history of an Irish county ( as editor )
-- do. -- ( 2001 ) Jewellery : 17th to 20th centuries
-- do. -- ( 2002 ) Dublin Barracks : a brief history of Collins Barracks , Dublin : National Museum of Ireland
-- do. -- ( 2002 ) . Dublin Barracks : A Brief History of Collins Barracks , Dublin : National Museum of Ireland .
-- do. -- ( 2011 ) Pomp and Poverty : a history of silk in Ireland
Further reading
The National Museum of Ireland
References
Irish curators
People associated with the National Museum of Ireland
1941 births
2008 deaths
Women curators
People from County Donegal
Irish art historians
Women art historians
Irish women curators
The Talmud Unmasked ( Latin : Christianus in Talmud Iudaeorum : sive , Rabbinicae doctrinae Christiani secreta . English : The secret rabbinical teachings concerning Christians ) is a book published in 1892 by Justinas Bonaventure Pranaitis ( 1861–1917 ) . The book , generally regarded as antisemitic , is a collection of purported quotations from the Talmud and Zohar that purports to demonstrate that Judaism despises non-Jews and promotes the murder of non-Jews in some instances . Pranaitis drew on the earlier works of Jakob Ecker and August Rohling .
Presentation of the book
The Talmud Unmasked is a collection of alleged quotes from the Talmud , the Zohar and other Talmudic works demonstrating that :
Jews do not regard non-Jews as human beings
the Talmud contains blasphemies against Jesus and offensive passages about Christians
Judaism despises non-Jews
the Talmud urges Jews to do a variety of harms to Christians , such as murder and theft , and teaches that each death of a Christian serves as a substitute for the Temple sacrifices , which would then hasten the arrival of the Jewish messiah .
`` By means of numerous citations in Hebrew and Latin translations , he sought to demonstrate that the Talmud obliged Jews to injure Christians in multifarious ways , and to work for their elimination . Pranaitis drew on the works of the German anti-Talmudists Jakob Ecker and August Rohling . The book received the imprimatur of the church and was published by the press of the Academy of Sciences . ''
Michael , Robert , Dictionary of antisemitism from the earliest times to the present , Scarecrow Press , 2007 , p 369 :
`` According to Pranaitis , the Talmud urged Jews to murder Christians , as each death of a Christian serving as a substitute for the Temple sacrifices , would hasten the arrival of the Jewish messiah . The Talmudic and Torah prohibitions about consuming blood were circumvented , according to Pranaitis , by boiling the blood . ''
Structure and themes
A portion of the book 's outline is as follows :
Chapter I. Christians are to be Avoided
Art . 1 . Christians Unworthy to Associate with Jews
Art . 2 . Christians are Unclean
Art . 3 . Christians are Idolaters
Art . 4 . Christians are Evil
Chapter II . Christians are to be Exterminated
Art . 1 . Christians to be Harmed Indirectly
1 . By not helping them
2 . By interfering in their work
3 . By deceit in legal matters
4 . By harming them in things necessary for life
Art . 2 . Christians to be Harmed Directly
1 . Renegades to be killed
2 . Apostates
3 . Princes especially the Prince of Rome ( the Pope ) to be exterminated
4 . All Christians to be killed
5 . Killing a Christian is an acceptable sacrifice to God
6 . Heaven promised to those who kill Christians
7 . A Christian may be beheaded on the most solemn festivals
8 . The Messiah expected will be revengeful
9 . Jewish prayers against Christians
10 . Christian prayers for the Jews
Accuracy and fabrication
Pranaitis could not read Aramaic ( the primary language of the Talmud ) , and probably used works by August Rohling and others as his sources .
The book includes numerous quotations from the Talmud and the Zohar . His ignorance of some simple Talmudic Aramaic concepts and definitions , such as `` hullin '' , was demonstrated during the Menahem Mendel Beilis blood libel case in which he testified as a `` Talmud expert '' .
Antisemitism
Scholars classify The Talmud Unmasked as an anti-semitic and anti-Talmudic work , comparable to Der Talmud Jude by August Rohling ( 1871 ) and The Traditions of the Jews by Johann Eisenmenger ( 1700 ) .
Use by apocalyptic cults
Jeffrey Kaplan describes how the book was used by cults to support apocalyptic theories , particular relating to the end-of-times .
See also
Antisemitism
Criticism of the Talmud
Criticism of Judaism
Johann Eisenmenger
Protocols of the Elders of Zion
Notes
1892 non-fiction books
Antisemitic canards
Antisemitic forgeries
Antisemitism in Lithuania
Books critical of religion
Criticism of Judaism
Talmud
Tipps End is an English hamlet on the B1100 road between Welney and Christchurch , Cambridgeshire . It is also sometimes referred to as `` Tips End '' . It is on the border of the Isle of Ely , Cambridgeshire and Norfolk , to the east of March , Cambridgeshire .
Notable residents
Captain Tom Moore , fundraiser
Further reading
References
Hamlets in Norfolk
King 's Lynn and West Norfolk
Owain Rhys Jones ( born 1 October 1996 ) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a winger or a striker for Cymru Premier side Pontypridd United .
Early life
Jones was born in Swansea and educated at Ysgol Dyffryn Aman , Ammanford , Wales .
Club career
Early career
Jones played junior football for Pontardawe Town Juniors AFC before signing for Swansea City at the age of 10 .
Swansea City
Prolific in front of goal , Jones was integrated into the Swansea City U21s squad during 2014–15 having scored 16 goals in 20 appearances for the U18s team . He was offered his first professional contract in 2014 for Swansea City .
Yeovil Town ( loan )
On 31 January 2017 , Jones signed for Yeovil Town on loan until the end of the season . Jones made his English Football League debut for Yeovil against Hartlepool United , on 4 February 2017 .
Upon his return from his loan spell with Yeovil , Jones was released by Swansea at the end of the 2016–17 season .
Merthyr Town
Following his release from Swansea , Jones signed for Merthyr Town in 2017 .
Nuneaton Borough
On the 21 June 2018 , Jones signed for National League North side Nuneaton Borough .
Return to Merthyr Town
Jones was loaned back to Merthyr Town in September 2018 before later joining permanently .
Aberystwyth Town
Following his departure from Merthyr , Jones signed for Cymru Premier side Aberystwyth Town on 17 June 2020 . He was given the number 20 shirt for the 2020–21 season .
International career
In 2011 , Jones represented Wales at U16 level at a triangular tournament in Belgium involving the hosts , Wales and Switzerland .
The 2012–13 season saw Jones being called up into the Wales U17 squad in the European Championship Qualification Group stage against England , Northern Ireland and Estonia .
Jones was selected for the Wales U19s squad the following season for their European Championship Qualification Group stage in Georgia scoring the first goal in a 6–0 victory in their final game against Moldova – a win which ensured qualification for the Elite Round in Portugal where Jones made 2 further appearances . In 2014–15 , Jones was again selected for the U19s squad U19 European Championship Qualification Group campaign and started in all 3 games in Portugal .
Still aged 18 , Jones was called into the U21 squad for the European Championship fixture against Bulgaria at the Cardiff City Stadium on 31 March 2015 . He was an unused substitute in a 3–1 win . Later in the qualification campaign , Jones made his debut in a 2–1 win over Armenia .
Honours
Individual
Swansea City U18 Player of the Year : 2014–15
References
Living people
1996 births
Footballers from Swansea
Welsh footballers
Wales youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Swansea City A.F.C . players
Yeovil Town F.C . players
Merthyr Town F.C . players
Nuneaton Borough F.C . players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
National League ( English football ) players
Aberystwyth Town F.C . players
Cymru Premier players
Quad Electroacoustics is a Chinese manufacturer of hi-fi equipment , based in Shenzhen , China .
Corporate history
The company was founded by Peter J. Walker in 1936 in London , and was initially called S.P . Fidelity Sound Systems . In 1936 the name was changed to the Acoustical Manufacturing Co. Ltd . The company moved from London to Huntingdon in 1941 after being bombed out of London in World War II .
The company initially produced only public address equipment but after the war they began to produce equipment designed for use in the home as a result of the rising demand for high quality domestic sound reproduction . Within a few years the company had transitioned almost entirely to manufacturing models for the home audio market .
Peter Walker was quoted in December 1975 in ‘ Wireless World ' magazine , `` An audio power amplifier is required to produce an output signal that differs from the input signal in magnitude only . It must therefore have occurred to every circuit designer that it should be a simple matter to take a portion of the output , compare it with the input to derive an error signal . It is then only necessary to amplify the error signal and add it to the output in the correct amplitude and phase to cancel completely the distortion of the primary amplifier . ''
Peter put this principle into practice using two amplifiers per channel instead of one . The first stage ‘ error ' amplifier is low powered but very high quality . The second amplifier is high powered , but of lesser audio high quality . ( It 's a lot more difficult to achieve very low distortion in high powered amplifier stages ) . Peter designed a way to compare the high powered output with the original audio input and derive the required error correction signal which is then injected into the audio path , in such a way that the high power audio output achieves a very low distortion figure , even at very high power levels . This innovative product earned Quad the Queen 's Award for Technological Achievement in 1978 .
Peter Walker was also attributed with the famous hifi quote `` the perfect amplifier is a straight wire with gain '' -- - the implication being that nothing would be added , and nothing taken away from the signal , just a bigger version of the same thing at one end . It was an aim , a goal , a description of the perfect amplifier - nobody , including Mr. Walker , ever said they 'd attained that goal , and even if they did , the chances were that they were severely handicapped by their test equipment at the time .
The name `` QUAD '' is an acronym for `` Quality Unit Amplifier Domestic '' , used to describe the QUAD I amplifier . In 1983 , when having become known for their QUAD range of products , the Acoustical Manufacturing Co. Ltd changed its name to QUAD Electroacoustics Ltd .
In 1995 , QUAD Electroacoustics Ltd was bought by Verity Group plc , joining its existing brands of Wharfedale and Mission . A few changes were made , including shifting all production to Shenzhen , China .
In September 1997 the company changed ownership again as Verity Group sold off businesses to finance its development of flat panel loudspeakers . With Wharfedale it became part of the Chinese International Audio Group under the management of Bernard and Michael Chang . Since Walker 's death in 2003 , the firm has had only its design ethos— '' the closest approach to the original sound '' —in common with the British hi-fi firm he founded in 1936 .
In 2003 , a book was commissioned `` QUAD The Closest Approach '' which offered a history of the company from its creation to that point .
The company 's founder , Peter J. Walker , died in 2003 at the age of 87 . He had retired in the late 1980s , then turning management over to his son Ross Walker .
Audio products
The company 's first products were released in 1948 . The QA12 and QA12/P were low-powered mono valve designs . This unit 's sound quality reproduction was high compared with other products on the market at the time , and was thus adopted for use by the BBC .
Amplification
Following the mass production of 'stereo ' vinyl records in 1958 , the QC 22 control unit was developed and released in 1959 . This was a stereo control unit that was designed to be used with a pair of QUAD II mono power amplifiers . To complement the QUAD II , the company also produced AM and FM tuners for use with the QC II & 22 control units .
The company made the transition to transistor-powered models in 1966 with the `` professional '' QUAD 50 monoblock which had a tapped transformer output and in 1967 the consumer Quad 33 preamplifier and 303 stereo power amplifier combination .
Control Unit – Pre Amplifiers
Quad 33 – 1967 to 1982 – 120,000 units
Quad 34 – 1982 to 1995 – 41,000 units
Quad 44 – 1979 to 1989 – 40,000 units
Quad 66 – 1986 to 1997 – 12,000 units
Quad 99 - 1999 to 2002
Stereo Power Amplifier
Quad 303 – 1967 to 1985 – 94,000 units
Monobloc Power Amplifier
Quad 50E - 1966 to 1983 - 12,000 units
Current Dumping Power Amplifiers
Quad 405 – 1975 to 1982 – 64,000 units
Quad 405–2 1982 to 1993 – 100,000 units
Quad 306 – 1986 to 1995 – 25,000 units
Quad 606 – 1986 to 1997 – 27,700 units
Quad 707 - 1997 to 1999
Quad 909 - 1999 to 2002
Integrated Amplifier
Quad 77 - 1994 to 1999
Loudspeakers
In late 1949 ( or early 1950 ) , the company launched the CR corner ribbon loudspeaker . This used a Goodmans Axiom 150 cone loudspeaker for the lower frequencies and an electromagnetic ribbon loudspeaker , designed by Acoustical , for the higher frequencies . Fewer than one thousand units were sold .
In 1957 , they released the Quad Electrostatic Loudspeaker ( ESL ) , the first production full frequency range electrostatic loudspeaker renowned for sonic transparency and very low distortion . Its sonic neutrality and transparency were offset by its extreme directionality , moderate power handling , the need for a large room , and moderate bass extension ; its novel electrical characteristics could render some amplifiers unstable , which could result in damage to either or both .
The ESL was quickly adopted by the BBC for monitoring the sound quality of their broadcasts . The BBC eventually replaced them with moving coil based monitor speakers developed by several manufacturers , such as the highly successful LS3/5A , that were more easily transported and stored , and were more representative of typical contemporary hi-fi speakers .
Quad launched ESL-63 , successor to the original ESL , in 1981 . The newer design featured larger panels and an innovative stator design , made up of eight concentric rings fed from the centre outwards through analogue delay lines , so that the audio signal radiated out as though emanating from a single point . Subsequent electrostatic models , the 988/989 , the 2805/2905 and then the 2812/2912 were successive refinements of the ESL-63 design , featuring increased power handling and output levels , more sophisticated overload protection , and greater structural rigidity .
Following the Verity acquisition , Quad developed and market a range of conventional electrodynamic loudspeakers alongside its electrostatic line , available in both passive and active ( i.e . featuring in-box amplification ) configurations .
Many of Quad 's products , including the Quad Electrostatic Loudspeaker ( ESL-57 ) , are still serviced by the Company 's Service Department in Huntingdon .
References
External links
http : //www.iaggroup.com/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20150811030914/http : //www.iaggroup.com/quad1.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20150228214406/http : //www.iaggroup.com/WHARFEDLE.html
http : //www.fidele.co.uk/
http : //www.quadesl.org
Audio amplifier manufacturers
Audio equipment manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Compact Disc player manufacturers
Loudspeaker manufacturers
Electronics companies established in 1936
1936 establishments in England
English brands
Lomond School is an independent co-educational day and boarding school in Helensburgh , Argyll and Bute , Scotland . It was formed from a merger in 1977 between Larchfield School ( dating from 1845 and previously called Larchfield Academy ) and St Bride 's School for Girls ( founded 1895 ) . It is a member school of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference . The school originally used both the Larchfield and St Brides sites . In 1997 the St Brides building burnt down in a fire . A replacement building was built on the St Brides site , and the Larchfield site was sold .
Larchfield Academy ( later called Larchfield School ) was founded in 1845 and was latterly a preparatory school for boys . In the late 1920s and early 1930s Cecil Day-Lewis and W. H. Auden taught there briefly .
It currently has over 575 pupils and over 45 teaching staff .
Notable former pupils
John Logie Baird
Alexander Murray Drennan FRSE ( 1884-1984 ) Professor of Pathology who reached the age of 100
Bonar Law
Dr John Edwin MacKenzie FRSE ( 1868-1955 ) chemist
James George Frazer , Scottish social anthropologist , clacissist and folklorist
Vicki Hopkinson , prizewinning artist
Alexander Ure , 1st Baron Strathclyde
Fiona Burnet , field hockey
References
External links
Lomond School
Profile on the Independent Schools Council website
1966 All school photo via Steve Kropper
Boarding schools in Argyll and Bute
Member schools of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference
Independent schools in Argyll and Bute
Primary schools in Argyll and Bute
Secondary schools in Argyll and Bute
Helensburgh
International Baccalaureate schools in Scotland
The 1949/1950 News of the World Snooker Tournament was a professional snooker tournament sponsored by the News of the World . The tournament was won by Joe Davis with Sidney Smith finishing in second place . It was the first News of the World Tournament , a tournament that ran until 1959 .
Format
The 1949/1950 event was a round-robin snooker tournament and was played from 10 October 1949 to 21 January 1950 . All matches were played at Leicester Square Hall in London . There were 8 competitors and a total of 28 matches . The competitors were Joe Davis , Walter Donaldson , George Chenier , Horace Lindrum , Sidney Smith , Peter Mans and Albert Brown . Each match lasted three days and was the best of 37 frames . There was a qualifying competition prior to the main event . This involved 4 players in a round-robin tournament with the winner , Albert Brown , advancing to the main event . 1949 World Snooker Champion Fred Davis did not enter as he objected to the matches being over only three days rather than the normal six .
Each player was given a handicap at the start of the tournament . The handicaps were : Davis : -7 , Donaldson : 0 , Chenier , Lindrum and Smith : 13 , Pulman : 14 , Mans : 16 and Brown : 19 . The player with the higher handicap received a start in each frame , being the difference between the two handicaps . Thus Brown received a 3-point start in his match against Mans .
Results
The two top-seeded players met in the first match . Joe Davis beat Walter Donaldson , won a tough match ; taking a winning 19–16 lead in the final session . In the second match Albert Brown , receiving a 26-point start each frame , led Joe Davis 18–6 after two days and won comfortably .
Going into his last match Albert Brown seemed the likely winner of the tournament . He and Joe Davis had won 5 matches out of 6 but Brown had an 8 frame lead . This meant that if Brown won his last match 19–18 , Davis would need to win his last match 28–9 to win the event . However Brown lost his last match , against Horace Lindrum , which meant that Davis only needed to win his match against George Chenier to win the tournament . In the next match Sidney Smith won 26–11 , overtaking Brown in the standings and meaning that Smith would win the tournament if Davis lost . Davis took a 19–4 lead against Chenier to guarantee the £500 first prize with Smith in second place and Brown third .
Joe Davis scored the first century of the tournament on 8 November in his match against John Pulman . Pulman potted a red before Davis cleared the table with a break of 130 . Davis scored a break of exactly 100 against Sidney Smith on 3 January . George Chenier scored a break of 107 on 19 January in his match against Davis .
Table
The positions were determined firstly by the number of matches won ( MW ) and , in the event of a tie , the number of frames won ( FW ) . Albert Brown won an additional £50 for winning the qualifying competition .
Qualifying
The qualifying tournament was played from 19 September to 8 October 1949 . These matches were also played at Leicester Square Hall in London . As in the main event , each match lasted three days and was the best of 37 frames . Albert Brown and Alec Brown each won their first two matches which meant that the final match , between the two , would decide the winner . Albert Brown won a close match 20–17 . Alec had led 13–11 at the start of the final day . Conrad Stanbury conceded his match against John Barrie because of illness . Barrie was leading 8–4 at the time . Barrie played a two-day exhibition match against Peter Mans instead .
References
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Tournament
Pope Pius are popes named Pius . It may refer to :
People
Popes of the Roman Catholic Church
Pope Pius I ( c. 140–154 ; officially listed as 142/146 – 157/161 )
Pope Pius II ( 1458–1464 )
Pope Pius III ( 1503 )
Pope Pius IV ( 1559–1565 )
Pope Pius V ( 1566–1572 )
Pope Pius VI ( 1775–1799 )
Pope Pius VII ( 1800–1823 )
Pope Pius VIII ( 1829–1830 )
Pope Pius IX ( 1846–1878 )
Pope Pius X ( 1903–1914 )
Pope Pius XI ( 1922–1939 )
Pope Pius XII ( 1939–1958 )
Other people
Lucian Pulvermacher ( Antipope Pius XIII ; 1998–2009 )
Fictional people
Pius XV , a character in the Babylon 5 universe
Pope Pius XIII , a character in the television series The Young Pope
Pope Pius XIII , a character in the 1978 film Foul Play
Pope Pius XIII , a character in the book series “ Vatican Knights ” by Rick Jones
Pope Pius XVI , a character in Angels & Demons by Dan Brown
See also
Pope Pius XIII ( disambiguation )
Pius ( disambiguation )
Pope ( disambiguation )
Papal names
( ; North Frisian Polweerm ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
The municipality is located on the island of Pellworm – one of the North Frisian Islands on the North Sea coast of Germany . Its area is 37 km² , and its population is roughly 1,200 . A landmark is the Old Church ( ) with its Arp Schnitger organ from about 1710 .
In medieval times Pellworm was a part of the larger island of Strand which was torn into pieces in the disastrous Burchardi flood in 1634 . Other remnants of Strand are Nordstrand and the Halligen . All these belonged to the historical region of Uthlande .
Pellworm is accessible by a ferry departing from the neighbouring peninsula of Nordstrand ( which is in turn connected with the mainland by a road causeway ) .
The island hosts one of the largest hybrid renewable energy plants in Europe . It combines 2.7 MW solar panels ; 5.7 MW wind energy and 0.5 MW of biogas digestion plant with to provide over 700 MWh/year of electricity . Since the island 's average electricity production capacity exceeds its average demand multiple times , yet there is a time mismatch between the two , this site was chosen for EU 's largest stationary energy storage facility ca . 2015 . In 2022 the island hosts a 560 kW/560 kWh lithium-ion battery , a 200 kW/1600 kWh vanadium flow battery , and a thermal storage unit . Gildemeister , now Cellcube part of Enerox , supplied the vanadium battery .
Together with several smaller islands , Pellworm forms the Amt of Pellworm .
References
North Frisian Islands
Nordfriesland
Islands of Schleswig-Holstein
Beiqiao ( ) is an above-ground station on Line 5 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of Humin Highway and Beisong Highway in the city 's Minhang District , the station opened with the rest of the first phase of Line 5 on 25 November 2003 . Between 28 December 2018 and 26 December 2020 , passengers who wish to travel to stations on the branch line of Line 5 between and stations must transfer to four-car trains at Dongchuan Road station . Since 26 December 2020 , both the main and the branch line trains run all the way to Xinzhuang with no shuttle service .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Line 5 , Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Railway stations in China opened in 2003
`` Infinite Love '' is a single by Indian composer A. R. Rahman . The single was released under Sony Music on 20 December 2012 and was recorded to `` instill faith and optimism in people '' prior to the predicted doomsday on 21 December 2012 . The song was also released in Hindi , titled `` Behad Pyaar '' , which translates to `` Infinite Love '' in English . Rahman , Indian rapper Blaaze along with Gil Levy wrote the lyrics for the English version , whereas lyricist Irshad Kamil worked on the Hindi lyrics .
Development
Initially , several reports in September 2012 came up that Rahman 's son A. R. Ameen would feature in his maiden production venture which would be a film . Though Rahman confirmed the reports not to be a film but claimed kids to be a part of this project and so his son . In December 2012 , Rahman announced that he has finished composing a song to `` instill faith and optimism in people '' facing a prediction that the world would come to an end on 21 December 2012 . After his last non-film work of patriotic album Vande Mataram released in 1997 , post 15 years Rahman came up with this single . For this project , he collaborated with global industrialist Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita Ambani 's production Reliance Industries Ltd. Rahman stated that he personally interacted with his fans and tapped into their perspectives on topics such as creating a borderless world , understanding of karma and the importance of being human . Infinite Love had developed keeping a global audience in mind . The base concept of the song evolved when Rahman recollected a story about an elephant , wandering into a village of the blind people . Each person touches a different part of the elephant , the trunk , the tail , the tusk , and each one feels what the creature is . Rahman said in one of his interviews that he had started working on the concept two years back in 2010 but due to his busy schedule , he could pay attention to it only after a year . He also wanted to make project kid-friendly which would provide kids `` exciting content to watch '' .
Music video
A music video is directed by Paul Boyd who has worked with artists like Sting , Shania Twain , Kylie Minogue , Celine Dion , Bryan Adams and INXS . The video is choreographed by Longinus Fernandes , whose work in the 2012 Bollywood film Barfi ! was lauded by critics . The video was shot in late-September 2012 at various locations including Mumbai , United States , Jamaica and Hong Kong . The video footage was shot across four different countries in 20 days over six months by Boyd , featuring children from Africa , Hong Kong , USA and India . A cloaked figure was also featured which would be indicated to bring healing to the world . Rahman wrote that the music video would serve `` as a reminder '' for everybody `` to be open to change and the incredible ways we can come together in the world . '' Rahman 's son A. R. Ameen who made acting debut with `` Infinite Love '' , had taken three days acting course before the shooting commenced . The music video involved around 200 people and had CGI effects which were finished in three months . The shooting footage of 30 hours was then edited to seven minutes short film to highlight the making of video .
Release
The song was unveiled on 20 December 2012 at the Dhirubhai Ambani International School , Mumbai . The song was officially released on the same day through YouTube and iTunes . According to Rahman , writing in the Huffington Post , he was `` excited to share '' his new single video which would celebrate `` the similarities and differences '' of `` all the great facets of life and culture around the world '' . Rahman wanted the song released like an album as he was involved in multiple roles for his project . In addition to creating the concept for the project , Rahman also acted as a producer , and he described the whole project as a `` learning process '' for him . He expressed to extend the concept to an extended play , `` if not a complete album '' .
References
2012 singles
Indian songs
Music videos directed by Paul Boyd
Songs with music by A. R. Rahman
Songs with lyrics by Irshad Kamil
2012 songs
Phosphatase and tensin homolog ( PTEN ) is a phosphatase in humans and is encoded by the PTEN gene . Mutations of this gene are a step in the development of many cancers , specifically glioblastoma , lung cancer , breast cancer , and prostate cancer . Genes corresponding to PTEN ( orthologs ) have been identified in most mammals for which complete genome data are available .
PTEN acts as a tumor suppressor gene through the action of its phosphatase protein product . This phosphatase is involved in the regulation of the cell cycle , preventing cells from growing and dividing too rapidly . It is a target of many anticancer drugs .
The protein encoded by this gene is a phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate 3-phosphatase . It contains a tensin-like domain as well as a catalytic domain similar to that of the dual specificity protein tyrosine phosphatases . Unlike most of the protein tyrosine phosphatases , this protein preferentially dephosphorylates phosphoinositide substrates . It negatively regulates intracellular levels of phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate in cells and functions as a tumor suppressor by negatively regulating the Akt/PKB signaling pathway .
Function
PTEN protein acts as a phosphatase to dephosphorylate phosphatidylinositol ( 3,4,5 ) -trisphosphate ( PtdIns ( 3,4,5 ) P3 or PIP3 ) . PTEN specifically catalyses the dephosphorylation of the 3 ` phosphate of the inositol ring in PIP3 , resulting in the biphosphate product PIP2 ( PtdIns ( 4,5 ) P2 ) . This dephosphorylation is important because it results in inhibition of the Akt signaling pathway , which plays an important role in regulating cellular behaviors such as cell growth , survival , and migration .
PTEN also has weak protein phosphatase activity , but this activity is also crucial for its role as a tumor suppressor . PTEN 's protein phosphatase activity may be involved in the regulation of the cell cycle , preventing cells from growing and dividing too rapidly . There have been numerous reported protein substrates for PTEN , including IRS1 and Dishevelled .
PTEN is one of the targets for drug candidates such as the oncomiR , MIRN21 .
Structure
The structure of the core of PTEN ( solved by X-ray crystallography , see figure to the upper right ) reveals that it consists primarily of a phosphatase domain , and a C2 domain : the phosphatase domain contains the active site , which carries out the enzymatic function of the protein , while the C2 domain binds the phospholipid membrane . Thus PTEN binds the membrane through both its phosphatase and C2 domains , bringing the active site to the membrane-bound PIP3 to dephosphorylate it .
The two domains of PTEN , a protein tyrosine phosphatase domain and a C2 domain , are inherited together as a single unit and thus constitute a superdomain , not only in PTEN but also in various other proteins in fungi , plants and animals , for example , tensin proteins and auxilin .
The active site of PTEN consists of three loops , the TI Loop , the P Loop , and the WPD Loop , all named following the PTPB1 nomenclature . Together they form an unusually deep and wide pocket which allows PTEN to accommodate the bulky phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate substrate . The dephosphorylation reaction mechanism of PTEN is thought to proceed through a phosphoenzyme intermediate , with the formation of a phosphodiester bond on the active site cysteine , C124 .
Not present in the crystal structure of PTEN is a short 10-amino-acid unstructured region N-terminal of the phosphatase domain ( from residues 6 to 15 ) , known variously as the PIP2 Binding Domain ( PBD ) or PIP2 Binding Motif ( PBM ) This region increases PTEN 's affinity for the plasma membrane by binding to Phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate , or possibly any anionic lipid .
Also not present in the crystal structure is the intrinsically disordered C-terminal region ( CTR ) ( spanning residues 353–403 ) . The CTR is constitutively phosphorylated at various positions that effect various aspects of PTEN , including its ability to bind to lipid membranes , and also act as either a protein or lipid phosphatase .
Additionally , PTEN can also be expressed as PTEN-L ( known as PTEN-Long , or PTEN-α ) , a leucine initiator alternative start site variant , which adds an additional 173 amino acids to the N-terminus of PTEN . The exact role of this 173-amino acid extension is not yet known , either causing PTEN to be secreted from the cell , or to interact with the mitochondria . The N-terminal extension has been predicted to be largely disordered , although there is evidence that there is some structure in the last twenty amino acids of the extension ( most proximal to the start methionine of PTEN ) .
Clinical significance
Cancer
PTEN is one of the most commonly lost tumor suppressors in human cancer ; in fact , up to 70 % of men with prostate cancer are estimated to have lost a copy of the PTEN gene at the time of diagnosis . A number of studies have found increased frequency of PTEN loss in tumours which are more highly visible on diagnostic scans such as mpMRI , potentially reflecting increased proliferation and cell density in these tumours .
During tumor development , mutations and deletions of PTEN occur that inactivate its enzymatic activity leading to increased cell proliferation and reduced cell death . Frequent genetic inactivation of PTEN occurs in glioblastoma , endometrial cancer , and prostate cancer ; and reduced expression is found in many other tumor types such as lung and breast cancer . Furthermore , PTEN mutation also causes a variety of inherited predispositions to cancer .
Non-cancerous neoplasia
Researchers have identified more than 70 mutations in the PTEN gene in people with Cowden syndrome . These mutations can be changes in a small number of base pairs or , in some cases , deletions of a large number of base pairs . Most of these mutations cause the PTEN gene to make a protein that does not function properly or does not work at all . The defective protein is unable to stop cell division or signal abnormal cells to die , which can lead to tumor growth , particularly in the breast , thyroid , or uterus .
Mutations in the PTEN gene cause several other disorders that , like Cowden syndrome , are characterized by the development of non-cancerous tumors called hamartomas . These disorders include Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome and Proteus-like syndrome . Together , the disorders caused by PTEN mutations are called PTEN hamartoma tumor syndromes , or PHTS . Mutations responsible for these syndromes cause the resulting protein to be non-functional or absent . The defective protein allows the cell to divide in an uncontrolled way and prevents damaged cells from dying , which can lead to the growth of tumors .
Brain function and autism
Defects of the PTEN gene have been cited to be a potential cause of autism spectrum disorders .
When defective , PTEN protein interacts with the protein of a second gene known as Tp53 to dampen energy production in neurons . This severe stress leads to a spike in harmful mitochondrial DNA changes and abnormal levels of energy production in the cerebellum and hippocampus , brain regions critical for social behavior and cognition . When PTEN protein is insufficient , its interaction with p53 triggers deficiencies and defects in other proteins that also have been found in patients with learning disabilities including autism . People with autism and PTEN mutations may have macrocephaly ( unusually large heads ) .
Patients with defective PTEN can develop cerebellar mass lesions called dysplastic gangliocytomas or Lhermitte–Duclos disease .
Cell regeneration
PTEN 's strong link to cell growth inhibition is being studied as a possible therapeutic target in tissues that do not traditionally regenerate in mature animals , such as central neurons . PTEN deletion mutants have recently been shown to allow nerve regeneration in mice .
As a drug target
PTEN inhibitors
Bisperoxovanadium compounds may have a neuroprotective effect after CNS injury . PTEN is inhibited by sarcopoterium .
Cell lines
Cell lines with known PTEN mutations include :
prostate : LNCaP , PC-3
kidney : 786-O
glioblastoma : U87MG
breast : MB-MDA-468 , BT549
bladder : J82 , UMUC-3
Interactions
PTEN ( gene ) has been shown to interact with :
CSNK2A2 ,
CSNK2A1 ,
MAGI3
MVP ,
NEDD4 ,
NR3C4 ,
P53 , and
PTK2 .
See also
Multiple hamartoma syndrome
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on PTEN Hamartoma Tumor Syndrome ( PHTS )
Research shows gene defect 's role in autism-like behavior
Dance Your PhD 2017 : A Story of Tumor Suppression Deepti Mathur . PTEN and cancer explained in dance . A metabolic pathway uses glutamine to create a component of DNA . This pathway is regulated in part by PTEN . Loss of PTEN allows the pathway to go into overdrive , leading to cancer . A drug that interrupts the PTEN pathway preferentially destroys cancer cells .
PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate 3-phosphatase and dual-specificity protein phosphatase PTEN
Tumor suppressor genes
Peripheral membrane proteins
EC 3.1.3
Religion in Palestine may refer to :
State of Palestine # Religion
Freedom of religion in the State of Palestine
Palestinian territories # Religion
See also
Palestine ( disambiguation )
From 1990 to 1994 , more LGBTQ characters appeared in anime than in Western animation . Most prominently , LGBTQ characters appeared in lesbian , bisexual , and genderqueer characters in Dear Brother , Sailor Moon , and Ai no Kusabi . In contrast , Gargoyles featured an array of gay , bisexual , and asexual characters . This trend would continue in the later 1990s , with more LGBTQ characters introduced in Western animation .
This list only includes recurring characters , otherwise known as supporting characters , which appear frequently from time to time during the series ' run , often playing major roles in more than one episode , and those in the main cast are listed below . LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay ( in animation and anime ) , lesbian ( in animation and anime ) , bisexual ( in animation and anime ) , trans , pansexual , asexual , non-binary , and intersex characters .
For a further understanding of how these LGBTQ characters fit into the overall history of animation , see the History of LGBTQ characters in animated series : 1990s page .
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series .
1990–1993
1994
Notes
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
List of animated films with LGBT characters
References
1990s animated television series
1990s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
FC Berkut Bedevlia is an amateur Ukrainian football club from Tyachiv Raion , Zakarpattia Oblast .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
| }
Berkut Bedevlia , FC
Football clubs in Zakarpattia Oblast
The Districts of the Belgian Congo were the primary administrative divisions when Belgium annexed the Congo Free State in 1908 , each administered by a district commissioner .
In 1914 they were distributed among four large provinces , with some boundary changes .
In 1933 the provinces were restructured into six , again with boundary changes .
The number of districts fluctuated between 12 and 26 through splits and consolidations , first rising , then falling , then rising again .
History
The Congo Free State was annexed by Belgium in 1908 to become the Belgian Congo .
At first the structure of districts was retained .
In 1910 the western districts of Banana , Boma , Matadi and Cataractes were consolidated into one administrative unit , Bas-Congo , reducing the number to twelve .
Parts of the Stanley Falls and Lualaba districts were combined to form Katanga in 1910 , which was called a vice-government general .
Otherwise , the Free State districts were maintained until 28 March 1912 .
An arrêté royal of 28 March 1912 divided the Congo into 22 districts .
An arrêté royal of 28 July 1914 grouped the districts into the provinces of Congo-Kasaï , Équateur , Orientale Province and Katanga , with the objective of improving responsiveness through decentralization .
The consolidation had in fact started in Katanga in 1912 and Orientale in 1913 , but Congo-Kasai did not formally become a vice-government until 1919 .
Each of the new provinces was made up of several of the existing districts .
The colonial administrators felt the need to assign the many diverse ethnic groups to defined territories , where before they had often been mobile .
The districts were divided into territories , which in turn were divided into sectors , and many chiefdoms were recognized .
Several of the smallest might be combined into one sector , while the largest chiefdoms were split across sectors .
The original four provinces had considerable autonomy , but in 1933 they were reorganized into six provinces , named after their capitals , and the central government assumed more control .
The Congo-Kasaï and Orientale provinces were both split , and some other adjustments were made to form six provinces named after their capitals ; Léopoldville , Lusambo ( Kasai ) , Costermansville ( Kivu ) , Elisabethville ( Katanga ) , Stanleyville ( Orientale ) and Coquilhatville ( Équateur ) .
The number of districts was reduced to 15 , with 102 territories . Provincial boundaries remained fairly stable until after independence in 1960 .
There continued to be frequent adjustments to district and territory boundaries , mostly to recognise sectional and tribal divisions .
By 1956 there were 26 districts and 135 territories .
1910 districts
In 1910 there were 12 districts . Clockwise , starting from the mouth of the Congo River , they were :
Bas-Congo
Moyen-Congo
Lac Léopold II
Équateur
Bangala
Ubangi
Uele
Aruwimi
Stanleyville
Katanga
Kasai
Kwango
1912 districts
In 1912 there were 22 districts . Changes were :
Équateur had been divided into a smaller Équateur to the south , and Lulonga to the north .
Uele had been divided into Bas-Uele and Haut-Uele
Stanleyville had been divided into a smaller Stanleyville , and Lowa , Ituri , Maniema and Kivu
Kasai had been divided into Sankuru to the north and a smaller Kasai to the south . Part of the district had been reassigned to Katanga
Katanga had been made into a vice governorship general , and divided into Lomami ( including part of the old Kasai ) , Tanganika-Moero , Haut-Luapula and Lulua ( including part of the old Kasai )
The districts in 1912 were :
Bas-Congo
Moyen-Congo
Lac Léopold II
Équateur
Lulonga
Bangala
Ubangi
Bas-Uele
Haut-Uele
Aruwimi
Stanleyville
Lowa
Ituri
Maniema
Kivu
Sankuru
Kasai
Kwango
Lomami
Tanganika-Moero
Haut-Luapula
Lulua
Districts in 1926
By 1926 the districts had been organized into four large provinces , with some boundary changes .
Apart from boundary adjustments , the district-level changes were :
A new urban district of Léopoldville had been created around the capital city
Moyen-Congo had been merged into Bas-Congo ( south ) and Lac Léopold II ( north )
Lowa and Maniema had been combined into a new Maniema , losing part of their territory to Kivu to the east .
The new organization was¨ :
Congo-Kasaï
Léopoldville
Bas-Congo
Kwango
Kasai
Sankuru
Équateur
Ubangi
Bangala
Lulonga
Équateur
Lac Léopold II
Orientale
Bas-Uele
Haut-Uele
Aruwimi
Stanleyville
Maniema
Ituri
Kivu
Katanga
Lomami
Tanganika-Moero
Haut-Luapula
Lulua
Districts in 1933
In 1933 the number of provinces was increased to six , while the number of districts was reduced to 16 .
This provincial breakdown would last until after the Republic of the Congo ( Léopoldville ) became independent in 1960 .
The new organization was :
Léopoldville
Léopoldville
Bas-Congo
Kwango
Lac Léopold II
Lusambo ( Kasai )
Sankuru
Kasai
Coquilhatville ( Équateur )
Congo-Ubangi
Tshuapa
Stanleyville ( Orientale )
Stanleyville
Uele
Kibali-Ituri
Costermansville ( Kivu )
Kivu
Maniema
Elisabethville ( Katanga )
Tanganika
Lualaba
Haut-Katanga
Districts in 1954
The districts in 1954 were :
Léopoldville
Léopoldville
Lac Leopold II
Kwilu
Kwango
Bas-Congo
Cataractes
Kasai
Lulua
Sankuru
Kabinda
Kasai
Equateur
Equateur
Mongala
Ubangi
Tshuapa
Orientale
Stanleyville
Ituri
Bas-Uele
Haut-Uele
Kivu
Sud-Kivu
Nord-Kivu
Maniema
Katanga
Elisabethville
Tanganyika
Lualaba
Haut-Lomami
Luapula-Moero
Post-independence
Further changes were made after the Republic of the Congo ( Léopoldville ) became independent .
As of 2008 the provinces and districts were :
Bandundu
Kwango
Kwilu
Mai-Ndombe
Plateaux
Bas-Congo
Bas-Fleuve
Cataractes
Lukaya
Kasai-Occidental
Kasaï
Lulua
Kasai-Oriental
Kabinda
Sankuru
Tshilenge
Équateur
Équateur
Mongala
Nord-Ubangi
Sud-Ubangi
Tshuapa
Orientale
Bas-Uele
Haut-Uele
Ituri
Tshopo
Nord-Kivu
Sud-Kivu
Maniema
Katanga
Haut-Katanga
Haut-Lomami
Kolwezi
Lualaba
Tanganyika
See also
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Sources
Shavar Ross is an American actor , film director , screenwriter , film producer , editor , photographer , author , and retail entrepreneur . He is known for his recurring television role as Dudley Johnson , Gary Coleman 's best friend in the NBC sitcom Diff'rent Strokes , Alex `` Weasel '' Parks in the ABC sitcom Family Matters , and as `` Reggie the Reckless '' in the fifth installment of the Friday the 13th movie series Friday the 13th : A New Beginning ( 1985 ) .
Biography
Ross was born in New York City in the South Bronx . His parents separated when he was seven years old . His mother took Shavar and his sister to Macon , Georgia , while his father went to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career .
In 1979 , while visiting his father in California during his school 's Christmas vacation , Shavar was discovered by top children 's agent Evelyn Shultz . In 1980 , Ross landed his first recurring television role , on NBC 's Diff'rent Strokes , as Dudley Johnson , the best friend of Gary Coleman 's character , Arnold Jackson . Also in 1980 , Shavar appeared in the TV film Scout 's Honor , also with Gary Coleman . Two years later , Ross became a voice actor for Hanna-Barbera and voiced Our Gang kid Billie `` Buckwheat '' Thomas from the animated TV series version of The Little Rascals . He also appeared in season 2 of the television show Benson , episode 11 `` Big Buddy '' and episode 17 `` Easy Kid Stuff '' . Ross also had a recurring role on the series Family Matters as `` Weasel '' . Ross has appeared in over 100 film and episodic television projects throughout his career , including such films as the fifth installment of the Friday the 13th movie series Friday the 13th : A New Beginning in 1985 as `` Reggie A.K.A . Reggie the Reckless '' and as Bryant Calvin , T.C . 's ( Roger E. Mosley ) son ( from 1986 to 1988 ) in the television series Magnum , P.I .
Additionally , in 1996 , after completing four years of Bible School at The Ministry Training Institute , an auxiliary of Crenshaw Christian Center , Ross founded The Alive Church , a non-denominational Christian church in Los Angeles , and was its pastor for four years .
Shavar is founder and CEO of Tri-Seven Entertainment , Inc. , a film , television and online retail company which produces , develops , acquire and distributes inspirational products for a global audience . As a director , his first short film , Soul to Take ( 2003 ) , garnered him an Internet distribution deal with Russell Simmons ' media company Simmons/Lathan Media Group . His second short film , A Taste of Us ( 2004 ) , dealt with the civil unrest of the 1960s segregation in the south and was originally made as a pilot presentation for the TV One Network . Lord Help Us ( released nationally in May 2007 ) , an inspirational urban romantic comedy starring American Idol ‘ s Nadia Turner , Oscar nominee Margaret Avery ( The Color Purple ) , Debra Wilson ( MADtv , Scary Movie 4 ) , comedian Joe Clair ( BET 's Rap City , Take the Cake ) , Grammy-Award winning singer Al Jarreau and many others marked his feature film directorial debut .
In May 2006 , Ross appeared on an E ! Child Stars Special , Geeks , Freaks , and Sidekicks , where he revealed that during the taping of the very special episode of Diff'rent Strokes in which he was molested , he was going through a similar experience in real life ; he was being `` touched '' by a family friend inappropriately while he was asleep .
In 2008 , he played a `` prosperity preacher '' on David Alan Grier 's show Chocolate News on Comedy Central .
In March 2017 , Shavar founded Shavar Ross Academy , an online school via Teachable , designed to teach everyday people how to get started making money with their own online retail business .
Personal life
Shavar resides in Los Angeles and has been married since 1992 to Jacqueline Ross and has a son named Seven Shavar Ross ( born August 24 , 1993 ) and a daughter , Chelsea Lynn Ross ( born February 26 , 2005 ) . At age 15 , he became an emancipated minor .
References
External links
ShavarRossAcademy.com
Living people
African-American Christians
African-American male actors
American male child actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Male actors from New York City
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Martín de Ursúa ( or Urzúa ) y Arizmendi ( ; February 22 , 1653 – February 4 , 1715 ) , Count of Lizárraga and of Castillo , was a Spanish Basque conquistador in Central America during the late colonial period of New Spain . Born in Olóriz , Navarre , he is noted for leading the 1696–97 expeditionary force which resulted in the fall of the last significant independent Maya stronghold , Nojpetén , located on an island in Lake Petén Itzá in the northern Petén Basin region of present-day Guatemala . He served as governor of the Yucatán until 1708 , when he was named Governor-General of the Philippines . Around the time that he was named to that post , he was made a knight of the Order of Santiago . He died in Manila in 1715 .
Ursúa arrived to Mexico around 1680 and initially served as a lawyer in Mexico City until 1692 . He used this period to cement relationships with colonial officials in Yucatán . In 1692 he was appointed to be governor of Yucatán , with his term to begin in 1698 . By 1694 he had been appointed as alcalde ordinario ( a Spanish colonial official ) of Mexico City . Ursúa took office in Yucatán four years earlier than planned , becoming acting governor on 17 December 1694 .
Family tree
Martín de Ursúa was from a line of distinguished and successful noblemen that was extremely well connected politically and that intermarried with other influential noble families to form a kinship network that was spread across Europe and the Americas :
See also
Antonio María de Bucareli y Ursúa
History of the Philippines ( 1521–1898 )
Spanish conquest of Guatemala
Spanish conquest of Yucatán
Notes
References
Spanish conquistadors
17th-century Spanish lawyers
1653 births
1715 deaths
Captains General of the Philippines
Governors of Yucatán ( state )
Spanish colonization of the Americas
Spanish colonial officials
People from Tafalla ( comarca )
People from the Kingdom of Navarre
Joseph Koh Seng Leong ( born 19 September 1983 ) is a Singaporean former sailor , who specialized in the Laser and 470 classes . He represented Singapore across two editions of the Summer Olympic Games ( 2000 and 2008 ) , finishing outside the top twenty-five each in two separate boats , respectively . Outside Olympic career , Koh collected a total of two medals in a continental regatta , spanning the 2006 Asian Games in Doha and the 2007 Southeast Asian Games in Nakhon Ratchasima . Koh trained throughout his sporting career at SAF Yachting Club in Changi , under the tutelage of his personal coach Brett Beyer , a six-time Laser Apprentice Master world champion from Australia .
At the age of 16 , Koh became the youngest sailor to compete in Sydney 2000 . There , he and his partner Tan Wearn Haw finished twenty-eighth in the men 's 470 class with a net grade of 192 , sparing them from the back of the fleet by a twelve-point edge over the Hungarian duo of Marcell Goszleth and Ádám Szőrényi . Switching to a single-handed dinghy , Koh sought to bid in the open Laser for Athens 2004 , but he lost the selection to two-time Olympian Stanley Tan . In 2005 , Koh had his left hand fractured in a freak motorbike accident , impelling him to sail a boat in the forthcoming regattas with a modified technique .
Eight years after competing in his maiden Games , Koh qualified for his second Singaporean team , as a 24-year-old , in the Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing . He finished twenty-third out of 52 sailors in the silver fleet to lock one of the ten quota places available at the Worlds six months earlier in Terrigal , New South Wales . Koh stayed in the middle of the fleet throughout the series , until he chased harder to finish third on the penultimate leg by a few marks ahead of Poland 's Maciej Grabowski . Koh 's best result , however , was not enough to reach the top of the overall scoreboard , sitting him in thirty-sixth with 239 net points .
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Singaporean male sailors ( sport )
Olympic sailors of Singapore
Sailors at the 2000 Summer Olympics – 470
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2002 Asian Games
Sailors at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Singapore
Asian Games medalists in sailing
Southeast Asian Games medalists in sailing
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Singapore
Raffles Institution alumni
Victoria Junior College alumni
Speechless is an American television sitcom that aired on ABC from September 21 , 2016 , to April 12 , 2019 . Created by Scott Silveri and co-executive produced with Christine Gernon , Jake Kasdan , and Melvin Mar , the 20th Century Fox Television/ABC Studios co-production was greenlighted to series order on May 13 , 2016 . A first-look trailer was released on the same day . Starring Minnie Driver , John Ross Bowie and Micah Fowler , the sitcom explores the serious and humorous challenges a family faces with a teenager with a disability . On September 29 , 2016 , the series was picked up for a full 22-episode season . An additional episode was ordered on December 13 , 2016 , for a 23-episode season . On May 10 , 2019 , ABC cancelled the series after three seasons .
Plot
The series follows the DiMeo family , each with a unique personality : Maya , a take-charge British mother with a no-holds-barred attitude ; her husband Jimmy , who does not seem to care what others think ; Dylan , their no-nonsense athletic daughter ; Ray , their scholarly middle child who acts as the `` voice of reason '' in the family ; and their oldest son , JJ — a high schooler who has a biting wit and sense of humor , and is diagnosed with cerebral palsy . JJ communicates by using headgear with a laser pointer to indicate various words , letters , and numbers on a board attached to his wheelchair . One of the reasons the DiMeos move frequently , is due to an attempt to find a good educational environment for JJ . They believe they have found an optimal choice when they discover a school that prides itself on being inclusive and where JJ will have an aide support him throughout the school day . Because the school is in an upscale part of town , Jimmy and Maya move the family into the cheapest , most rundown house in an otherwise nice neighborhood . Though they quickly find that not everything is as good as it could be . JJ enjoys having Kenneth , a gentle , well-meaning school groundskeeper with a deep and resonant speaking voice , work as his aide .
Cast and characters
Main
Minnie Driver as Maya DiMeo , the fierce and determined mother of the family
John Ross Bowie as Jimmy DiMeo , the fun-loving , easily persuadable father of the family who is a supervisor of baggage handlers at the airport
Mason Cook as Raymond `` Ray '' DiMeo , the middle child . Slender and nerdy , he faces constant harassment , mostly from Dylan .
Micah Fowler as Jimmy `` JJ '' DiMeo Jr. , The eldest child with cerebral palsy . He is non-speaking ( thus the show 's title ) and uses a wheelchair . He has a crush on Emma Watson , which serves as a running gag on the show .
Kyla Kenedy as Dylan DiMeo , the athletic youngest child , and only daughter . She enjoys pulling pranks and harassing others , especially Ray .
Cedric Yarbrough as Kenneth Clements , the good-natured aide to JJ who serves as his voice . Although he and Maya tend to butt heads , she is appreciative of his work .
Recurring
Pepper , the happy Golden Retriever who 's supposed to be Dylan 's pet , but acts like he 's more fond of the others
Marin Hinkle as Dr. Ava Miller , the principal of the kids ' school who is easily influenced by Maya
Jonathan Slavin as Mr . Powers , one of JJ 's teachers
Liz Cackowski as Joyce , JJ 's physiotherapist
Sarah Chalke as Melanie Hertzal , Taylor 's mother
Kayla Maisonet as Izzy , JJ 's girlfriend
Jack Dylan Grazer as Rev
David Lengel as Tad
Sedona Cohen as Taylor , Ray 's ex-girlfriend
Cole Massie as Logan , Melanie 's son , Taylor 's brother , and JJ 's nemesis
Karly Rothenberg as Crossing Guard
Special guests
Rob Corddry as Billy , Jimmy 's brother
Andrea Anders as Audrey , Billy 's wife
Julianne Hough as Miss Bloom , the new choir teacher at the kids ' school
Jamie Denbo as Janet , the DiMeos ' insurance agent
Jim O'Heir as Stu , the DiMeos ' former insurance agent
Ken Marino as Ethan , Maya 's ex-boyfriend
Michaela Watkins as Becca , a new mom at the group of families with disabled kids
Zach Anner as Lee , a wheelchair-using young man who Maya asks to speak with JJ about living on his own
Holland Taylor as Andrea , Maya 's pretentious mother
Keith David as Colonel , Kenneth 's father
John Cleese as Martin , Maya 's father who lives in London
Julie White as Helen , Lee 's overprotective mother
Niecy Nash as Kiki , Kenneth 's sister
Lisa Leslie as Kendall , Kenneth 's sister
Tricia O'Kelley as Candy Kensington
Rondi Reed as Nina
Christopher Thornton as Chris
Bella Thorne as Cassidy
Jay Chandrasekhar as Coach
Episodes
Production
Development
On January 11 , 2016 , it was announced that ABC had given the production a pilot order as Speechless . The episode was written by Scott Silveri who was expected to executive produce alongside Christine Gernon , Jake Kasdan and Melvin Mar . Production companies involved with the pilot include Silver and Gold Productions , The Detective Agency , ABC Studios and 20th Century Fox Television . On May 13 , 2016 , ABC officially ordered the pilot to series . A few days later , it was announced that the series would premiere in the fall of 2016 and air on Tuesdays at 9:30 P.M. EST . On September 23 , 2016 , ABC picked up the series for a full season of 22 episodes and on December 13 , they get only one episode . On May 12 , 2017 , ABC renewed the series for a second season which premiered on September 27 , 2017 . On May 11 , 2018 , ABC renewed the series for a third season and announced it would air on Fridays at 8:30 P.M. EST and premiered on October 5 , 2018 .
Casting
On February 24 , 2016 , it was announced that Cedric Yarbrough had been cast in the pilot . In March 2016 , it was reported that Minnie Driver and John Ross Bowie had also joined the pilot 's main cast .
Cancellation
Speechless aired on the network ABC for about three years before the ultimate decision to cancel it . The final decision to cancel the show was made due to the fact that it was the lowest-rated series on the network . Variety explains that the last , and concluding season , ranked the lowest within the network with only around 2.3 million live viewers . Deadline notes that former ABC president , Karey Burke explained that the cancellation of the show Speechless was `` gut wrenching '' decision . Ultimately , the choice was made due to the low number of viewers , as well as the introduction of a new show , Fresh Off The Boat .
One of the main actors , Minnie Driver , notes that while it is saddening that the show has been canceled , the main hope is that the show left a lasting impact on its audience . Minnie Driver , who plays JJ 's mom , continued to explain she believes that conversations regarding disability , love , as well as family have been left in better terms than they were found . Another main actor , Micah Fowler , who portrays JJ on the show , took to Twitter to express his gratitude towards the fans , and staff , for the amazing life-changing opportunity . While the show was only on air for three years , it left a lasting impression on its audience .
Reception
Critical response
Speechless received largely positive reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the series has a rating of 98 % , based on 41 reviews , with an average rating of 8.2/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` Speechless speaks to a sensitive topic with a heartfelt lead performance and a fine balance of sensitivity and irreverence . '' On Metacritic , the series has a score of 79 out of 100 , based on 29 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
The editors of TV Guide placed Speechless seventh among the top ten picks for the most anticipated new shows of the 2016–17 season . In its review from writer Liam Matthews , `` ABC has another worthwhile addition to its strong lineup of modern families with Speechless , '' adding `` It 's a clear-eyed and empathetic exploration of life in a special-needs family that makes plenty of room for hilarity . ''
Representation
Speechless is one of the few shows that portrays the life of a teenager with a disability . It is also one of the few shows that has a disabled actor play the character . According to Bond , there are approximately 21 million children , between the ages of 5 and 15 , that have a disability . If television , and the media , were able to mirror the demographics of the U.S. then about 14 % of characters would be disabled . Speechless was just one example , however it was cancelled after a couple of seasons due to 'low ratings ' despite a good audience reception . Bond notes that media representation of disability , both mental and physical , may impact audiences in a more profound manner than telling them what disability is like . Through the introduction of physical disabilities , there is hope to integrate individuals into society , without prejudice and biases . Bond continues to explain that children begin to distinguish and detect differences as young as 4 years of age . Marquis notes that representations in movies like Still Alice and The Theory of Everything is two popular examples that perpetuate inconsistencies about the disabled body . These authors explain that there is disability representation in the media , however it is lacking authenticity and adequate portrayal . Shows like Speechless should be given a platform , for the actors and production team , to speak on the issues surrounding representation .
Ratings
Accolades
Home media
References
External links
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2016 American television series debuts
2019 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
Television shows about child care occupations
English-language television shows
Television series about families
Television series about siblings
Television series by 20th Century Fox Television
Television series by ABC Studios
Television shows set in California
Works about cerebral palsy and other paralytic syndromes
Television Academy Honors winners
Juan Pedro Jiménez Melero ( born 31 March 1996 ) , commonly known as Juanpe , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Lugo as a central midfielder .
Club career
Cádiz
Born in Jerez de la Frontera , Andalusia , Juanpe was a Cádiz CF youth graduate . On 2 December 2014 , he renewed his contract for five seasons , and made his senior debut for the reserves late in the month by coming on as a late substitute in a 2–0 Tercera División home win against CD Mairena .
On 13 January 2016 , Juanpe was an unused substitute in a 0–2 Copa del Rey away loss against Celta de Vigo . On 19 August he made his professional debut , replacing Abel Gómez in a 1–1 away draw against UD Almería .
On 1 January 2017 , Juanpe was loaned to Segunda División B side Atlético Mancha Real , until June .
Sevilla
In August 2018 , Juanpe joined Sevilla FC ; initially assigned to the C-team in the fourth tier , he was promoted to the reserves in September . On 5 November 2018 , he renewed his contract until 2020 , being a regular starter afterwards .
On 11 October 2019 , Juanpe further extended his contract with Sevilla until 2021 .
Lugo
On 12 August 2020 , free agent Juanpe signed a three-year contract with CD Lugo in the second division . He scored his first professional goal on 29 October , netting a last-minute equalizer in a 1–1 draw at CD Tenerife .
References
External links
Juanpe profile at Cadistas1910
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Jerez de la Frontera
Spanish footballers
Association football midfielders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Cádiz CF B players
Cádiz CF players
Sevilla FC C players
Sevilla Atlético players
CD Lugo players
Ocean Water Park is a 5.6 hectare outdoor water park located in Kish Island , Iran . It is the first Iranian outdoor themed water park based on the story of the Mystery of the Sun Castle . It opened in January 2017 and has 13 rides , four swimming pools and one spa in addition to two restaurants , four beverage stops and coffee shops and two shopping areas . The Water Park 's theming has been implemented under the supervision of Ahmad Jafari , veteran architect and Disney NFFC legend .
The water park has several localized features , as well as unique rides in the region . The park offers women only days to accommodate its Muslim patrons since it is located in a predominantly Muslim region , a common practice for Arab countries in the region . Ocean Water Park also has one of the tallest rides in the region , Pichaloop , with a 24 meter drop .
Park Story
Water Park 's story is based on a group of pirates attacking an island in Persian Gulf . Pirates , headed by Captain Sayan , raid and capture the Sun Castle in order to obtain the Sun Orb and rule the ocean . Three brothers , named Pullad , Mahan , and Bashoo , the residents of the Sun Castle , decide to fight against the pirates and reclaim the Sun Castle ...
Rides
Currently , there are 13 rides in Ocean Water Park . The list Includes :
Pichaloop ( AquaLoop )
Adrenaline ( Free Fall )
Rally Ride ( Whizzard )
Anaconda ( Double Viper )
Dingle ( Boomerango )
Gerdab ( Super Bowl )
Marpich ( Inner Tubes )
Challab ( Aqua Play )
Russin River ( Lazy River )
Berkoo ( Kids Slides )
Tsunami ( Wave Pool )
Mojab ( Flow Rider )
Swimming Pools
There are four swimming pools in Ocean Water Park :
Aban ( Adult Pool )
Abtin ( Teen Pool )
Rabo ( Jacuzzi )
Dingo ( Family Jacuzzi )
Other Areas and Services
There are various themed restaurants and beverage stops in Ocean Water park , in addition to Shopping areas and a massage center . These areas offer various types of fast foods , drinks , souvenir and swimming gear and accessories shops . Also . locker rooms and bathrooms are provided . One of the features of the water park is that it offers exclusive women-only days , suitable for Muslim tourists of the Middle East region .
Plumeria Spa : A massage center , designed for massage and relaxation services .
Wrist Bands : Guests deposit money in their magnetic guest wrist bands and do n't carry wallets or purses throughout the park for buying food and beverage . Unused funds on the wrist band will be refunded back to the guest .
Food and Beverages :
There are two themed restaurants and four themed beverage shops in Ocean Water Park . ZamboZimbo offers hot and cold sandwiches , perfect for between meals . Chico is the main restaurant in Ocean Water park and offers salads , appetizers , pizzas , fried chicken , etc . Also for beverages , guests can stop by Fruitila , Noushak , Coffeesa , and Jetsemina Cave
See also
List of Water Parks
Kish Island , Iran
References
External links
Official Website
Ezam Investment Holding
Amusement parks in Iran
Water parks
Qannoubine is a medieval monastery in the Kadisha Valley UNESCO World Heritage Site in Lebanon .
History
Qannoubine was home to Marina the Monk . The monastery was founded in the 14th century . It served Maronite Patriarchs from the 15th to the 19th centuries .
The monastery was recognised by UNESCO in 1998 .
References
14th-century establishments in Lebanon
World Heritage Sites in Lebanon
Christian monasteries in Lebanon
Maronite monasteries in Lebanon
Christine Bestland ( born April 28 , 1992 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player in the Mercyhurst Lakers women 's ice hockey program . Prior to Mercyurst , Bestland was involved with Hockey Canada 's Program of Excellence .
Playing career
In high school , she played at Winnipeg 's Balmoral Hall prep school . This same school produced her Mercyhurst teammate Bailey Bram . In March 2010 , Bestland was one of eight female players from Manitoba that attended David Roy 's Pursuit of Excellence hockey academy in Kelowna , B.C . She was part of a female midget AAA team that won the Challenge Cup tournament in Washington , D.C. by defeating Little Caesar 's from Detroit 6-4 in the championship game of the 26-team tournament . The team 's overall record in 2009-10 was 52-3 , including a 7-1 loss to Sweden 's Olympic team last month and three major tournament wins .
Hockey Canada
Bestland played on Canada 's Under-18 women 's hockey team as a 16-year-old . She also played for Hockey Canada 's Pursuit of Excellence AAA midget team . Bestland was part of the Excellence squad that played Sweden 's Olympic women 's team prior to the Vancouver Games , losing by a 9-1 mark . At the 2008 National Women 's U18 Championships , Bestland scored a goal in the bronze medal game ( November 9 , 2008 ) as Manitoba won beat Team Ontario Blue 3-1 . In a March 24 , 2010 contest versus the OWHA All-Stars , Bestland played for the Canadian National Under 18 Women 's Team . Bestland would score the final marker in the contest as the OWHA All-Stars defeated the Under 18 team by a 3-2 tally . As a member of the gold medal winning squad at the 2010 Under 18 IIHF Women 's worlds , a hockey card of her was featured in the Upper Deck 2010 World of Sports card series .
Mercyhurst
As the Lakers went 6-1-0 in October 2010 , Bestland scored four goals , including two in a 7-3 defeat of the Robert Morris Colonials . In addition , she had six assists . In her first game as a Laker , she scored a goal . She registered points in five of the seven games played and finished the month with a plus/minus rating of +13 .
On December 3–4 , 2010 , Bestland scored three goals and had two assists as the Lakers swept the Purple Eagles for the first time since the 2008-09 season . She stretched her scoring streak to a career-long three games in Saturday 's 7-2 victory .
From January 29–30 , 2011 , Bestland scored two goals and dished out an assist in the Lakers ' swept Niagara at Dwyer Arena . She scored a goal in each game and dished out an assist for two points on the 29th .
In the 2011–12 Mercyhurst Lakers women 's ice hockey season opener on September 30 , 2011 , Bestland was named the game 's First Star in a 4-0 shutout over the nationally ranked Quinnipiac Bobcats .
On December 7 , 2013 , Bestland logged the 200th point of her NCAA career in an 8-0 victory against Penn State .
Career stats
Canada Under 18 tournament
Bestland competed for Team Manitoba in the Canadian National Women 's Under 18 Hockey Championships .
NCAA
Awards and honours
2009 National Women 's U18 Championships , Game Star ( Manitoba vs. Quebec )
NCAA
CHA Rookie of the Week ( Week of October 11 , 2010 )
CHA Rookie of the Week ( Week of November 1 , 2010 )
CHA Rookie of the Week ( Week of December 6 , 2010 )
CHA Rookie of the Week ( Week of January 24 , 2011 )
CHA Rookie of the Week ( Week of January 31 , 2011 )
College Hockey America , Rookie of the Month , October 2010
2010-11 All-CHA Rookie Team selection
CHA Player of the Week ( Week of November 28 , 2011 )
CHA Player of the Week ( Week of January 9 , 2012 )
Personal
Her brother , Darren Bestland , plays for the Brandon Wheat Kings .
References
1992 births
Living people
Canadian women 's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
People from Winnipeg Capital Region
The Hudson H9 was a semi-automatic pistol made by the now defunct Hudson Mfg . Unveiled at the 2017 SHOT Show in Las Vegas , Nevada after three years of development , the H9 brought multiple patented and patent pending features together in a new pistol design . Proven design elements included : an M1911 straight-pull trigger , a short-recoil operated system , and the heritage S & W 5900 series magazine tube . The new design elements were : forward barrel cams in front of the trigger-guard , the sear design marrying the straight pull trigger with a striker-fired system while remaining drop safe , the placement of the recoil spring , and the pairing of an insert chassis with a steel frame . These elements lent to its most noticeable difference—its appearance .
The striker-fired H9 was made first chambered in 9×19mm Parabellum at a weight of with a capacity of 15 rounds . The weight places the H9 within the same category as traditional aluminum frame handguns like the Beretta M9 , Sig P226 , and Sig P229 . The H9 accomplished the lighter weight all steel construction through the insert and grip construction ( traditionally called a frame ) and the redistribution of the surface area of the pistol itself . Traditional all-steel pistols are usually heavier than their aluminum counterparts : the 1911 ( ) , the 5906 ( ) , and the CZ-75 SP-01 ( ) .
In March 2019 Hudson Mfg declared bankruptcy leaving questions about the future of the H9 .
Product variants
Hudson announced the H9A at the 2018 SHOT Show . The H9A , the `` A '' designation standing for aluminum , takes the H9 operating system to by the use of an aluminum grip . This approach differs from traditional aluminum designs like the Sig 226 , since Hudson used the same steel insert chassis in the H9A construction , meaning the slide rails and impact surfaces remain steel . The weight brings the H9A into the same weight class as the HK VP9 ( ) , the Archon Type B ( ) and 1911 lightweight defender variants .
Design history
In an interview , CEO Cy Hudson said the location of the recoil spring down in front of the trigger guard was designed to give the gun `` ... a high grip purchase—what most people call a low bore axis—that 's really close to the slide . Your barrel is right above your grip , and the recoil impulse from that recoil spring is directed into the meat of your hand . '' This type of feature leads to less felt recoil and muzzle rise when shooting .
Company status
In August 2018 , a lawsuit was filed against Hudson Mfg for breach of contract and failure to pay for parts .
In December 2018 , the Facebook Hudson H9 Group carried many discussions regarding broken H9 pistols and their return to Hudson Mfg for repair work . Continued discussions through January 2019 reported that those H9s sent back to Hudson had still not been repaired or returned to their owners , and Cy Hudson stopped responding to those discussions or any others on the forum . Hudson Mfg . had reserved a booth at the 2019 SHOT Show , but as of 22 January 2019 their booth remained empty .
As of January 28 , 2019 the corporate phone number in Temple TX does not work . On March 14 , 2019 Hudson Mfg . LLC filed for bankruptcy in Texas western bankruptcy court .
References
External links
Official website Hudson H9 page
Semi-automatic pistols of the United States
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
August Ritter ( 11 December 1826 , in Lüneburg – 26 February 1908 , in Lüneburg ) was a German civil engineer .
Biography
He was educated at the Polytechnic Institute at Hanover , and at Göttingen . He was a practicing engineer for some time , in 1856 became teacher of mechanics and construction of machinery at Hanover , in the Polytechnic Institute , and in 1870 became professor in the School of Technology at Aix-la-Chapelle . He is best known as the author of Ritter 's method of doing calculations for arches for bridges and roofs .
Works
Elementary Theory and Calculation of Iron Bridges and Roofs ( German , 1863 , 5th ed . 1894 ; Eng . by Sankey , 1879 )
Lehrbuch der technischen Mechanik ( 1864 ; 7th ed . 1896 )
Lehrbuch der Ingenieur-Mechanik ( 1874–76 )
Lehrbuch der analytischen Mechanik ( 2nd ed . 1883 )
Notes
References
1826 births
1908 deaths
German civil engineers
RWTH Aachen University faculty
People from Lüneburg
Engineers from Lower Saxony
The Louguantai Temple ( Chinese : 楼观台寺 ) , in Tayu village ( ) , Zhouzhi county , Shaanxi province , about 70 km west of Xian , is the place where tradition says that Lao Tze composed the Tao Te Ching .
The Daqin Pagoda is located less than one mile to the west of Louguantai .
References
Taoist temples in China
Religious buildings and structures in Shaanxi
Knifer ( ) is a 2010 Greek-Cypriot drama film directed by Yannis Economides . After his father 's death , Nikos moves from Ptolemaida to Athens . His uncle offers him food and shelter while he starts taking care of his dogs . Alone in an isolated suburb , he 's wearing down into his misery routine , till the moment his relationship with his aunt changes everything .
Cast
Stathis Stamoulakatos as Nikos
Vangelis Mourikis as Alekos
Maria Kallimani as Gogo
Yannis Voulgarakis as Nikos ' friend
Yannis Anastasakis as Drunk man
Nikol Drizi as Nikos ' girl
Konstadinos Siradakis as Waiter ( as Kostas Syradakis )
References
External links
2010 films
2010 drama films
Cypriot drama films
2010s Greek-language films
Greek drama films
Guntakal–Nandyal section connects and in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is administered under Guntakal railway division of South Central Railway zone , except the Nandyal railway station which is under Guntur railway division . It has a total route length of .
References
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Guntakal railway division
Transport in Guntakal
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1980 to 1984 that served as constituencies that elected Members of Parliament ( MPs ) to the 5th Parliament of Singapore in the 1980 Singaporean general elections . The number of seats in Parliament had increased by 6 to 75 seats . Since the 1968 Singaporean general election , no opposition candidate had been elected into Parliament under the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) government until the 1981 by-election in Anson .
Constituencies
Alexandra
Aljunied
Ang Mo Kio
Anson
Ayer Rajah
Bedok
Boon Lay
Boon Teck
Braddell Heights
Brickworks
Bukit Batok
Bukit Ho Swee
Bukit Merah
Bukit Panjang
Bukit Timah
Buona Vista
Cairnhill
Changi
Cheng San
Chong Boon
Chua Chu Kang
Clementi
Delta
Geylang Serai
Geylang West
Havelock
Henderson
Jalan Besar
Jalan Kayu
Joo Chiat
Jurong
Kaki Bukit
Kallang
Kampong Chai Chee
Kampong Glam
Kampong Kembangan
Kampong Ubi
Katong
Kebun Baru
Khe Bong
Kim Keat
Kim Seng
Kolam Ayer
Kreta Ayer
Kuo Chuan
Leng Kee
MacPherson
Marine Parade
Moulmein
Mountbatten
Née Soon
Pasir Panjang
Paya Lebar
Potong Pasir
Punggol
Queenstown
Radin Mas
River Valley
Rochore
Sembawang
Serangoon Gardens
Siglap
Tampines
Tanah Merah
Tanglin
Tanjong Pagar
Telok Ayer
Telok Blangah
Thomson
Tiong Bahru
Toa Payoh
Ulu Pandan
West Coast
Whampoa
Yio Chu Kang
References
External links
1980
Portulacineae is a suborder of flowering plants in the order Caryophyllales comprising the families Anacampserotaceae , Basellaceae , Cactaceae ( cacti ) , Didiereaceae , Halophytaceae , Montiaceae , Portulacaceae , and Talinaceae . All three major kinds of succulent plant — stem succulents , leaf succulents , and caudiciform plants — are represented within this suborder .
References
Caryophyllales
Verne Jay Troyer ( January 1 , 1969 – April 21 , 2018 ) was an American actor , comedian , YouTuber , and stunt performer . He was best known for his role of Mini-Me in the Austin Powers film series . He had cartilage–hair hypoplasia and was tall .
Early life
Verne Jay Troyer was born in Sturgis , Michigan , on January 1 , 1969 , the son of Susan , a factory worker , and Reuben Troyer , a repair technician . He had two siblings , Davon and Deborah . He stated that his parents `` never treated me any different than my other average-sized siblings . I used to have to carry wood , feed the cows and pigs and farm animals . '' Troyer was initially raised Amish , but his parents left the faith when he was a child . During his childhood , Troyer spent much time visiting Amish relatives in Centreville , Michigan . He graduated in 1987 from Centreville High School , where a plaque was dedicated to him in 2003 .
Career
Troyer 's film career began when a former president of Little People of America contacted him , looking for someone to serve as a stunt double for the infant character `` Baby Bink '' in John Hughes ' film Baby 's Day Out ( 1994 ) . He gained further work as a stunt double with some minor comedic roles in several films of the 1990s , including Dunston Checks In , Jingle All the Way ( both 1996 ) , Men in Black ( 1997 ) , and My Giant ( 1998 ) .
He first met with Jay Roach to discuss portraying Mini-Me in the Austin Powers series , directed by Roach and starring co-creator Mike Myers , before filming for the series ' second film began . Myers was impressed with Troyer 's performance , rewriting the script for Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me ( 1999 ) to give Mini-Me more screen time and remove the character 's death . Troyer reprised the role three years later in Austin Powers in Goldmember ( 2002 ) , and collaborated again with Myers on The Love Guru ( 2008 ) .
After reaching a large audience as Mini-Me , Troyer portrayed Griphook in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ( 2001 ) , and played the role of Percy in Terry Gilliam 's fantasy film The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ( 2009 ) . He also made several appearances as himself in reality television series , including The Surreal Life ( 2005 ) , Welcome to Sweden ( 2007 ) , and the sixth season of the British Celebrity Big Brother ( 2009 ) .
Personal life
On June 25 , 2008 , a private home video was leaked of Troyer and his former live-in girlfriend Ranae Shrider having sex . The video , recorded in 2008 in Beverly Hills , California , and Shrider 's hometown of Fort Cobb , Oklahoma , was leaked to the public by Shrider and TMZ . Kevin Blatt , the man responsible for brokering the deal for Paris Hilton 's sex tape in 2003 , tried to sell the video . Troyer , through his long-time attorney , Ed McPherson , sued TMZ , Blatt , and online rental company SugarDVD , for invasion of privacy and copyright infringement .
In May 2015 , Troyer , his girlfriend Brittney Powell , and her son Tyson appeared on Celebrity Wife Swap , where she switched places with Hines Ward 's wife .
In early April 2018 , Troyer was admitted to a hospital after an incident in his home . He had previously been admitted to rehab to undergo treatment for alcoholism .
Death
Troyer died at a hospital in Los Angeles on April 21 , 2018 , aged 49 . His death was later ruled a suicide by alcohol poisoning . He was interred in Leonidas Township , St. Joseph County , Michigan .
Filmography
Television
Music videos
Video games
Web
References
External links
Verne Troyer interview , Movieset.com
1969 births
2018 deaths
2018 suicides
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Michigan
Actors with dwarfism
American male film actors
American male television actors
American stunt performers
People from Centreville , Michigan
People from Sturgis , Michigan
American Amish people
Alcohol-related deaths in California
Drug-related suicides in California
YouTube channels launched in 2015
YouTube channels closed in 2018
Stephen Watson ( born 18 February 1973 in Durban , South Africa ) is a South African racing driver who tested for the Arrows Formula One team in 1998 to 1999 . He also competed in International Formula 3000 for three seasons from 1995 to 1997 , scoring top 6 finishes on two occasions .
Watson was founding general manager of A1GP , leaving after three years to join the 2010 FIFA World Cup Local Organizing Committee as Tournament Director . In 2009 Watson was Head Hunted by the Gauteng Provincial Government to Head up their international motorsport hosting aspirations . He joined the Gauteng Motorsport Company Which sort to host Formula 1 in the province . A later change in the provincial political leadership and subsequent changes to their strategic objectives , resulted in the project being shelved . Watson continued is employment term within the Gauteng Growth and Development Agency for a further 4 years . In 2013 Watson started his own business ventures and today is the managing director of Discover Digital in South Africa .
Racing record
Complete International Formula 3000 results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap . )
External links
Driver DB Profile
International Formula 3000 drivers
South African racing drivers
Living people
1974 births
Nordic Racing drivers
Durango drivers
Alan Docking Racing drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
Hegon Henrique Martins de Andrade , known as Hegon ( born May 6 , 1988 in Palhoça ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays as an attacking midfielder for Guarani SC .
Career
It was in the youth team at Avaí that Hegon first came to prominence winning a Catarinense Junior Championship title in 2005 . He turned professional in 2008 .
Not many chances in the squad 's team of Florianopolis in the year when the club returned to the elite of Brazilian football , even by the young , was lent to the Metropolitan Hegon to compete in the state in 2009 . That same year , the Avaí sees an opportunity to not leave the house stopped the silver and yet again to borrow from the Guarani Palhoça ( his hometown ) .
In 2010 , Hegon back to compose the cast of Avaí but not for long . In July the player is announced as the newest building of the Union St. John Still in the same year he returned to work in the Avaí Cup Sub23 .
From 2011 to 2013 , he played for Asteras Tripolis in the Superleague Greece and from 2013 to 2014 he played for Apollon Smyrni .
Career statistics
( Correct )
Honours
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense : 2010
Asteras Tripolis
Greek Cup : runner-up 2013
References
External links
ogol.com
Hegon at srbijafudbal.com
Hegon at ZeroZero
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Avaí FC players
Clube Atlético Metropolitano players
União São João Esporte Clube players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Camboriú Futebol Clube players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Asteras Tripolis F.C . players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C . players
Super League Greece players
Expatriate footballers in Greece
FK Jagodina players
Guarani de Palhoça players
Serbian First League players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Association football midfielders
`` Tramp '' is a soul blues song with funk elements , written by West Coast blues artists Lowell Fulson and Jimmy McCracklin . First recorded by Fulson in 1967 , it was his highest-charting single since `` Reconsider Baby '' in 1954 . The song was covered by Otis Redding in a duet with Carla Thomas , and this version reached No . 2 on Billboard R & B chart .
Background and release
Jules Bihari , the owner of Fulson 's label , Kent Records , disliked the song at first : `` Oh , he hated 'Tramp ' , Jules [ Bihari ] did . `` , Fulson recalled . However , when Bihari previewed the song for two influential disc jockeys , the response was `` Hush ! Man , get me my copy , quick . You 're sitting on a gold mine , talking about you want to hear some blues . You better get that record out . '' Fulson elaborated :
When Kent released it as a single , `` Tramp '' became a hit , peaking at number five in the Billboard R & B chart . The song was also Fulson 's most popular single in the broader , pop-oriented Billboard Hot 100 chart , where it reached number 52 .
As one of Fulson 's best-known songs , `` Tramp '' appears on numerous compilations , including the popular 1967 Kent album , also titled Tramp . For the album cover , Fulson , who normally wore suits , posed dressed up as a railroad yard hobo :
Lyrics
The song is partly narrative , with the singer ignoring the criticism of his unsophisticated appearance :
Critical reception
Fulson 's `` Tramp '' has been described as a `` comfortably laid-back but groovin ' soul-blues workout '' and `` a loping funk-injected workout [ which restored ] the guitarist to R & B stardom '' , by AllMusic reviewers . The entertainment magazine LA Weekly called it `` a near-perfect slice of barbecued funk '' .
Otis and Carla
Otis Redding recorded `` Tramp '' as a duet with Carla Thomas for Stax Records . The song was first included on the joint album by Redding and Thomas , King & Queen ( 1967 ) . Described as `` playful '' by Dahl , it was released as a single only months after Fulson 's . Credited to `` Otis and Carla '' , the duo 's version outsold Fulson 's original and peaked at number two on Billboard 's Top Selling R & B singles and number 26 on the Hot 100 charts .
In Dynamic Duets : The Best Pop Collaborations from 1955 to 1999 , author Bob Leszczak describes their rendition :
Leszczak points out that the Otis and Carla single peaked higher in the UK , where it reached number 18 on the UK Singles Chart ( Fulson 's single did not appear in the UK charts ) . He also notes `` the song 's beat likely influenced 'You Have n't Done Nothin '' by Stevie Wonder seven years later '' .
Charts
Other renditions
In 1968 , Fulson 's `` Tramp '' was used as the basis for `` The Champ '' , an organ riff-driven instrumental by a group of session musicians dubbed the Mohawks . The piece has been `` widely sampled in rap for this riff and for its breakbeat rhythm '' .
In 1985 , Salt-n-Pepa sampled the Otis and Carla rendition of the song , but kept the original title . Selected as number six in the list of `` Vibe 's 10 Greatest Otis Redding-sampled Songs '' , their rendition is described as `` the perfect vehicle for the female hip-hop pioneers ' brazen diss of the cheating opposite sex '' . The duo 's song reached number 31 on Billboard Hot Black Singles chart .
In 1991 , DJ Muggs `` made 'Tramp ' the principal building block of 'How I Could Just Kill a Man , ' the grimy fuck-it-all gun blast that announced the arrival of Cypress Hill '' , according to LA Weeklys Josh Kun . He added , `` The song was the highlight of Cypress Hill 's 1991 debut album , which sounded like nothing else in hip-hop , east or west . ''
References
1967 singles
Lowell Fulson songs
Otis Redding songs
Blues songs
1967 songs
Stax Records singles
Kent Records singles
The Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque ( ) is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque located in the town of Lüleburgaz in the Kırklareli Province of northwestern Turkey .
The mosque was commissioned by the grand vizier Sokollu Mehmed Pasha ( in office 1565–1579 ) and designed by the imperial architect Mimar Sinan . It was built between 1565 and 1569-70 and forms part of a large complex that includes a madrasa , a hospice and a caravansarai .
See also
List of Friday mosques designed by Mimar Sinan
References
Sources
External links
Sokollu Mehmet Paşa Külliyesi , Archnet
Ottoman mosques in Turkey
16th-century mosques
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1569
1569 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Lüleburgaz District
Buildings and structures in Kırklareli Province
Hank Fort ( née Hankins , 1908–1973 ) was an American singer and songwriter of the mid 20th century . She composed over 400 songs , including tracks recorded by Petula Clark ( `` Put Your Shoes On , Lucy '' ) and The Andrews Sisters ( `` I Did n't Know the Gun Was Loaded '' ) . One of her songs , `` Look With Pride On Our Flag '' , was played at the second inauguration of Richard Nixon in 1973 . In 1935 she established a dancing school in Nashville called `` Fortnightly '' which became a milestone for generations of youngsters coming of age to learn ballroom dancing and proper manners . It remained in existence nearly a quarter-century .
Early life
Hank Fort was born as Eleanor Hankins on June 19 , 1908 in Nashville , Tennessee . She was known by the nickname `` Hank '' . Her father , Cornelius Hankins ( 1863–1946 ) , was a portrait artist . He studied with Robert Henri ( leader of the `` Ashcan School '' ) and with William Merritt Chase in New York . Hankins ' portraits of political figures and military generals are displayed in the US state capitol buildings of Tennessee , Alabama , Mississippi , and Louisiana . Her mother was Maude McGehee . Hank Hankins married Walter A. Fort at age 19 , in 1928 , taking his name ; they later divorced . Her second marriage , in 1964 , was to Bill McAuliffe , an investment broker .
Career
Fort was a singer and songwriter . She composed over 400 songs . Her song `` Put Your Shoes On , Lucy '' was recorded by Petula Clark in 1949 , and by Anne Shelton in 1952 . Among others , `` I Did n't Know the Gun Was Loaded '' was a minor hit for The Andrews Sisters . In 1958 Fort released an album on Epic Records , Hank Fort Sings and Plays Her Own Songs which included such ditties as `` Save Your Confederate Money , Boys '' and `` You Ca n't Hurt Me Now Because I 'm Daid '' . One of Fort 's songs , `` Look With Pride On Our Flag '' , dedicated to President Richard Nixon , was played at his 1973 inauguration ceremony , eight days after Fort 's death .
`` Fortnightly ''
In 1935 , Fort created a ballroom dancing class for youth in Nashville called `` Fortnightly '' . The lessons became a tradition of teaching dance along with the social niceties of the ballroom to generations of Nashville youth . Fort joined with a business partner , Mrs. Martha Perkins Trousdale , and later Carol Woolwine to get the school going . Initially classes were at country clubs or Nashville 's Parmer School ; Fort came to terms with Albertine Maxwell to use her home at 3325 West End Avenue . The school endured for 23 years and was a well-known rite of passage for youngsters in the sixth , seventh and eighth grades . Some students thought `` Fortnightly '' was named for Mrs. Fort . She said , `` It came as a shock to them that the name came from the twice-a-month meetings '' . Former student Tom Henderson , said , `` An annual costume party held at the old Centennial Club on 8th Avenue for all pupils was the highlight of the year during that time and was the talk of the town '' . After Fort left Nashville for New York and Washington , the school continued operating and Fort commuted to Nashville at the beginning of the season and again for the masquerade ball at the end .
Death
Fort died on January 12 , 1973 in Washington , D.C .
References
External links
( I Did n't Know the Gun was Loaded song lyrics at Family Friendly Movies )
1908 births
1973 deaths
People from Nashville , Tennessee
American women songwriters
Songwriters from Tennessee
20th-century American women musicians
20th-century American musicians
John G. Frank ( June 24 , 1831 – ? ) was an American from Jackson , Wisconsin who served a single one-year term in 1879 as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Washington County . succeeding Cornelius Coughlin .
In 1879 he lost the Democratic nomination , and ran as an `` Independent Democrat '' against the official Democratic nominee , Jacob C. Place . He lost to Place , who polled 650 votes to 549 votes for Republican F. Hildebrandt and 470 for Frank .
References
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
People from Jackson , Washington County , Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
1831 births
Year of death missing
The LG Optimus One is an entry-level series of touch-screen smartphones manufactured by LG Electronics , Inc . It was released running the Android 2.2 Froyo , and later LG released software to upgrade it to Android 2.3 Gingerbread . Although the basic physical form factor of each variant is the same , the variants have differences in hard button shape and layout , the form of the metal side bezel and the user interfaces added by LG or various carriers . Versions of the Optimus One exist that operate on various frequency bands and either GSM or CDMA-based network protocols . They may also feature one or more variations in hardware , such as a faster processor , the addition of a physical keyboard , a modem with higher theoretical speeds , or a better digital camera .
Since sales first began in mid-November 2010 , LG has released ten variants , though some differ very little from others . The Optimus One line is the first LG smartphone line to sell more than 1 million units . more than 2 million units have been sold worldwide , with 1.3 million units sold in North America , 450,000 units sold in South Korea , 200,000 units sold in Europe and 50,000 units sold in Asia and the CIS .
Variants
Because of the different technologies used by wireless operators in the United States , many variants of the LG Optimus One exist , usually replacing the word `` One '' with a single letter representing the carrier . For example , the LG Optimus M was offered exclusively by MetroPCS , while the LG Optimus T was only available at T-Mobile USA .
Primary configuration
The Optimus One P500 was the first version offered for sale , with sales beginning in South Korea in mid-November 2010 . This GSM version of the phone is sold by wireless communications service providers in Asia , Europe and Canada .
In Canada , the LG Optimus One ( P500h ) is sold by Telus Mobility since December 2010 and its brand Koodo Mobile since February 2011 , with UMTS frequency at 850 , 1900 , and 2100 MHz .
In Turkey , a matte black variant is sold as the LG Optimus One ( P503 ) .
Walmart Family Mobile released the LG Optimus One ( P504 ) in charcoal in September 2011 .
Carrier variants
LG Optimus S : The LG Optimus S was initially released by Sprint in charcoal gray and purple on October 31 , 2010 . It includes the Sprint ID graphical user interface ( GUI ) and CDMA network connectivity . While it is similar to the Optimus One , the Optimus S features minor hardware differences . This device has four distinct hard keys and a metal accent that covers the top of the device and one-third of each side . The 3.5mm TRS connector , the power button and the volume buttons are all incorporated into the metal band . There are also two hard keys on the right side of the phone . One button activates the voice dialer and another activates the camera . The `` Menu '' and `` Home '' buttons on the S are transposed as compared to all other variants of the Optimus One .
LG Optimus 3G : Telus Mobility released this phone for the Manitoba and Northern Ontario regions , where only Telus ' CDMA network can be used . It is a variant of the LG Optimus S. The Optimus 3G was unavailable at Koodo Mobile , a Telus brand . Sales of this phone in Canada have now been discontinued .
LG Optimus C : Cricket Wireless launched this phone on March 17 , 2011 .
LG Optimus M : MetroPCS launched this phone in silver on November 24 , 2010 . Unlike other CDMA variants of the Optimus One , which support the EV-DO Rev . A standard , the Optimus M supports only the slower EV-DO Rel . 0 standard . In addition to supporting 800 MHz cellular and 1900 MHz PCS radio frequency bands , the Optimus M also supports the 1700/2011 MHz AWS frequency bands .
LG Phoenix : available from AT & T Mobility in the United States , and from Rogers Wireless and Chatr in Canada . It was released on May 10 , 2011 for Rogers and since August 2011 for Chatr . Canadian mobile virtual network operators which resell Rogers Wireless services , such as SearsConnect , also offer the LG Phoenix . The phone 's colour is blue .
LG Thrive : released in silver , it is similar to the LG Phoenix , but designed for AT & T 's prepaid GoPhone customers .
LG Optimus T : released by T-Mobile USA in black , titanium and burgundy on November 3 , 2010 .
LG Optimus U : released by US Cellular in black on December 13 , 2010 .
LG Optimus V : released by Virgin Mobile USA in black on February 1 , 2011 . The Optimus V has few applications beyond a `` stock '' version of Android 2.2 .
LG Vortex : Verizon Wireless released this phone in black and violet on November 18 , 2010 .
Successors
LG Optimus Chat
The LG Optimus Chat features a physical keyboard and a smaller , 2.8-inch touchscreen .
LG Optimus Chic
The LG Optimus Chic features a camera with a higher 5 megapixel ( MP ) resolution and a modem with faster upload speeds of 2 Mbit/s instead of 0.35 Mbit/s .
LG Optimus Net
After clearing out and discontinuing the LG Optimus Chic due to poor sales , Bell Mobility released the LG Optimus Net on October 27 , 2011 . The Net is equipped with a faster 800 MHz processor , but features a slower HSPA+ modem with 3.6 Mbit/s download speeds , compared to the Optimus One and Chic 's 600 MHz processor and 7.2 Mbit/s HSPA+ download speeds . It also features the same 3.15 megapixel ( MP ) camera as the Optimus One , but this resolution is lower than the Optimus Chic 's 5 MP camera .
LG Optimus Pro
The LG Optimus Pro is a variant of the Optimus Net , featuring a physical QWERTY keyboard , a 3 MP camera , a 2.8 '' screen , and Android 2.3 Gingerbread .
LG Optimus Elite
Released exclusively for the Australian network Optus , the LG Optimus Elite features a 3.5-inch screen , 5 MP camera with flash , and a dual-core processor .
Update history
Android 2.3 Gingerbread
On December 8 , 2010 LG announced that it would need to study the Gingerbread Compatibility Definition Document and the public branch open source code before it could determine if the Optimus One series could be upgraded to Android 2.3 Gingerbread . However , on December 9 , 2010 , LG stated that it will update Optimus One device to Android 2.3 , but a date for the upgrade was not specified . Responding to a question posted on LG India 's Facebook page on March 16 , 2011 , an LG representative initially stated that the 2.3 update will be available in late May via the Android Market , but hours later added that the upgrade is not confirmed and the information was subject to change .
The following details the history of the Gingerbread update rollout :
The first country to receive the update was Romania .
This was followed by Russia , Brazil and the rest of the world soon after , according to LG 's Facebook page .
On August 28 , 2011 , the update for LG Optimus One has started rolling out on various parts of the world .
On September 14 , 2011 , the update for American provider Sprint 's LG Optimus S was issued .
On September 27 , 2011 , this update was halted because it caused multiple issues for users .
On November 8 , 2011 , the update was released for the Canadian provider Telus Mobility and its brand Koodo Mobile to all customers with the LG Optimus One P500h .
On February 9 , 2012 , LG released the update for LG Phoenix users on AT & T Mobility
Metro PCS prepare to release LG Optimus M+ with new processor , bigger screen , better bluetooth connectivity and higher camera resolutions than the old one .
On April 4 , 2012 , the update for American provider Sprint 's LG Optimus S was issued ( Android 2.3 ZVJ ) .
Sprint and Virgin Mobile released a successor to the phone : LG Optimus Elite , on April 22 , 2012 .
See also
Comparison of smartphones
Nexus One
Notes
References
External links
LG Optimus One with Google P500 product page - Singapore ( English )
LG Optimus One with Google LGP500 product page - Canada ( English )
LG Optimus One on XDA-Developers
Smartphones
Android ( operating system ) devices
Optimus One
Mobile phones introduced in 2010
Discontinued smartphones
Lawler is an unincorporated community in Gallatin County , Illinois , United States .
The community has the name of Michael Kelly Lawler , a General in the American Civil War .
References
Unincorporated communities in Gallatin County , Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Mo Ke ( , born September 8 , 1982 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a basketball player who plays center for the Bayi Rockets of the Chinese Basketball Association ( CBA ) .
He entered the 2004 NBA draft , but went undrafted . No NBA teams showed interest in him since then , and he continued to play for the Bayi Rockets until 2014 .
Personal
On September 9 , 2009 , Mo married basketball player Wang Fan ( 王凡 ) , who played for Bayi China Telecom in the WCBA .
On January 24 , 2010 , Mo 's wife collapsed during her team 's practice . She was sent to No . 309 Hospital of Beijing for treatment after diagnosis of her condition as a pulmonary embolism . After her collapse , Wang never regained consciousness and she died on February 15 , 2010 . She was only 24 years old ; the couple were married only for five months .
Mo married swimmer Zhou Yafei in 2012 .
References
External links
profile
1982 births
Living people
Chinese men 's basketball players
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2006 Asian Games
Basketball players from Changchun
Bayi Rockets players
Centers ( basketball )
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Olympic basketball players of China
Manchu sportspeople
2006 FIBA World Championship players
Nirmal Baba ( Nirmaljit Singh Narula ) born 1952 is an Indian spiritual leader . He is best known for his televised Samagams ( congregations ) , The Third Eye of Nirmal Baba , which have attracted audiences of thousands seeking spiritual guidance and faith healing . The Samagams began gaining popularity in 2011 and by 2012 they 'd been broadcast on over 30 major television channels and Nirmal Baba had amassed an online following of around 500,000 .
Early life
Nirmal Baba was born in Samana , Mandi in the year 1952 . His father was a Sikh and his grandfather was a Hindu . Babaji 's grandfather was childless , they took an oath that they would convert their children to Sikhs , after which they were blessed with four sons ( who were made Sikhs ) . His grandfather 's name was Lala Thakur Das , he was a renowned zamindar from a well-to-do family .
He used to have houses in Ranchi as well , but reportedly sold them after the anti-Sikh riots in 1984 .
Baba as a `` Spiritual Leader ''
Baba is a spiritual leader who is known for his spiritual public discourses mainly in India . His discourses are broadcast on multiple television channels across India & several other nations .
Apart from the large TV and YouTube viewership , he has many followers on Facebook and on Twitter .
Baba is best known for his televised Samagams ( congregations ) , The Third Eye of Nirmal Baba , which have attracted audiences of thousands . The Samagams began gaining popularity in 2011 and by 2012 they 'd been broadcast on over 30 major television channels and Baba had amassed an online following of around 500,000 .
He often gives seemingly very absurd solutions to people looking for remedies : his advice has included stocking fridges with cold drinks , eating pani poori , giving food to the poor and buying a new briefcase to overcome the worldly problems of the devotees ' .
One of his supporters ( a professor of psychology at Delhi University ) , has said that `` he had some sort of extra-sensory perception '' and `` he was performing a positive mental health role '' .
On the bright side , these religious babas propagate the message of oneness and peace .
Controversy
In 2017 the Akhil Bharatiya Akhara Parishad ( All India Akhara Council ) called for him to be boycotted , amongst a list of `` fake Babas '' .
Baba has rebuffed these claims stating `` There are many groups that do not like that I have reached the heights I have achieved , '' and that `` some vested interests then started a campaign to malign [ me ] by planting people [ … ] to file false cases and entangle [ me in ] legal cases . `` .
One former follower who challenged Baba for giving dietary advice that exasperated his health problems , was later charged with attempting to blackmail him .
For the Samagam ( congregation ) ticket , Nirmal Baba charges Rs . 2,000 from every attendee . The amount is directly transferred to Nirmal Baba three branches that are Punjab National Bank , Yes Bank and ICICI Bank .
Properties owned
1 . 21 crore land in Gurgaon
2 . The hotel in Delhi 's Greater Kailash
Legal Encounter ( s )
On many instances Indian courts come heavily on Baba for his absurd and illogical solutions . Many complaints were filed against him of alleged froudery by Indian lawyers and his former devotees .
One such instance was the person who filed the case against him for worsening his diabetic conditions was later arrested based on a complaint by Narula 's son that he was blackmailing Narula .
References
People from Patiala district
Living people
Indian religious leaders
Date of birth missing ( living people )
1952 births
20th-century religious leaders
21st-century religious leaders
Parapsychology
Uranian may refer to :
Sexology
Uranian ( sexology ) , a historical term for homosexual men .
Astronomy
Uranian , of or pertaining to the planet Uranus
Uranian system , refers to the 27 moons of Uranus
Mythology and fiction
Uranian , relating to Aphrodite Urania , an epithet of the Greek goddess Aphrodite
Uranian , relating to Urania , the muse of astronomy
Uranian ( comics ) , a fictional race in the Marvel Universe
Other uses
Uranian poetry , written by a small group of male homosexual poets
Uranian Phalanstery , artist collectives in New York City
For Uranian astrology see Hamburg School of Astrology
See also
Urania ( disambiguation )
Uranus ( disambiguation )
The 1945–46 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 35th since its establishment . It was the first season of the league following the conclusion of the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong during World War II .
Overview
Royal Air Force won the title .
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Gregory Russell Paulus ( born July 3 , 1986 ) is an American basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of the Niagara Purple Eagles men 's basketball team . He previously served as an assistant basketball coach for Louisville , Ohio State , and George Washington University . Paulus is a former multi-sport athlete , playing college basketball as a point guard on the Duke University men 's team and later football at Syracuse University .
Biography
Greg Paulus was born in Medina , Ohio , and grew up in Appleton , Wisconsin , before moving to the Syracuse suburb of Manlius , New York . He has six siblings : David , Matt , Dan , Chris , Mike , and Sarah . He was named Gatorade Athlete of the Year due to his accomplishments in football and basketball . Paulus was the quarterback of the 2004 Christian Brothers Academy football team , which won the New York State Championship by defeating New Rochelle High School and Ray Rice 41–35 in the title game at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse . Paulus was also named New York State Mr. Basketball following his senior season at CBA . He was ranked as the number one recruit out of high school .
College basketball
Paulus received scholarship offers to play football at the University of Miami and Notre Dame . He also received basketball scholarship offers from Duke , Syracuse , Georgetown , Florida , and North Carolina . He chose to play basketball and joined the Duke Blue Devils .
Freshman
Games : 36 , PPG : 6.7 , RPG : 2.8 , APG : 5.2
Paulus was a member of the Duke team that finished with a 32–4 record and won the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) regular season and tournament championship . Paulus led the ACC in assists per game at 5.2 . He set a Duke freshman record for assists in a game with 15 ( with three turnovers ) in a 104–77 home victory over Valparaiso on December 18 , 2005 ; that assist total was only one away from the all-time single-game Duke record of 16 , set by NCAA career assist leader Bobby Hurley . He was selected for the All-America freshman 2nd team .
His 187 assists ranked third behind Bobby Hurley ( 288 in 1990 ) and Jay Williams ( 220 in 2000 ) among the freshman assist leaders in Duke history .
Sophomore
Games : 33 , PPG : 11.8 , RPG : 2.2 , APG : 3.8 , FG % : 45.6
Paulus injured his foot during the preseason . After the season , associate coach Chris Collins said Paulus struggled because he had a tarsal coalition , and it was corrected through surgery ; he has since fully recovered . He had a career-high on March 15 , 2007 with 25 points against Virginia Commonwealth .
Junior
Games : 34 , PPG : 11.4 , RPG : 2.1 , APG : 3.2
Paulus led Duke to a 28–6 record including an 89–78 victory over rival UNC in which Paulus led Duke in scoring with 18 points . Paulus led the Atlantic Coast Conference in assist to turnover ratio during the 2007–08 season , and shot over 42 percent from beyond the arc on his way to making 82 three point field goals .
Senior
After being the starting point guard for three years , Paulus started only five games during his senior season . Paulus averaged 16 minutes a game , in part due to the development of sophomore guard Nolan Smith .
Football
Paulus announced on May 14 , 2009 , that he would play college football at Syracuse University . Paulus was named the starting quarterback for the 2009 season .
He won four games and lost eight during his lone season at Syracuse , completing 67.7 percent of his passes and throwing for 2,025 yards and 13 touchdowns , and threw a school and Big East record 5 interceptions in one game against South Florida .
Professional career
Paulus tried out with the New Orleans Saints in May 2010 . Contrary to initial reports , he was not offered a contract . He got another shot with the Saints in June 2010 when he was again invited to minicamp .
Coaching career
Paulus was hired as an assistant basketball coach at Navy in August 2010 .
Paulus was hired as the basketball video coordinator for Ohio State University in May 2011 . Paulus was promoted to assistant coach for Ohio State University in the summer of 2013
In the fall of 2017 , Paulus left Ohio State and was hired to be an assistant coach for the Louisville Cardinals under interim head coach David Padgett . Paulus was not retained for assistant under new Louisville head coach Chris Mack following the end of the season .
Paulus was then hired as an assistant coach for the George Washington Colonials men 's basketball for the 2018–2019 season and following this season , he returned to New York State and joined the Niagara Purple Eagles men 's basketball team to be an assistant coach on Patrick Beilein 's staff . On October 24 , 2019 , Paulus was named Niagara 's interim head coach after Beilein resigned for `` personal reasons '' . It was later announced that Paulus would become the permanent head coach .
Head coaching record
Awards and honors
Awards are for basketball unless otherwise noted .
Gatorade Male Athlete of the Year ( all sports )
2005 Gatorade New York state Player of the Year
Four-time all-state
All-America status in 2005 according to McDonald 's , Parade , EA and Student Sports
New York State Mr. Basketball as a senior
National High School Coaches Association senior athlete of the year
2004 Gatorade National Football Player of the Year
USA Basketball Junior National Select team for the 2005 Nike Hoops Summit
2005–06 Freshman All-America Second Team
2006 ACC All-Tournament Second Team
2007-08 Third team All-ACC selection
2008 Third Team Academic All-America
2009 Third Team Academic All-America
Three-time ACC All-Academic team
See also
2009 NCAA Men 's Basketball All-Americans
References
External links
Syracuse Orange bio
ESPN profile
Duke Blue Devils bio
1986 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
American men 's basketball coaches
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from New York ( state )
Basketball coaches from Ohio
Basketball players from New York ( state )
Basketball players from Ohio
College men 's basketball head coaches in the United States
Duke Blue Devils men 's basketball players
George Washington Colonials men 's basketball coaches
Louisville Cardinals men 's basketball coaches
McDonald 's High School All-Americans
Navy Midshipmen men 's basketball coaches
Niagara Purple Eagles men 's basketball coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes men 's basketball coaches
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
People from Manlius , New York
People from Medina , Ohio
Point guards
S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications alumni
Sportspeople from Greater Cleveland
Syracuse Orange football players
Rottnest Island was first settled by European colonists in 1830 following their arrival at Western Australia and the Swan River Colony . Soon after , construction of a variety of private and public buildings commenced , many of which were built with Aboriginal convict labour and which remain today . This is a list of extant colonial buildings of Rottnest Island , constructed between 1830 and 1896 .
The first European settler on the island was Robert Thomson , who established a modest farm for hay production , as well as a salt collection enterprise .
In August 1838 , a Corporal Welch was sent to Rottnest with ten Aboriginal prisoners . The following year , Thomson had his whaleboat stolen , supposedly by several of the inmates , and after complaints , Governor John Hutt decided to resume all land grants previously made on the island . Henry Vincent , a gaoler at the Fremantle prison was subsequently sent to the island as its first superintendent . Vincent went on to personally build or oversee the construction of many of the buildings listed .
Building materials were mostly locally quarried limestone as well as timber from the local pine ( callitris preissii ) and featured distinctive rough plastered walls .
First Superintendent 's House
Built c.1841 .
Situated immediately above the Visitors Centre off the main jetty , the structure was built as the residence for the Superintendent of Rottnest Island . It was closed in 1904 and in 1913 divided into two cottages for use by government officials .
Military Barracks
Built c.1844 . ( Cottages E , J , and H . )
Pilot Crew 's Quarters
Built 1846-1853 .
Pilot 's Quarters
Built 1847 .
Second Superintendent 's House
Built 1848 .
School and Chapel
Built 1856–57 .
The school and chapel were built in 1856 and 1857 . Between the two World Wars the chapel was used as accommodation for domestic staff from the island 's hotel .
Mill and Hay Store
Built 1857 .
Governor 's Residence
Built 1858-64 .
In 1848 Governor Charles Fitzgerald expressed an interest in a summer residence on Rottnest . He resided temporarily in the First Superintendent 's House . His successor , Sir Arthur Kennedy authorised funding for the construction of an official residence and works commenced in 1858 . Architect Richard Roach Jewell as Superintendent of Public Works and Towns , designed the two-storey building , which was completed and occupied in 1864 .
Between 1909 and 1913 Governor Strickland attempted to extend the grounds of the Governor 's Residence forward to the sea-front and behind to Government House Lake . This would have prevented the residents of the settlement from walking in front of the Residence to get to the chapel , and so the extension was not permitted . After this the summer-time residence of the Governor was moved to Albany .
The Residence was converted to holiday accommodation in 1919 and in 1953 it opened as a hotel with a liquor license . It has been known variously as the `` Rottnest Hotel '' , `` Quokka Arms '' and as of 2015 `` Hotel Rottnest '' .
Major modifications and extensions to the buildings have been made over the years , including the addition of several short-stay units for tourists and a modern bar/restaurant facility . The major architectural features of the Residence are still clearly prominent .
Pilot Boathouse
Built 1858 .
Native Prison
Built 1863-64 .
Rottnest was used as a penal establishment for Aboriginal people between 1838 and 1931 , except for the period 1849 to 1855 . The `` Quod '' ( meaning quadrangle or prison ) replaced an earlier structure that was destroyed by a major fire in 1856 . The only entrance faced east , towards to the Superintendent 's office . Rooms on either side of the entrance housed prison warders .
In 1883 a commission was set up to look at conditions for Aboriginal prisoners . The superintendent William Dockwrey Jackson gave evidence to this commission as to the conditions of the prisoners : `` There are 36 cells [ … ] . I have had five natives in a 6 x 10 cell , but as a general rule there are only four . ''
Frederick Vosper , owner of the local Sunday Times newspaper visited the prison in 1899 and described it as follows :
The prison closed in 1904 and in 1911 it was modified for holiday accommodation . Further modifications were made in 1986 when it became the Rottnest Lodge .
Hay Store
Built 1863-64 .
Pilot Crew 's Kitchen
Built 1867 .
Salt Store
The Salt Store was built prior to 1880 for storage and bagging of the output of the Salt Works ( situated on the eastern shore of Pearse Lakes , now demolished ) . The extant building is the second salt store , the first having been built in 1839 to the north of the First Superintendent 's House . The building is about 17 x 6 meters and built into the hillside . It was originally one large room , but when converted for use as the Post Office in 1913 two internal walls were added , and modifications made to the east parapet . A toilet annex is attached to the southern rear corner , on a higher level . In the 1980s this building was occupied by the island engineer and ranger .
Coxswain 's Cottage
Built 1871 .
Lomas ' Cottage
Built 1871 . For John Lomas . Later used to house the Rottnest telephone exchange ( the east wall was removed to aid the installation of this ) .
Boy 's Reformatory
Built 1880-81 .
This is one of the few colonial buildings on Rottnest Island not constructed by Henry Vincent . John Watson built the structure and became the reformatory superintendent for all of its 20-years of operations to 1901 .
The reformatory buildings are now used as holiday accommodation as part of the Rottnest Lodge .
Aboriginal boys and boys in trouble with the law were sent to this reformatory . Here they were taught carpentry , gardening and joinery .
Wadjemup Lighthouse
Built 1849 and 1896 .
The current lighthouse stands on the site of a much smaller lighthouse built in 1849 . Foundations of the original structure are nearby .
References
Notes
Rottnest Island
Rottnest Island
The men 's 62 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 8 December 1998 at Thunder Dome , Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex .
Schedule
All times are Indochina Time ( UTC+07:00 )
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
Aslanbek Zikreev ( born 15 September 1995 ) is a Russian kickboxer . He is currently signed to the ONE Championship organization .
Combat Press ranked him as the # 8 Super Flyweight in the world between December 2020 and July 2021 .
Fighting career
ONE Championship
Zikreev made his professional debut against Wang Junguang at ONE Championship : Inside the Matrix 4 on November 20 , 2020 . He won the bout by split decision , after a closely contested fight .
Zikreev is scheduled to face Asahi Shinagawa at ONE Championship : Lights Out on March 11 , 2022 . Zikreev was unable to compete due to sanctions from the Singaporean government against Russia .
Zikreev faced Zhang Peiman at ONE 159 : De Ridder vs. Bigdash on July 22 , 2022 . He lost the fight by unanimous decision .
Titles
Amateur
World Games
2017 World Games Muay Thai -54kg
International Federation of Muaythai Associations
2016 IFMA World Cup in Kazan -54kg
2016 IFMA World Championships -54kg
2017 IFMA World Championships -54kg
2018 IFMA European Championships -54kg
2018 FISU World University Championship -54kg
2019 IFMA European Championships -54kg
2021 IFMA World Championships -54kg
Fight record
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2022-07-22 || Loss ||align=left| Zhang Peimian || ONE 159 : De Ridder vs. Bigdash || Kallang , Singapore || Decision ( unanimous ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-02-05 || Win ||align=left| Nichoa || Muaythai Factory || Kemerovo , Russia || Decision ( unanimous ) || 3 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-10-21 || Win ||align=left| Abdul Buranov || Muaythai Factory || Kemerovo , Russia || KO ( spinning back elbow ) || 1 ||4:45
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-11-20 || Win ||align=left| Wang Junguang || ONE Championship : Inside the Matrix 4 || Kallang , Singapore || Decision ( split ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-12-11 ||Win ||align=left| Matee Thueanthet || 2021 IFMA World Championships , Final || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-12-10 || Win ||align=left| Shamil Yermagambetov || 2021 IFMA World Championships , Semi Finals || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Kevin Martínez Bravo || 2021 IFMA World Championships , Quarter Finals || Bangkok , Thailand || RSCO || 3 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-12-06 || Win ||align=left| Abdullah Ertas || 2021 IFMA World Championships , Round 1 || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( 30:25 ) || 3 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-11-10|| Win ||align=left| Sagif Gasanov || 2019 IFMA European Championships , Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-11-08|| Win ||align=left| Kevin Martinez Bravo || 2019 IFMA European Championships , Semi Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision ( 30:25 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-11-05|| Win ||align=left| Cafer Gok || 2019 IFMA European Championships , Quarter Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # fbb ''
| 2018-07-28|| Loss ||align=left| Elaman Sayassatov || 2018 IFMA-FISU University World Championship , Final || Pattaya , Thailand || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor= '' # cfc ''
| 2018-07-26|| Win ||align=left| Pengsai Ausma|| 2018 IFMA-FISU University World Championship , Semi Final || Pattaya , Thailand || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2018-07-07|| Win ||align=left| Kevin Martinez Bravo || 2018 IFMA European Championships , Final || Prague , Czech Republic || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2018-07-04|| Win ||align=left| Andrii Mezentsev ||2018 IFMA European Championships , Semi Final || Prague , Czech Republic || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2018-07-01|| Win ||align=left| Sagif Gasanov || 2018 IFMA European Championships , Quarter Final || Prague , Czech Republic || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-07-30|| Win ||align=left| Deok Jae Yoon || World Games 2017 , Bronze Medal Fight || Wrocław , Poland || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2017-07-29|| Loss ||align=left| Elaman Sayassatov || World Games 2017 , Semi Finals || Wrocław , Poland || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-07-28|| Win ||align=left| Yu Xi Chen || World Games 2017 , Quarter Finals || Wrocław , Poland || RSC-OC || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2017-05-12|| Loss ||align=left| Sprinter Pangkongprab || 2017 IFMA World Championships , Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision ( 30:27 ) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-05-10|| Win ||align=left| Mikalai Sviadomski || 2017 IFMA World Championships , Semi Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-05-08|| Win ||align=left| Issam Bougadir || 2017 IFMA World Championships , Quarter Final || Minsk , Belarus || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2016-11-26|| Win ||align=left| Clément Adrover|| IFMA World Cup 2016 in Kazan , Final || Kazan , Russia || Decision || 3 ||
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2016-11-24|| Win ||align=left| Hossein Nasiriyengejeh|| IFMA World Cup 2016 in Kazan , Semi Final || Kazan , Russia || TKO || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2016-11-22|| Win ||align=left| Kamil Dybiec || IFMA World Cup 2016 in Kazan , Quarter Final || Kazan , Russia || TKO || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2016-05-26|| Loss ||align=left| Mussin Ilyas|| 2016 IFMA World Championships , Semi Final || Jonkoping , Sweden || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 ||
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2016-05-23|| Win ||align=left| Roman Vagilevich || 2016 IFMA World Championships , Quarter Final || Jonkoping , Sweden || Decision ( 29:28 ) || 3 ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2015-08-|| Loss||align=left| Boubkar Ariba|| 2015 IFMA World Championships , Quarter Finals || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 3 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2015-08-|| Win ||align=left| Gokhan Kara|| 2015 IFMA World Championships , 1/8 Finals || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 3 ||3:00
|-
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2012-03-07 || Loss ||align=left| Artur Godunov || 2012 Russian Muaythai Cup , Quarterfinals|| Nizhny Novgorod , Russia || Decision ( Split ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2012-03-06 || Win ||align=left| Salimkhan Ibragimov || 2012 Russian Muaythai Cup , 1/8 Finals|| Nizhny Novgorod , Russia || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 ||3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
1994 births
Living people
Russian Muay Thai practitioners
Russian male kickboxers
Bantamweight kickboxers
ONE Championship kickboxers
A tissue bank is an establishment that collects and recovers human cadaver tissue for the purposes of medical research , education and allograft transplantation . A tissue bank may also refer to a location where biomedical tissue is stored under cryogenic conditions and is generally used in a more clinical sense .
The United States Navy Tissue Bank is generally accepted as the first full tissue banking service of its kind in the world although it is not the largest or only tissue bank today .
Donating a body
Most medical schools need donated bodies for teaching students about the anatomy and physiology of the body , as well as how to perform medical procedures . There are no upper age limits for donating your body to science . Each school has different policies and procedures for donated bodies .
Act 368 of the Public Acts of Michigan 1978 , Article 10 , Part 101 , authorizes an individual to will their body to a medical institution . Medical institutions will only accept a full body , meaning the body can not be used for organ donation prior to body donation because it would leave the body incomplete . At the time of death , the institution where the body is being donated to should be contacted as soon as possible . The decision to accept or reject the donation will be made at that time . A body could be turned away if it has already begun decomposing , the person was extremely obese , recent surgery was conducted , thoughts of possible contagious disease or severe trauma to the body occurred . There is no an age restriction as long as the donor or the donor 's legal representative gives consent . It is very uncommon for a school to turn down a body due to having an adequate supply ; they are always in high demand . At Michigan State University people can choose whether to donate their body for three years or without any restriction as to the length of time . A body donated for an indefinite period can be used for educational purposes as long as it remains an effective teaching tool . At the end of that time the body is cremated and the family 's instructions for disposition are followed .
In Brazil , the Brazilian Legal Code allows teaching to be done on cadavers that are unclaimed from the Institutes of Forensic Medicine . This means that if a family does not claim a body , it gets put to use for teaching purposes . The number of cadavers available for teaching has declined in Brazil due to an increasing number of families choosing to claim their relative 's body . Many Brazilians are unaware that a body can be voluntarily donated to a university after death , which also contributes to the shortage of cadavers for teaching . In 2008 , a program officially started at The Federal University of Health Sciences of Porto Algre making body donation official and also creating terms that the donor must agree to so that the program does not come under legal trouble . This provides the university background information about the donor as well , which may be beneficial to research or use of the body .
In the Netherlands , organ donation and whole body donation are regulated by two separate acts and have distinct differences . The Organ Donation Act regulates organ donation in the Netherlands during life and after death . The Burial and Cremation Act regulates whole body donation . This document states that body donation to science is a third party option of body disposal . Organ donors are actively recruited by the Dutch government whereas body donors are not . A contract must be signed by both the institute and the donor to donate one 's body . After organ donation , the body is returned to the family for burial or cremation . Whole body donation uses the entire body and no part of it is returned to the family . Any remains from scientific study are cremated .
Organ Donation
There are different types of body donations that involve different organs . Organ donation and whole body donation are not one and the same . The body needs to be complete in order for many medical institutions to accept the bodies . This means that specific organ donation may not occur before a whole body is donated .
Blood , bone marrow , eye , kidney , liver , lung , pancreas , and tissue are acceptable organs for donation .
Willed Body Donation
A Willed Body Donation program is a program that allows people to donate their bodies after death . Most U.S. tissue bank companies get their supply of cadaver tissue through Willed Body Donation programs run by the tissue bank itself .
These programs then charge their customers ( mainly medical instrument companies ) for services associated with preparation of the cadaver tissue ( e.g . transportation , refrigeration , and recovery ) rather than charging money for the donated tissue itself , though it is not illegal to do so for non-transplant and or research organizations per the Uniform Anatomical Gift Act as it is for transplant and/or therapy .
The American Association of Tissue Banks ( AATB ) is the most recognized accrediting body for American tissue banks .
Many universities across the U.S. also offer tissue to surgical training facilities meant for medical research and education on cadaveric specimens . Most universities obtain this tissue through their own whole body donation programs .
In 1991 , Dr. Hans Burchard of the AATB stated that over 300,000 musculoskeletal grafts are transplanted annually .
At the first European Conference on Problems of Tissue Banking and Clinical Applications , held in Berlin on Oct 24-26 , 1991 , many European countries joined together to adapt common practices regarding tissue banks and the European Association of Tissue Banks was created .
The first conference represented 17 countries but by 1998 , 46 countries were represented
In Eastern Europe , the Humboldt University Medical School has had a tissue bank since 1956 and supplied 50,000 bone grafts to more than 250 hospitals between 1956 and 1991 .
Throughout Europe , the European Bone Bank Foundation , Bone Implant Services , and the Euro-Skin Bank are a few organizations that prepare donated grafts for surgery .
Pakistan , Indonesia , Bangladesh , and Malaysia use amnion in reconstructive surgery and burns .
Commerce
Body brokers are firms or individuals that buy and sell cadaver human body parts for use of research . Trade in these body parts is performed in a manner similar to other raw materials , though many brokers insist they charge fees as opposed to selling body parts .
Procedures
House Bill 4341 was passed in 2014 regarding permission given to all schools in Michigan to receive cadavers for the promotion of education . The medical school must have a mortuary license . The law protects the bodies to be used from anything other than learning purposes . The school has to be credited by the Department of Community Health in order to receive a body and to be able to practice on it . There is a limit to the number of cadavers they have at one point in time at the house .
At the University of Washington , a body may be refused if there are signs of decomposition , severe trauma , infectious diseases , significant bedsores , obesity , jaundice , recent surgeries , or autopsied remains . The University of Washington 's School of Medicine has a continuing need for donated bodies to the Willed Body Program and accepts bodies of ages 18 years and older anywhere and only in the state of Washington . The School of Medicine is to be notified immediately at time of death . If the potential donor family does not call at this time , the donation is cancelled . The family is to be informed of any and all decisions made regarding body donation . When the study is complete , the cremated remains are either buried at the university community plot or are sent to the person on the Donor Registration Form , both at no cost .
Costs
Families will not receive compensation for the body donation . The school will typically pay for cremation costs , transportation costs and embalming . The family takes over cost responsibility of embalming if they request a funeral and the funeral home provides this service . The family is also responsible in making alternate arrangements for final disposition if the donation can not be completed for reasons previously stated .
Uses
Anatomy is taught in the first year of most medical schools and serves as the foundation for many other courses during a medical student 's education . The donated bodies are used in anatomy labs as a learning tool giving students hands-on experience . According to research done , the use of real bodies as opposed to computer stimulation has produced a better understanding of anatomy in students . The research , appearing in Anatomical Sciences Education , compared the use of cadaver based learning and computer based learning of human body structures . This research showed higher scores on anatomy exams for students using cadavers for learning opposed to computer stimulation . Uses for the bodies include teaching other health fields as well , such as nursing or physical therapy . Current physicians use bodies to study new surgical procedures before practicing on live patients . The cadaver should be donated to the nearest medical school and not cross state lines . Faculty , staff , and students of health professions are authorized to use the anatomy lab and outsiders are restricted access . Outside of the medical field , bodies can be used for research to increase safety in military , law enforcement , sports and transportation crashes .
Ethical considerations
There is no common model used between organizations to determine whether utilization of cadaveric images is ethical or not . There is no agreement made with the donor about images being taken or used for any purposes after death so current practice is that the choice is up to the organization in possession of the cadaver . If images of a cadaver were to end up in the wrong hands , there are no laws or guidelines in place as to what can be done with the images . Technology makes up a large portion of information transfer so it is likely that this could happen through hacking or misappropriation of images .
In one study published by Clinical Anatomy , doctors unanimously agreed that willed body donations are important for teaching and learning purposes , but only 52 % of male doctors consented to donation of their own body and only 29 % of female doctors consented . This study found that the actions of doctors while in anatomy labs and other areas where they have been exposed to a cadaver have led them to avoid donating their own bodies .
Willed body donation programs do not always run smoothly , as is evident in the 2004 case against UCLA for distribution of body parts to other companies under the pretense that they had already been tested for infectious diseases . Specifically , Johnson & Johnson was purchasing body parts from the director of UCLA 's willed body program at a steep price . The representative from Johnson & Johnson claimed that he had no reason to suspect that the body parts were distributed to him illegally .
References
Medical aspects of death
Transplantation medicine
Biobanks
Archives of Suicide Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering suicidology . It was established in 1995 and is published by Routledge . It is the official journal of the International Academy of Suicide Research , both of which were founded by Dutch psychologist René Duekstra . The First/Founding editor-in-chief was Dutch-Canadian psychologist , Antoon A. Leenaars . The current editor-in-chief is Barbara Stanley ( New York State Psychiatric Institute ) . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.901 .
References
External links
Suicidology journals
Publications established in 1995
Quarterly journals
Routledge academic journals
English-language journals
Adam L. Peterson ( born May 18 , 1979 ) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball . Peterson appeared in three games with the Toronto Blue Jays in .
Peterson was traded by the Blue Jays to the Arizona Diamondbacks on January 12 , 2005 , in exchange for Shea Hillenbrand . The Diamondbacks placed him on waivers , and he was claimed by the Detroit Tigers . He pitched in the Tigers ' farm system in , his last year in professional baseball .
External links
1979 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Auburn Doubledays players
Baseball players from Savannah , Georgia
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Erie SeaWolves players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New Haven Ravens players
Syracuse SkyChiefs players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tucson Sidewinders players
Wichita State Shockers baseball players
Anchorage Glacier Pilots players
Dawson Devoy ( born 20 November 2001 ) is an Irish professional association football player who plays as a midfielder for EFL League One club Milton Keynes Dons and the Republic of Ireland U21 national team .
Club career
Bohemians
Devoy played for Home Farm and St Kevin 's Boys at youth level . He joined the U17 side of League of Ireland Premier Division club Bohemians in March 2018 , before signing professional terms in 2019 . Devoy made his first team debut on 27 May 2019 as a 68th-minute substitute in a 2–0 League of Ireland Cup quarter-final win over Cork City . He made his league debut on 15 July 2019 as a 79th-minute substitute in a 3–0 defeat away to UCD .
Following limited opportunities the previous season , in 2021 Devoy featured regularly in both the league and UEFA Europa Conference League . He scored his first goal for the club on 21 May 2021 in a 2–1 defeat away to St Patrick 's Athletic . After an impressive season which included an international call-up to the Republic of Ireland U21s , Devoy was named the PFAI Young Player of the Year and featured in the PFAI Team of the Year for 2021 .
After re-signing with Bohemians in December 2021 , he continued to perform into the 2022 season , scoring 8 goals and providing 2 assists in 22 league games amid increased interest from other clubs .
Milton Keynes Dons
On 13 July 2022 , Devoy joined EFL League One club Milton Keynes Dons on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
International career
Devoy made his international debut for the Republic of Ireland U21 team during the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 qualifiers against Luxembourg .
Career statistics
Honours
Individual
PFAI Young Player of the Year : 2021
PFAI Team of the Year : 2021
League of Ireland Player of the Month : July 2021
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Bohemian F.C . players
Milton Keynes Dons F.C . players
League of Ireland players
English Football League players
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland youth international footballers
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Association footballers from County Meath
People from County Meath
Almike Moussa N'Diaye ( born 26 October 1996 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championnat National 3 club Vaulx-en-Velin . Born in Spain , he plays for the Mauritania national team .
Career
As a youth player , N'Diaye joined the youth academy of Spanish club Banyoles . After that , he signed for the reserve team of French club GOAL FC . In 2018 , N'Diaye signed for Championnat National 3 club Vaulx-en-Velin .
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
People from Pla de l'Estany
Sportspeople from the Province of Girona
Spanish people of Mauritanian descent
Spanish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Mauritanian descent
Citizens of Mauritania through descent
Spanish footballers
Mauritanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Mauritania international footballers
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Mauritanian expatriate sportspeople in France
Mauritanian expatriate footballers
Seaforth is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia . Seaforth is home to the Hope For Wildlife Society , an organisation dedicated to helping injured wild animals . The community was named for Seaforth , Merseyside , in England .
References
External links
Explore HRM
Hope For Wildlife
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Yenigüney is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 229 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
The International Journal of Foundations of Computer Science is a computer science journal published by World Scientific . It was founded in 1990 , covering the field of theoretical computer science , from algebraic theory and algorithms , to quantum computing and wireless networks . Since 1997 , the Editor-in-Chief has been Oscar Ibarra of the Department of Computer Science , University of California .
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 0.416 .
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal is abstracted and indexed by :
Mathematical Reviews
Inspec
DBLP Bibliography Server
Zentralblatt MATH
Science Citation Index Expanded
ISI Alerting Services
CompuMath Citation Index
Current Contents/Engineering , Computing & Technology
MathSciNet
Computer Abstracts
External links
Journal website at World Scientific
Computer science journals
Publications established in 1990
World Scientific academic journals
Fairgrange is an unincorporated community in Seven Hickory Townships , Coles County , Illinois , United States .
Geography
Fairgrange is located at at an elevation of 679 feet .
References
Unincorporated communities in Coles County , Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
The Frederick B. Carter Jr. House is a historic house located at 1024 Judson Avenue in Evanston , Illinois . Architect Walter Burley Griffin designed the Prairie School house , which was built in 1910 . The house is an early example of Griffin 's attempts to develop a style independent of his mentor , Frank Lloyd Wright . The exterior of the house is made of brick and stucco with wooden half-timbering and trim . The house 's form is distinguished by several projecting and receding masses . Its roof includes a large gable in front and overhanging eaves , both over the gable and on the flat section of roof to the side .
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 30 , 1974 .
References
Houses completed in 1910
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Evanston , Illinois
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County , Illinois
Houses in Cook County , Illinois
Victor `` Vic '' San Andres Ziga ( September 30 , 1945 – January 31 , 2021 ) was a Filipino politician who served as senator in the 8th Congress . He was an assemblyman for Albay in the Regular Batasang Pambansa prior to getting elected as senator . He also served as Governor of Albay and cabinet minister in the Corazon Aquino administration .
Early life and career
Ziga was born on 30 September 1945 in Manila to parents Venancio Prieto Ziga , former governor and congressman of Albay , and Tecla San Andres Ziga , a former Senator and who was the first woman who topped number 1 in the Bar Examination in the Philippines .
Ziga studied in Ateneo de Naga , Ateneo de Manila University , the University of Santo Tomas and the University of California in Los Angeles ( UCLA ) . He passed the bar in 1975 .
Political career
Ziga ran in and won the 1984 Batasang Pambansa elections . He filed various bills such as the establishment of the National Rehabilitation Center for drug addicts , requiring secondary schools to teach avoiding drug addiction and abuse and increasing the minimum basic monthly salaries of public school teachers .
In 1986 , he was appointed the Cabinet Minister of General Services . In 1987 , he was elected as a Philippine Senator . He was the Chairman of the Public works and highways committee and a member of the Commission on Appointments , Senate Electoral Tribunal and 16 other committees .
Ziga 's interest and concern for those who have less in life is reflected in his association and involvement in typhoon relief operations and civic organizations , such as the free Medical Eye Specialist Mission and the Medical Mission of the Philippine General Hospital .
In 1991 , he joined the Magnificent 12 in rejecting the new proposed treaty for Subic Naval Base . Ziga eventually left politics and returned to the private sector as board director of San Miguel Corporation .
Personal life
Senator Ziga was married to Carmen Olbes Velasco with whom he had six children .
References
1945 births
2021 deaths
Senators of the 8th Congress of the Philippines
People from Albay
Bicolano politicians
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
University of Santo Tomas alumni
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Albay
20th-century Filipino lawyers
Liberal Party ( Philippines ) politicians
Members of the Batasang Pambansa
Corazon Aquino administration cabinet members
Combinivalvula is a genus of Cambrian arthropod known for being a member of the Chengjiang biota . It was described in 1987 .
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
WFJA ( 105.5 FM ) is a classic hits formatted radio station licensed to Sanford , North Carolina , US . The station is currently owned by Jon Lane Hackaday , through licensee Sandhills Broadcasting Group LLC .
References
External links
WFJA Classic Hits 105.5 Official Website
Official WWGP 1050 AM Official Website ( Sister Station )
FJA
Toni Wirsing is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1990 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Chemnitz
Farhan Navab ( born 1 July 1956 ) is an Iranian sprinter . He competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Iranian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Iran
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Frank Hougaard ( born 29 December 1963 ) is a former Danish footballer who played as a winger and fullback from 1986 to 2005 .
Hougaard spent the vast majority of his professional career at Næstved Boldklub , totalling 507 league appearances , a club record . Although retiring several times , Hougaard was approached to help out his club when they faced relegation .
In his youth Hougaard played for Herlufsholm Gymnastikforening , a smaller club in Næstved . He made his league debut in the 1986 season on May 14 , 1986 for Næstved IF in an away game against AGF . 19 years later he made his final appearance on June 4 , 2005 at the age of 41 as Næstved Boldklub lost 3-4 against Dalum in the 2004–05 Danish 1st Division . Although previously retired , he had agreed to help out his old club facing relegation . But his efforts were not enough , and Næstved Bolklub was relegated to the Danish Second Division .
At 22 years old his debut at Næstved Boldklub came quite late , making his total appearances for the club even more impressive . During his time in Næstved Boldklub he became somewhat of a cult figure among the fans , especially due to his never-ending loyalty to the club .
Hougaard spent almost his entire career at Næstved Boldklub , with a season as playing assistant manager for Erik Rasmussen at Skælskør BI and a short period with youth club Herlufsholm Gymnastikforening as the only exceptions .
Records
Hougaard has the most appearances at Næstved Boldklub , with 507 league appearances spanning 19 years . On May 23 , 1993 , Hougaard scored the 1000th goal in the Danish Superliga .
In his first season at Næstved Boldklub he won bronze as the club finished third in the Danish league . In 1988 , he won silver medal as Næstved Boldklub finished runners-up . In 1994 , he won the silver medal as Næstved Boldkub lost the Danish Cup final against Brøndby IF .
Notes
1963 births
Danish footballers
Næstved Boldklub players
Living people
Association football defenders
Eilema brunnea is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Frederic Moore in 1878 . It is found in the Indian state of Sikkim .
References
brunnea
Moths described in 1878
An athletic trainer is a certified and licensed health care professional who practices in the field of sports medicine . Athletic training has been recognized by the American Medical Association ( AMA ) as an allied health care profession since 1990 .
As defined by the Strategic Implementation Team of the National Athletic Trainers ' Association ( NATA ) in August 2007 :
`` Athletic training encompasses the prevention , examination , diagnosis , treatment , and rehabilitation of emergent , acute or chronic injuries and medical conditions . Athletic training is recognized by the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , Health Resources Services Administration ( HRSA ) and the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) as an allied health care profession . ''
To become an athletic trainer one must have a master 's degree from an accredited professional level education program and then sit for and pass the Board of Certification ( BOC ) examination . By 2023 , all accredited professional programs will be required to provide a master 's level education . Each state then has its own regulatory agencies that control the practice of athletic training in their state . Most states ( 42 ) require an athletic trainer to obtain a license in order to practice in that state , 5 states ( Colorado , Hawaii , Minnesota , Oregon , West Virginia ) require registration , 2 states ( New York , South Carolina ) require certification , while California has no state regulations on the practice of athletic training .
Areas of expertise of certified athletic trainers include :
Apply protective or injury-preventive devices such as tape , bandages , and braces
Recognize and evaluate injuries
Provide first aid or emergency care
Develop and carry out rehabilitation programs for injured athletes
Plan and implement comprehensive programs to prevent injury and illness among athletes
Perform administrative tasks such as keeping records and writing reports on injuries and treatment programs
Services rendered by the athletic trainer take place in a wide variety of settings and venues , including actual athletic training facilities , primary schools , universities , inpatient and outpatient physical rehabilitation clinics , hospitals , physician offices , community centers , workplaces , and even the military . Emerging settings for athletic training include surgical fellowship opportunities .
Educational programs
The Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education ( CAATE ) oversees the curriculum standards of all accredited Professional ( entry level ) and all of the institutions . The standards dictate the content of both didactic and clinical practice portions of the educational program . Content areas include :
Risk Management and Injury Prevention
Pathology of Injuries and Illnesses
Orthopedic Clinical Examination and Assessment
Medical Conditions and Disabilities
Acute Care of Injuries and Illnesses
Therapeutic Modalities
Conditioning and Rehabilitative Exercises
Psychosocial Intervention and Referral
Nutritional Aspects of Injuries and Illnesses
Healthcare Administration
Professional Development and Responsibility
Healthcare Professional Development and Responsibility
Post-professional programs
There are several post-professional masters-level athletic training programs . These programs are for credentialed athletic trainers who desire to become scholars , researchers , and advanced practice professionals . Schools with post-professional athletic training masters programs include :
A.T . Still University , University of Hawaii at Manoa , Illinois State University , Indiana State University , Indiana University , University of Kentucky , Michigan State University , Western Michigan University , University of North Carolina Chapel Hill , Ohio University , University of Oregon , California University of Pennsylvania , Thomas Jefferson University , Temple University , Old Dominion University , University of Toledo , University of Virginia , University of Missouri , Weber State University , University of Michigan , University of North Georgia and Winona State University .
There are doctoral programs in athletic training , each with different curricular emphasis . Athletic training program in doctoral education is offered by the University of Idaho , Florida International University , A.T . Still University , and Indiana State University .
Treatment population and settings
Athletic trainers treat a broad population , from the amateur and professional athlete to the typical patient in need of orthopaedic rehabilitative care . The NATA describes typical clients groups as ,
Recreational , amateur and professional athletes
Individuals who have sustained musculoskeletal injuries
Those seeking strength , conditioning , fitness and performance enhancement
Others designated by the physician .
Services rendered by the athletic trainer take place in a wide variety of settings and venues . These may include :
Athletic training clinics
Schools ( K-12 , colleges , universities )
Outpatient Rehabilitation Clinics
Hospitals
Physician offices
Community facilities
Workplaces ( commercial and government )
Military installations and veteran medical facilities
Professional sport organizations
Performing arts
See also
National Athletic Trainers ' Association
International Sports Sciences Association
Board of Certification , Inc .
References
^
Health care occupations
Sports occupations and roles
Sports medicine
Rhabdophis chiwen , the Chiwen keelback , is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in China .
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of China
Endemic fauna of China
Reptiles described in 2020
John McIntyre ( 1 January 1855 – 21 November 1934 ) was an English prelate who served as the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Birmingham from 1921 to 1928 .
Early life and ministry
Born in Birmingham , he was educated at Sedgley Park School , Wolverhampton , the English College , Douai , St Bernard 's Seminary , Olton and the English College , Rome . After his ordination to the priesthood on 22 May 1880 , he served at Colwich , Staffordshire , and then alternatively at Oscott and Olton until 1912 . Between 1898 and 1912 , he was the Vice-Rector at St Mary 's College , Oscott .
Episcopal career
He was appointed an auxiliary Bishop of Birmingham and Titular Bishop of Lamus on 24 June 1912 . His consecration to the Episcopate took place on 30 July 1912 , the principal consecrator was Edward Ilsley , Archbishop of Birmingham , with Francis Mostyn and George Burton as co-consecrators . The next year , he was appointed Rector of the English College , Rome , despite the protests of Edward Ilsley . After five years , he was appointed an official of the Roman Curia and Titular Archbishop of Oxyrynchus on 24 August 1917 .
Following Edward Ilsley 's retirement , McIntyre was appointed Archbishop of Birmingham on 16 June 1921 and installed at St Chad 's Cathedral , Birmingham on 5 July 1921 . After seven years as archbishop of the Archdiocese of Birmingham , he was forced to resign due to ill-health on 17 November 1928 and appointed Titular Archbishop of Odessus .
He died on 21 November 1935 , aged 79 .
References
1855 births
1935 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in the United Kingdom
English College , Douai alumni
English College , Rome alumni
People from Birmingham , West Midlands
Rectors of the English College , Rome
Colorado is home to 101 fishes , 55 of which are native . Twenty-three native species are threatened or endangered at either the federal or state level . The federally endangered species are the Humpback Chub ( Gila cypha ) , Bonytail ( Gila elegans ) , Colorado Pikeminnow ( Ptychocheilus lucius ) , and Razorback Sucker ( Xyrauchen texanus ) .
References
Johnson , B. , Nomanbhoy , N. ( 2005 ) . An eField Guide to Western Fishes-Colorado and Wyoming
Retrieved from
https : //taurus.cnr.colostate.edu/projects/cofishguide/index.cfm
Fuller , P. ( 2017 ) . NAS-Nonindigenous Aquatic Species . USGS .
Retrieved from
https : //nas.er.usgs.gov/about/default.aspx
`` The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . '' IUCN Red List of Threatened Species ,
Retrieved from
https : //www.iucnredlist.org/
Page , Lawrence M. , and Brooks M. Burr . A Field Guide to Freshwater Fishes : North America , North of Mexico . Houghton Mifflin Company , 2010 .
Colorado
Lists of fauna of Colorado
The Café Zimmermann , or was the coffeehouse of Gottfried Zimmermann in Leipzig which formed the backdrop to the first performances of many of Bach 's secular cantatas , e.g . the Coffee Cantata ( Schweigt stille , plaudert nicht ) , and instrumental works .
In 1723 , the year Bach moved to Leipzig , it was the largest and best-appointed Kaffeehaus of Leipzig and a centre for the middle classes and gentlemen . While women were forbidden from frequenting coffeehouses , they could attend public concerts at Zimmermann 's . The coffeehouse was located at 14 Katharinenstrasse , then the most elegant street of Leipzig , connecting the Brühl to the marketplace . The name of the street had been taken from the old St. Catherine 's Chapel which had been demolished in 1544 . In Telemann 's and Bach 's day , only the name of the street remained . During the summer months , Zimmermann also ran an outdoor coffee garden in the outside the city walls , near the East Gate .
The four-and-a-half-story Baroque building was constructed by Doering around 1715 . It consisted of two adjoining rooms , one approximately , the other approximately . It was destroyed during an Allied air raid on Leipzig in December 1943 .
Zimmermann also ran a coffee garden as a summer venue .
Music
From 1720 the café hosted the Collegium Musicum founded by Georg Philipp Telemann as a law student in 1702 . It was later directed by Johann Sebastian Bach between 1729 and 1741 , with a break between 1737 and 1739 , while his former student Carl Gotthelf Gerlach stood in for Bach . The concerts directed by Bach lasted about two hours and consisted of German and Italian opera , chamber music , secular cantatas , and works for orchestra . Zimmermann charged the Collegium Musicum no fee for hosting their concerts , nor were the audience charged a fee ; Zimmermann 's expenses were repaid by sales of coffee . The concerts ended with Zimmermann 's death in 1741 .
The French classical music ensemble Café Zimmermann is named after this coffeehouse .
References
Johann Sebastian Bach
Coffeehouses and cafés in Germany
1720s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Music venues in Germany
Music in Leipzig
Buildings and structures in Leipzig
Georg Philipp Telemann
Beaumes de Venise is an appellation of wines from the eastern central region of the southern half of the Rhône Valley . It produces wines of two distinctly different types :
1 . A sweet fortified wine of the type vin doux naturel ( VDN ) , under the designation Muscat de Beaumes de Venise .
2 . A red Côtes du Rhône Villages from the classification of named villages , which typifies the quality wines of the Côtes du Rhône region .
The vines are grown on the slopes around the foot of the Dentelles de Montmirail , a vertical comb of rock jutting out of the plain between the Rhône river and the Luberon-Ventoux mountains . Beaumes is famed for its natural fortified wine made from the Muscat grape , and records of its use go back almost two millennia . More recently it is also the producer of a high quality red wine . In 1943 the natural Sweet Beaumes de Venise Muscat was accorded its appellation d'origine contrôlée ( AOC ) , to be followed in 1956 by an AOC for its Côtes du Rhône . The red , white and rosé wines were elevated to the appellation of Côtes-du-Rhône Villages AOC ( named villages ) in 1978 , and in 2005 the greatest honor of all was bestowed on the region when Beaumes de Venise rouge and the sweet fortified wine Muscat de Beaumes de Venise became a cru - the highest order of the wines in the Rhône Valley . Today , over 100 producers including fifteen domaines and a cooperative winery combine their efforts to maintain the highest standards and the centuries-old reputation of the town and its wines .
Muscat de Beaumes de Venise AOC
In 1248 , St. Louis is claimed to have taken supplies of the local wine with him on his 7th Crusade , and during the early 14th century , at the time of the reign of Pope Clement V , production was increased by 70 hectares to cater for the demand from the Popes ' Palace in Avignon .
A unique feature of the way the grapes ripen is the way in which the warmth of the sun reflects and radiates down over the vines from the huge vertical limestone slabs of the Dentelles de Montmirail – the `` Lace of Montmirail '' .
Just under 500 hectares are currently under cultivation . The average yield is approximately 28 hectolitres per hectare .
The wine is produced from a single variety , the small berried Muscat which is also known as the Muscat de Frontignan , and must contain a minimum alcohol level of 15 % . Mutage is carried out during the fermentation by the addition of 95° ( minimum ) proof spirit .
Beaumes de Venise AOC
The vineyard is surrounded by the communes of Beaumes de Venise , Lafare , Suzette , and La Roque-Alric , all in the department of Vaucluse , and is situated on the southeastern flank of the Dentelles de Montmirail at an altitude of 100 to 600 metres . About 100 growers/producers are concerned with the average annual production of around 18,000 hectolitres for an average yield of 33 hectolitres per hectare and the grapes are manually harvested .
Varieties that are blended to produce the red AOC are Grenache noir min . 50 % , Syrah 25 % , Mourvèdre and other varieties permitted by the appellation to a maximum of 20 % with 5 % of white grapes .
The minimum degree of alcohol is fixed at 12.5 % .
References
Rhône wine AOCs
Motsapi Moorosi ( 4 May 1945 – 8 February 2013 ) was a Lesotho sprinter . He competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics . He also competed in the men 's 200 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics where he qualified to the quarterfinals . He coached the Lesotho team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
References
1945 births
2013 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Lesotho male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Lesotho
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Lesotho
People from Maseru
The women 's 4x100 metres relay at the 2012 IPC Athletics European Championships was held at the Stadskanaal Stadium from 24–29 June .
Medalists
Results given by IPC Athletics .
Results
Final
See also
List of IPC world records in athletics
References
4x100 metres relay , women
2012 in women 's athletics
Robert Gessner ( born 1933 ) is an American freelance artist , from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , who created many of the logos for the city 's athletic teams . In addition to producing logos , Gessner also provided the artwork for the local teams ' programs . After studying at the Art Institute of Pittsburgh , Duquesne University and the University of Pittsburgh , Gessner fought in the Korean War with the U.S. Army before returning to Pittsburgh to begin his freelance artist career . He is credited for providing logos to the Pittsburgh Penguins , Pittsburgh Pirates , Pittsburgh Hornets and the Pitt Panthers .
Logo work
University of Pittsburgh
He designed the University of Pittsburgh 's script `` Pitt '' logo first used on their football helmets in 1973 . Pitt 's script logos became the most dominant logo for the university and athletic teams starting with its adoption onto the football helmets of the university in 1973 . While earning his degree at Pitt , Gessner became friends with Beano Cook , the University 's sports information director . Cook gave Gessner some freelance illustration jobs for athletic programs , newspapers and other Panthers ' publications . Gessner 's `` Pitt '' script logo is actually a stylized version of the signature of William Pitt , the British Secretary of State during the French and Indian War , and later Prime Minister , for whom Fort Pitt and later Pittsburgh were named .
Pittsburgh Hornets
In 1961 , Beano Cook helped Gessner get the job for creating the new logo for the Pittsburgh Hornets of the American Hockey League . He was hired to make the Hornets logo look tougher , since the team suspended operations from 1955-1960 . In addition , he also did all of the artwork for the team 's programs . Gessner work with the Hornets carried over to him getting the logo job for the expansion Pittsburgh Penguins in 1967 .
Pittsburgh Penguins
In 1967 Gessner created the first logo for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League . He was paid $ 1,500 for providing the Penguins with their logo . The first logo featured a skating penguin with a scarf holding a hockey stick in front of a golden triangle symbolic of the city 's Golden Triangle . The team 's original colors were to be black and white . However a protest from the Boston Bruins , who claimed that the black and white colors were owned by the Bruins , forced the Penguins to change their colors to Columbia blue , white and navy blue . The logo changed in 1968 to allow for the skating penguin to look meaner . Gessner 's `` skating penguin '' was used until 1992 , however it was revived in 2000 and is still the basis of the team 's current logo , only with different colors . On September 27 , 2010 it was announced that the original scarf-wearing version of the skating penguin will be featured on the Penguins new alternate jersey that the team will debut at the 2011 NHL Winter Classic , to be held at Heinz Field . This marks the first time , the scarf penguin will be featured on a jersey .
Pittsburgh Pirates
Gessner also drew the `` friendly pirate '' emblem used by the Pittsburgh Pirates of baseball 's National League from 1968 until 1987 .
Retirement
Gessner retired in 1996 and is currently living in St. Augustine , Florida .
Notes
References
History of the Pittsburgh Penguins Logo
1933 births
Living people
Artists from Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Penguins people
Pittsburgh Pirates personnel
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Duquesne University alumni
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
Emil Gabrovitz ( also known 1875 - 1947 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian football player . He made his debut and obtained his only cap for the Hungarian national football team on 12 October 1902 against Austria in Vienna . His brother , Kornél Gabrovitz , was also a football defender . His son Emil Gabrovitz was a Hungarian tennis champion .
References
Hungarian footballers
1875 births
1947 deaths
Footballers from Budapest
Association football defenders
Hungary international footballers
is a railway station in Chizu , Yazu District , Tottori , Japan , operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express .
Lines
Yamasato Station is served by the Chizu Express Chizu Line .
Adjacent stations
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Tottori Prefecture
John Deakin ( born 4 March 1965 ) is a British coxswain . He won a gold medal at the 1994 World Rowing Championships in Indianapolis with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
1965 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Coxswains ( rowing )
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of Great Britain
Yekaterina Alexeyevna Sinyavina ( died 1784 ) was a Russian composer and pianist . A cembalo concerto by Giovanni Paisiello was probably first performed at the court of Catherine II in 1781 with Sinyavina as soloist . She served as a lady-in-waiting and composer at the court , married Count Simon Romanovich Vorontsov and died in St. Petersburg .
References
Year of birth missing
1784 deaths
Music educators of the Russian Empire
Composers of the Russian Empire
Women classical composers
Ladies-in-waiting of the Russian Empire
, also known by the name , is a Japanese film and television director and producer . He is one of several people who have been given credit for creating Ultraman .
Career
After working as an assistant director at TBS , he joined Tsuburaya Productions in 1964 . His first directed work was the 21 episode of Ultra Q , `` Space Directive M774 '' . He has directed and produced many works of Tsuburaya Productions including the original Ultraman series . In Ultraseven , he was selected for the final production . In addition , he also showed his musical and acoustic skills by effectively using the insert song `` ULTRASEVEN '' and the candidate song for the theme song ( commonly known as `` Ultra Seven Song Part II '' ) that was rejected , and by performing the announcement of `` Fourth Gate , Open ! '' that resonates in the base in the launching scene of Ultra Hawk 1 .
Filmography
Director
Ultra Q ( 1966 )
Kaiju Booska ( 1966 )
Ultraman ( 1966 )
Ultraseven ( 1967 )
Operation : Mystery ! ( 1968 )
Mighty Jack ( 1968 )
Assistant director
Ultra Q ( 1966 )
Producer
Daigoro vs. Goliath ( 1972 )
Production manager
Ultra Fight ( 1970 )
Planner
Ultraman Cosmos : The First Contact ( 2001 )
Actor
Ultra Q ( 1966 ) as Policeman [ episode 12 ] ( uncredited )
Ultraman Cosmos vs. Ultraman Justice : The Final Battle ( 2003 ) as SRC China Representative
Ultraman Max ( 2006 ) as Director of UNBALANCE [ episode 29 ]
Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers ( 2008 ) as Hawaiian Restaurant Customer ( uncredited )
Interviewee
Japanorama ( 2002 )
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Japanese film directors
Japanese television directors
Japanese film producers
The 1985–86 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the seventh World Cup season in ski jumping . It began in Thunder Bay , Canada on 7 December 1985 and finished in Planica , Yugoslavia on 23 March 1986 . The individual World Cup was won by Matti Nykänen and Nations Cup by Austria .
Map of world cup hosts
All 19 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season .
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
Bohemia Tournament
KOP International Ski Flying Week
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
Christian Neureuther ( born 28 April 1949 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Germany .
Racing career
Born and raised in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Bavaria , Neureuther specialized in the slalom and won six World Cup races and attained twenty podiums . He competed for West Germany in three Winter Olympics ( 1972 , 1976 , 1980 ) and was fifth in the slalom in both 1976 and 1980 . Neureuther was the runner-up to Gustav Thöni in the World Cup season slalom standings in 1973 and 1974 ; he was fourth overall in 1973 and ninth in 1974 .
Personal
Neureuther is married to Rosi Mittermaier , a double gold medalist at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the overall World Cup champion in 1976 . Married in 1980 , they are the parents of Felix Neureuther ( b.1984 ) , a retired World Cup ski racer for Germany .
World Cup results
Season standings
Points were only awarded for top ten finishes ( see scoring system ) .
Race podiums
6 wins – ( 6 SL )
20 podiums – ( 20 SL ) ; 59 top tens
World championship results
From 1948 through 1980 , the Winter Olympics were also the World Championships for alpine skiing .
At the World Championships from 1954 through 1980 , the combined was a `` paper race '' using the results of the three events ( DH , GS , SL ) .
Olympic results
External links
Christian Neureuther World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
1949 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Garmisch-Partenkirchen
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for West Germany
Competitors at the 1970 Winter Universiade
World Parachuting Championships is the main competitive parachuting championships in the World , and is organised by Fédération Aéronautique Internationale .
Canopy piloting
Events
Distance
Speed
Accuracy
Freestyle
Championships
Landing and style
Events
Accuracy landing
Freefall style
Championships
List is incomplete
Skydiving
Events
Formation skydiving ( 4-Way , 4-Way Women , 8-Way , VFS 4-Way )
Artistic ( Freestyle skydiving , Freeflying )
Speed skydiving
Championships
List is incomplete
References
Medalists
AirSports Calendar
External links
2014 World Championships
Parachuting organizations
Parachuting
Adam Roberts ( born December 28 , 1984 ) is a Canadian Grand Prix motorcycle racer
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Canadian motorcycle racers
Living people
250cc World Championship riders
1984 births
DOER Marine ( Deep Ocean Exploration and Research ) is a marine technology company established in 1992 by oceanographer Sylvia Earle , based in Alameda , California . It is developing a vehicle , Deepsearch ( and Ocean Explorer HOV Unlimited ) , with some support from Google 's Eric Schmidt with which a crew of two or three will take 90 minutes to reach the seabed , as the program Deep Search .
References
External links
DOER Marine website
Companies based in Alameda , California
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
1992 establishments in California
The Radical Movement ( , MR ) , officially the Radical , Social and Liberal Movement ( ) , was a social-liberal political party in France .
The party aimed at being an `` alternative to the right–left paradigm '' .
History
The Radical Party ( PR ) was founded in 1901 as the Republican , Radical and Radical-Socialist Party . In 1972 , the left-wing of the party split and formed the Radical Party of the Left ( PRG ) . The two parties were part of different political alliances , with the PR part of the centre-right , successively the Union for French Democracy , Union for a Popular Movement and Union of Democrats and Independents , while the PRG allied with the Socialist Party on the centre-left , with PRG leader Sylvia Pinel contesting the Socialist Party presidential primary in January 2017 .
The idea for a united Radical Party was promoted in June 2017 after the presidential election in which Emmanuel Macron won the presidential election as the candidate for the centrist La République En Marche ! .
The two parties were officially merged into the MR on 10 December 2017 .
The party joined the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe on 9 November 2018 . The LGBT association GayLib joined the party on 18 June 2018 .
In February 2019 , faction of ex-PRG members , including its last president Sylvia Pinel , split from the Radical Movement due to its expected alliance with La République En Marche in the European elections and plans to resurrect the PRG , who will meet on 16 March to move toward the reconstitution of the old party .
In 2021 its president Laurent Hénart announced that the Radical Movement would `` become again '' the Radical Party .
Ideology
There were eight core ideas that the party stated at the founding congress .
Freedom
Equality
Fraternity
Secularism
Security
Environmental protection
Commitment to Europe
Humanism
Election results
European Parliament
See also
Liberalism and radicalism in France
References
External links
Official website
2017 establishments in France
Centrist parties in France
Liberal parties in France
Political parties established in 2017
Political parties of the French Fifth Republic
Pro-European political parties in France
Radical parties in France
Republican parties
Republicanism in France
Social liberal parties
Simeonov ( , ) is a Bulgarian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Simeonova or Simionova . It may refer to
Albena Simeonova ( born 1964 ) , Bulgarian environmental activist
Aleksandar Simeonov ( disambiguation )
Dimitar Simeonov ( born 1987 ) , Bulgarian football player
Filipa Simeonova ( born 1991 ) , Bulgarian rhythmic gymnast
Ivan Simeonov ( born 1926 ) , Bulgarian sprint canoer
Kaspar Simeonov ( born 1955 ) , Bulgarian volleyball player
Mihail Simeonov ( born 1929 ) , Bulgarian artist
Nikola Simeonov ( born 1939 ) , Bulgarian Olympic marathon runner
Simeon Simeonov ( disambiguation )
Svetlin Simeonov ( born 1975 ) , Bulgarian football midfielder
Svilen Simeonov ( born 1974 ) , Bulgarian football player
Todor Simeonov ( born 1976 ) , Bulgarian football player
Valeri Simeonov ( born 1955 ) , Bulgarian politician
Venceslav Simeonov ( born 1977 ) , Bulgarian-Italian volleyball player
Zdravko Simeonov ( born 1946 ) , Bulgarian Olympic volleyball player
Gheorghe Simionov ( born 1950 ) , Romanian sprint canoer
Toma Simionov ( born 1955 ) , Romanian sprint canoer , brother of Gheorghe
See also
Simonov
Bulgarian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
This is a list of San Jose Sharks award winners .
League awards
Team trophies
Individual awards
All-Stars
NHL first and second team All-Stars
The NHL first and second team All-Stars are the top players at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association .
NHL All-Rookie Team
The NHL All-Rookie Team consists of the top rookies at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association .
All-Star Game selections
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is a mid-season exhibition game held annually between many of the top players of each season . Twenty-two All-Star Games have been held since the San Jose Sharks entered the league in 1991 , with at least one player chosen to represent the Sharks in each year except 1998 . The All-Star game has not been held in various years : 1979 and 1987 due to the 1979 Challenge Cup and Rendez-vous '87 series between the NHL and the Soviet national team , respectively , 1995 , 2005 , and 2013 as a result of labor stoppages , 2006 , 2010 , and 2014 because of the Winter Olympic Games , and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic . San Jose has hosted two of the games . The 47th and 64th took place at the SAP Center at San Jose .
Selected by fan vote
Selected by Commissioner
Career achievements
Hockey Hall of Fame
The following is a list of San Jose Sharks who have been enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Lester Patrick Trophy
The Lester Patrick Trophy has been presented by the National Hockey League and USA Hockey since 1966 to honor a recipient 's contribution to ice hockey in the United States . This list includes all personnel who have ever been employed by the San Jose Sharks in any capacity and have also received the Lester Patrick Trophy .
United States Hockey Hall of Fame
Retired numbers
The San Jose Sharks have not retired any of their jersey numbers . Out of circulation is the number 99 which was retired league-wide for Wayne Gretzky on February 6 , 2000 . Gretzky did not play for the Sharks during his 20-year NHL career and no Sharks player had ever worn the number 99 prior to its retirement .
Team awards
Media Good Guy
The Media Good Guy is an annual award voted on by the Bay Area media given to the player who handles his media responsibilities with cooperation , honesty , and thoughtfulness , and answers the bell no matter the outcome or situation .
Sharks Fan Favorite Award
The Sharks Fan Favorite Award is an annual award voted on by Sharks fans .
Sharks Player of the Year
The Sharks Player of the Year is an annual award given to the player `` contributing most to the success of the Sharks '' during the regular season as determined by Bay Area media .
Sharks Rookie of the Year
The Sharks Rookie of the Year is an annual award given to the team 's best rookie as determined by Bay Area media .
Three Stars of the Year
The Three Stars of the Year is an annual award given to the player who earns the most points from Star of the game selections throughout the regular season .
See also
List of National Hockey League awards
References
San Jose Sharks
award
The ash-winged antwren ( Euchrepomis spodioptila ) is an insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The ash-winged antwren was described and illustrated by the English ornithologists Philip Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1881 and given the binomial name Terenura spodioptila . The current genus Euchrepomis was introduced in 2012 .
There are three subspecies :
Euchrepomis spodioptila signata ( Zimmer , JT , 1932 ) – southeast Colombia , east Ecuador , northeast Peru and northwest Brazil
Euchrepomis spodioptila spodioptila ( Sclater , PL & Salvin , 1881 ) – south Venezuela , the Guianas and north central Brazil
Euchrepomis spodioptila meridionalis ( Snethlage , E , 1925 ) – south central Amazonian Brazil
References
External links
Image at ADW
ash-winged antwren
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
ash-winged antwren
ash-winged antwren
ash-winged antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a railway station in Kure , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Miles Thornton ( born April 2 , 1994 ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the United States . He races in the AMA Pro Supersport Championship for CTR Racing aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6 .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
Miles Thornton profile at AMA Pro Road Racing
Miles Thornton profile at MotoGP.com
American motorcycle racers
Living people
1994 births
125cc World Championship riders
Incorporated may refer to :
Incorporated community
Incorporated ( Grip Inc. album ) , 2004 , by Grip Inc .
Incorporated ( Legion of Doom album ) , 2006
Incorporated ( TV series ) , a science fiction thriller television series set in 2075
See also
Incorporation ( disambiguation )
Unincorporated ( disambiguation )
Corporation
Örencik is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 62 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ouara ( or Wara , ) is the former capital of the Ouaddai Empire lying near Abéché in eastern Chad .
It has been deserted since its wells went dry in the 19th century . Situated between hills , it is still home to a ruined palace , mosque and city wall . These ruins were added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on July 21 , 2005 , in the cultural category .
References
Populated places in Chad
Ouaddaï Region
Lower Prospect is a rural residential community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula . It was the location of the 1873 sinking of the SS Atlantic .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
A.J . Baime ( born July 24 , 1971 ) is an American author , journalist , and public speaker . He is a regular contributor to The Wall Street Journal , and he is best known for his books The Accidental President : Harry S. Truman and the Four Months that Changed the World ( 2017 ) , Go Like Hell : Ford , Ferrari , and Their Battle for Speed and Glory at Le Mans ( 2009 ) and The Arsenal of Democracy : FDR , Detroit , and an Epic Quest to Arm an America at War ( 2014 ) .
Biography
Baime was born to Eastern European Jewish parents and raised in suburban New Jersey , where he attended West Essex High School . He earned a B.A . from the University of New Hampshire in 1994 , and an M.A . from New York University in 1997 . Soon after , he broke into journalism by working as a freelance fact checker at magazines such as GQ , Rolling Stone , and The Village Voice .
In 1998 , Baime started his first full-time writing job , at Maxim magazine . Over the next 15 years , he worked at various publications , becoming an executive editor at Boston , Maxim , and Playboy magazines , respectively . During that time , he began writing for other publications , notably The Wall Street Journal , where he currently writes the weekly `` My Ride '' column , about people who have a passion for a specific kind of automobile or motorcycle .
Baime is known for his work as an automotive journalist ; he is a former contributing editor to Road & Track , and he was on the launch team of Time Inc. 's online car magazine TheDrive .
A longtime New Yorker , Baime now lives in northern California , focusing mainly on his work as a book author .
Writings
In 2003 , Baime published his first book , Big Shots : the Men Behind the Booze . But his 2009 book Go Like Hell is the one that launched his career as an author . The book covers the Ford vs. Ferrari rivalry to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans in the 1960s . It was developed into the 2019 film Ford v. Ferrari , directed by James Mangold , with Christian Bale and Matt Damon in leading roles .
Baime 's 2014 book The Arsenal of Democracy—about the Detroit car companies ' contributions to World War II , notably the Ford Motor Company—is also in development for film . Both Go Like Hell and The Arsenal of Democracy won the Ken Purdy Award for best writing in the automotive space ( the award is given by the International Motor Press Association ) .
Film work
Baime has appeared on the TV shows Jay Leno 's Garage and One of a Kind : Cars , and he is featured prominently in The 24 Hour War , a feature-length documentary film produced by Adam Carolla and Nate Adams in 2016 .
Selected publications
Big Shots : The Men Behind the Booze . New York : New American Library , 2003 .
Go Like Hell : Ford , Ferrari , and Their Battle for Speed and Glory at Le Mans . Boston : Mariner Books , 2010 .
The Arsenal of Democracy : FDR , Detroit , and an Epic Quest to Arm an America at War . Boston : Mariner Books , Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , 2015 , c2014 .
The Accidental President : Harry S. Truman and the Four Months That Changed the World . Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , 2017 .
Dewey Defeats Truman : The 1948 Election and the Battle for America 's Soul . Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , 2020 .
References
External links
`` Getting the Tire Tracks on Paper '' , New York Times , June 8 , 2009
Ken Purdy Award Winners , International Motor Press Association
1971 births
American writers
Living people
University of New Hampshire alumni
New York University alumni
People from Essex County , New Jersey
West Essex High School alumni
FC SKA-Lotto Odesa was a Ukrainian football club from Odesa , Odesa Oblast .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
| }
External links
FC SKA-Lotto Odesa on allplayers.in.ua
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Odesa
Association football clubs established in 1995
Association football clubs disestablished in 1998
1995 establishments in Ukraine
1998 disestablishments in Ukraine
Detroit ( 24 February 1977 – 20 May 2001 ) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1980 . Unraced as a two-year-old , Detroit won her first four races in 1980 including the Prix Fille de l'Air , Prix Chloé and Prix de la Nonette . She was beaten when favourite for the Prix Vermeille before winning the Arc in record time . She remained in training as a four-year-old and won three more races including the Prix Foy . She was retired to stud where she produced the Arc de Triomphe winner Carnegie .
Background
Detroit was a brown mare with a white blaze and white socks on her hind legs bred in France by Société Aland . She was sired by Riverman a French horse who won the Poule d'Essai des Poulains in 1972 . As a breeding stallion he was highly successful , being the sire of many important winners including Irish River , Bahri , Gold River , River Memories and Triptych . Detroit 's dam Derna had previously produced Durtal , who won the Cheveley Park Stakes and was the dam of the Ascot Gold Cup winner Gildoran . Another daughter of Derna was Valderna , the grand-dam of the New Zealand/Australian champion Zabeel .
As a foal , Detroit was sold in a private deal for approximately £100,000 to Robert Sangster . The filly was sent into training with Olivier Douieb at Chantilly .
Racing career
1980 : three-year-old season
Detroit did not race as a two-year-old , beginning her racing career with a five-length win in a maiden race over 2100 metres at Saint-Cloud Racecourse in May 1980 . She was then moved up in class for the Group Three Prix de Fille de l'Air over the same course and distance on 21 June . Ridden by Alain Lequeux , she started the 2.1/1 favourite and won by two and a half lengths from Gold River . On 19 July , the filly started the 1.4/1 favourite for the Group Three Prix Chloé over 1800 m at Evry Racecourse and won by one and a half lengths from Licara . Detroit 's next race was the Prix de la Nonette over 2000 m at Deauville Racecourse on 31 August . She started the 9/10 favourite and won by two lengths from India Song with the Prix de Malleret winner Luth de Saron in third place .
Pat Eddery took over from Lequeux for Detroit 's next race , the Group One Prix Vermeille over 2400 m at Longchamp Racecourse on 14 September . She started the 11/4 favourite against a strong field which included Aryenne ( Poule d'Essai des Pouliches ) , Mrs Penny ( Prix de Diane ) , Cairn Rouge ( Irish 1,000 Guineas ) and Gold River . Detroit was unable to obtain a clear run until the closing stages , but then produced a strong late run to finish third , beaten half a length and three quarters of a length by Mrs Penny and the Irish-trained outsider Little Bonny . Many observers , including Timeform , considered Detroit to have been a very unlucky loser . On 5 October , Detroit was one of twenty horses to contest Europe 's most prestigious weight-for-age race , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe over 2400 m at Longchamp . Ridden by Eddery , she started the 6.7/1 fourth choice in the betting behind the British four-year-old Ela-Mana-Mou , the French colt Le Marmot and the 1979 Arc winner Three Troikas . Unusually , the race was run on firm ground and the presence of several pacemakers ensured that the early pace was very fast . Eddery retrained the filly in the early stages before moving to the outside to make her challenge in the straight . Detroit made rapid progress , overtaking Ela-Mana-Mou and Three Troikas inside the last 200 m and holding the late run of Argument to win by half a length . The winning time of 2:28.0 was a new record for the race .
1981 : four-year-old season
Detroit 's form in the early part of 1981 was disappointing . She finished fourth of the six runners behind Argument in the Prix d'Harcourt and fifth of nine behind the same horse in the Prix Ganay on 3 May . Detroit was off the course for sixteen weeks before returning to win a minor race over 2200 m at Clairefontaine in August . She then followed up by winning the Prix Ridgway at Deauville , beating Ruscelli by one and a half lengths . According to Timeform , she looked to be in much better condition than in spring , but wore bandages on her legs , suggesting injury problems . In September , Detroit started odds-on favourite for the Prix Foy over 2400 m at Longchamp . In a slowly run race , she accelerated clear of her three opponents early in the straight and was eased down in the closing stages to win by two lengths from Lancastrian , with Gold River in third place . On 4 October , Detroit started the 7/2 second favourite in her attempt to win a second Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and was ridden by Freddy Head , who had opted to ride her in preference to Gold River . Detroit was well-placed in the early stages but dropped away in the straight and finished twentieth of the twenty-four runners behind Gold River . On her only subsequent appearance , Detroit finished fifth behind April Run in the Turf Classic at Aqueduct Race Track .
Assessment
In 1980 , Detroit was given a rating of 131 by the independent Timeform organisation , making her the highest-rated three-year-old filly of the year . She was also the top-rated three-year-old filly in the official International Classification , two pounds ahead of Mrs Penny . Timeform awarded Detroit a rating of 126 in 1981 . In the International Classification she was rated the second-best older female in Europe , seven pounds below Gold River .
In their book , A Century of Champions , based on the Timeform rating system , John Randall and Tony Morris rated Detroit an `` inferior '' winner of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe .
Stud career
Detroit was retired from racing to become a broodmare for her owner 's Swettenham Stud . She produced at least twelve foals between 1983 and 2001 :
Lake Erie ( bay colt , foaled in 1983 , sired by Kings Lake ) , won six races , including the St. Simon Stakes
Nordic Legend ( bay colt , 1985 , by Northern Dancer ) , unraced
Nocturnal Song ( bay filly , 1986 , by Northern Dancer ) , unraced
Antisaar ( bay colt , 1987 , by Northern Dancer ) , won two races including Prix Guillaume d'Ornano
Wayne County ( bay colt , 1990 , by Sadler 's Wells ) , won four races
Carnegie ( bay colt , 1991 , by Sadler 's Wells ) , won seven races including Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
Honfleur ( brown filly , 1992 , by Sadler 's Wells ) , won two races
Mayenne ( brown filly , 1994 , by Nureyev ) , unraced . Female-line ancestor of Twilight Payment .
Lamarque ( bay filly , 1995 , by Nureyev ) , unraced
Valencay ( bay filly , 1996 , by Sadler 's Wells ) , unraced
Loire Valley ( bay filly , 1998 , by Sadler 's Wells ) , unraced
Mennetou ( bay filly , 2001 , by Entrepreneur ) , unraced
Detroit died shortly after the birth of her last foal on 20 May 2001 at the Swettenham Stud .
Pedigree
References
1977 racehorse births
2001 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 16-c
Arc winners
The John C. Wells Planetarium is located on the campus of James Madison University in Harrisonburg , Virginia . The planetarium first opened at JMU in 1956 under the direction of Dr. John C. Wells , head of the Physics Department . The facility was then moved to Miller Hall and renovated in 1975 , later named in honor of Wells on the occasion of his retirement in 1980 .
The planetarium seats 72 individuals within a 30-ft dome . It features a GOTO Chronos star projector together with Evans & Sutherland Digistar 5 digital projectors . The John C. Wells Planetarium also employs students enrolled at James Madison University to operate the system and host shows to the public .
Usage
In the early years of the Miller Hall Planetarium , not yet named after John Wells , all laboratories in the General Studies astronomy course met in the planetarium as well as other astronomy classes such as `` Controversies in Astronomy '' and `` Planetary Astronomy '' . As the planetarium grew older , it began scheduling astronomy instruction for off-campus groups . It also hosts regular public shows and special events such as Starry Nights Harrisonburg , Space Explorers Camp , and Bad Science Movie Nights .
Timeline
Late 1940s : James Madison University , then Madison College , purchased its first planetarium to be installed in the attic of Burruss Hall
1956 : Planetarium first installed on JMU 's campus by Dr. John C. Wells , who was a professor in the JMU Physics Department ( 1947–1988 ) , Department Head ( 1956–1974 ) , and Planetarium Curator ( 1979–1988 ) . It was placed in the attic of Burruss Hall during the fall semester . The cost of the installation was $ 500 for the Spitz Model A star projector , and about $ 850 for the 20-ft fabric dome . Dr. John C. Wells built the console at the cost of approximately $ 100 . Usage was mainly for school groups and college classes .
1975 : Moved to Miller Hall , where it is still currently located . A Goto II star projector replaced the obsolete equipment in Burruss , manufactured in Japan and installed at a cost of $ 47,000 by Planetariums Unlimited , a branch of Viewlex Audio-Visual , Inc . The cost of $ 47,000 was considerably lower than the other two bids offered by Minolta and Spitz because Viewlex was preparing to cease marketing Goto planetarium projectors in the country . Spitz is now the U.S. Goto representative . The old Spitz Model A , the dome , and console were given to the Augusta County School Division in hopes that it would be installed at the county educational center at Fishersville , VA .
1979 : Dr. John Wells retired from the Physics Department June 30 , 1979 , continuing to work at the Planetarium until 1980 .
1980 : Planetarium is officially named after Dr. Wells
2005 : Renovations made to the Planetarium ; closed to the public for the following three years ( 3-year Hiatus )
2008 : Renovations complete ; Planetarium opened to the public , Rededicated to Dr. Wells due to his death in 2005 . A Digistar 3 full-dome projector system was installed alongside GOTO , which allowed for full-dome movies in conjunction with a traditional star talk about the constellations .
Summer 2013 : Evans & Sutherland Digistar 5 ultra-high definition digital projection system is added to the Planetarium .
References
Planetaria in the United States
Buildings and structures in Harrisonburg , Virginia
Buildings and structures completed in 1956
James Madison University
Augusto Sakai ( born May 19 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in Bellator MMA and is now competing in the Heavyweight division of the UFC .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Sakai made his professional MMA debut in October 2011 in his native Brazil . In the first two years of his career , he amassed a record of six wins and no losses with all but one of his wins coming via knockout .
Bellator MMA
Sakai made his debut for Bellator MMA in March 2013 , defeating Rob Horton by knockout due to a knee .
Sakai returned to the promotion in 2015 with bouts against Daniel Gallemore and Alex Huddleston . He won both fights via TKO .
Sakai faced Dan Charles at Bellator 155 on May 20 , 2016 . The bout ended in a majority draw .
Sakai faced Cheick Kongo at Bellator 179 on May 19 , 2017 . He lost the fight via split decision .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Sakai made his promotional debut against Chase Sherman on September 22 , 2018 , at UFC Fight Night 137 . He won the fight via TKO in the third round .
Sakai faced Andrei Arlovski on April 27 , 2019 at UFC Fight Night : Jacaré vs. Hermansson . He won the fight via split decision .
In his third fight for the promotion , Sakai faced Marcin Tybura on September 14 , 2019 at UFC Fight Night 158 . He won the fight via knockout in the first round . Subsequently , Sakai signed a new , six-fight contract with the UFC .
Sakai was scheduled to face Blagoy Ivanov on May 9 , 2020 at then UFC 250 . Due to the event being relocated to the United States , Sakai being unable to compete due to visa issues . However , on April 9 , Dana White , the president of UFC announced that this event was postponed and eventually the bout took place on May 30 , 2020 at UFC on ESPN : Woodley vs. Burns . He won the fight via a split decision .
Sakai faced Alistair Overeem on September 5 , 2020 at UFC Fight Night 176 . Despite his early success , he was eventually dominated by the veteran and lost the fight via technical knockout in the fifth round .
Sakai was expected to face Shamil Abdurakhimov on May 1 , 2021 at UFC on ESPN 23 . However Abdurakhimov pulled out of the bout with visa issues , and Sakai instead faced Jairzinho Rozenstruik on June 5 , 2021 at UFC Fight Night : Rozenstruik vs. Sakai . He lost the fight via knockout with one second left in the first round .
Sakai was expected to face Tai Tuivasa on November 20 , 2021 at UFC Fight Night 198 . However due to visa issues for Tuivasa , the bout was scrapped . The pair was rescheduled and met on December 11 , 2021 at UFC 269 . Sakai lost the fight via knockout in the second round .
Sakai faced Sergey Spivak on August 6 , 2022 at UFC on ESPN 40 . He lost the fight via technical knockout in round two .
Personal life
Sakai is the grandson of Japanese immigrants to Brazil and he works at an aquarium store between fights .
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 15–5–1
|Sergey Spivak
|TKO ( punches )
|UFC on ESPN : Santos vs. Hill
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3:42
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Loss
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 15–4–1
|Tai Tuivasa
|KO ( punches )
|UFC 269
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 0:26
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Loss
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 15–3–1
|Jairzinho Rozenstruik
|TKO ( punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Rozenstruik vs. Sakai
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 4:59
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Loss
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 15–2–1
|Alistair Overeem
|TKO ( elbows and punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Overeem vs. Sakai
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 0:26
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 15–1–1
|Blagoy Ivanov
|Decision ( split )
|UFC on ESPN : Woodley vs. Burns
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 14–1–1
|Marcin Tybura
|KO ( punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Cowboy vs. Gaethje
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 0:59
|Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 13–1–1
|Andrei Arlovski
|Decision ( split )
|UFC Fight Night : Jacaré vs. Hermansson
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
|Sunrise , Florida , United States
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 12–1–1
|Chase Sherman
|TKO ( punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Santos vs. Anders
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 4:03
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 11–1–1
|Marcos Conrado
|TKO ( punches )
|Dana White 's Contender Series Brazil 1
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3:09
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' |
|Tiago Cardoso
|TKO ( punches )
|Imortal FC 7
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2:17
|São José dos Pinhais , Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 9–1–1
|Cheick Kongo
|Decision ( split )
|Bellator 179
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
|London , England
|
|-
|Draw
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 9–0–1
|Dan Charles
|Draw ( majority )
|Bellator 155
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
|Boise , Idaho , United States
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 9–0
| Alex Huddleston
| Decision ( unanimous )
| Bellator 145
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
| St. Louis , Missouri , United States
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 8–0
| Daniel Gallemore
| TKO ( retirement )
| Bellator 139
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
| Mulvane , Kansas , United States
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 7–0
| Matt Frembling
| TKO ( knees and punches )
| Bellator 122
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3:32
| Temecula , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 6–0
| Edison Lopes
| Decision ( unanimous )
| Golden Fighters 8
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5:00
| Novo Hamburgo , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 5–0
| Rob Horton
| KO ( knee )
| Bellator 94
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 4:01
| Tampa , Florida , United States
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 4–0
| Arley Simetti
| KO ( knee )
| Samurai FC 9 : Water vs. Fire
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2:04
| Curitiba , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 3–0
| Dayvisson Daniel
| TKO ( punches )
| Evolution Fight Combat 3
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 0:00
| Curitiba , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 2–0
| Marcio Fernando
| TKO ( punches )
| Power Fight Extreme 6
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 0:35
| Curitiba , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1–0
| Cesar Alberto
| KO ( punches )
| Adventure Fighters Tournament
|
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1
| style= '' text-align : center '' | 1:54
| Curitiba , Brazil
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1991 births
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Living people
Sportspeople from Curitiba
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
The Apostolic Vicariate ( or Vicariate Apostolic ) of Vientiane ( ; ) is a territorial jurisdiction of the Catholic Church located in northern Laos .
As an apostolic vicariate , it is a pre-diocesan jurisdiction , entitled to a titular bishop , and it is exempt , i.e. , not part of any ecclesiastical province and instead directly dependent on the Holy See through the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples .
The Apostolic Vicariate 's episcopal cathedral see is Sacred Heart Cathedral in Vientiane , one of the country 's largest churches . Cardinal Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun is its apostolic vicar .
Statistics
The vicariate covers 74,195 km² in the civil Laotian provinces of Houaphan , Xiangkhoang , Vientiane Province , Vientiane Prefecture and most of Bolikhamsai .
As per 2014 it pastorally served 14,947 Catholics ( 0.7 % of 2,216,558 total ) in 23 parishes with 5 priests ( 1 diocesan , 4 religious ) and 24 lay religious ( 4 brothers , 20 sisters ) .
History
The vicariate dates back to the Apostolic Prefecture of Vientiane and Luang-Prabang , which was created on June 14 , 1938 , by splitting off the northern part of the Apostolic Vicariate of Laos .
On March 13 , 1952 , it was elevated to an Apostolic vicariate and renamed Vientiane after its largest city , the Laotian national capital .
The northern part around Luang Prabang was split off on March 3 , 1963 , to establish the Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang , which since then has often been held in personal union with Vientiane or by an Apostolic administrator .
Ordinaries
Apostolic Prefect of Vientiane and Luang-Prabang
Giovanni Enrico Mazoyer , O.M.I . ( 1938-1952 )
Apostolic Vicars of Vientiane
Etienne-Auguste-Germain Loosdregt , O.M.I . ( 1952-1975 )
Thomas Nantha ( 1975-1984 )
Jean Khamsé Vithavong , O.M.I . ( 1984-2017 )
Cardinal Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun , I.V.D . ( 2017–present )
Coadjutor Bishop
Jean Khamsé Vithavong , O.M.I . ( 1982-1984 )
Auxiliary Bishop
Lionello Berti , O.M.I . ( 1962-1963 ) , appointed Apostolic Vicar of Luang Prabang
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Laos
Sources and external links
GCatholic , with Google satellite photo
Catholic hierarchy
Apostolic vicariates
Roman Catholic dioceses in Laos
Religious organizations established in 1938
Vientiane
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1938 establishments in Laos
Air Warning Squadron 9 ( AWS-9 ) was a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron during World War II . The squadron 's primary mission was to provide aerial surveillance and early warning of approaching enemy aircraft during amphibious assaults . Formed in April 1944 , the squadron did not deploy overseas until after the end of the war . It arrived in Tokyo Bay to take part in the occupation of Japan only to find out it was not required . The squadron returned to the U.S. and was decommissioned shortly after in December 1945 . To date , no other Marine Corps squadron has carried the lineage and honors of AWS-9 to include the former Marine Air Control Squadron 9 ( MACS-9 ) .
Equipment
AN/TTQ-1 - transportable filter and operations center .
2 x SCR-270s - long range early warning radar .
1 x SCR-527 - medium-range early warning radar used for ground-controlled interception ( GCI ) .
3 x SCR-602s - Light-weight early warning radar to be utilized during the initial stages of an amphibious assault .
Mission
History
Organization and training
Air Warning Squadron 9 was commissioned on April 1 , 1944 , as part of Marine Air Warning Group 1 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point , North Carolina . On April 21 the squadron moved to Marine Corps Outlying Field Oak Grove in Pollocksville , North Carolina . Air Warning Group 1 maintained its training equipment at the Pollocksville site and each new Air Warning Squadron commissioned rotated through for their first familiarization on the gear . While there the squadron conducted more than 250 day interception and 84 night interceptions while working with VMF-511 , VMF-512 , VMF-513 , VMF-514 , VMF-314 and VMF-324 . On May 27 , 1944 , the squadron returned to MCAS Cherry Point in preparation for transfer to the west coast .
AWS-9 departed North Carolina via rail on June 5 , 1944 , arriving at Marine Corps Air Depot Miramar , California on June 10 . At Miramar , AWS-9 fell under the command of Air Warning Group 2 . In early June the squadron began drawing training equipment from AWG-2 in preparation for additional training throughout Southern California . Besides MCAD Miramar , the squadron also sent training detachments to Camp Callan near La Jolla and Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton . On November 10 , 1944 , the squadron 's duties were changed to that of a replacement training squadron for air warning personnel . The squadron was relocated to Marine Corps Auxiliary Airfield Gillespie just south east of MCAD Miramar in January 1945 .
Deployment to the Pacific and decommissioning
On February 1 , 1945 , the squadron was reverted to being a combat squadron and began preparing for deployment to the Pacific Theater . The squadron sent detachments to Ream Field in Imperial Beach and Camp Callan . In April the squadron began training on new radar equipment fielded to include the SK-1M , SP-1M , and AN/TPS-1B . On May 15 the squadron received a warning order to be prepared to deploy overseas . 2 officers and 29 enlisted Marines departed San Diego May 28 on board the USS Algol ( AKA-54 ) and the remaining 27 officers and 285 enlisted men departed on May 30 on board the USS Cleburne ( APA-73 ) .
AWS-9 Marine disembarked at Pearl Harbor between Jun 4-6 and moved to Marine Corps Air Station Ewa where it fell under the command of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing . While at MCAS Ewa the squadron went to the field for additional training on nighttime GCI . On August 23 , the squadron received a warning order which cancelled all training and order preparation for immediate embarkation on amphibious shipping . Squadron departed Pearl Harbor on September 13 onboard LST 487 & LST-564 . The LSTs arrived at the fleet anchorage at Eniwetok Atoll on September 23 and remained there until October 7 . On October 18 AWS-9 arrived in Tokyo Bay off Yokosuka Naval Base . Marine Aircraft Group 31 ( MAG-31 ) informed squadron leadership at that time that its services were not required for occupation duty .
AWS-9 was decommissioned on December 8 , 1945 .
Commanding officers
Capt Leon H. Connell - April 1 , 1944 – February 16 , 1945
Capt William A. McCluskey - February 17 , 1945 - Unknown
Notable former members
Edward S. Fris - later became a lieutenant general in the Marine Corps serving as the Deputy Commandant for Aviation .
Unit awards
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited . Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation . What follows is an incomplete list of the awards AWS-9 has been presented with :
See also
Aviation combat element
United States Marine Corps Aviation
List of United States Marine Corps aviation support units
Citations
References
Bibliography
Radar
Inactive units of the United States Marine Corps
Military units and formations established in 1944
Myrmica salina is a species of ant belonging to the genus Myrmica . They have a wide distribution in Europe and Siberia , as well as being abundant to several former republics of the Soviet Union , where their preferred habitats are relatively wet halophyte biotopes . Ruzsky first described the first specimen of the species in 1905 .
Taxonomy
M. Ruzsky first described the first M. salina specimen in 1905 . The taxonomic history for M. salina is complicated as the type specimens have been presumed to be lost , and the original description of the species was ambiguous . Since being described , the ant has three synonyms , being Myrmica scabrinodis ahngeri , by Karavaiev in 1926 , Myrmica georgica by Seifert in 1987 , and more recently in 2004 , with Myrmica tobiasi by Radchenko and Elmes .
Description
The appearance of M. salina is similar to that of the ants Myrmica scabrinodis , but in comparison to its other relative , Myrmica slovaca , its appearance is much different . The description on the M. salina below is based on the original publications of Ruszky , as well as comments mentioned in Radchenko and Elmes ' ( 2010 ) publication :
The descriptions of M. slaina ants were based on worker , queen and males collected from various places in Siberia and Kazakhstan . Worker ants had an average length of 4.7–5 mm in length , with brownish-red colors , along with dark brown or blackish-brown head dorsum and first gastral segment . The antennae , mandibles , leg , apex and gaster are of a lighter color . Queens and males are of a same size , usually around 5–6 mm in length . The queen has similar features to the workers , with the exception of its color appearance much darker than its worker counterparts , as well as its antennal scape thickening in the middle .
Distribution
Myrmica salina has been observed only in wet and damp habitats , usually seen foraging or even nesting in halophyte and biotope environments , in which these habitats were studied in West Siberia and Kazakhstan . Their type habitat is salt marsh , where they nest in soil and under rocks , in grass turf , mostly lasine soil . The distribution of M. salina is mainly in Central Europe and East Europe , where they are found in the European countries of Austria , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Croatia , Romania and Russia ( also found in the Asian part of Russia ) , while in Asia ( notably countries of the former Soviet Union ) they are found in Georgia , Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan .
Etymology
From medieval Latin , salina is translated to `` salt pan '' , or salted place derived from the Latin word salis , which means salt . The name describes the ants type habitat `` salted marsh '' .
References
External links
Myrmica
Hymenoptera of Europe
Insects of Asia
Fauna of Georgia ( country )
Insects of Central Asia
Fauna of Romania
Insects of Russia
Insects described in 1905
Steven John Talboys ( 18 September 1966 – 31 July 2019 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
He notably played in the Premier League for Wimbledon and in the Football League for Watford , prior to this period he had an extensive career in non-league football and would return to semi-professional football after leaving Watford in 1998. Notable non-league sides include Forest Green Rovers , Bath City , Gloucester City , Aldershot Town , Sutton United and Boreham Wood .
Playing career
He was born in Bristol , England and played for a large number of clubs , mostly in non-league , but played 26 times in the FA Premier League for Wimbledon during the 1990s , and then made a small number of appearances in the third tier of English football for Watford .
He also played semi-professionally for Forest Green Rovers , Mangotsfield United , Bath City , Trowbridge Town , Aldershot Town , Gloucester City , Kingstonian , Sutton United , Paulton Rovers , Boreham Wood , Carshalton Athletic , Hampton & Richmond Borough and Staines Town .
Personal life
Talboys worked as a development executive for Aon Sports .
Death
Talboys died on 31 July 2019 , aged 52 , in Spain .
References
External links
Since 1888 ... The Searchable Premiership and Football League Player Database ( subscription required )
Steve Talboys ( Gloucester ) statistics
1966 births
2019 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Premier League players
Forest Green Rovers F.C . players
Mangotsfield United F.C . players
Bath City F.C . players
Trowbridge Town F.C . players
Gloucester City A.F.C . players
Wimbledon F.C . players
Watford F.C . players
Aldershot Town F.C . players
Kingstonian F.C . players
Sutton United F.C . players
Paulton Rovers F.C . players
Boreham Wood F.C . players
Carshalton Athletic F.C . players
Hampton & Richmond Borough F.C . players
Staines Town F.C . players
Footballers from Bristol
Costa Rica competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 to 21 August 2016 . This was the nation 's fifteenth appearance at the Summer Olympics , since its debut in 1936 .
Costa Rican Olympic Committee ( ) selected a squad of 11 athletes , six men and five women , to compete in six different sports at the Games . This was approximately the same size as the previous Games , with the addition of two female athletes and the difference of two males . Among the sports represented by the athletes , Costa Rica marked its Olympic debut in beach volleyball .
Nearly half of the Costa Rican roster had competed in London 2012 , with sprinter Nery Brenes leading the athletes as the most experienced member and the nation 's flag bearer in the opening ceremony at his third Games .
For the fourth consecutive time , Costa Rica left Rio de Janeiro without a single Olympic medal . Unable to reach the final , Brenes was the only athlete to produce the best finish for the Costa Rican squad at the Games , placing sixth each in the semifinal heat of both the men 's 200 and 400 metres .
Athletics ( track and field )
Costa Rican athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events ( up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event ) :
Track & road events
Field events
Cycling
Road
Costa Rica has qualified one rider in the men 's Olympic road race by virtue of his top 5 national ranking in the 2015 UCI America Tour .
Mountain biking
Costa Rica has qualified one mountain biker for the men 's Olympic cross-country race , by virtue of a top two national finish , not yet qualified , at the 2015 Pan American Championships .
Judo
Costa Rica has qualified one judoka for the men 's lightweight category ( 73 kg ) at the Games . Miguel Murillo earned a continental quota spot from the Pan American region as highest-ranked Costa Rican judoka outside of direct qualifying position in the IJF World Ranking List of 30 May 2016 .
Swimming
Costa Rica has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send a female swimmer to the Olympics .
Triathlon
Costa Rica has entered one triathlete to compete at the Games . London 2012 Olympian Leonardo Chacón was ranked among the top 40 eligible triathletes in the men 's event based on the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of 15 May 2016 .
Volleyball
Beach
Costa Rica women 's beach volleyball team qualified directly for the Olympics by winning the final match over Mexico at the 2016 NORCECA Continental Cup in Guaymas , Mexico , signifying the nation 's Olympic debut in the sport .
See also
Costa Rica at the 2015 Pan American Games
Costa Rica at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
2016 in Costa Rican sport
Loyalties is a 1922 play by the British writer John Galsworthy . It was staged at St Martins Theatre and ran for over a year . Galsworthy described it as `` the only play of mine which I was able to say , when I finished it , no manager will refuse this '' . The original West End cast included Ernest Milton , Edmund Breon , Eric Maturin , Malcolm Keen , Ian Hunter , Cathleen Nesbitt , Beatrix Thomson and Meggie Albanesi .
Adaptations
In 1933 it was made into a film Loyalties directed by Basil Dean and starring Basil Rathbone .
In 1976 , BBC Television broadcast a version as part of their Play of the Month series . This production starred Edward Fox , Polly Adams . It was directed by Rudolph Cartier and produced by Cedric Messina .
References
Bibliography
Cody , Gabrielle H. & Sprinchorn , Evert . The Columbia encyclopedia of modern drama , Volume 1 . Columbia University Press , 2007 .
Wearing , J.P . The London Stage 1920–1929 : A Calendar of Productions , Performers , and Personnel . Rowman & Littlefield , 2014 .
External links
Plays by John Galsworthy
1922 plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays about race and ethnicity
West End plays
The 1982 CFL Draft composed of six rounds where 72 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA . A total of 18 players were selected as territorial exemptions , with every team making at least one selection during this stage of the draft .
Territorial exemptions
Toronto Argonauts Geoff Townsend TB Boston College
Toronto Argonauts Stephen Delcol DT Simon Fraser
Montreal Concordes Luc Tousignant QB Fairmont State
Calgary Stampeders Ken Moore TE Hawaii
Calgary Stampeders Greg Peterson DB Brigham Young University
Calgary Stampeders Kevin Molle OL Fresno State
Saskatchewan Roughriders Brent Molnar OL Minot State
British Columbia Lions Dennis Guevin OT Simon Fraser
British Columbia Lions Gerald Roper G Arizona
Winnipeg Blue Bombers Milson Jones TB North Dakota
Winnipeg Blue Bombers Stan Mikawos DT North Dakota
Hamilton Tiger-Cats Kari Yli-Renko T Cincinnati
Ottawa Rough Riders Mark Seale DT Richmond
Ottawa Rough Riders Kevin Dalliday G/DT Carleton
Ottawa Rough Riders Ron St. Poulton DB McGill
Edmonton Eskimos Nereo Bolzon LB Alberta
Edmonton Eskimos Peter Eshenko WR Alberta
Edmonton Eskimos Greg Marshall FB Western Ontario
1st round
2nd Round
10 . Edmonton Eskimos Harry Doering DE Guelph
11 . Montreal Alouettes Clint Van Ostrand OL Whitworth
12 . Calgary Stampeders Robert Waite DL British Columbia
13 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Gerald Prud'homme WR Concordia
14 . British Columbia Lions Don Moen DB British Columbia
15 . Winnipeg Blue Bombers Derek Faggiani DT Simon Fraser
16 . Hamilton Tiger-Cats Dave Zilli LB Toronto
17 . Hamilton Tiger-Cats Peter Langford DE Guelph
18 . Edmonton Eskimos Mark Debrueys TE Western Ontario
3rd Round
19 . Calgary Stampeders Phil Charron WR Bishop 's
20 . Toronto Argonauts Marc Lemery LB McGill
21 . Calgary Stampeders Dave Amer WR Bishop 's
22 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Mike Hughes T Sheridan
23 . British Columbia Lions Ryan Potter TB Western Ontario
24 . Winnipeg Blue Bombers Dan Bowes DE McMaster
25 . British Columbia Lions Bernie Jolette LB Ottawa
26 . Ottawa Rough Riders Terry Cahill DB East Stroudsberg State
27 . Edmonton Eskimos Peter Janiuk G York
4th Round
28 . British Columbia Lions David Singh TB British Columbia
29 . Montreal Alouettes Larry Stewart T Saint Mary 's
30 . Calgary Stampeders Rod Ambrose G Manitoba
31 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Pierre Lord WR Fairmount State
32 . British Columbia Lions Dave Leuty WR Western Ontario
33 . Winnipeg Blue Bombers Darrin Boivin DL Manitoba
34 . Hamilton Tiger-Cats David McCann WR Western Ontario
35 . Ottawa Rough Riders Bruce Milks DB South Arkansas
36 . Edmonton Eskimos David Sauve DE Harvard
5th Round
37 . Saskatchewan Roughriders James Williams DE Acadia
38 . Montreal Concordes Carmen Salvatore DB Wilfrid Laurier
39 . Calgary Stampeders Denis Tardif LB McGill
40 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Kevin Rydeard DB Western Ontario
41 . British Columbia Lions Tony Prencipe LB Manitoba
42 . Winnipeg Blue Bombers Sam Papaconstantinou LB Toronto
43 . Hamilton Tiger-Cats Dave Purve TE Simon Fraser
44 . Ottawa Rough Riders Terry Elik LB Simon Fraser
45 . Edmonton Eskimos Barry Quarrel DB Wilfrid Laurier
6th Round
46 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Paul Starkey C Eastern Oregon
47 . Montreal Concordes Fred West DE Wilfrid Laurier
48 . Calgary Stampeders Stuart Maclean LB Acadia
49 . Saskatchewan Roughriders Mark Joncas DT McGill
50 . British Columbia Lions Matt Kavanaugh C Simon Fraser
51 . Winnipeg Blue Bombers Mitch Kiesman DE Manitoba
52 . Hamilton Tiger-Cats Scott Waggoner TB Florida
53 . Ottawa Rough Riders Greg Clarke QB British Columbia
54 . Edmonton Eskimos Rick Paulitsch TB Alberta
References
Canadian Draft
Canadian College Draft
Cfl Draft , 1982
Dimitri Verhulst ( born 2 October 1972 ) is a Belgian writer and poet . He is best known for his novels Problemski Hotel and The Misfortunates .
Biography
Verhulst was an unwanted child in a violent home and spent his later childhood in a foster home and a family replacing home . He grew up Catholic . As a writer , he made his debut in 1994 with the self-published Assevrijdag . In 1999 his first official publication appeared , a collection of stories about his youth , De kamer hiernaast , for which he was nominated for the NRC Literair Prijs . The novel Niets , niemand en redelijk stil ( 2000 ) is also about his youth , but De verveling van de keeper ( 2002 ) signals a change in form and is characterized by great social and political involvement . In 2001 , Verhulst published Liefde , tenzij anders vermeld , a collection of poetry .
His breakthrough to the general public was in 2003 , with Problemski Hotel ( translated as Problemski Hotel ) , about residents of an asylum-seekers ' centre in Arendonk ( Belgium ) . The book was translated into more than ten languages . Belgian filmmaker Manu Riche made a movie based on the book , which is to premiere in January 2016 . In 2006 his novel De helaasheid der dingen ( translated as The Misfortunates ) was published , and also the novella Mevrouw Verona daalt de heuvel af ( translated as Madame Verona Comes Down the Hill ) . In 2008 , Godverdomse dagen op een godverdomse bol ( `` Goddamn days on a goddamn globe '' ) was published , for which Verhulst won the 2009 Libris Prize ; Verhulst wrote the 2015 Boekenweekgeschenk , De zomer hou je ook niet tegen . His 2015 novel Bloedboek ( `` Bloodbook '' ) , a retelling of the Pentateuch , was praised in De Morgen for its amusement value ; in the Dutch daily Trouw it was called a `` gruesome bible '' , with the interviewer questioning Verhulst about his use of terms such as `` Final solution '' in retelling the first five books of the bible . Verhulst responded that he used the `` worldwide language of genocide '' .
Verhulst publishes on a regular basis in the literary journals Underground , Nieuw Wereldtijdschrift and De Brakke Hond . For Underground he is also an editor . He lives and works in Huccorgne .
Writing style
Verhulst 's writing style has been characterized as sarcastic but compassionate . His use of language can be explicit and hilarious . Belgian writer Louis Paul Boon is a source of inspiration for Verhulst .
His writing is controversial , and Verhulst was twice summoned to court .
On 27 July 2019 , Verhulst published a newspaper column in the Belgian daily De Morgen about Palestinian modern literature . In this column by Verhulst , he claimed to quote Serge Gainsbourg writing that : `` `` Jood-zijn is geen godsdienst ; er is geen enkele God die Zijn schepsels zo'n lelijke neus zou geven . '' ( Translated : `` Being Jewish is not a religion ; there is no God who would give His creatures such an ugly nose . '' ) According to The Times of Israel , this was not Gainsbourgs original quote and Verhulst accused Israeli Jews of various crimes in his columns . The Times of Israel stated the Forum of Jewish Organizations of Belgium 's Flemish region accused Verhulst of expressing “ rabid anti-Semitism ” in his column and the Dutch Chief Rabbi Binyomin Jacobs called the column “ pure anti-Semitism . ''
Bibliography
Assevrijdag ( 1994 )
De kamer hiernaast ( 1999 )
Niets , niemand en redelijk stil ( 2001 )
Liefde , tenzij anders vermeld ( 2001 , poetry )
De verveling van de keeper ( 2002 )
Problemski Hotel ( 2003 )
Dinsdagland ( 2004 )
De aankomst in de bleke morgen op dat bleke plein ( Aalst ) ( 2005 , play )
Yerma vraagt een toefeling ( 2005 , translation of Yerma by Federico García Lorca )
Boekendiefstal is een zegen voor de middenstand ( 2005 )
De helaasheid der dingen ( 2006 , The Misfortunates ; there is also a 2009 film version called The Misfortunates )
Mevrouw Verona daalt de heuvel af ( 2006 , Madame Verona Comes Down the Hill )
Godverdomse dagen op een godverdomse bol ( 2008 )
De laatste liefde van mijn moeder ( 2010 )
De zeven laatste zinnen ( 2010 )
Monoloog van iemand die het gewoon werd tegen zichzelf te praten ( 2011 )
De intrede van Christus in Brussel ( 2011 , Entry of Christ into Brussels )
De laatkomer ( 2013 )
Kaddisj voor een kut ( 2014 )
Bloedboek ( 2015 )
De zomer hou je ook niet tegen ( 2015 , Boekenweekgeschenk )
Het leven gezien van beneden ( 2016 )
Spoo Pee Doo ( 2016 )
Stoppen met roken in 87 gedichten ( 2017 )
De pruimenpluk ( 2019 )
Hebben en zijn ( 2022 )
Awards
Publieksprijs Gouden Uil for De helaasheid der dingen ( 2007 )
De Inktaap for De helaasheid der dingen ( 2008 )
Beste Boek 2008 HUMO 's Pop Poll for Godverdomse dagen op een godverdomse bol ( 2009 )
Libris Literatuurprijs for Godverdomse dagen op een godverdomse bol ( 2009 )
See also
Flemish literature
References
1972 births
Flemish poets
Libris Prize winners
Living people
People from Aalst , Belgium
20th-century Belgian writers
Julian O'Neill ( born 24 July 1973 ) is a former United States international rugby league footballer who spent most of his career playing in the Super League . His position of preference was at .
Background
O'Neill was born in Auckland , New Zealand .
Early years
After attending Liston College , O'Neil started his career with the Marist Saints before making the Waitakere City Raiders side in the Lion Red Cup .
He was an Auckland Warrior 1995-1996 where he played a crucial role in laying a platform for the reserve grade to reach the 1996 grand final .
Playing career
St Helens
In 1997 O'Neill moved to England and joined the St. Helens in the Super League competition where he gained the club 's highest tackler and most offloads in the 1997 season . He played for St. Helens at prop forward in their 1999 Super League Grand Final victory over Bradford Bulls .
O'Neill went on to play in 82 games for the Saints , including being involved in the side that won the 1997 Challenge Cup and 1999 's Super League IV title . Having won the 1999 Championship , St. Helens contested in the 2000 World Club Challenge against National Rugby League Premiers the Melbourne Storm , with O'Neill playing at prop forward in the loss . O'Neill played for St. Helens at prop forward in their 2000 Super League Grand Final victory over Wigan Warriors .
Widnes
In 2001 O'Neill joined the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats but at the end of the 2001 season was signed by Widnes Vikings to boost their forward pack .
O'Neill spent four years at the Vikings , playing in 96 games for the club . In 2003 he played alongside namesake Julian O'Neill , who adopted the nickname Jules to avoid confusion .
Return to Auckland
In 2006 he returned to Auckland , playing for the Auckland Lions in the Bartercard Cup . He also made the New Zealand Residents side that competed in the 2006 Trans Tasman Quadrangular Series . He scored a try in the Auckland Lions 2007 Bartercard Cup Grand Final win over Harbour League .
In 2009 O'Neill played in the Fox Memorial competition for the Mt Albert Lions and was awarded Man of the match .
Representative career
O'Nell represented NZ playing for the residents team in 1996 and again in 2006
O'Neill also represented the United States national rugby league team .
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
2001 Super League Team-by-team guide
1973 births
Living people
Auckland rugby league team players
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Marist Saints players
Mount Albert Lions players
New Zealand expatriate rugby league players
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
New Zealand people of American descent
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand sportsmen
People educated at Liston College
Rugby league players from Auckland
Rugby league props
St Helens R.F.C . players
United States national rugby league team players
Waitakere rugby league team players
Wakefield Trinity players
Widnes Vikings players
Bald Mountain Brook is a stream located in New York , in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County , northeast of Old Forge .
References
Rivers of Herkimer County , New York
Rivers of New York ( state )
Pio Alessandro Carlo Fulvio Filippani Ronconi ( 10 March 1920 – 11 February 2010 ) was an Italian orientalist . He was born in Madrid , Spain , and died in Rome .
Biography
He was born out of a very ancient black aristocratic family ( his father being Count Fulvio Filippani Ronconi and his mother Anita Tamagno ) , tracing back to the Roman patriciate . He grew up in Spain until the Civil War , when his mother was shot by Republicans after which he and his family returned to Italy . By this period he was competent in Italian , Spanish , Catalan , Arabic , Greek and Latin , and later studied several additional languages including Turkish , Hebrew , Chinese , Tibetan , Sanskrit and Persian among others . Due to his wide command of languages , he worked for the Italian radio company EIAR as a foreign newsreader .
At the same time , his spiritual interests brought him to study and practice the tantras , and to know Julius Evola , Arturo Reghini and other members of the Ur Group . He thoroughly studied tantrism and gnosticism , in different cultural contexts , as well as the faiths and rituals of ancient Italy , from the Iguvine Tablets to Ancient Roman religion .
When Italy entered World War II ( 10 June 1940 ) , he enlisted as a volunteer , fighting in Libya . He was wounded twice and he was decorated for his valour . After the fall of Benito Mussolini and the creation of the Italian Social Republic , he enlisted in the Italian SS-Legion , later reorganized as the 29th Division of the Waffen-SS `` Italia '' reaching the rank of Obersturmführer . He fought at Nettuno , receiving the Second-Class Iron Cross during the battle . He was probably the last surviving member of the Bataillon `` Degli Oddi '' .
After the end of the war he continued his studies , getting to know Massimo Scaligero personally and through him the works of Rudolf Steiner . He then elaborated his own conception of anthroposophy , cleansed by its Christian aspects and focused on the ancient Indo-European paganism . In 1959 he became a key pupil of Giuseppe Tucci , the most important Italian orientalist at the time . He taught both at the University of Naples `` L'Orientale '' and at the School of Orientalistics in Venice .
During the same period , he continued working for the Italian government . He was officially employed at the foreign radio office of the Prime Minister of Italy and also worked for the Italian intelligence services as translator . During the early 1950s he was sent to Persia to gather political and military information in the area . He collaborated with several Latin American intelligence services : in 1950 , he had written a report about the political and military situation of Bolivia , foreseeing a revolution which broke out several months later . He continued working for Italian intelligence until the 1970s . He also worked with the Italian Ministry of Defence , as cryptographer and translator of oriental languages .
In 1965 , he was one of the lecturers at a conference about revolutionary war held at the Hotel `` Parco dei Principi '' in Rome , which was organized by Fascist politician Pino Rauti and his Ordine Nuovo organization . He was later questioned by the court about the Piazza Fontana bombing . As his lecture was thought to have been devised and used to plan a general `` strategy of tension '' to destabilize Italian democratic system , and due to one of his students , Delfo Zorzi , being enquired for material responsibility . However inquiries proved that he was not involved in any way .
In 2000 , he entered a collaboration with the national newspaper Corriere della Sera , writing articles about Eastern philosophy , but he was dismissed from the newspaper , after a reader denounced him as serving in the Waffen-SS during World War Two .
At some point before his death in 2010 , he converted to Eastern Orthodoxy , and his funeral was conducted in accordance with the Russian Orthodox rite .
Works
Books
Avviamento allo studio del pensiero orientale , Napoli , Pironti , 1959 ( 2 vols . ) .
Storia del pensiero cinese , Torino , 1964 ( new edition : Bollati Boringhieri , 1992 ) .
Ismaeliti ed Assassini , Basilea , Thoth , 1973 ( new edition : Rimini , Il Cerchio , 2004 , ) .
Le vie del Buddhismo , Rome , Basaia , 1986 ( new edition : Genoa , ECIG , 1988 , ) .
Vak . La parola primordiale . Quattro saggi sui Tantra , Marina di Patti , 1988 .
Magia , religioni e miti dell'India , Rome , Casa del Libro , 1989 .
Miti e religioni dell'India , Rome , Newton Compton , 1992 .
Il buddhismo , storia e dottrina , Rome , 1994 ( new edition : Rome , Newton Compton , 2004 ) .
Buddha : aforismi e discorsi , Rome , Tascabili Newton , 1994 .
L'induismo , Rome , Tascabili Newton , 1994 .
Zarathustra e il Mazdeismo , Rome , Edizioni Irradiazioni , 2007 .
Un altro Islam . Mistica , metafisica e cosmologia , Rome , Edizioni Irradiazioni , 2012 .
Translations and editions
Nasir-e Hosraw , Il libro dello scioglimento e della liberazione , Napoli , Istituto Universitario Orientale , 1959 .
Sa'dî , Il roseto , Torino , Boringhieri , 1965 .
Ummu ' l-Kitab , Napoli , Istituto Universitario Orientale , 1966 .
Canone buddhista : discorsi brevi , Torino , UTET , 1968 .
Julius Evola , Lo Yoga della Potenza . Saggio sui Tantra ( introduction ) , Rome , Edizioni Mediterranee , 1968–1994 .
Upanisad antiche e medie , Torino , 1968 ( new edition : Torino , Bollati Boringhieri , 2007 ) .
Canone buddista : così è stato detto ( Itivuttaka ) , Milano , 1995 .
Buddha , La via per la saggezza . Dhamma-Pada e discorsi , Rome , Newton Compton , 2006 .
Articles
`` Note sulla costruzione del mandala con riferimento al primo capitolo del Guhyasamayantra '' , in : AION , Napoli , 1959 .
`` La cosmologia arcana degli Ismaeliti '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 7 , luglio-settembre 1972 .
`` Aspetti della teoria della parola nello Sivaismo del Kasmir '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 25 , gennaio-marzo 1977 .
`` Le cinque vie per il cuore secondo lo Scivaismo del Kashmir '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 29 , gennaio-marzo 1978 .
`` Il mezzo di Sciva ( çâmbhavôpâya ) e le vie al vuoto '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 30 , aprile-giugno 1978 .
`` Significato e valore del pensiero indiano per l'occidente '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 31 , luglio-settembre 1978 .
`` I Siddha ed i sistemi del cuore '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 32 , ottobre-dicembre 1978 .
`` Orientamenti della medicina tradizionale indiana '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 35 , luglio-settembre 1979 .
`` Psicologia fondamentale dello Shamanesimo in Asia ed in America '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 36 , ottobre-dicembre 1979 .
`` Motivi regali dall'Iran all'occidente '' ( first part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 37 , gennaio-marzo 1980 .
`` Motivi regali dall'Iran all'occidente '' ( second part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 38 , aprile-giugno1980 .
`` Diversi orizzonti per una ricerca culturale '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 40 , ottobre-dicembre 1980 .
`` Tradizione e tradizionalismi . Le non-vie degli incapaci '' , in : Solstitium , anno VIII , n. 1 , marzo 1983 .
`` I Tantra Antropologia e cosmologia '' ( first part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 52 , ottobre-dicembre 1983 .
`` I Tantra Antropologia e cosmologia '' ( second part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 53 , gennaio-marzo 1984 .
`` Il quadruplice vuoto e la Mahâmudrâ secondo il Sahajayâna '' ( first part ) , in : Graal , anno IV , n. 13–14 , 1987 .
`` Il quadruplice vuoto e la Mahâmudrâ secondo il Sahajayâna '' ( second part ) , in : Graal , anno IX , n. 36 , 1991 .
`` L'Isola Iniziatica '' , in : Graal , anno IX , n. 36 , 1991 .
`` Un tempo , un destino . Il fato singolare del barone-generale Román Fiodórovic von Unger-Sternberg '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 29 , aprile-giugno 1991 .
`` Le vie dei Tantra '' ( first part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 83 , luglio-settembre 1991 .
`` Le vie dei Tantra '' ( second part ) , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 84 , ottobre-dicembre 1991 .
`` Memorie religiose di Roma '' , in Futuro presente , n. 3 , autunno 1993 .
`` La coscienza-deposito ( Alaya-Vijnana ) quale fondamento epistemologico della realtà '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 94 , aprile-giugno 1994 .
`` Appunti sull'arte regia : concentrazione , meditazione , contemplazione '' , in : Mos Maiorum , n. 3 , dicembre 1994 .
`` L'esilio occidentale e il ritrovamento della luce . Variazioni sul tema dell'Isola Iniziatica '' , in : Mos Maiorum , n. 4 , marzo 1995 .
`` La metafisica del sacro . Il fuoco vedico '' , in : Mos Maiorum , anno II , aprile 1995 .
`` Valore della Speculazione Indiana Tradizionale per il Moderno Occidente '' , in Heliodromos , n. 8 , autunno 1995 .
`` La concezione sacrale della Terra in Asia in particolare in India e Iran '' , in : Vie della Tradizione , n. 107 , luglio-settembre 1997 .
`` La immaginazione quale poiesis del sacro nella meditazione filosofica indiana e nella gnosi islamica '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 3 , marzo-maggio 1998 .
`` Le radici storiche e culturali dell'arditismo '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 4 , giugno-agosto 1998 .
`` Orientamenti epistemologici della medicina indiana '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 5 , gennaio 1999 .
`` Mondo simbolico e mondo reale '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 6 , aprile 1999 .
`` La tipologia del guerriero '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 7 , luglio 1999 .
`` Psicologia e metafisica della guerra d'ogni tempo '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 7 , luglio 1999 .
`` L'esperienza `` gnostica '' del pensiero orientale '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 9 , gennaio 2000 .
`` L'assurdo come doppia dimensione del reale in Franz Kafka '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 10 , primavera 2000 .
`` La 29ª divisione granatieri SS '' , in : Arthos , Genova , n. 7–8 , gennaio-dicembre 2000 .
`` Massimo Scaligero Amico e Maestro '' , in L'Archetipo , anno VI , n. 3 , gennaio 2001 .
`` Julius Evola : per una impersonalità attiva '' , in : Julius Evola un pensiero per la fine del millennio , 2001 .
`` Agni-Ignis . Metafisica del Fuoco Sacro '' , in La Cittadella , anno I , n. 4 , ottobre-dicembre 2001 .
`` L'oro , la moneta , la ricchezza '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , n. 20 , primavera 2002 .
`` I consigli per la vita militare di Pio Filippani-Ronconi '' , in La Cittadella , anno II , n. 8 , ottobre-dicembre 2002 .
`` In 7 punti : l'oro , la moneta , la ricchezza '' , in : L'Archetipo , anno VIII , n. 6 , giugno 2003 .
`` Le radici storiche e culturali dell'arditismo '' , in La Cittadella , anno V , n. 17 , gennaio-marzo 2005 .
`` Il barone Román Fiodórovic von Ungern-Sternberg '' , in : Letteratura-Tradizione , anno II , n. 9 , gennaio 2007 .
`` I molteplici stati di coscienza nello Yoga e nello sciamanesimo '' , in : Simmetria , n. 3 , ottobre 2010 .
Bibliography
References
1920 births
2010 deaths
Italian military personnel of World War II
SS-Obersturmführer
Recipients of the Iron Cross ( 1939 ) , 2nd class
Italian orientalists
Italian anti-communists
Italian Waffen-SS personnel
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Italy
Converts to Eastern Orthodoxy from paganism
Modern Pagan writers
Spanish emigrants to Italy
Italian Modern Pagans
