Hatchet for the Honeymoon ( ) is a 1970 giallo film directed by Mario Bava and starring Stephen Forsyth , Dagmar Lassander , Laura Betti , and Femi Benussi . The story follows John Harrington , a hatchet-wielding madman who murders young brides in an effort to recall a childhood trauma .
The film 's production was troubled , with tensions among the cast and crew , location difficulties , a major subplot concerning Harrington 's relationship with his wife being added solely to accommodate Betti 's casting , and a significant hiatus in filming when the budget ran out . It was not released until a year after it was completed , and was largely ignored by both critics and audiences , remaining one of Bava 's most obscure films even after his work achieved cult popularity .
Plot
John Harrington is a handsome , 30-year-old man who feels compelled to murder young brides to remember details of a childhood trauma . John lives in a spacious villa outside Paris , where he manages a bridal dress factory belonging to his deceased mother and financially supported by his wife Mildred . He and Mildred are ill-matched , but she refuses to consider his appeals for a divorce . Whenever he hears that one of the models working at the dress factory is to be married , he hacks her to death with a meat cleaver while she is wearing her bridal gown , burns the body in the furnace of his greenhouse , and uses the ashes as fertilizer . Each murder gives him a slightly clearer image of his traumatic memory . Inspector Russell frequently drops by to question John about the six models who have disappeared from his bridal salon , but with a lack of hard evidence , can not arrest him .
At his office , John meets Helen Wood , who has come to apply for the job `` vacated '' by one of the mysteriously disappeared models . Impressed by her wit and beauty , John hires her . Over the next few days , John falls in love with Helen . After dropping Mildred off at the airport for a weeklong vacation , he takes Helen out to dinner . He returns to find Mildred at home ; she reveals that the vacation was a ruse , and she took the next flight back in hopes of catching him in the act of infidelity . Feeling entrapped by Mildred 's constant presence , he dons a wedding gown and hacks her to death with the cleaver . He buries her in the grounds of the greenhouse .
Everyone John speaks to sees Mildred , very much alive , but John can not see or hear her . He burns Mildred 's remains in the furnace and keeps the ashes in a handbag , but she continues to haunt him until he scatters the ashes over a river and discards the handbag . When John attempts to murder another woman , he is foiled by Inspector Russell . His urges thus frustrated , when he returns home to find Helen waiting for him , he can not repress the desire to murder her as a substitute . He takes Helen to the same concealed room where he murdered most of the models . After convincing her to change into a wedding dress , he tells Helen that he never wanted to hurt her , but wants to `` fit this last piece into place . '' He strikes at Helen with the cleaver . She blocks the blow , but the initial surge finally restores John 's memory : as a young boy , upset by his mother 's remarrying , he killed her and his stepfather with a cleaver .
Helen lets Inspector Russell and a team of policemen into the room ; Russell had convinced her to take part in this sting operation before John had hired her . John is loaded into a police van with two policemen escorting him . One of them sets the handbag with Mildred 's ashes down beside John . Mildred appears , this time to John only . She tells him that now they will be together forever , `` first in the insane asylum , and then in Hell for all eternity '' . John goes berserk with terror .
Cast
Stephen Forsyth as John Harrington
Dagmar Lassander as Helen Wood
Laura Betti as Mildred Harrington
Jesús Puente as Inspector Russell
Femi Benussi as Alice Norton
Antonia Mas as Louise
Luciano Pigozzi ( as Alan Collin ) as Vences
Gérard Tichy as Dr. Kalleway
Verónica Llimerá as Betsy
Ignasi Abadal ( as José Ignacio Abadaz ) as Jimmy Kane
Silvia Lienas as Vicky
Production
Hatchet for the Honeymoon was initiated by Spanish producer Manuel Caño , who interested director Mario Bava in Santiago Moncada 's script . During preproduction , Laura Betti ( who had recently won the prestigious Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the 29th Venice International Film Festival for Teorema ) telephoned Bava and asked for a role in his next film . Betti explained :
Bava wanted to work with Betti immediately , but Moncada 's script had no role remotely suitable for her , so he came up with the subplot involving Mildred Harrington in order to cast her . Having been promised she would be the female lead , and having met the producers ' requirement that she lose 25 pounds before filming , Dagmar Lassander was incensed when she saw that the revised script sidelined her character in favor of Betti . This , along with the fact that she was Caño 's lover at the time and a language barrier due to her only speaking German and some English , led to her having antagonistic relations with Bava and Betti on set ; she later successfully sued Caño for failing in his promise to make her the film 's top-billed actress . At least one scene , in which John introduces Helen to Inspector Russell , was added solely to appease Lassander by giving her more screen time .
Lead actor Stephen Forsyth recalled that Bava did not give him detailed direction on set . When he approached Bava privately , he revealed that Bava `` smiled and he said , 'Listen , if you were doing anything wrong , if there was anything I had to tell you , I would tell you . ' ''
Hatchet for the Honeymoon had the least money allotted for special effects of any film directed by Bava , so nearly all of the visual effects were achieved in-camera , usually by rapidly adjusting the focus , or shooting through distorted lenses .
Principal photography took place from September to October 1968 primarily in Barcelona , under the working title Un'accetta per la luna di miele ( literally `` A hatchet for the honeymoon '' ) . The villa of Francisco Franco served as the Harrington household . The cast and director both described the villa 's atmosphere as oppressive , with armed guards constantly present to ensure they did not shoot on the upstairs floors or damage the furnishings . The discothèque scenes were filmed at Balcazar Studios , also in Barcelona , before the crew moved on to the Villa Frascatti in Rome in order to shoot the scenes at the Harrington household which the restrictions at the Franco villa would not allow them to capture . These include all the scenes in the bathroom , bedroom , and mannequin-filled room .
Caño decided to set the story in Paris , so a second unit led by Bava 's assistant director and son Lamberto was sent there to capture some exterior scenes . By this time , the film 's budget had run out , and Forsyth had been working without pay for two weeks . He accompanied the crew to Paris , but refused to take part in the shoot until he was paid . As such , he was replaced by a body double for the Paris exteriors , which were shot at a distance to hide his physical differences from Forsyth ; virtually none of the Paris sequences were used in the completed film .
With the budget spent , filming was halted and Bava accepted an invitation from Dick Randall to direct Four Times That Night . As that film neared completion , he showed the Hatchet for the Honeymoon script to Four Times That Night '' 's executive producer , Alfredo Leone , in the hope that he would rescue the film , but he was unimpressed with the script . However , in the interim Caño secured the funds needed to finally complete the film . Filming for Hatchet for the Honeymoon ended in October 1969 .
ReleaseHatchet for the Honeymoon was released in Italy as Il rosso segno della follia on 2 June 1970 and in Spain as Un hacha para la luna del miel on 14 September 1970 , with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer handling its distribution in these regions . The film was released in the United Kingdom under the title Blood Brides by Tigon British Film Productions in 1973 . In the United States , the film was released through GG Productions on 9 February 1974 . In all of these countries , excepting Spain , it received a limited release with little marketing support .
Critical reaction
In a contemporary review , Robin Wood reviewed a dubbed 88 minute version of the film titled Blood Brides . Wood noted that the film contained several examples of what Wood described as `` Bava 's claim to attention [ ... ] he usually photographs as well as directs his films , they are very consciously conceived in terms of potentialities of the camera and as a result are , in a somewhat crude sense , 'cinematic ' . '' Wood went on to state that `` the creation of elaborate effects through camera movement , stylized color , focus distortion and the use of varied lenses is , however , no guarantee of quality ; and the effects in Blood Brides appear merely self-conscious and self-indulgent . ''
In a retrospective review , AllMovie called it `` not the best of Mario Bava 's work '' , but `` a must-see for those who love the genre and admire stylish horror films . '' Tim Lucas , author of the critical biography Mario Bava : All the Colors of the Dark , calls Hatchet For the Honeymoon `` Mario Bava 's most personal horror movie '' and states `` Time has shown the film , initially misunderstood and considered one of Bava 's lesser works , to be startlingly prescient , pointing the way for Mary Harron 's film of Bret Easton Ellis ' American Psycho '' in particular . '' The film holds a 50 % `` rotten '' rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on six reviews .
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Films directed by Mario Bava
Giallo films
Spanish horror films
Italian serial killer films
1970 films
1970 horror films
1970s thriller films
Italian thriller films
Spanish thriller films
Films shot in Barcelona
Films shot in Rome
1970s Italian films
These are the results of the women 's sabre competition in fencing at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . A total of 24 women competed in this event . Competition took place in the Fencing Hall at the Helliniko Olympic Complex on August 17 .
Tournament results
The field of 24 fencers competed in a single-elimination tournament to determine the medal winners . Semifinal losers proceeded to a bronze medal match .
As there were less than 32 entrants in this event , eight fencers had byes in the first round .
Results
References
Yahoo ! Sports Athens 2004 Summer Olympics Fencing Results
Women 's sabre
2004 in women 's fencing
Women 's events at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Ptelina is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The genus is endemic to the Afrotropics .
Species
Ptelina carnuta ( Hewitson , 1873 )
Ptelina subhyalina ( Joicey & Talbot , 1921 )
References
Seitz , A . Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13 : Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter . Plate XIII 61
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Ali Gazi , Ali Gaji Dunamami ibn Zeinab , or Ali ibn Dunama , was a ruler of Bornu Empire from 1476 until 1503 or 1507 .
Prior to his reign , the Sefuwa ruling house had split into two ruling branches . The result was palace intrigues and internal strife . He consolidated his reign by killing the candidate from a rival house and restricting opposition from challengers .
Ali Gazi later took on the Bulala nomads , who had driven out his people from Kanem during the decline of the Kanem Empire . He defeated them and re-captured the old Kanem capital , Njimi . He also founded a new capital at Birnin Gazargamu .
References
Rulers of the Bornu Empire
Grant County ( county code GT ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 7,352 . Its county seat and only city is Ulysses . Both the county and its seat are named after Ulysses S. Grant , 18th President of the United States .
History
In 1873 , the part of Kansas west of Range 25 was divided into 25 new counties . The new counties were Decatur , Rawlins , Cheyenne , Sheridan , Thomas , Sherman , Lane , Buffalo , Foote , Meade , Scott , Sequoyah , Arapahoe , Seward , Wichita , Kearny , Greeley , Hamilton , Stanton , Kansas , Stevens , and Grant .
Grant County , Kansas was named after Ulysses S. Grant , the 18th President of the United States ( 1869–1877 ) , and incumbent president at the time of the county 's formation . The initial survey establishing county boundaries was in the summer of 1874 .
In 1883 , Kearny , Sequoyah , Arapahoe , Kansas , Stevens , Meade , Clark and Grant counties disappeared . Hamilton , Ford , Seward , and Hodgeman counties enlarged and Finney County was created . Grant County was split with the western portion becoming a part of Hamilton County and the eastern portion becoming a part of the newly created Finney County .
On June 9 , 1888 , Grant County was again established as a Kansas county , with original county boundaries , with the first officers of the new Grant County being sworn in on June 18 , 1888 .
In October 1888 , the county seat election for Grant County resulted in victory for Ulysses , Kansas , election results were : .
Early Day Settlements
`` Old '' Ulysses , subsequently moved to New Ulysses in 1909
Surprise-Tilden
Cincinnati-Appomattox
Shockey ( Shockeyville )
Golden
Zionville
Lawson
Waterford
Gognac
Spurgeon
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.06 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 160
Kansas Highway 25
Adjacent counties
Kearny County ( north )
Finney County ( northeast )
Haskell County ( east )
Stevens County ( south )
Stanton County ( west )
Hamilton County ( northwest )
Demographics
As of the 2000 census , there were 7,909 people , 2,742 households , and 2,097 families residing in the county . The population density was 14 people per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . There were 3,027 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 77.00 % White , 0.86 % Native American , 0.37 % Asian , 0.21 % Black or African American , 19.46 % from other races , and 2.10 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 34.67 % of the population .
There were 2,742 households , out of which 43.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 66.40 % were married couples living together , 7.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 23.50 % were non-families . 21.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.20 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.34 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 32.80 % under the age of 18 , 8.70 % from 18 to 24 , 28.70 % from 25 to 44 , 20.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 31 years . For every 100 females there were 100.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 39,854 , and the median income for a family was $ 44,914 . Males had a median income of $ 34,464 versus $ 22,000 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,072 . About 6.50 % of families and 10.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.60 % of those under age 18 and 7.50 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Grant County is heavily Republican . Lyndon B. Johnson was the last Democrat to win the county , and Jimmy Carter narrowly lost the county in 1976 . Michael Dukakis ( as of 2016 ) is the last Democrat to win more than a quarter of the county 's vote .
Laws
Grant County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 % food sales requirement .
Education
Unified school districts
Ulysses USD 214
Communities
City
Ulysses
Unincorporated communities
Hickok
Ryus
Stano
Sullivans Tracks
Townships
Grant County is divided into three townships . None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent , and all figures for the townships include those of the cities . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
Dry counties
References
Further reading
External links
County
Grant County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Grant County Map , GrantCoKs.org
Grant County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Loti is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan . It is located at 28°56'60N 69°24'0E , and has an altitude of 466 metres ( 1532 feet ) , the area is rich in natural resources .
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan , Pakistan
Glyphipterix gemmipunctella is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It is found in Australia , where it is found on the Atherton Tableland in Queensland and from southern Queensland to Victoria .
References
Moths described in 1869
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Jamie-Jerry Taulagi ( born 18 June 1993 ) is a professional rugby union footballer of Samoan heritage . His usual position is fullback or wing . He has played for the Queensland Reds and Sunwolves teams in Super Rugby . He currently plays for Narbonne in the French Pro D2 competition .
Early life
Taulagi was born in Auckland , New Zealand . As a junior rugby player he was selected in the Auckland East team which won the Roller Mills Shield in 2006 . He attended De La Salle College from 2005 to 2010 where he was part of the 1st XV in 2009 that played in the Sanix World Rugby Youth Invitational Tournament . Taulagi then attended St Kentigern College and played for the 1st XV rugby team which won the Auckland 1A Championship in 2011 . He moved to Brisbane , Australia in 2012 .
Rugby career
Taulagi joined the University of Queensland Rugby Club and played for the Premier Rugby team that won the Hospital Cup in 2012 . He was invited into the ARU 's National Academy and selected to play in an Under-19 match for Queensland against New South Wales in October 2012 . In August 2013 , he signed a foreign development player contract with the Queensland Reds , where he made 10 appearances in three seasons .
He moved to Japan in 2016 to ply for Munakata Sanix Blues in the Top League and later signed with the Sunwolves for the 2017 season .
Taulagi was selected in the national squad for their 2017 end-of-year tour . In England , he joined Devon club Newton Abbot RFC in a bid to win a contract with Exeter Chiefs for the 2017–18 season .
Personal life
Taulagi 's younger brother , Murray , is currently a member of the North Queensland Cowboys NRL squad .
References
External links
Player stats on It 's Rugby
1993 births
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
Queensland Reds players
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union wings
Rugby union players from Auckland
Living people
People educated at Saint Kentigern College
Queensland Country ( NRC team ) players
Munakata Sanix Blues players
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Samoa international rugby union players
Sunwolves players
Thomas Franklin Petway , III is a lifelong resident of Jacksonville , Florida and one of the most successful business and civic leaders in Jacksonville and the state of Florida .
Personal
Petway was born in Jacksonville , Florida in 1940 and graduated from Terry Parker High School in 1958 . He graduated from the Florida State University School of Business in 1962 with a Bachelor of Science Degree . Petway and his wife , Elizabeth , have two surviving children and three grandchildren .
Business
Tom Petway is Chairman of the Board of [ US Assure ] , Inc. , a national insurance marketing and administrative services company .
In 1988 , while acquiring the franchise for Prudential Network Realty in Duval , Clay and St. Johns counties , Linda Sherrer approached Petway for financial backing and business advice , which he provided . That business became very successful over the past twenty years , and Petway currently serves as a silent partner .
Petway was a co-founder of and a minority partner in the NFL 's 30th franchise , the Jacksonville Jaguars .
In January , 1995 he was invited by Paul W. Kahn to become a director of Safecard ( renamed Ideon ) .
He is also chairman of Citizens Property Insurance Corp. , Casualty Joint Underwriting Association and Florida Residential Property .
Civic activities
Petway was Co-Chairman of the organizing group for Super Bowl XXXIX and Co-Chairman and CEO of the Jacksonville Super Bowl Host Committee , Inc .
From 1999 until its elimination in July , 2001 , he served his second gubernatorial appointment to the Florida Board of Regents of the State University System of Florida , serving as Chairman for two years ; he previously served on the board from 1989 until 1995 .
He was Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Community Hospice Foundation , which supports Community Hospice of Northeast Florida . Petway 's wife is now serving on the board .
Petway served two terms as Chairman of the Jacksonville Economic Development Commission ( JEDC ) , which was formed in the summer of 1996 to attract new and expanded business on the first coast .
Political
Tom Petway is a Republican and a prominent Bush family supporter . He has been involved in numerous campaign committees and fund raising efforts and contributed substantially in 1988 , with his company , to the Florida Republican Party . After the election , Petway was appointed to head the State Board of Regents .
Petway donated more than $ 300,000 to Republican causes for the 2000 election and was a lunch guest at President George Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , where he was given the traditional `` pickup truck tour '' .
Honors
Tom Petway received Florida State University 's prestigious Doctor of Humane Letters for his leadership and accomplishments while chairman of the FSU Foundation board of directors . Petway helped the university quintuple its endowment from $ 50 million to $ 250 million .
He was one of 30 alumni inducted into the Terry Parker High School Hall of Fame on the school 's 50th anniversary in 2005 .
Petway was one of the first four individuals inducted into the First Coast Business Hall of Fame on October 22 , 1999 .
The Coggin College of Business at the University of North Florida honored Tom Petway with the Prime F. Osborn III Distinguished Business Leader Award on May 21 , 2008 , an award bestowed on prominent local business leaders .
References
American businesspeople in insurance
Petway , Tom F .
People from Jacksonville , Florida
Florida Republicans
1940 births
Living people
An was an artist who was officially appointed by the Imperial Household Agency of Japan to create works of art for the Tokyo Imperial Palace and other imperial residences .
History
The system came into being during the Meiji period in 1890 and was discontinued after the end of World War II . From 1890 to 1944 , seventy-nine individuals were appointed to the position , from both the fine and decorative arts . These tended to be artists who had already had a long and distinguished career . The programme was created to promote Japanese art , inspire new generations of artists , and preserve old techniques .
Imperial Household Artists received 100 yen each year . They were expected to submit one example of their work on being appointed and to accept commissions from the Imperial Household Agency . Some of the works commissioned were for presentation to foreign dignitaries . Many presentation wares were commissioned and then put into storage , to be gifted when the need came . Often these wares would bear the Imperial crest , a sixteen-petalled chrysanthemum .
In 1912 , all twenty-four of the current artists were commissioned to create gifts for the Meiji Emperor to celebrate his 61st birthday . The Emperor died before the presentation could take place , so the items were placed in the Imperial Household Museum , which later became the Tokyo National Museum .
Most pieces of work can not be seen in public except for some in the Museum of the Imperial Collections , as well as pieces in the Kiyomizu Sannenzaka Museum ( ja ) , the Tokyo National Museum and the Khalili Collection of Japanese Art .
Important artists are still designated and protected by the government under the system of Living National Treasures .
List of artists
References
http : //www.japantimes.co.jp/culture/2013/11/27/arts/the-imperial-household-of-tradition/
Sources
Paras Arora is an Indian actor who works in Hindi-language television shows and Bollywood films . He is best known for portraying the character of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in Veer Shivaji , Abhimanyu in Mahabharat and Vivaan Rajvanshi in Udann Sapnon Ki .
Filmography
Films
Television
Music videos
References
External links
Male actors from Uttar Pradesh
Living people
Punjabi people
1994 births
People from Bareilly
21st-century Indian male actors
Male actors in Hindi television
Winnisook Lake is an artificial lake located in Oliverea , New York , United States . It is the source of Esopus Creek and the highest lake in the Catskill Mountains at above sea level .
The lake is the private property of the Winnisook Club , which expanded it with a dam so they could have a place to fish . This created some problems with hikers in the past , who would park along the neighboring stretch of Ulster County Route 47 and cross the club 's property to reach state-owned Forest Preserve lands and climb the Catskills ' highest peak , neighboring Slide Mountain . Crowds of hikers steadily increased throughout the 1970s , causing the club to consider closing what had long been one of the easiest ways to ascend the peak . New York 's Department of Environmental Conservation ( DEC ) solved the problem in the early 1980s by buying some land to the south of the club and building a new access trail over it .
The stretch of Route 47 next to the lake has the distinction of being the highest elevation improved public through road in the state .
The name , one of the few Indian place names in the Catskills , comes from Winnisook , the same legendary figure from whom the nearby hamlet of Big Indian and Big Indian Mountain draw their names .
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in New York
References
Reservoirs in Ulster County , New York
Catskills
Shandaken , New York
Reservoirs in New York ( state )
Elisabetta Benato-Beltrami ( 1813–1888 ) was a 19th-century Italian painter and sculptor . She lived in Padua since 1858 . Her talent , which showed itself early , was first developed by an unknown painter named Soldan , and later at the Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia . She made copies of Guido , Sassoferrato and Veronese , the Laokoon group , and the Hercules of Canova , and executed a much-admired bas-relief called `` Love and Innocence . '' Among her original paintings are an `` Atala and Chactas , '' `` Petrarch 's First Meeting with Laura , '' a `` Descent from the Cross `` for the church at Tribano , a `` St. Sebastian , '' `` Melancholy , '' a `` St. Ciro , '' and many Madonnas . Her pictures are noble in conception and firm in execution . She exhibited in Milan in 1847 .
References
Bibliography
1813 births
1888 deaths
Italian women painters
19th-century Italian sculptors
Artists from Padua
19th-century Italian women artists
19th-century Italian painters
Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia alumni
The black-and-white tody-flycatcher ( Poecilotriccus capitalis ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It was formerly placed in the genus Todirostrum , and known as the black-and-white tody-tyrant . It is found in thickets , especially bamboo , in southern Colombia , eastern Ecuador , eastern Peru , and south-western Brazil .
References
Poecilotriccus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds described in 1857
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Oliver Edward Ackermann ( born November 22 , 1976 ) is an American rock musician , who is the founder of the Brooklyn-based effects pedal company Death By Audio and is the guitarist and vocalist for A Place to Bury Strangers , a rock band hailed as `` the loudest band in New York '' .
Biography
Ackermann was born in Allentown , Pennsylvania , United States . He spent his childhood in St. Peter , Minnesota and Fredericksburg , Virginia attending Falmouth Elementary School , Drew Middle School , and Stafford High School .
Ackermann studied Industrial Design at the Rhode Island School of Design . He returned to Fredericksburg , Virginia and worked at Zolo Designs .
Ackermann currently resides in Brooklyn , New York and is a contributor to the Death By Audio space and collective .
Musical career
In 1995 , Ackermann formed Skywave with Paul Baker . The duo joined with John Fedowitz on drums and put out recordings and toured during 1998 to 2003 .
In 2002 , Ackermann started the effects pedal company Death By Audio .
While Baker and Fedowitz formed Ceremony , Ackermann moved to Brooklyn in 2003 and formed the band A Place to Bury Strangers with Tim Gregorio on bass and Justin Avery on drums .
In 2007 he teamed up with Richard Fearless from Death In Vegas to form Black Acid only to later disband as A Place to Bury Strangers receives worldwide acclaim .
Death by Audio
At Death by Audio , Ackermann designs and manufactures hand-wired guitar-effects pedals , and has provided custom effects equipment to bands such as U2 , Wilco , and Nine-Inch Nails .
The Death By Audio location also operates as a live/work environment for artists and musicians , recording studio , and art/music venue .
References
External links
Death by Audio website
A Place To Bury Strangers website
Skywave website
Living people
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
American musical instrument makers
1976 births
Musicians from Allentown , Pennsylvania
People from St. Peter , Minnesota
People from Fredericksburg , Virginia
Mute Records artists
Dead Oceans artists
Important Records artists
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
American post-punk musicians
At the time of its merger into HOP ! , Régional operated the following services ( March 2013 ) :
France
Ajaccio - Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte Airport
Bâle-Mulhouse - EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg
Bastia - Bastia – Poretta Airport
Biarritz - Biarritz – Anglet – Bayonne Airport
Bordeaux - Bordeaux – Mérignac Airport
Calvi - Calvi – Sainte-Catherine Airport
Clermont-Ferrand - Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne Airport
Lille - Lille Airport
Lorient - Lorient South Brittany Airport
Lyon - Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport
Marseille - Marseille Provence Airport
Metz-Nancy - Metz-Nancy-Lorraine Airport
Montpellier - Montpellier – Méditerranée Airport
Nantes - Nantes Atlantique Airport
Nice - Nice Côte d'Azur Airport
Paris - Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport
Pau - Pau Pyrénées Airport
Strasbourg - Strasbourg International Airport
Toulouse - Toulouse – Blagnac Airport
Belgium
Brussels - Brussels Airport
Germany
Bremen - Bremen Airport
Hannover - Hannover Airport
Leipzig/Halle - Leipzig/Halle Airport
Nuremberg - Nuremberg Airport
Stuttgart - Stuttgart Airport
Italy
Bologne - Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport
Milan - Malpensa Airport
Rome - Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport
Venice - Venice Marco Polo Airport
Verona - Verona Villafranca Airport
Netherlands
Amsterdam - Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
Slovenia
Ljubljana - Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport
Spain
Barcelona - Barcelona–El Prat Airport
Vigo - Vigo-Peinador Airport
Málaga - Málaga Airport
Sweden
Gothenburg - Göteborg Landvetter Airport
Switzerland
Geneva - Geneva International Airport
United Kingdom
Aberdeen - Aberdeen Airport
Lists of airline destinations
Air France–KLM
Yaa Asantewaa Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Ejisu Traditional Area in the Ashanti Region of Ghana . It is usually celebrated in the month of August .
Another important Yaa Asantewaa Festival was founded by the Royal House of Queen Mother Saa Pogh Naa Yaa Asantewaa Ababio II , to remember the 95th Year of the Home Calling of Queen Yaa Asantewaa , and to honor Her unforgettable heroism and extraordinary bravery , that She exhibited during the War of the Golden Stool , aka the Yaa Asantewaa Independence War .
The 9 day festival also paid respects to Queen Mother Yaa Akya , Mother of King Nana Prempeh and all of the other Kings and Chiefs who were exiled to Seychelles by the British in the early 1900s . These included the Sultan of Perak Abdullah Muhammad Shah II of Perak , the King of Buganda Mwanga II of Buganda and the King of Bunyoro Chwa II Kabalega Other notable political exiles were , Makarios III , first President of the Republic of the Seychelles ; and Saad Zaghloul , 17th Prime Minister of Egypt .
Celebrations
In Ejisu Kumasi , there is durbar of chiefs which is presided by paramount chief of Ejisu .
On the island of the Seychelles , a special memorial ceremony was organised on the 17th October 2016 , to mark the 95th anniversary of the passing of the legendary African warrior Queen Mother Nana Yaa Asantewaa in Seychelles on October 17 , 1921 . The memorial ceremony was organised by the Office of the Reincarnation Successor Saa Pogh Naa Yaa Asantewaa Ababio II of the Tano Yaw ( UNESCO ) world heritage listed shrine in Ejisu Ghana ; sponsored by Ethiopian Airlines , in collaboration with the Seychelles ministry responsible for culture along with the National Archives .
Also in the Seychelles , there is an exhibition , entitled Saint Yaa Asantewaa Memorial Exhibition , that was reported by the Seychelles Nations as being a special exhibition , that was officially opened on the 21st October 2016 , at the National History Museums by Queen Yaa Asantewaa 's Reincarnation Successor Queen Mother Saa Pogh Naa , to mark the 95th anniversary of the passing of legendary fearless warrior Queen Mother Nana Yaa Asantewaa of Ghana , who passed away in Seychelles on October 17 , 1921 .
Significance
The chiefs and the inhabitants of Ejisu pay homage to Yaa Asantewaa who was known as an Ashanti war heroine who led in a battle against the British in 1901 . The festival also commemorate her bravery for resisting the British from capturing the Golden Stool of the Ashantis which led to an uprising in the late 1690s .
References
Festivals in Ghana
This is a list of Members of Parliament ( MPs ) who lost their seat at the 2022 French legislative election . All of these deputies sat in the 15th legislature of the French Fifth Republic but were not returned to the French Parliament in the elections .
List
Open seats changing hands
Aveyron 's 2nd constituency
Essonne 's 2nd constituency
Paris 's 14th constituency
Seine-et-Marne 's 2nd constituency
Val-de-Marne 's 5th constituency
Val-de-Marne 's 7th constituency
Var 's 3rd constituency
Ninth constituency for French residents overseas
See also
Candidates in the 2022 French legislative election
Election results of Cabinet Ministers during the 2022 French legislative election
List of MPs who lost their seat in the 2017 French legislative election
Results of the 2022 French legislative election by constituency
Notes
References
2022 French legislative election
Lists of French MPs who were defeated by election
The Northern Guard Supporters are an independent supporters group for Detroit City FC ( DCFC ) of United Women 's Soccer 's ( UWS ) Midwest Conference and of the USL Championship . DCFC 's men 's side formerly played in the National Premier Soccer League 's ( NPSL ) Midwestern Conference before joining NISA in 2019 .
The Northern Guard have received national and international attention in the soccer community for their passionate and creative support in the stands at DCFC 's home Keyworth Stadium that exceeds support traditionally associated with the fourth tier of soccer in the United States . The former commissioner of the NPSL , Michael Hitchcock , called the atmosphere created by the Northern Guard `` one of my U.S. soccer highlights '' and an `` incredible experience . '' and Sean Spence , the editor of SB Nation 's Chicago Fire blog , wrote that `` When association football takes over the USA ... It will be because of ultras like the Northern Guard , Detroit City FC 's rabid , profane , hilarious supporters group . ''
History
Founded in 2012 by brothers Gene and Ken Butcher , the Northern Guard brought drums , smoke bombs , flares and flags to the first-ever DCFC match to create an atmosphere similar to European supporter stands .
Over the course of two seasons , attendance in the supporters ' stands at DCFC matches grew to fill the 800 person-capacity section and many more supporters began to bring their own drums , flags , smoke , and costumes to add to the atmosphere .
In June 2013 , a pair of Northern Guard Supporters were married at midfield at halftime of a DCFC match .
Traditions and controversies
Many Northern Guard members wear skull facemasks and skulls are common symbols in the group 's flags and apparel . Founder Ken Butcher explained , `` We wore face masks that looked like skulls because we kept hearing that the city of Detroit was dead . Well , if we are dead , then we were gon na be the walking dead . ''
Before home matches , the Northern Guard gather at Fowling Warehouse in Hamtramck and march to the stadium , where they gather outside the stadium 's gates and chant `` Can you hear ( opponent ) sing ? We do n't hear a fucking thing . ''
As the opposing team enters the field , the Northern Guard chant `` Come and get it , '' which has become the group 's unofficial motto .
The Northern Guard is known for their use of smoke bombs , lighting dozens of large bombs a match in their stands , as well as for vulgarity and profanity . SB Nation soccer editor Sean Spence wrote that `` ... despite the presence of several families in their midst , they are loudly , hilariously vulgar , and use profanity with a ferociousness and familiarity that is almost admirable . '' ( Spence also cautioned that `` the Northern Guard is where family-friendly entertainment went slumming and got stomped biker-style into an intensive care ward . '' )
Once in each half , the Northern Guard will `` Tetris '' in the stands , linking arms and dancing side-to-side while singing the melody to `` Korobeiniki , '' the theme song to the video game Tetris .
They have also adopted songs and chants that celebrate the group 's unusually confrontational style for American lower-tier soccer supporters , including `` No one likes us , we do n't care '' originally popularized by Millwall FC supporters and `` We 're ruining football and we do n't care '' from Manchester City FC 's supporters .
The Northern Guard sing the first and last verses of The Pogues ' arrangement of Ewan MacColl 's song `` Dirty Old Town . '' If the team is winning , the Northern Guard will sing in the 80th minute . If the team is losing or the score is even , the song is sung after the match .
The Northern Guard is notorious for chanting `` Fuck Ohio '' , especially , but not exclusively , when playing against teams from that state . In the 2013–14 offseason , the Northern Guard offered a scarf for sale with the words `` FUCK OHIO '' on one side , which received attention in the U.S. soccer community when one was shown on the ESPN broadcast of the 2014 MLS All-Star Game . Before the 2014 season , DCFC ownership banned chants , signs , tifo and apparel ( including the scarf ) with `` the F-word '' from the stadium .
Hooligans for Heroes
In 2012 , members of the Northern Guard founded Hooligans for Heroes ( H4H ) , a nonprofit that engages soccer supporters on behalf of wounded veterans of the United States Armed Forces . Detroit City FC ownership is supportive of H4H , and played a benefit match on Memorial Day of 2013 where DCFC players wore camouflage jerseys that were auctioned off after the match with proceeds going to the Wounded Warrior Project through H4H .
John Bieniewicz Fundraising
On June 29 , 2014 , soccer referee John Bieniewicz was assaulted by Baseel Abdul Amir Saad , a player in an amateur match he was officiating in the suburbs of Detroit . Bieniewicz died two days later of his injuries , and Saad was charged with second-degree murder . A memorial fund was set up to support Bieniewicz 's family , and at Detroit City FC 's next home match , the Northern Guard passed around a `` swear jar '' to raise donations for the fund , playing on their reputation for profane language during matches . The Northern Guard also organized a minute of silence in Bieniewicz 's memory in the match 's 44th minute , during which they held up red cards in symbolic rejection of violence against officials . Through these efforts , the Northern Guard raised more than $ 3,000 that was then matched by Detroit City FC ownership for a total donation of $ 6,560 to the memorial fund .
See also
References
External links
Hooligans for Heroes
Northern Guard YouTube Channel
Northern Guard on Twitter
Detroit City FC website
Association football supporters ' associations
2012 establishments in Michigan
Soccer in Michigan
Concordia Lutheran High School may refer to :
Concordia Lutheran High School ( Fort Wayne , Indiana )
Concordia Lutheran High School ( Texas ) , Tomball , Texas
The Matanuska River ( Dena'ina : Ch'atanhtnu ; Ahtna : Ts'itonhna ' ) is a 75-mile ( 121 km ) long river in Southcentral Alaska , United States . The river drains a broad valley south of the Alaska Range eponymously known as the Matanuska Valley .
Course
Formed by the confluence of its east and south forks , the Matanuska River flows generally southwest to the Knik Arm of Cook Inlet . Downstream of its source , the river is joined by meltwater from Matanuska Glacier in the northern Chugach Mountains . From there it continues through the Matanuska Valley , between the Chugach Mountains to the south and the Talkeetna Mountains to the north . Population centers along its course include Chickaloon , Sutton , Palmer , and Butte . It enters the Knik Arm of Cook Inlet about southwest of Palmer and about northeast of Anchorage .
The Glenn Highway runs roughly parallel to the river for much of its length . Highway bridges over the river , listed from source to mouth , include Glacier Park Bridge , Chickaloon River Bridge , King River Bridge , Old Glenn Highway Bridge , and Glenn Highway Bridge . An Alaska Railroad bridge crosses the river parallel to the Glenn Highway Bridge at Palmer Hay Flats State Game Refuge . Mantanuska Glacier State Recreation Site is along the highway where Glacier Creek enters the river ; King Mountain State Recreation Site is near Chickaloon , and Kepler – Bradley Lakes State Recreation Area is near Palmer .
In addition to the glacier , named and unnamed streams that drain the Talkeetna and Chugach ranges feed into the river . These include Glacier , Hicks , Purinton , Caribou , and Coal creeks , and the Chickaloon and King rivers , and many others . The main stem is silty with glacial run-off from spring through fall but at lower flows beneath winter ice , it runs relatively clear .
The Matanuska Valley is one of the most settled regions of Alaska and one of the few areas in the state to support agriculture . Erosion by the glacial braided river has damaged roads , farms , houses , and houses for decades .
Discharge
The United States Geological Survey operates a stream gauge near Palmer . Mean monthly discharge at this gauge varies from in March to in July . The maximum recorded flow was on August 10 , 1971 , after the break-out of a natural reservoir on Granite Creek . The minimum recorded flow of occurred on April 25 , 1956 .
Boating
The river is a popular destination for whitewater enthusiasts who float mainly in rafts or kayaks . Accessible at several bridges and other points along the Glenn Highway , the Matanuska varies from Class II ( medium ) to III ( difficult ) on the International Scale of River Difficulty . Expert paddlers sometimes run a tributary , Caribou Creek , that flows past Matanuska Glacier and is rated Class II to IV ( very difficult ) . Hazards along the main stem include swift , cold water ; big standing waves and holes along some sections ; overhanging or submerged vegetation on the lower reaches , and upriver winds .
Etymology
The indigenous Dena'ina Athabascan name for the river is Ch'atanhtnu , based on the root -tanh `` trail extends out '' , meaning literally `` trail comes out river '' . The English place name Matanuska derives from a Russian term spelled in various ways , including `` Matanooski '' and `` Mednoviska '' , and meaning `` copper river people '' , perhaps referring to an implied route from Cook Inlet to the Copper River .
See also
List of rivers of Alaska
Matanuska Formation
References
Further reading
Kari , James M. , et al . ( 2003 ) [ 1987 ] . Shem Pete 's Alaska : The Territory of the Upper Cook Inlet Dena'ina , 2nd ed . Fairbanks , Alaska : University of Alaska Press .
External links
Rivers of Matanuska-Susitna Borough , Alaska
Rivers of Alaska
Toshizō , Toshizo or Toshizou ( written : 歳三 , 敏三 or 寿造 ) is a masculine Japanese given name . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese swordsman and Shinsengumi commander
, Japanese politician
, Japanese general
Japanese masculine given names
Clifton Springs Sanitarium Historic District is a national historic district located at the Village of Clifton Springs in Ontario County , New York . The district includes the previously listed main Clifton Springs Sanitarium and Foster Cottage . The expansion includes all the surrounding structures directly associated with the sanitarium during the historic period and the remaining intact portion of the original landscaped grounds . The additional structures include the Foster Block ( 1865 , with 1899 and 1920 additions ) ; the YMCA ( 1879 ) , the current sanitarium ( 1896 ) , Maxwell Hall ( 1926 ) , and the Woodbury Building with connecting pavilion ( 1927 ) .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
Gallery
References
External links
Spa Apartments - Around Clifton Springs
The Foster Cottage Museum
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Gothic Revival architecture in New York ( state )
Neoclassical architecture in New York ( state )
Historic districts in Ontario County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Ontario County , New York
Interchange Plus is the common name for a pricing structure for accepting credit card transactions by merchants . The Interchange fee is an important factor in determining the actual cost of accepting credit cards . Interchange pricing is what the Visa and MasterCard associations along with credit card issuing banks charge merchant account providers to process credit and debit card transactions . Merchant Account providers then charge a markup on interchange known as interchange plus pricing to process the transaction and provide customer service to the merchant accepting the credit or debit card payment . Interchange Plus pricing is known as the most honest and transparent form of pricing for merchants looking to accept credit cards . There are a lot of credit card processing companies that only offer interchange plus pricing .
In Europe , the most common commercial contract between a merchant and the bank ( the acquiring bank ) consists of a fixed commission percentage called the merchant service commission or MSC .
Based on characteristics such as volume , national/international traffic and risk , the acquirer negotiates a fixed MSC for all transactions with the merchant . This is called a blend rate because it blends in all different rates buying in one selling rate for the acquiring bank . Calculated in the blend rate is an insurance for the acquiring bank against changing buying rates .
Interchange Plus pricing means that the acquirer charges you a variable MSC consisting of the cost price plus a fixed markup . This MSC will then vary between transactions depending on the characteristics of the transaction such as card type , channel ( point of sale , e-commerce or call center ) and security measures involved ( Card Verification Code , 3-D Secure ) . This gives merchants insight in the cost of their payment traffic and can also realize a lower total payment cost .
In the US and for corporate merchants , interchange-plus pricing is common practice .
References
Understanding Interchange . Mastercard
Interchange Fees . Visa
Antitrust : Regulation on Interchange Fees . European Union
Credit card terminology
The 1988 Lehigh Engineers football team was an American football team that represented Lehigh University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season . Lehigh tied for third in the Colonial League .
In their third year under head coach Hank Small , the Engineers compiled a 6–5 record . Rich Curtis and Gregg Wolfson were the team captains .
The Engineers outscored opponents 351 to 300 . Their 2–3 conference record placed Lehigh in a three-way tie for third ( and for next-to-last ) in the six-team Colonial League standings .
Lehigh played its first year of home games at Murray H. Goodman Stadium on the university 's new Goodman Campus in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania .
Schedule
References
Lehigh
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football seasons
Lehigh Engineers football
Irvin Feld ( April 19 , 1918 – September 6 , 1984 ) was a business entrepreneur who built a chain of record stores , promoted rock groups , produced concerts involving some of the biggest names in popular music . He was also the head of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus and founder of Feld Entertainment . He was a music promoter who is credited with discovering Paul Anka .
Biography
Feld was born on April 19 , 1918 in Hagerstown , Maryland to Russian-Jewish immigrants . Following high school , in 1938 he and his brother opened a drugstore on Seventh Street NW in Washington DC . Records proved big-sellers at the store . He later opened Super Music City record stores , and eventually branched out into producing both his own records and his own live concerts . After ten years as one of several national promoters for the Ringling Circus , Feld , along with his brother Israel Feld and Houston Judge Roy Hofheinz , bought the circus on November 11 , 1967 , for $ 8 million . In 1968 , he began the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College . He sold the circus to Mattel in 1971 for $ 50 million in Mattel stock . He bought it back from Mattel in 1982 for $ 22.8 million .
Feld died on September 6 , 1984 , at age 66 in Venice , Florida .
Personal life and legacy
In 1946 , he married Adele Feld . In 1958 she committed suicide . The circus passed to his son Kenneth Feld , who had joined the company in 1970 . In 1987 , he was inducted into the International Circus Hall of Fame .
References
1918 births
1984 deaths
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Businesspeople from Maryland
Circus owners
Music promoters
People from Hagerstown , Maryland
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus people
20th-century American businesspeople
The Daewoo Leganza is a mid-size , front engine , front-wheel drive , four doors , five passenger sedans manufactured and marketed by Daewoo in South Korea over a single generation for model years 1997-2002 and internally designated as the V100 .
The Leganza was succeeded by the Suzuki Verona ( V200 ) using an enlarged V100 platform . The name Leganza was a portmanteau of the Italian words elegante ( elegant ) and forza ( power ) .
Development
The Leganza ( V100 ) , along with Lanos ( T100 ) and Nubira ( J100 ) were central to Daewoo 's effort to develop a proprietary range to replace vehicles previously licensed from GM .
Daewoo turned to global consultants and suppliers in developing the three new lines . Under design direction of ex-Porsche and ex BMW engineering chief Dr. Ulrich Bez , the Leganza was developed in just 30 months , using Daewoo 's growing in-house R & D network in Korea , Worthing and Munich along with other global consultants . Transmissions were provided by ZF and engines were sourced from GM Australia .
The Leganza was styled by Giorgetto Giugiaro of Italdesign , influenced by Giugiaro 's 1990 Jaguar Kensington concept , which heavily influenced the 1991 Toyota Aristo as well as the first generation Lexus GS . Styling was also compared to the Maserati Coupé , another of Giugiaro 's designs . Bodywork achieved a Cd of 0.32 Cd .
Development of the Leganza began at the end of 1993 , after work began on the Lanos and the Nubira , delaying the Leganza introduction in some markets . After initial research of the Leganza leading to development of a mid-size executive car , further work on the V100 ( prototype name ) began . Styling took three months , the summer of 1994 , aided by ItalDesign 's offices in Kensington . Road tests began in May 1995 , ended exactly a year later , and the Leganza was ready for production in February 1997 .
Marketing
Launched in 1997 , the Leganza replaced both the Espero and larger Prince . Daewoo rapidly expanded their distribution network with the inception of new models , offering the Leganza globally . Daewoo placed special emphasis on developing markets , which involved the assembly of Leganzas in countries like Poland , Romania , Ukraine , Russia and Uzbekistan , in plants owned by Daewoo or under license agreements . Nevertheless , this concerned CKD or SKD assembly only . All Leganzas were effectively made at Daewoo 's Bupyong plant in Korea .
The Leganza was widely marketed as the Daewoo Leganza and as the Doninvest Kondor , a short-lived version assembled by the Russian Doninvest corporation on Taganrog 's TagAZ . It was poorly equipped compared to other Leganzas , and airbags were not an option .
At the time it was launched , the Leganza was a bit longer than most mid-size European or Asian cars , and was marketed as an inexpensive executive car in some markets .
Equipment
In various markets , the base Leganza was offered with a 2.0L 4-cylinder engine , 5-speed manual , hubcaps , cloth trim and all the standard power options . It had an optional 4-speed , hydraulically operated transmission . Ride quality was poor , as was cabin noise intrusion . In 1999 , Daewoo made revisions to the model . The automatic transmission was replaced by an electronically controlled automatic transmission . The engine was upgraded to the 2.2 L , which boosted power from to , giving better performance , but increasing fuel consumption . The Leganza also gained standard 15-inch alloy wheels , anti-theft alarm , and remote central locking . The suspension was revised . In 2001 Daewoo introduced the `` Limited Edition '' trim level with leather upholstery , faux woodgrain trim , and a power driver 's seat . In 2002 offered the trim level again , adding an anti-theft alarm , alloy wheels and remote locking .
United Kingdom
The Leganza 's market began in Autumn 1997 along with the Lanos and Nubira . It was a replacement slightly larger than the Espero . The same aftersales package were given , including 3 years/60,000-mile warranty , 3 years free servicing , parts and labor , 3 years AA cover and 100 free cars were given out for a year to test customers ' experience with them to examine the customer satisfaction . This was extended to a free one years ' free insurance for 1998 .
Trim levels were sold as SX and CDX with the following equipment :
SX - ABS , twin airbags , air-con , keyless entry , power steering , electric sunroof and electric heated mirrors
CDX - ( equipment over SX ) alloy wheels , traction control , speed-sensitive power steering , full climate control , outside temperature display , front foglamps , ultrasonic alarm , upgraded seat coverings , wood effect and chrome trim and a leather covered steering wheel .
Prices for the SX started from £13,795 and for the CDX , £14,995 . Auto transmission and a full leather trim with a drivers power seat were available as options for £500 . The 2.0 litre 'D-Tec ' engine was the only engine available . With the aftersales package and its engines , the Leganza was cheaper to operate than some of its rivals . The Leganza CDX was given a cost-per-mile figure of 25.9 pence compared to others :
The Leganza SX was given a cost-per-mile figure of just 24.9 pence .
At 25 March 1999 , Easter sales were offered to the following models as a 'two-for-one ' offer :
At 31 March 1999 , prices were declared to change from 1 April 1999 to the following :
After that , prices were declared to be reduced even more from 1 January 2001 :
CDX-E
In May 1998 , Daewoo launched another version of the Leganza , the CDX-E . The difference was that it featured the Philips CARiN satellite navigation system with full in-car entertainment , 10-Disc CD autochanger , leather upholstery , new 15-inch alloy wheels and luxury mats . On-the-road price was £17,520 . It was an addition to the CDX , rather than replacing it .
Driveline
The Leganza was a front-wheel-drive car , available with a four-door sedan body only . The Leganza was powered by Holden-sourced D-TEC DOHC 16V I4 engines ( two displacements were made using the same block and bore , differing in stroke ) :
2.0 L ( 1998 cc ) – at 5,400 rpm , at 4,600 rpm of torque – used in models sold in Europe .
2.2 L ( 2198 cc ) – at 5,200 rpm , at 2,800 rpm of torque – used mainly for the American and Australian market .
Both engines came with either a 5-speed manual transmission , or a 4-speed automatic .
Electric and Hybrid versions
From 1997 to 1999 , several electric and hybrid Leganza 's were created in Korea . However , they all remained prototypes . Each of them was painted white . It has been accepted that the following Leganza in the picture is called 'Leganza NGV ' . Only one copy was shown at the Seoul Motor Show 1997 . The Leganza NGV became the ( next to the prototype ) Shiraz . The interiors of these Leganza NGV 's were also modified and it was possible that they did not have a rear seat . On the larger photo you can see one of the electric Leganza 's during an electric car show in Korea . It was a closed show and only a few people could participate in it .
Successor
Daewoo increased the wheelbase of the V100 platform by to develop a new model , marketed as the Daewoo Magnus ( V200 ) , which launched in 2000 . Both models were sold side by side in Korea , and the Leganza received a small update ( front grille ) in 2001 . The Magnus has not been launched internationally until Leganza 's demise in 2002 , effectively replacing it . Daewoo ceased North American sales by then , and the V200 was released as the Suzuki Verona in the United States and the Chevrolet Epica in Canada .
There was no successor in the United Kingdom or Ireland until the launch of the Daewoo Tosca under the nameplate of Chevrolet Epica in 2007 .
References
Leganza
Mid-size cars
Sedans
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 1997
2000s cars
The 1959 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 28th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Dublin entered the championship as defending champions .
On 27 September 1959 , Dublin won the championship following an 0-11 to 1-4 defeat of Cavan in the All-Ireland final . This was their seventh All-Ireland title overall and their second in succession . It was also a fifth All-Ireland title in six championship seasons for Dublin .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Mayo 4-15 Sligo 1-5 Quarter Final
Mayo 3-9 Leitrim 4-4 Semi Final
Galway 2-5 Roscommon 1-4
Galway 3-9- Mayo 1-8 Final
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Cavan 2-3 Galway 0-8
Final
References
1959
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Osing may refer to :
the Osing people
the Osing dialect
The Apega of Nabis , also known as the Iron Apega , was described by Polybius as an ancient torture device similar to the iron maiden . It was invented by Nabis , a king who ruled Sparta as a tyrant from 207 to 192 BC .
Device description
The mechanical Apega , according to Polybius , was a machine , a well-executed replica of the real wife of Nabis , and was used by Nabis to collect money from unwilling Spartan citizens . Those who did not give money were sent to deal with his wife . This was the replica , dressed in expensive clothing , with arms outstretched . When the drunken visitors hugged her , this triggered the arms to close . The device 's arms , hands , and breasts were covered with iron nails , and the arms were capable of crushing the body of its victim . Nabis would control the machine through hidden devices until the victim agreed to pay a tribute or to the point of death .
The automaton , Apega , was one of the advancements in technology of the ancient Greco-Roman world used as implements of torture , along with other torture devices such as the cross , the wheel , and the brazen bull of Phalaris .
Origins
Nabis , tyrant of Sparta , reportedly created the device in the image of his own wife , Apega ( ; also known as Ἀγαπήνα or Ἀπία ) , a tyrant herself who helped in furthering her husband 's ambitions . The Greek historian , Polybius ( 203–120 BC , author of The Histories ) , further described the real Queen Apega as a female ruler who ruled Sparta like a Hellenistic queen , similar to Cleopatra and Arsinoe , because she `` received men at court alongside her husband . '' Polybius also mentioned that she was a woman who knew how to dishonor men by humiliating women belonging to the families of male citizens . Both Nabis and Apega brought suffering and violence to their subjects by stealing their wealth and valuables .
The historical Apega was described as a Spartan woman who had exceeded her husband 's viciousness and wielded power to satisfy her own greed . The Iron Apega was further described as the personification of the evilness and deceitfulness of the real Apega , and was said to be equal to Pandora , the first woman in Greek mythology .
Literary references
In Arthur Machen 's episodic horror novella The Three Impostors ( 1895 ) , one story centers on an execution device named the `` Iron Maid '' , which in its outstretched arms bears a great resemblance to the Iron Apega .
Nabis and Apega are mentioned in Adrienne Mayor 's “ Gods and Robots ” .
References
Ancient instruments of torture
European instruments of torture
Nabis
Individual instruments of torture
Fabrizio Di Mauro ( ; born 18 June 1965 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder . He is among the few players to play for both Roma and Lazio at senior level , winning his only honour with Roma in 1991 , when the side won the Coppa Italia , also reaching the UEFA Cup final , only to lose out to Inter . He also spent a few seasons at Fiorentina , while he won three international caps with the Italy national football team , although he was not able to scorer any international goals . He was included in the Italian squad during the team 's qualification campaign for the 1994 FIFA World Cup , but was not picked for the final squad , following a lack off regular match-practice with Lazio the same season .
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia : 1990–91
External links
1965 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
A.S. Roma players
S.S. Arezzo players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
ACF Fiorentina players
S.S. Lazio players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Events from the year 1910 in art .
Events
April 27 – Futurist poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti issues the manifesto Contro Venezia passatista ( `` Against Past-loving Venice '' ) in the Piazza San Marco .
Robert Delaunay marries Sonia Terk .
Bronze sculptor Robert Kionsek joins the Berlin workshop of Ferdinand Preiss to form the PK firm ; the two men combine their specialties to produce sculptures in bronze and ivory .
Czech art historian Antonin Matějček uses the term Expressionism , in opposition to impressionism .
Russian composer Alexander Scriabin writes Prometheus : The Poem of Fire , Op . 60 , a symphonic work for piano , orchestra , optional choir , and clavier à lumières or `` Chromola '' ( a color organ invented by Preston Millar ) .
A replica of Michelangelo 's statue of David is installed on the Piazza della Signoria in Florence ( where the original stood from 1504 to 1873 ) .
Exhibitions
March 18 – May 1 – Salon des Indépendants : Jean Metzinger , Henri Le Fauconnier and Robert Delaunay are shown together in Room 18 . Metzinger exhibits Portrait de Guillaume Apollinaire , considered by Apollinaire to be the first cubist portrait .
July 15 – October 9 – First International Art Exhibition in Düsseldorf ( Kunstpalast ) , organized by Sonderbund westdeutscher Kunstfreunde und Künstler .
October 1 – November 8 – Salon d'Automne : Jean Metzinger , Henri Le Fauconnier and Fernand Léger exhibit in Room VIII . Following this salon Metzinger writes his important Note sur la peinture article ( published in Pan ( Paris ) , October–November 1910 ) , depicting the new art movement of Pablo Picasso , Georges Braque , Robert Delaunay and Henri Le Fauconnier , noting that these artists ( himself included ) `` discarded traditional perspective and granted themselves the liberty of moving around objects . '' This is the Cubist concept of `` mobile perspective '' that would tend towards the representation of the `` total image '' ( an object seen from various view-points simultaneously ) .
November 8 – January 15 , 1911 – Manet and the Post-Impressionists at the Grafton Galleries in London , organized by Roger Fry , introduces the term Post-Impressionism .
Works
Henry Bacon and Daniel Chester French
James Oglethorpe Monument
Statue of Samuel Spencer
Umberto Boccioni – The City Rises
Hanns Bolz – Portrait of Alfred Flechtheim
Pierre Bonnard – Girl with Parrot
Joachim-Raphaël Boronali ( pseudonym of a donkey , Lola ) – Et le soleil s'endormit sur l'Adriatique
Georges Braque – Violin and Candlestick
Henri-Edmond Cross – Cypresses at Cagnes
Salvador Dalí ( age 6 ) – Landscape Near Figueras
Lyonel Feininger – Straße im Dämmern
Albert Gleizes
L'Arbre ( The Tree )
La Femme aux Phlox
J. W. Godward
A Cool Retreat
Noon Day Rest
Reverie ( first version )
Sappho
Erich Heckel
Landscape with Bathing Women
Standing Child ( Fränzi Standing ; color woodcut )
Goscombe John – The Boy Scout
Wassily Kandinsky – Improvisation 7
Ernst Ludwig Kirchner
Fränzi in front of Carved Chair
Playing Nudes
Standing Nude with Hat
Mikhail Larionov – Self-portrait
John Lavery – Mrs Lavery sketching
Fernand Léger – Nudes in the forest ( Nus dans la forêt )
Wilhelm Lehmbruck – sculptures
Female torso
Standing female figure
L. S. Lowry – Clifton Junction Morning
Bertram Mackennal – Profile head of King George V for British Empire medals and coins
Aristide Maillol – Flora , Nude ( bronze cast of c.1965 at Museum of Fine Arts , Houston )
Jacek Malczewski – Christ and the Samaritan Woman
Franz Marc – Horse in a Landscape
Henri Matisse
Dance ( final version )
Music
Jean Metzinger
Nu à la cheminée ( Nude )
Deux Nus ( Two Nudes )
Burr Churchill Miller – Thomas Brackett Reed
William Orpen – Self Portrait
Pablo Picasso – Portrait of Daniel-Henry Kahnweiler
Arthur Rackham – Illustrations to Der Ring des Nibelungen ( publication begins )
Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Nude ( National Museum of Serbia , Belgrade )
Self-portrait
Henri Rousseau – The Dream
Egon Schiele
Kneeling nude self-portrait
Portrait of Eduard Kosmack
Valentin Serov – Ida Rubenstein
Pedro Subercaseaux – The Open Cabildo of 22 May 1810
Adolf Wölfli – Irren-Anstalt Band-Hain
Births
January to June
January 6 – Wright Morris , American novelist , photographer , and essayist ( d. 1998 ) .
January 22 – Joy Adamson , Austria-Kenyan painter and conservationist ( d. 1980 ) .
January 29 – Colin Middleton , Irish artist ( d. 1983 ) .
February 20 – Julian Trevelyan , English printmaker ( d. 1988 )
March 10 – David Rose , American animator ( d. 2006 ) .
March 18 – Leonard Bocour , paint-maker , painter ( d. 1993 ) .
March 31 – Edward Seago , English painter ( d. 1974 ) .
April 12 – Gillo Dorfles , Italian art critic , painter , philosopher and poet ( d. 2018 ) .
April 24 – Fuller Potter , American Abstract expressionist artist ( d. 1990 ) .
April 29 – Edward Wesson , English watercolour artist ( d. 1983 ) .
May 7 – Robert Darwin , English painter and Rector of the Royal College of Art ( d. 1974 )
May 23
Hugh Casson , British architect , interior designer , artist , writer and broadcaster ( d. 1999 ) .
Franz Kline , painter ( d. 1962 ) .
June 6 – Hélène de Beauvoir , French painter ( d. 2001 ) .
June 8
C. C. Beck , American cartoonist and comic book artist ( d. 1989 ) .
Fernand Fonssagrives , French photographer ( d. 2003 ) .
June 17 – Raymond Poïvet , French cartoonist ( d. 1999 ) .
July to December
14 July – William Hanna , American cartoonist ( d. 2001 ) .
22 July – Antonio Rodríguez Luna , Spanish painter ( d. 1985 ) .
30 July – Edgar de Evia , Mexican-born American photographer ( d. 2003 ) .
1 August
James Henry Govier , English painter ( d. 1974 ) .
Gerda Taro , born Gerta Pohorylle , German-born war photographer ( k. 1937 ) .
19 August – Quentin Bell , English art historian and author ( d. 1996 ) .
25 August – Dorothea Tanning , American painter ( d. 2012 ) .
28 August – Morris Graves , American painter and printmaker ( d. 2001 ) .
3 September – Kitty Carlisle Hart , American singer , actress and New York State Council on the Arts member ( d. 2007 ) .
7 October – Henry Plumer McIlhenny , American , art collector , philanthropist and chairman of Philadelphia Museum of Art ( d. 1986 ) .
29 October – Aurélie Nemours , French painter ( d. 2005 ) .
28 November – Garrett Eckbo , American landscape architect ( d. 2000 ) .
2 December – Russell Lynes , American art historian , photographer and author ( d. 1991 ) .
8 December - Constance Howard , English textile artist ( d. 2000 ) .
December – Tullio Crali , Montenegrin-born Futurist painter ( d. 2000 ) .
Deaths
February 14 – John Macallan Swan , English painter and sculptor ( b . 1846 )
March 11 – Willis E. Davis , American landscape painter ( b . 1855 ; suicide at sea )
March 21 – Nadar , French photographer and caricaturist ( b . 1820 )
April 13 – William Quiller Orchardson , British portrait painter ( b . 1835 )
May 1 – John Quincy Adams Ward , American sculptor ( b . 1830 )
May 16 – Henri-Edmond Cross , French pointillist painter ( b . 1856 )
June 28 – Petar Ubavkić , Serbian sculptor and painter ( b . 1852 )
August 10 – Pierre-Adrien Dalpayrat , French ceramicist ( b . 1844 )
September 2 – Henri Rousseau , French primitive painter ( b . 1844 )
September 7 – William Holman Hunt , English pre-Raphaelite painter ( b . 1827 )
September 10 – Emmanuel Frémiet , French sculptor ( b . 1824 )
September 29 – Winslow Homer , American marine painter ( b . 1836 )
November 14 – John LaFarge , American painter and stained glass artist ( b . 1835 )
References
Years of the 20th century in art
1910s in art
Metalurgia Casal was the largest Portuguese motorcycle manufacturer , based in Aveiro . It was founded in 1964 with João Casal as the managing director and Robert Zipprich and other ex-Zundapp engineers as the technical managers . Its first products included agricultural machinery and two strokes ' moped engines based on Zundapp ones . By 1967 it was producing complete motorcycles , the first one being a scooter , the S170 Carina - a copy of the Zundapp R50 - with a 50cc and 4 speed engines . Shortly after it rolled out its first mopeds , the K160 , K161 , K162 and K163 with two speeds , and the K181 with four speeds . Although most of its production were mopeds , it also produced 125cc bikes , namely the K260 , K270 and K276 all , and it had an advanced plan for a 250cc , the K280 . Its range included some 30 or more models , with automatic engines , 2 speed , 4 speed , 5 speed and 6 speed engines Even though its main market was , by far , the domestic market , it also exported some 10 % of its production , mostly to the UK , Netherlands , Denmark and Sweden . It also had a promising joint venture with Solo of Germany under which some models were sold in the German market under the Solo brand . Car production was also planned , but not realised . As the increased purchasing power in their home country Portugal , their most important market , slowed the sales of mopeds , bankruptcy was a fact in February 2000 . In connection with this , unfortunately , parts of the company 's archives were destroyed .
Especially in the 1970s and 1980s , Casal set up various partnerships whose aim was to improve its racing capabilities . The first one was set up in 1971-72 with a Dutch company prior to Huvo and involved the development of Casal 's M154 engine ( 50cc , 5 speed ) for its use as a motocross engine . The engine was ready just before the start of the Portuguese 1972 motocross championship and it became an instant hit . Both in 1972 and 1973 Casal was the undisputed leader in local motocross championship which at that time attracted crowds almost as large as those of big football matches . Further to this , Casal set up at least two other quite important partnerships , both also in the 70s , first with Huvo of Holland and shortly afterwards with Villa of Italy . With Huvo the partnership focused in the development of 50cc racing engines both for road and offroad racing and it proved so successful that they were extensively used in races in the mid 1970s mostly in Portugal but also , to a lesser extent , in Holland and other European countries . With Villa the focus was mostly on the development of offroad bikes of 50cc and 125cc even though Casal also worked with the Italian company on the manufacture of parts for one of Villa 's 250cc racing engines . The best known project of these partnerships was the development of a racer to participate in the World Motorcycle Championships in 80cc class on 1984 and 1985 with excellent results in both seasons .
Even though the last Casal left the factory in 1999 and 2000 , there are still thousands of Casal being used daily throughout Portugal and besides that there is a growing army of Casal enthusiasts with one , two or more Casal in their garages , the most desired models including the K166 Boss , the K181 , the K185 Trial , the K270 and the S170 . Besides Portugal there are Casal collectors also in UK and Sweden , the most desired model in these countries being the K190 which has some resemblance with the Yamaha FS1 .
Among the most interesting Casal models of its last years are the Magnum , the RZ50 and the Arizona , all of them racers powered with the M105 water cooled 6 speed engines . Some of these models where chosen to be modified `` bored out up to 92cc or even more for increased performance . Motoplat ignition and carburetors of up to 32mm flat with bored jets , with lightned balanced crack , rod and piston.The best exhaust was hand built by a local guy using his one bike as test bench . His bike would give a run to the Suzuki RGV 250 or some other 600cc 4-stroke bikes up to 180 km/h .
Today it operates as a Suzuki representative in Portugal .
World Records
In 1980 Jan Nijhuys took a 1/4 mile record with a Casal Sparta Plompen . Quarter mile was covered in 15,26 seconds and record speed after 402m where 94.29 km/h .
In 1981 the Dutch Jan Huberts bettered the 50cc speed record with a HuVo-Casal to 224 km/h .
Racing
To become competitive , Casal made a partnership with the Dutch company HuVo .
This joint venture made possible to score great results in offroad and road racing competitions .
Also , Casal-HuVo joined World Grand Prix in 80cc class on 1984 and 1985 seasons .
External links
50cc Road Racing History http : //www.elsberg-tuning.dk/recordbikes.html
Rebuilding a 1975 Casal K166 Moped http : //david.szego.me/blog/ ? p=23
Casal on the Portuguese reference motorcycle brands database website `` Motos de Portugal '' http : //motosdeportugal.com/en/brands/casal
References
Robert M. Croucher , `` The Observer Book of Motorcycles '' , Warne , London ( 1980 )
`` SoClassicas '' , Lisbon ( 2018 )
Motorcycle manufacturers of Portugal
Defunct companies of Portugal
The second season of Queer as Folk , an American and Canadian television series , consisted of twenty episodes and premiered on Showtime on January 6 , 2002 , in the United States and on Showcase on January 21 , 2002 , in Canada .
Cast
Main cast
Gale Harold as Brian Kinney
Randy Harrison as Justin Taylor
Hal Sparks as Michael Novotny
Peter Paige as Emmett Honeycutt
Scott Lowell as Ted Schmidt
Thea Gill as Lindsay Peterson
Michelle Clunie as Melanie Marcus
Robert Gant as Ben Bruckner
Sharon Gless as Debbie Novotny
Jack Wetherall as Vic Grassi
Supporting cast
Sherry Miller as Jennifer Taylor
Makyla Smith as Daphne Chanders
Fabrizio Filippo as Ethan Gold
Peter MacNeill as Carl Horvath
Bruce Gray as George Shickel
Carlo Rota as Gardner Vance
Lindsey Connell as Tracey
Stephanie Moore as Cynthia
Nancy Anne Sakovich as Leda
Episodes
References
2002 Canadian television seasons
2002 American television seasons
Queer as Folk
PLAYPOWER is a 2008-started non-profit organization designed to create free educational computer software for low income families in India and other developing countries . After 2012 the project was reformed as Playpower Labs , LLC , which focuses now on educational games for mobile platforms .
Concept
The games are designed to run on 8-bit systems , using designs and processors that are in the public domain e.g . Famicom clones which patents have expired , which allows the games to be run on very low-cost computers . For $ 12 , families can buy a compatible computer with an 8-bit , 6502 processors , a keyboard , a slot for game cartridges , a mouse , and two game controllers . Lacking its own monitor , the computer plugs into a TV screen for display . Part of the software should be acquired as source code of abandoned educational games , like Number Munchers and Lemonade Stand , and ported by the open-source community .
At least three games were in production as of early 2010 , `` Hanuman Typing warrior '' , `` Hanuman 's Quiz Adventure '' and the `` Mosquito game '' . The project opened the source code for these three games , written in assembly . One of them teaches players how to type , which can greatly improve their earning potential in the job market . Another is a multiple choice question game , somewhat similar to that featured in the film Slumdog Millionaire . And finally , a different game was created to raise awareness of malaria ( which infects 1.5 million people a year in India ) by allowing players to kill mosquitoes and accumulate points toward antimalarial mosquito nets .
History
The organization was founded in 2008 by Derek Lomas and Daniel Rehn , who were students at the University of California at San Diego at the time , and Jeremy Douglass , a postdoctoral research fellow at the same school at the time .
In 2012 Daniel Rehn announced on his private homepage the PowerPlay project as `` finished '' .
After 2012 the Playpower project was transformed to `` Playpower Labs , LLC '' and offers now mobile platform educational games via Apple 's Itunes store and Google 's play store .
Reception
PLAYPOWER won the MacArthur Foundation 's Digital Media and Learning Competition in 2009 , for which it received $ 180,000 to help fund its activities . More than 100 volunteer programmers from around the world have signed up to help develop games .
The project was noted broadly in the academic domain and by the web community like BoingBoing .
See also
Uzebox
References
External links
Hanuman Typing Warrior NES game and source code on groups.google.com
Appropriate technology
Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clones
Open-source video games
Educational video games
Non-profit organizations based in California
Information and communication technologies in Asia
Video game organizations
The 2015 Darlington Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of the Darlington Borough Council in England . It was held on the same day as other local elections .
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
2010s in County Durham
In Greek mythology , Tiasa ( Ancient Greek : Τίασα ) was a Naiad nymph of a river near Amyclae , Sparta . She was a Laconian princess as the daughter of King Eurotas and Cleta , and thus sister of Sparta .
By the river Tiasa was situated a temple of Cleta and Phaenna , the two Charites recognized in Sparta , which was purported to have been founded by Lacedaemon .
Notes
References
Athenaeus of Naucratis , The Deipnosophists or Banquet of the Learned . London . Henry G. Bohn , York Street , Covent Garden . 1854 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Athenaeus of Naucratis , Deipnosophistae . Kaibel . In Aedibus B.G . Teubneri . Lipsiae . 1887 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Naiads
Nymphs
Princesses in Greek mythology
Women in Greek mythology
Laconian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Laconian mythology
Mack William James ( born February 11 , 1950 ) is an American professional basketball player . He had played collegiately at Tyler Junior College and Marshall University before joining the Kentucky Colonels in the American Basketball Association in early January 1974 . He appeared in one game for the Colonels before being waived at the end of the month to make room for rookie Jim Bradley .
References
1950 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Indiana
Kentucky Colonels players
Marshall Thundering Herd men 's basketball players
People from Scott County , Indiana
Point guards
Tyler Apaches men 's basketball players
Haus Publishing is a London-based publishing company which was established in 2002 .
History
Haus Publishing was founded in 2002 by Barbara Schwepcke , the former publisher of Prospect magazine . The publisher has a book shop , BookHaus , on the premises . Starting with non-fiction they now cover many more types of books .
Arabia Books
Arabia Books was founded as a joint venture by Haus Publishing and the independent UK publisher Arcadia Books in March 2008 . The imprint publishes contemporary fiction in translation from the Arabic . Arcadia are no longer involved with the running of Arabia Books .
References
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
2002 establishments in England
Publishing companies established in 2002
British companies established in 2002
Dobrinje may refer to :
Dobrinje , Visoko , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Dobrinje , Montenegro
Dobrinje ( Tutin ) , Serbia
See also
Dobrinja ( disambiguation )
The UXU Ranch is a historic dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest near Wapiti , Wyoming . The ranch began as a sawmill , as early as 1898 . In 1929 Bronson Case `` Bob '' Rumsey obtained a permit from the U.S. Forest Service to operate a dude ranch on the property , using the sawmill headquarters building , a lodge , and tent cabins . Most of the current structures were built in the 1920s and 1930s from lumber milled on the site .
Initial accommodations were tent cabins , with permanent cabins built in the 1930s from local lumber sawn on site . For much of the ranch 's history the only access to the lodge and cabins from the road was across a footbridge . A camelback truss bridge was relocated to the site in 1969 to provide vehicular access . The ranch has changed hands a number of times since the Bronson 's tenure , but remains one of the most authentic examples of a working dude ranch in Wyoming .
The main lodge dates to the late 1920s . The irregular one story log building stands on a concrete and stone foundation . The lodge borrows details from the Old Faithful Inn for the entrance porch and deck . The interior features peeled log finishes . Guest cabins are typically log cabins on stone foundations . Other buildings from the period of significance include an outhouse and a root cellar .
The ranch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 . It continues to operate as a guest ranch .
References
External links
UXU Ranch website
at the National Park Service 's NRHP database
UXU Ranch at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Park County , Wyoming
Dude ranches in Wyoming
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County , Wyoming
Avinash Mukherjee ( born 1 August 1997 ) is an Indian television actor . He is best known for his portrayal of Jagdish `` Jagya '' Singh in Balika Vadhu . He also played Ranbir Khanna in Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyaar and Soham Singh in Shakti . He is currently seen as Aarav Oswal in the TV series Sasural Simar Ka 2 .
Filmography
Television
Web series
Awards
References
External links
Living people
Indian television male child actors
Indian male television actors
21st-century Indian male actors
1997 births
Dylan Dog : Dead of Night is a 2011 American action comedy film based on Tiziano Sclavi 's Italian comic book Dylan Dog , starring Brandon Routh as the antagonisted eponymous and self-aware detective . The film was released in Italy on March 16 , 2011 , and in the United States on April 29 , 2011 . The film received negative reviews from critics and grossed just $ 5 million on a $ 20 million budget .
Plot
In New Orleans , Dylan Dog , an ace detective whose specialty is paranormal cases , narrates how he helped people with their cases until his wife , Cassandra , was killed by vampires . Since then he has been doing regular cases with his `` partner '' , Marcus Deckler .
One night when Elizabeth Ryan calls her father without getting an answer , she goes to her father 's room and finds him dead on the floor . She is then surprised , and almost attacked , by a strange hairy creature . The next day Dylan is informed by Marcus that Elizabeth asked for ( and later hires ) him . When Dylan interrogates her she explains that he is the only one who can help her ; he shows him a card ( his old detective card ) that says `` No pulse ? No problem '' . Dylan sees it , stands up and goes out , stating that he does n't `` do that '' any more , followed by Marcus .
That night Marcus is attacked and killed by an unknown creature ( who Dylan thinks is the same creature that killed Elizabeth 's father ) . Dylan decides to officially help Elizabeth with her case . He retrieves an old forensics kit from under the floorboards of his office and goes to Elizabeth 's house . After finding a hair sample in the tree outside her father 's study , he tells Elizabeth that the creature that killed her father is a female eighteen- to nineteen-year-old werewolf who is a member of the Cysnos werewolf clan . Dylan visits the Cysnos leader , Gabriel—an old friend of his—and realizes that Gabriel 's 19-year-old daughter Mara might be his main suspect , an idea that makes Gabriel very angry . After he is told off by Gabriel , Dylan is attacked by Gabriel 's older son Wolfgang who is then knocked unconscious by Dylan , using a silver gauntlet .
Dylan then finds Mara dead in a warehouse and is briefly attacked by an unknown vampire . He then goes to Elizabeth in order to determine what connections may exist between those involved . She shows him a book of artifacts her father imported and indicates that one of the items pictured is now missing after having been smuggled into the country . The same vampire from earlier attacks Dylan and Elizabeth at her home along with two others demanding `` The Heart . '' Dylan fends them off long enough for them to make an escape and continue the investigation .
Dylan then goes to the morgue ( which is run by zombies ) to see Marcus 's wound and discovers that Marcus has been turned into a zombie ( and he also has a missing arm ) . Marcus initially does n't believe Dylan , but finally accepts his condition after Dylan shoots him to prove it . Dylan then takes both Marcus and Elizabeth to `` the body shop '' , which is a black market for body parts . While Marcus looks for a new arm , Dylan talks with the owner and is informed that the vampires , led by Vargas , are after an artifact known as `` The heart '' . Dylan then goes to the Corpus House , a nightclub owned by Vargas . He talks to Vargas , an arrogant young vampire who denies being involved with the murders and tells Dylan to go while he still lets him do so .
Dylan then visits his old vampire friend , Borelli . Borelli tells Dylan that the artifact known as `` The heart '' is called `` The heart of Belial '' , a cross-like relic that holds the blood of Belial , an ancient monster who can not be killed unless his/her master is destroyed . After he finds the heart in the tomb of vampire elder known as Sclavi , Dylan is ambushed by Vargas ' men . After he awakens , Vargas traps him and Marcus inside the crypt , and takes the Heart . Before sealing the pair up , Vargas reveals that he was the one who killed Cassandra years ago , thus provoking Dylan to kill the vampire elders and leave Vargas in charge . After Marcus digs himself out and releases Dylan , the duo goes after Vargas who has taken Elizabeth to the Corpus House . Vargas reveals to Elizabeth that he intends to turn her into a vampire and inject the blood of Belial into her . Dylan enters the Corpus House and finds that both Vargas and Elizabeth are gone .
On his way to find Elizabeth and Vargas , Dylan realizes that Elizabeth is the real enemy and wants to turn Vargas into Belial as a revenge for her father 's murder . She tells him that the reason is not revenge , instead she explains that her family - an organization of monster hunters - are the `` good guys '' and that the `` monsters '' ( vampires , werewolves , zombies , etc . ) must be destroyed . Dylan says that she is wrong and that she is the monster . She injects the blood into Vargas 's body and escapes , but before she can do so she is attacked by Marcus who is knocked down by her . Dylan fights off Belial ( who is slowly taking over Vargas 's body ) when Elizabeth tries to stop Belial from killing Dylan , claiming he should do as she says because she is its master . Belial states the who stops him , including his master , is his enemy . After knocking her away , Belial continues after Dylan while Elizabeth escapes while Wolfgang ( who was called by Dylan before the battle ) and his werewolf allies attack Elizabeth . They manage to subdue and kill Elizabeth , and at the same time Belial dies in front of Dylan leaving Vargas 's unconscious body . Dylan gives the heart to Wolfgang , the only one that Dylan can trust to protect it , and goes with Marcus .
Finally , Dylan decides to revive his paranormal detective agency . Using copies of the same card that Elizabeth gave him earlier , calling Marcus `` partner '' ; something that Marcus had wanted for a long time .
Cast
Production
Screenwriters Thomas Dean Donnelly and Joshua Oppenheimer initially set the film up at Dimension Films in 1998 . Oppenheimer lobbied for Breck Eisner to direct , having already produced his student short film Recon . The film was produced by independent film companies Platinum Studios and Hyde Park Entertainment , distributed by Freestyle Releasing , and directed by Kevin Munroe . It starred Brandon Routh , Sam Huntington , Anita Briem , Peter Stormare , and Taye Diggs . This was the second time Routh and Huntington co-starred in a film together , the previous film being Superman Returns .
Release
The film was released in the United States and Canada on , 2011 . The film was released in Italy on , 2011 . The world premiere took place on March 15 .
Reception
Box office
Dylan Dog : Dead of Night grossed $ 1.2 million in the United States and Canada , and $ 4.6 million in other territories , for a worldwide total of $ 5.8 million , against a $ 20 million production budget .
Critical response
On review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of 7 % based on 43 reviews , with an average rating of 3.43/10 . The website 's critics consensus called the film `` an uninspired , feebly-acted horror/comedy that produces little scares and laughs . '' On Metacritic , the film holds a weighted average score of 31 out of 100 , based on 10 critics , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' .
Luca Raffaelli of la Repubblica , said `` it 's a good B-movie inspired by a great top-league European comic '' , and pointed out that the character of Brandon Routh `` is hollow '' while the original comic character `` uses the horror to talk about modern society 's problems '' . Roberto Castrogiovanni ( www.Movieplayer.it ) tries not to compare the movie to the original comic , but states that `` not everything is perfect '' , and the biggest problem is `` the original plot and the development of the screenplay '' : the plot is predictable , dialogues contain the usual stereotypes , and the main character is just the usual American action-man . Federica Aliano ( www.Film.it ) heavily criticized the movie , saying `` it 's far worse than any bad expectation '' , and highlighted the big difference with the original comic : `` the mature feeling of Tiziano Sclavi 's masterpiece could never be achieved by using splatter and beautiful images , but by using psychological introspection and by projecting into reality the nightmares and fears of characters and readers '' . Federico Gironi ( Coming Soon Television ) refers to the film without comparing it to the original comic , and notes many similarities with Underworld , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and True Blood , which make the film `` like baby food , good for an extremely young target [ audience ] without a deep critical edge '' , although the director `` avoids disappointing the audience and gets a couple of good gags [ in ] '' .
The film was also negatively received by Marco Lucio Papaleo ( www.Everyeye.it ) , who gave it an overall score of 5 out of 10 : `` Technically Dylan Dog : Dead of Night is not bad , and sometimes even interesting . But it is not Dylan Dog . And even if all the names were changed , it would just be a nice movie , but actually [ one ] already seen and useless . ''
See also
Cemetery Man , another film based on a work by Tiziano Sclavi .
References
External links
2011 films
2011 action comedy films
2011 horror films
2010s comedy horror films
American action comedy films
American action horror films
American comedy horror films
2010s English-language films
Latin-language films
Films with screenplays by Thomas Dean Donnelly and Joshua Oppenheimer
Films based on Italian comics
Films directed by Kevin Munroe
Films shot in New Orleans
American supernatural horror films
Occult detective fiction
Vampire comedy films
Films scored by Klaus Badelt
Live-action films based on comics
2011 comedy films
Films produced by Gilbert Adler
2010s American films
David Spencer Gossett ( born April 28 , 1979 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Web.com Tour ( formerly the Nationwide Tour ) .
Gossett was born in Phoenix , Arizona . His father introduced him to the game of golf and he competed in his first tournament at age 10 . He went to Germantown High School in Germantown , Tennessee . and was part of the IMG golf academy in Bradenton Florida ( it was then called , David Leadbetter Golf Academy ) . Gossett attended the University of Texas , and was a two-time first-team All-American member of the golf team . He won the U.S . Amateur , the Big 12 Championship , and was the Big 12 Student-Athlete of the Year in 1999 . He was also a member of the Walker Cup team in 1999 . He turned pro in 2000 .
As winner of the U.S . Amateur , Gossett was supposed to play in the U.S. Open in the same group as defending champion Payne Stewart , but Stewart perished in a plane crash in October 1999 .
Gossett won his first official PGA Tour event in 2001 at the John Deere Classic but his play did n't stay at champion level . He lost his fully exempt status in 2004 , and had to split his playing time between the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour afterwards . He spent the early part of the decade trying to get back on the PGA Tour through the Web.com Tour and the Adams Pro Tour . Gossett qualified for the 2014 U.S Open , his first since 2000 . Gossett also played in the John Deere Classic and the Barracuda Championship , but missed the cut in both . Once considered a golf prodigy with comparisons to Peter Hanson , Gossett 's PGA Tour status is extremely limited due to lack of play and results . He is currently a commercial real estate agent in Nashville , Tennessee .
Amateur wins
1998 Red River Classic , Tucker Invitational , Golf Digest Collegiate Invitational
1999 U.S . Amateur , Big 12 Championship
Professional wins ( 1 )
PGA Tour wins ( 1 )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' indicates a tie for a place
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Junior Ryder Cup : 1997
Walker Cup : 1999
References
External links
American male golfers
Texas Longhorns men 's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Phoenix , Arizona
Golfers from Texas
People from Germantown , Tennessee
People from Travis County , Texas
1979 births
Living people
Only Time Will Tell is a collaborative record by Ian Gomm and Jeb Loy Nichols , released in 2010 on the Relaxa Records International record label .
Track listing
`` Take This Hurt Off Me '' - 2:59
`` Hold On To A Dream '' - 4:14
`` I 'll Take Good Care Of You '' - 4:10
`` Snakes and Ladders '' - 4:39
`` Surprise Surprise '' - 3:10
`` Mister Moon '' - 3:05
`` Quiet Life '' - 2:03
`` Hooked On Love '' - 4:36
`` You Must Believe Me '' - 4:41
`` Lovers Walk '' - 3:15
`` Years From Now '' - 2:39
`` Go Through Sunday '' - 5:43
`` No-One Love You Like I Do '' - 3:43
`` I Ca n't Write Another Song '' - 3:43
Reception
References
2010 albums
Jeb Loy Nichols albums
Teleskop ( ) was a Russian literary , philosophical and political magazine published in Moscow in 1831-1836 by Nikolai Nadezhdin , who was also its editor-in-chief . Originally a fortnightly publication , it became a weekly in 1834 . Another Nadezhin 's project , Molva ( Молва , Rumour , 1831-1986 ) , originally a 'news and fashion ' magazine , in 1932 became a newspaper and literary supplement to Teleskop .
Among the authors whose works appeared in Teleskop regularly , were Mikhail Pogodin , Stepan Shevyryov , Alexander Pushkin , Fyodor Tyutchev , Alexander Polezhayev , Nikolai Stankevich and Alexey Koltsov . Vissarion Belinsky joined in 1833 to become a year later Nadezhdin 's co-editor .
In 1836 the magazine published Pyotr Chaadaev 's `` Philosophical Letter '' and was promptly closed , as was Molva .
References
1831 establishments in the Russian Empire
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Defunct magazines published in Russia
Magazines established in 1831
Magazines disestablished in 1836
Mass media in Moscow
Russian-language magazines
Literary magazines published in Russia
Weekly magazines published in Russia
Tita Tovenaar or TiTa Tovenaar ( translation : Tita the wizard ) is a Dutch children 's television series , which was produced by the Nederlandse Omroep Stichting and ran between 1972 and 1974 . At the time it was popular enough to inspire audio plays and a comic strip . Tita Tovenaar remained popular in repeats and was adapted into a 2005 stage musical . Between 2008 and 2009 it briefly returned to Dutch TV screens in a new version .
1972-1974 version
Tita Tovenaar is set in a castle in the clouds , where Tita the absent-minded wizard lives with his daughter Tika . She learns how to conduct magic , but her spells often have a different outcome since her father is so absent-minded . Others characters are Tato the magic monkey and the Grobbevogel bird , whose eggs create monstrous birds who terrorize Earth . Many episodes revolve around their magic endeavours and the effect they have on the people on Earth .
In the second season new characters like Kwark the sorcerer 's apprentice and Grobelia the witch and her mother Grobbema made their entry .
The series was written by Lo Hartog van Banda and the songs by Joop Stokkermans .
Cast
Ton Lensink : Tita Tovenaar .
Maroesja Lacunes : Tika .
Tim Beekman : Frederik .
Riet Wieland Los : Amalia , Miepje Hazelaar
Marlies van Alcmaer : Petronella .
Maélys Morel : Grobelia .
Mela Soesman : Grobbema .
Teja Vossen : Grobbekuiken .
Success and merchandising
Tita Tovenaar was quite popular at the time . It inspired novelisations , audio play records , songs , dolls , magic lanterns and a comic strip drawn by Frans Piët , the creator of Sjors en Sjimmie . To this day the series is often repeated on Dutch public television .
Revival in the 2000s
In 2005 the series was adapted into a musical , produced by the Dutch theme park De Efteling and its theater Efteling Theater . None of the original actors returned : instead new actors were cast : Erik Brey ( Tita ) , ( Tika ) , ( Grobelia ) , ( Kwark ) , ( Grobbema ) , Sander Jan Klerk ( Tom de Tuinman ) , ( Opa Tovenaar ) , ( Grobbebol Geeltje ) en ( Grobbebol Broer ) . This musical version also became the basis of the 2008-2009 TV reboot .
Sources
1972 Dutch television series debuts
1974 Dutch television series endings
2008 Dutch television series debuts
2009 Dutch television series endings
Dutch children 's television series
Dutch fantasy television series
Dutch television shows featuring puppetry
Supernatural television series
Television shows adapted into comics
Television shows adapted into novels
Television shows adapted into plays
Wizards in television
Alampla palaeodes is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914 . It is found in Taiwan and Guangdong , China .
References
Moths described in 1914
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The 1984–85 SM-liiga season was the tenth season of the SM-liiga , the top level of ice hockey in Finland . 10 teams participated in the league , and Ilves Tampere won the championship .
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
TPS - Ässät 3:2 ( 2:7 , 2:4 , 6:1 , 3:2 , 5:2 )
Ilves - Kärpät 3:1 ( 2:4 , 3:2 , 5:2 , 5:3 )
3rd place
Kärpät - Ässät 2:1 ( 7:2 , 3:4 , 4:1 )
Final
TPS - Ilves 2:3 ( 3:2 , 6:1 , 1:8 , 2:3 , 2:3 )
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1984–85 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Dantoni may refer to :
D'Antoni , Italian surname
See also
D'Antonio , Italian surname
Yonkang Foundation is an academic and scholarship foundation supporting academic , cultural and scholarship programs since its establishment in 1978 , to honor the will of the first chairman of Doosan Group , the late Doo Byung Park ( whose penname was Yonkang ) .
Main Programs
Scholarships
Academic Research Support
Overseas Academic Tour for Teachers
Educational Welfare
The Book Donation Program
Cultural & Art Activities
The de la Bere Baronetcy , of Crowborough in the County of Sussex , was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom . It was created on 18 November 1953 for Rupert de la Bere , Conservative Member of Parliament for Evesham and South Worcestershire and Lord Mayor of London . He was descended from the de La Bere family of Southam de la Bere in Gloucestershire . The baronetcy became extinct on the death of the 3rd baronet , who never proved his succession , on 10 February 2017 .
De la Bere baronets , of Crowborough ( 1953 )
Sir Rupert de la Bere , 1st Baronet ( 1893–1978 )
Sir Cameron de la Bere , 2nd Baronet ( 1933–2014 )
Sir Adrian de la Bere , 3rd Baronet ( 1939–2017 )
Notes
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 ,
De la Bere
Zeina Shaban ( ; born 12 May 1988 ) is a Jordanian table tennis player and a member of the Jordanian royal family . She is considered one of Jordan 's most promising athletes for her excellence and outstanding achievement in sport . She competed at the ITTF World Junior Cup circuit and Liebherr World Championships , and achieved her sporting success by winning two silver medals from the Arab Cup . Shaban was also given an opportunity to qualify for two Olympic games by obtaining a scholarship from the Olympic Solidarity Fund . Shaban is right-handed and uses the shakehand grip with an attacking chopper . As of December 2008 , she is ranked no . 278 in the world by the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) .
In 2011 , she married Prince Rashid bin Hassan , after which she became known as Princess Zeina Rashid . The couple has two sons .
Table tennis career
Born in Amman , Jordan , Shaban was introduced to table tennis at the age of six , where she occasionally played with her father . In 1996 , she headed with her family to watch the Summer Olympic games in Atlanta , Georgia . Shaban rapidly changed her life , when she first met Chinese table tennis player and then-world champion Deng Yaping , who motivated her to play for the sport .
Following her training in China and even in Europe , Shaban achieved an early success in table tennis , when she claimed the title for the under-14 category at the national junior championships . At the age of ten , she made her inaugural international appearance at the U.S. Open Table Tennis Tournament in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , where she displayed her exquisite talent and performance to obtain the tournament title in the women 's under-10 category . She continued to build her success in sport by participating as the nation 's leading player at the ITTF World Junior Circuit , ITTF Pro Tour and at both the Liebherr World Individual Championships and World Team Championships . She also won two silver medals at the Arab Cup in Sanaa , Yemen ( 2003 ) and in Beirut , Lebanon ( 2004 ) .
In 2003 , Shaban became a seasoned veteran , and was named Jordan 's athlete of the year . She also became one of the most distinguished and promising
athletes to be selected for an Olympic Solidarity Scholarship , which helped improve her chances to qualify for the Olympic games .
At age sixteen , Shaban made her official debut for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , after booking her place from the West Asian Olympic Qualification Tournament in Doha , Qatar . She reached the second preliminary match of the women 's singles , where she lost to three-time Olympian Adriana Simion-Zamfir of Romania . Shortly after the Olympics , she was awarded the prestigious King Hussein Medal for Achievement by His Majesty King Abdullah II , for her full participation to the games and vast display of sportsmanship and national pride .
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , Shaban was given the honor and prestige of carrying the nation 's flag in the opening ceremony . She competed for the second time in the women 's singles tournament , where she lost her first match to the Czech Republic 's Dana Hadačová , with a set score of 0–4 .
Shaban is a member of TTF Liebherr Ochsenhausen and 3B Berlin Table Tennis Club in Germany , being coached and trained by Swedish national Anders Johansson .
Personal life
Shaban is also a management graduate , with a degree major in economics , at the Royal Holloway , University of London . On July 22 , 2011 , she married Prince Rashid bin Hassan at the Basman Palace in Amman . She has given birth to two sons , Prince Hassan and Prince Talal since her marriage .
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1988 births
Living people
Jordanian female table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of Jordan
Table tennis players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Alumni of Royal Holloway , University of London
Sportspeople from Amman
Zeina
Princesses by marriage
Divisions are the first-level administrative divisions in Bangladesh . As of 2022 , there are eight divisions of Bangladesh , each named after the major city within its jurisdiction that also serves as the administrative seat of that division . Each division is divided into several districts which are further subdivided into upazilas , then union councils .
History
Following the independence of Bangladesh in 1971 , the country had four divisions : Chittagong Division , Dacca Division , Khulna Division , and Rajshahi Division . In 1982 , the English spelling of the Dacca Division ( along with the name of the capital city ) was changed into Dhaka Division to more closely match the Bengali pronunciation .
In 1993 , Barisal Division was split off from Khulna Division , and in 1995 , Sylhet Division was split off from Chittagong Division . On 25 January 2010 , Rangpur Division was split off from Rajshahi Division . On 14 September 2015 , Mymensingh Division was split off from Dhaka Division and added as the eighth division . In 2015 , the process started to create two more divisions : Comilla Division and Faridpur Division . In October 2021 , Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina announced the formation of two new divisions , Meghna and Padma , named after the eponymous rivers , in the places of Comilla and Faridpur Divisions .
Divisional Commissioner
Divisional Commissioner is the administrative head of a division . Divisional Commissioner is appointed by the government from an Additional Secretary level officer of Bangladesh Civil Service ( B.C.S . ) Administration Cadre . The role of a Divisional Commissioner 's office is to act as the supervisory head of all the government offices ( except the central government offices ) situated in the division . A Divisional Commissioner is given the direct responsibility of supervising the revenue and development administration of a division . The Divisional Commissioner is assisted by the several Additional Divisional Commissioners , Senior Assistant Commissioners and other bureaucratic officials .
List of divisions
The following table outlines some key statistics about the eight divisions of Bangladesh as found in the 2011 Population and Housing Census conducted by the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics ( B.B.S . ) .
Proposed divisions
Two more divisions have been proposed to ease down administrative work load due to increase in population :
Meghna Division – proposed to consist of the six northern districts of the current Chittagong Division : Brahmanbaria , Chandpur , Cumilla , Feni , Laxmipur , and Noakhali .
Padma Division – proposed to consist of Faridpur , Gopalganj , Madaripur , Rajbari , and Shariatpur districts .
Their formation has been confirmed in October 2021 by the Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina .
See also
ISO 3166 codes
List of regions of Bangladesh by Human Development Index
Districts of Bangladesh
Upazilas of Bangladesh
Union councils of Bangladesh
Villages of Bangladesh
References
Subdivisions of Bangladesh
Divisions
Bangladesh 1
Divisions , Bangladesh
Bangladesh geography-related lists
is a 1977 Japanese/American tokusatsu co-production , co-directed by Alexander Grasshoff and Tsununobu Kotani ( the latter billed as Tom Kotani ) , and co-produced by Japan 's Tsuburaya Productions and Rankin/Bass Productions . The picture was filmed at Tsuburaya Studios in Tokyo and on location in the Japanese Alps . The film was intended for a U.S. theatrical release , but failed to find a distributor and ended up as a television film , airing on ABC on February 11 , 1977 in an edited 92-minute run time . The film was eventually picked up for overseas markets by Cinema International Corporation , where it was released in the unedited 106-minute version as a double feature in the U.K. with the edited version of Sorcerer ( the latter considered a remake of The Wages of Fear ) . Toho also picked up distribution rights to The Last Dinosaur in Japan for a theatrical release utilizing the unedited 106-minute version in English with Japanese subtitles , and later the film debuted on Japanese television dubbed in Japanese .
The film stars Richard Boone and Joan Van Ark . William Overgard wrote the screenplay . The score was composed , as was most of the music for all Rankin/Bass specials and series , by Maury Laws , while the title song `` He 's the Last Dinosaur '' , with lyrics by Jules Bass , was sung by Nancy Wilson , and arranged and conducted by Bernard Hoffer .
Plot
Wealthy big-game hunter Maston Thrust has a multimillion-dollar company , Thrust Inc. , which drills for oil under the polar caps with a manned laser drill called the `` Polar Borer '' . Following one expedition , only one man , geologist Chuck Wade , returns ; he explains that the drill was going through a routine check in the icecaps when it surfaced into a valley super-heated by a volcano . When the crew , except for Wade , began exploring the area , they were devoured by a Tyrannosaurus rex . Thrust decides to go there himself to study the creature . He brings with him Chuck ; Bunta , a Maasai tracker ; Dr. Kawamoto ; and Frankie Banks , a Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer selected by the press pool . Thrust is initially unwilling to let Frankie join the crew , but she manages to convince him to allow her on the expedition by seducing him .
Upon arriving at the isolated valley using the Polar Borer , the group notices flying Pteranodons . Once they raft to shore , they avoid being trampled by a Uintatherium . After setting up camp , Maston , Chuck , Bunta , and Frankie go out looking for the T. rex , while Kawamoto remains at the camp . The party encounters the T. rex and narrowly escapes from it . Later , the T. rex find the camp , destroying it and kills Kawamoto . It then attacks the Polar Borer and throws it into a canyon containing a bone field . While he continues his attack on the Polar Borer , a Triceratops unearths itself from the canyon and the two clash . After a fierce battle , the T. rex kills the Triceratops .
The group returns to the destroyed camp and notice Kawamoto is gone , as well as the Borer , which they mistakenly believe was sunk . Enraged , Thrust vows to kill the dinosaur . After a few months pass , the group is now living in a cave and has a number of encounters with cavemen in the area , but are able to turn them away with a handmade crossbow . They also befriend a cavewoman , who they name Hazel . While Hazel helps Frankie wash her hair , the T. rex returns . Frankie is able to flee to a cave , with the T. rex trying to get in . Thrust , Bunta , and Wade are able to turn it away with a large boulder tied to its tail . Thrust decides to kill the T. rex once and for all with a catapult .
After building the catapult , they wait for the dinosaur . Out hunting , Wade finds the Borer and realizes it is still operable . However , Thrust refuses to leave , wanting to kill the T. rex first . Wade and Frankie leave the camp to get the Borer fixed and then leave , while Thrust and Bunta remain . Once the Borer is launched back in the water , Frankie goes back to convince the others to leave with them one last time . While tracking the T. rex , Bunta is eaten by it . Frankie reunites with Thrust and helps him use the catapult on the T. rex , but it only injures it . The T. rex then goes on a rampage and destroys their catapult .
In the wake of the destruction , Wade arrives and states that they have to leave now or they will be trapped in the valley . Frankie pleads with Thrust to go with them and to leave the T. rex , as it is the `` last one '' . However , Thrust replies `` So am I ... '' , and is therefore left behind with Hazel .
Cast
Richard Boone as Maston Thrust Jr .
Joan Van Ark as Francesca 'Frankie ' Banks
Steven Keats as Chuck Wade
Luther Rackley as Bunta
Masumi Sekiya as Hazel ( cavewoman )
William Ross as Hal ( Mother 1 chief technician )
Carl Hansen as Barney
Tetsu Nakamura as Dr. Kawamoto
Nancy Magsig as Thrust 's girl on plane
Don Maloney as Mother 1 captain
Vanessa Cristina as reporter
James Dale
Hyoe Enoki
Shunsuke Kariya as caveman leader
Gary Gundassen
Toru Kawai as the Tyrannosaurus
Tatsumi Nikamoto as the Triceratops ( front end )
Production
Writing
The film was intended for a US theatrical release , but failed to find a distributor and ended up as a television film . Screenwriter William Overgard pitched to ABC a TV movie about a hunter who travels back in time to kill a dinosaur . ABC rejected the idea in favor if rock musical remake of King Kong . When that fell though , they came back to Overgard to develop his idea .
Filming
While the film featured mostly an English-speaking cast , a Japanese dub was created for the television release in Japan . The Japanese theatrical release , as well as the Japanese laserdisc release , used the English voice cast with Japanese subtitles .
Creature design
Unlike other bigger-budgeted movies that have used state-of-the-art effects ( i.e. , stop motion , puppets , etc . ) for the dinosaurs , this movie uses the `` man in a suit '' method , much like the Godzilla movies of the 1960s and 1970s ( the sound department even borrowed Godzilla 's trademark roar and occasionally mixed it into the T. rexs roar ) . The `` ceratopsian '' ( Uintatherium ) , as well as the Triceratops , were done through the `` two guys in a horse-suit '' technique . The scale ( size ) of the Tyrannosaurus also changes literally from scene to scene , in some cases it appears to be over 40–50 feet tall ( when it attacks the borer ) and can carry it in its mouth , when the Polar Borer is easily well over 10 feet in diameter . However , they do correctly state in the beginning of the movie that a Tyrannosaurus rex is 20 feet high and 40 feet long .
The Tyrannosaurus suit was created by Tsuburaya Production , portrayed by Toru Kawai , who played Godzilla in Zone Fighter and Terror of Mechagodzilla . The T. rex suit was later used for Ururu of the tokusatsu/anime combination TV series Dinosaur War Aizenborg .
The front end of the Triceratops suit was portrayed by Tatsumi Nikamoto , who acted opposite Kawai as Zone Fighter and Titanosaurus in the two works , respectively .
Home video
On May 22 , 2009 , Toho Video released the movie on DVD for the first time anywhere in the world . The DVD contains both English and Japanese audio tracks as well as an audio commentary in Japanese . This release uses an anamorphic 1.78:1 widescreen transfer of the unedited 106-minute theatrical release prepared by U.S. rights holder Warner Bros. , and also contains a 13-minute interview with visual effects director Kazuo Sagawa , a photo gallery ( which includes storyboards , production designs , and behind-the-scenes photos ) , a 15-minute behind-the-scenes production reel narrated by Sagawa , and the original Japanese theatrical release trailer .
On March 22 , 2011 , Warner Home Video released the movie on DVD in the U.S. through their Warner Archive Collection as a `` made to order '' DVD . This release uses the same widescreen transfer of the 106-minute unedited version as the Japanese Toho release , but lacks the supplemental materials .
Related
Journey to the Beginning of Time ( 1955 )
References
External links
1977 films
1977 television films
1970s fantasy films
1970s science fiction films
1970s monster movies
1970s English-language films
English-language Japanese films
1970s Japanese-language films
Films about dinosaurs
Living dinosaurs in fiction
Films scored by Maury Laws
Films shot in Tokyo
Films directed by Alex Grasshoff
Giant monster films
Kaiju films
Science fiction television films
Toho tokusatsu films
Tsuburaya Productions
Rankin/Bass Productions films
Films directed by Tsugunobu Kotani
1977 multilingual films
1970s American films
James Scott Dunlop is a Scottish astronomer and academic . He is Professor of Extragalactic Astronomy at the Institute for Astronomy , an institute within the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Edinburgh .
Education and early life
Dunlop was born and raised on the Clyde coast . He studied physics at the University of Dundee , before moving to the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded a PhD in astrophysics in 1988 for research on redshift in radio galaxies and quasars .
Career and research
After seven years working in England ( where he helped establish the astrophysics group at Liverpool John Moores University ) he returned to Edinburgh and has worked at the Royal Observatory , Edinburgh ever since , apart from two periods in Vancouver . From 2004-2008 and 2013-2019 he was Head of the University of Edinburgh 's Institute for Astronomy ( IfA ) , and in 2019 he became Head of Edinburgh 's School of Physics & Astronomy .
Dunlop is an observational cosmologist who uses the world 's largest telescopes ( including telescopes in space such as the Hubble Space Telescope ) to study the chronology of the universe back to the formation and birth of the first galaxies . His research has been funded by the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , a Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award and the European Research Council .
His doctoral students have included Rebecca Bowler , Victoria Bruce , Maciej Koprowski , Henry Pearce , Alexander Rogers and Anita Schael .
Awards and honours
Dunlop was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) in 2016 , a Fellow of the Institute of Physics ( FInstP ) , and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh ( FRSE ) in 2007 . He received the George Darwin Lectureship in 2014 and the Herschel Medal in 2016 , both from the Royal Astronomical Society .
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of Liverpool John Moores University
British astrophysicists
Scottish astronomers
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
JeffVanderLou ( JVL ) is a neighborhood of St. Louis , Missouri . The neighborhood is situated between North Vandeventer Avenue on the northwest , Natural Bridge Avenue on the northeast , North Jefferson Avenue on the East , Delmar Boulevard on the south , and North Compton Avenue and Martin Luther King Drive on the Southwest .
In a time of racial segregation following the end of slavery , JeffVanderLou was originally designated as the city 's `` Negro District '' and was one of the only places where African Americans were allowed to own land .
It is also where Sportsman 's Park ( later known as Busch Stadium I ) stood from 1902 until 1966 .
Demographics
In 2020 JeffVanderLou 's racial makeup was 92.3 % Black , 2.9 % White , 0.5 % Native American , 0.2 % Asian , 3.6 % Two or More Races , and 0.5 % Some Other Race .
1.5 % of the population was of Hispanic or Latino origin .
See also
Grand Boulevard ( St. Louis )
References
External links
Neighborhood Website
Neighborhood Plan
Neighborhoods in St. Louis
History of racial segregation in the United States
Sir Francis Gosling ( 1719–1768 ) was a partner in Goslings Bank , later Goslings and Sharpe , one of the banks merged into Barclays Bank in 1896 . He was an Alderman of the City of London .
Francis was born in London on 8 December 1719 , the son of Robert Gosling ( 1684–1741 ) and Elizabeth née Douce ( 1692–1729 ) . Robert Gosling was a stationer and bookseller at the Middle Temple Gate .
He was apprenticed to his father and worked as a bookseller and printer from before 1741 to 1757 . In 1742 Francis became a partner in a bank founded by Henry Pinckney , a goldsmith banker c1650 and changed the name to Goslings Bank , continuing to trade under the sign of three squirrels at what became No 19 Fleet Street , London .
He was elected Alderman of the ward of Farringdon without in 1756 ; was Sheriff of London and Middlesex in 1758 . He was knighted by George III on 28 October 1760 when the Lord Mayor and Aldermen waited upon the newly proclaimed king at Saville House . Sir Francis was the next in rotation for election to Lord Mayor of London in 1766 but declined due to his ill-health , Sir Robert Kite was elected in his place .
Family
On 12 November 1742 , in Gray 's Inn Chapel , Francis married Elizabeth née Midwinter ( 1724–1806 ) , a daughter of the late Edward Midwinter ( 1680–1736 ) , printer and bookseller . Consent to her marriage was given by John Osborn and John Atkinson as testamentary guardians , though she lived with Samuel Richardson ( 1684–1761 ) and was pictured with him and his family by Francis Hayman .
References
British booksellers
British bankers
Sheriffs of the City of London
Adel Mohamed Nourredine Gafaiti ( born 16 July 1994 ) is a footballer who plays as a centre-back for Croatian Second Football League side NK Sesvete . Born in France , he represented Algeria at youth international level .
Early career
Rangers
Gafaiti began his career in the youth team at Nancy before joining Rangers in 2011 , for whom he also played youth team football . However , after only one season in Scotland , Gafaiti was among nine players to be released upon their contract coming to an end in the summer due to the ongoing process of the club 's administration .
Norwich City
During summer 2012 , Gafaiti moved to Premier League side Norwich City from Rangers . He made 24 appearances for the Norwich U-21 side . On 1 July 2013 , he was called up to the senior squad but made no appearances . Despite not making a first team appearance , Gafaiti was linked a move away from Norwich City , as clubs from Europe were keen to sign him .
During the January 2014 transfer window , Gafaiti moved to Football League One side Oldham Athletic on a season long loan . He made his debut on 22 March 2014 on a 1-0 home victory against Crawley Town , coming on in added time . Only just making one appearance , it was announced on 22 April that Gafaiti had returned to his parent club . After returning to his Norwich City , Gafaiti signed a two-year contract . Gafaiti continued to be in the club 's development squad until his release at the end of the 2015-16 season .
MC Oran
After leaving Norwich City , Gafaiti moved to Algeria , signing for MC Oran .
Yeovil Town
In September 2018 , Gafaiti returned to England to join the Endorsed Academy and signed for its partner club South West Peninsula League Division One side Mousehole . On 24 November 2018 , Gafaiti signed for EFL League Two side Yeovil Town on a short-term contract . At the end of the 2018–19 season , Gafaiti was released by Yeovil following the club 's relegation from the Football League .
International career
Gafaiti chose to represent Algeria at international level , and was capped at the under-20 level .
Career statistics
References
External links
1994 births
Algeria youth international footballers
Algerian footballers
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in England
Algerian expatriate footballers
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in England
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
French expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French footballers
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Association football defenders
Living people
Norwich City F.C . players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C . players
People from Nanterre
English Football League players
Rangers F.C . players
MC Oran players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
Yeovil Town F.C . players
Truro City F.C . players
Wealdstone F.C . players
Hayes & Yeading United F.C . players
NK Sesvete players
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
French expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
French expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Ukrainian Premier League players
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
Southern Football League players
First Football League ( Croatia ) players
Mousehole A.F.C . players
Iglesia de San Francisco ( `` San Francisco church '' ) is a church in Caracas , Venezuela . Dedicated to Francis of Assisi , it was built in 1593 under the design of Antonio Ruiz Ullán as an annex of the Convent of San Francisco ( now the Palacio de las Academias ) . The church is notable as being the situ where Simón Bolívar received the title `` El Libertador '' ( 1813 ) . His funeral occurred here in 1842 .
References
Roman Catholic churches in Venezuela
Roman Catholic churches in Caracas
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1593
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Venezuela
Tourist attractions in Caracas
A pastry chef or pâtissier ( ; the French female version of the word is pâtissière ) , is a station chef in a professional kitchen , skilled in the making of pastries , desserts , breads and other baked goods . They are employed in large hotels , bistros , restaurants , bakeries , and some cafés .
Duties and functions
The pastry chef is a member of the classic brigade de cuisine in a professional kitchen and is the station chef of the pastry department .
Day-to-day operations can also require the pastry chef to research recipe concepts and develop and test new recipes . Usually the pastry chef does all the necessary preparation of the various desserts in advance , before dinner seating begins . The actual plating of the desserts is often done by another station chef , usually the garde manger , at the time of order . The pastry chef is often in charge of the dessert menu , which , besides traditional desserts , could include dessert wines , specialty dessert beverages , and gourmet cheese platters .
Pastry chefs are also expected to fully understand their ingredients and the chemical reactions that occur when making fine pastries . Precise timing and temperatures are critically important . It is generally preferred to weigh the ingredients ( i.e. , with a kitchen scale ) as opposed to measuring by volume ( e.g. , with a measuring cup ) , as weighing inherently offers far more consistent baking results .
In larger kitchens , the pastry chef may have a number of other chefs working in their station , each responsible for specific types of pastries :
( baker ) : responsible for breads , cakes , and breakfast pastries
( confectioner ) : responsible for candies and petits fours
( decorator ) : responsible for specialty cakes and show pieces
: responsible for cold and frozen desserts
See also
List of chefs
List of pastry chefs
List of restaurant terminology
Pastry chef salary
Pastry blender
Pastry brush
References
Further reading
External links
Pastry Chef Education & Career Guide
Baking industry
Culinary terminology
Restaurant terminology
Fantasy Earth : Basic Rules is a role-playing game published in 1994 by Zody Games .
Description
Fantasy Earth : Basic Rules is a 120-page perfect-bound book that describes the Fantasy Earth role-playing game . It is a generic system — there is no world or universe setting , leaving the gamemaster free to create his or her own world .
Character generation
Players assign 10-sided die rolls to 26 attributes such as Strength and Appearance . Over 120 skills are derived from the attributes . The player then chooses a class : Warrior , Sorcerer , Cleric , Shaman or Burglar . The only race available is human .
Skill resolution
To resolve a skill , the gamemaster sets a success level for the task , which the player must then equal or exceed with a die roll added to the character 's relevant skill level .
Combat
The combat system uses maneuvers and hit locations to allocate damage that can range from superficial to extreme .
Reception
In the April 1996 edition of Dragon ( Issue # 228 ) , Rick Swan wondered why any publisher would create a new generic fantasy role-playing game , given the preponderance of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons , but then admitted that `` Michael Zody forged ahead anyway , with surprisingly credible results . '' Swan found the combat system `` number-heavy but manageable . '' He concluded , `` I do n't imagine many folks will be abandoning their AD & D Player 's Handbook for Fantasy Earth . But if you 're a supporter of the small press , or if you 're looking for a set of ready-made rules to graft onto a homemade setting , you could do worse than this . ''
Reviews
The Familiar ( Issue 2 , February 1995 )
References
Role-playing game books
The ZenFone 6 is a 2019 Android-based smartphone that was manufactured , released , and marketed by Asus . It is the only release in Asus ' sixth-generation ZenFone lineup and directly succeeds the ZenFone 5Z . Asus chairman Jonney Shih unveiled the ZenFone 6 on 16 May 2019 in Valencia , Spain , and was released in Spain the following day .
The ZenFone 6 has a larger display , a faster processor , and upgraded cameras than the ZenFone 5Z . The ZenFone 6 's flip-up camera module doubles as a front-facing camera . It is the first mobile device Asus released after restructuring its smartphone division in late 2018 . The ZenFone 6 was released in the Indian market as the `` Asus 6Z '' .
Despite positive reviews , the ZenFone 6 lacked broad appeal and attracted a niche market of power users and technology enthusiasts . Supply issues resulted in delays and stock shortages , which also interfered with its success . , Asus has not released sales figures for the device , only noting the ZenFone has `` created excellent sales '' .
History
Background
Before the ZenFone 6 was teased at the Mobile World Congress ( MWC Barcelona ) , information about prototype devices was leaked but none of the depicted devices were marketed to the public . In October 2018 , an alleged leak of a prototype smartphone with a semi-circular , off-centre cutout for the front-facing camera was circulated . In February 2019 , another leaked image showed a more conventional device with thick bezels and an iridescent back . Both leaked images showed a device with conventional , vertical , triple-camera array on the rear .
In late 2018 , Asus 's smartphone division undertook an billion restructure to focus on `` power users and gamers '' following the success of the gamer-focused ROG Phone ; the new shift in direction was formalised in a resolution by Asus ' board of directors on 13 December 2018 . Asus announced then-CEO Jerry Shen 's departure from Asus , effective 1 January 2019 .
At the February 2019 MWC Barcelona , Asus announced a launch date of May 16 that year for the phone and teased its design in a promotional silhouette image of the phone 's bezel with no cameras visible . Initially , there were misunderstandings over the launch date after a two-page advertisement in the magazine Mobile World Daily with an incorrect launch date of 14 May 2019 was given to journalists .
In early May 2019 , another supposedly leaked image of the ZenFone 6 appeared ; it showed a device with a form factor similar to the released product , with a similarly mounted rear dual-camera module and a mechanical slider , a retractable front camera mechanism similar to the one used in the Xiaomi Mi MIX 3 in place of the flip mechanism in the final design .
On 14 May 2019 , two days prior to the official unveiling of the ZenFone 6 , accurate renderings and specifications of the device were leaked by Taiwanese outlet Sogi .
Release
Following its unveiling on 16 May 2019 , Asus gradually released the ZenFone 6 to European markets at a starting price of . On 28 May , India 's Delhi High Court issued an interim order restraining Asus from selling smartphones , tablets , and accessories branded `` Zen '' and `` ZenFone '' in violation of Telecare Network India 's Zen Mobile trademark . This led Asus to rebrand the phone as the `` Asus 6Z '' for the Indian market .
The initial international release of the ZenFone 6 , the novel use of liquid metal for the camera module 's casing caused inventory shortages and delays in many markets . Some model configurations were sold out on the day of release in the United States . From 22 July that year , Asus rolled out an over-the-air update to software update version .167 , which caused some users ' devices to crash , reboot , or get stuck in a `` bootloop '' . An Asus representative attributed this behaviour to a hardware issue , saying the update triggers a motherboard malfunction , the only solution to which was a motherboard replacement under existing warranty .
The release of the ZenFone 6 was followed that of by Asus ' ROG Phone II , which was announced in July 2019 and released in September 2019 . The ZenFone supports Google 's Android 9 Pie and Android 10 , both with ZenUI 6 , Asus 's customised Android front end . In November 2019 , Asus released an Android 10 update for the ZenFone 6 , two months after Google 's release of the update to Android .
In late August 2019 , Asus began recruiting ZenFone 6 users for a beta program for Android 11 , which was released to the public in December 2020 . The flip-camera design that was introduced in the ZenFone 6 was also used in the ZenFone 7 series and the ZenFone 8 Flip .
Features
Design
The ZenFone 6 is available in glossy Midnight Black and glossy Twilight Silver , silver-blue shade .
Its unique flip-camera module is similar to that of the Samsung Galaxy A80 , which has a combination sliding-rotating main camera . The camera 's flip mechanism is driven by a miniature stepper motor and a magnetically linked reduction gearbox , resulting in two-degree microsteps . The gearbox prevents direct , external actuation of the stepper motor , reducing the risk of damage to the stepper motor and the internal mechanisms . The camera module 's casing is constructed of an amorphous , metallic alloy that is similar to Liquidmetal in its durability , weight , high yield strength , and anti-wearing properties needed in a mechanical component that is subject to repeated stress .
The IPS LCD display is marketed as a `` NanoEdge display '' for the reduced bezel size . The display 's Corning Gorilla Glass 6 is curved using Nano Molding Technology . The back panel is formed from Gorilla Glass 3 and has a capacitive fingerprint sensor .
On one edge , the ZenFone 6 has a function-customisable `` Smart Key '' with tactile indents , a volume rocker , and a power button that are outlined in blue on the black models .
The ZenFone 6 has received the Good Design Award and a iF Product Design Award .
Hardware
The ZenFone 6 has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 system on a chip running at stock clock speed and memory capacities of 6 GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 64 GB of UFS 2.1 storage , and up to 12 GB and 512 GB respectively for the 30th Anniversary Edition .
The device uses a double-layer , stacked motherboard design that has also been used in Apple 's 2017 iPhone X and later iPhone models . The motherboard 's printed circuit board has Anylayer interconnect technology , resulting in a smaller size , which Asus says enabled them to fit a large 5,000 mAh battery into the chassis .
Software
The ZenFone 6 was debuted alongside ZenUI 6 , a new version of Asus ' customisation of the Android operating system that was initially based on Android 9 . The ZenFone 6 has software features that are specific to the flip camera , including an object-tracking video mode , an auto-panorama mode , and manual camera-angle controls . Changes to ZenUI 6 include a greater focus on single-handed operation , an overhauled notifications menu , dark mode , and reduced stock applications . Reviewers noted ZenUI 6 provides an experience closer to that of stock Android . Reviewers also praised the relatively frequent software updates . Android 10 was released for the device in November 2019 , and Android 11 was released in December 2020 .
Edition 30
On 27 May 2019 , during a special press event at Computex , Asus chairman Jonney Shih unveiled the Asus ZenFone Edition 30 to commemorate Asus ' 30th anniversary . The phone features an exclusive back design , and upgraded storage and RAM to 512 GB and 12 GB respectively . The Edition 30 comes in matte black with a radial finish and has a stylised , 30th anniversary `` A '' with a matte black Asus logo . The device 's hardware and software features are identical to those of the regular models . It is the only model to come with a 30-month warranty and production was limited to 3,000 units .
Reception
The ZenFone 6 received positive reviews from media outlets and was praised for its value proposition , long battery life , near-stock implementation of Android , edge-to-edge display , and general build quality for its price . Asus said the device `` has been well evaluated and created excellent sales '' . The ZenFone 6 is one of the 2019 flagship devices that retained the headphone jack .
Concerns over the long-term durability of the device 's flip camera , especially its novel design , were raised . Asus rates the mechanism to withstand up to 100,000 actuations . Reviewers praised the versatility of the flip-camera concept but some considered it to be a gimmick . The flip camera enabled the ZenFone 6 to be one of the best selfie cameras of 2019 with a DxOMark selfie score of 98 , the highest-yet at the time of review . The phone received a DxOMark camera score of 104 , the highest for an Asus device .
Business Insider dubbed the device `` the best new smartphone of 2019 so far '' , Android Authority called it `` [ a ] n absolute steal '' , while The Verge praised its `` incredible battery life '' .
Critics noted the phone lacks several features that are present on other high-end devices ; these include an OLED display , optical image stabilisation , high-speed charging , wireless charging , and water resistance . Reports also noted the lack of advertising and mainstream appeal in western markets . , the ZenFone 6 had sold over 100,000 units in Taiwan , its native market .
In February 2020 , eight months after the phone 's release , online publication Digital Trends affirmed their recommendation of the ZenFone 6 as `` one of [ their ] top smartphone recommendations '' for the price of , taking into account devices that had been released in the interim .
References
External links
Smartphones
Asus mobile phones
Android ( operating system ) devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2019
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Mobile phones with 4K video recording
Discontinued flagship smartphones
Asus ZenFone
Counter-rotating propellers , also referred to as CRP , are propellers which spin in opposite directions to each other . They are used on some twin- and multi-engine propeller-driven aircraft .
The propellers on most conventional twin-engined aircraft spin clockwise ( as viewed from behind the engine ) . Counter-rotating propellers generally spin clockwise on the left engine and counter-clockwise on the right . The advantage of such designs is that counter-rotating propellers balance the effects of torque and P-factor , meaning that such aircraft do not have a critical engine in the case of engine failure .
Drawbacks of counter-rotating propellers come from the fact that , in order to reverse the rotation of one propeller , either one propeller must have an additional reversing gearbox , or the engines themselves must be adapted to turn in opposite directions . ( Meaning that there are essentially two engine designs , one with left-turning and the other with right-turning parts , which complicates manufacture and maintenance . )
History
Counter-rotating propellers have been used since the earliest days of aviation , in order to avoid the aircraft tipping sideways from the torque reaction against propellers turning in the single direction . They were fitted to the very first controlled powered aeroplane , the Wright Flyer , and to other subsequent types such as the Dunne D.1 of 1907 and the more successful Dunne D.5 of 1910 .
In designing the Lockheed P-38 Lightning , the decision was made to reverse the counter-rotation such that the tops of the propeller arcs move outwards , away from each other . Tests on the initial XP-38 prototype demonstrated greater accuracy in gunnery with the unusual configuration .
The counter-rotating powerplants of the German World War II Junkers Ju 288 prototype series ( as the Bomber B contract winning design ) , the Gotha Go 244 light transport , Henschel Hs 129 ground attack aircraft , Heinkel He 177A heavy bomber and Messerschmitt Me 323 transport used the same rotational `` sense '' as the production P-38 did – this has also been done for the modern American Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey tiltrotor VTOL military aircraft design . The following German World War II aviation engines were designed as opposing-rotation pairs for counter-rotation needs :
BMW 801A and B , and G/H subtypes
Daimler-Benz DB 604
Daimler-Benz DB 606
Daimler-Benz DB 610
Junkers Jumo 222
The aerodynamics of a propeller on one side of an aircraft change according to which way it turns , as it affects the P-factor . This can in turn affect performance under extreme conditions and therefore flight safety certification . Some modern types , such as the Airbus A400M , have counter-rotating propellers in order to meet air safety requirements under engine-out conditions .
List of aircraft with counter-rotating propellers
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gunston , Bill . Jane 's Aerospace Dictionary . London , England . Jane 's Publishing Company Ltd , 1980 .
Aircraft engines
Propellers
Aircraft configurations
This is a list of books , films , and media associated with The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Books
The books can either be listed in the order in which the stories first appeared in newspapers or magazines ( the `` production order '' ) , or in the order they were first published in album form ( `` publication order '' ) . As many early stories were altered in the redrawings , and therefore chronologically fit in more with the later albums , both orders can be considered valid . Sometimes the redrawings introduced problems with the chronological order , one example is when Sheik Patrash Pasha presents a copy of Destination Moon in Cigars of the Pharaoh—Destination Moon was published almost 20 years after Cigars of the Pharaoh .
Production order
Tintin in the Land of the Soviets - ( Tintin au pays des Soviets ) ( 1929–1930 )
Tintin in the Congo - ( Tintin au Congo ) ( 1930–1931 )
Tintin in America - ( Tintin en Amérique ) ( 1931–1932 )
Cigars of the Pharaoh - ( Les Cigares du Pharaon ) ( 1932–1934 )
The Blue Lotus - ( Le Lotus bleu ) ( 1934–1935 )
The Broken Ear - ( L'Oreille cassée ) ( 1935–1937 )
The Black Island - ( L'Ile noire ) ( 1937–1938 )
King Ottokar 's Sceptre - ( Le Sceptre d'Ottokar ) ( 1938–1939 )
The Crab with the Golden Claws - ( Le Crabe aux pinces d'or ) ( 1940–1941 )
The Shooting Star - ( L'Etoile mystérieuse ) ( 1941–1942 )
The Secret of the Unicorn - ( Le Secret de la Licorne ) ( 1942–1943 )
Red Rackham 's Treasure - ( Le Trésor de Rackam le Rouge ) ( 1943 )
The Seven Crystal Balls - ( Les Sept boules de cristal ) ( 1943–1946 )
Prisoners of the Sun - ( Le Temple du soleil ) ( 1946–1948 )
Land of Black Gold - ( Tintin au pays de l'or noir ) ( 1948–1950 ) 1
Destination Moon - ( Objectif Lune ) ( 1950–1953 )
Explorers on the Moon - ( On a marché sur la Lune ) ( 1950–1953 )
The Calculus Affair - ( L'Affaire Tournesol ) ( 1954–1956 )
The Red Sea Sharks - ( Coke en stock ) ( 1956–1958 )
Tintin in Tibet - ( Tintin au Tibet ) ( 1958–1959 )
The Castafiore Emerald - ( Les Bijoux de la Castafiore ) ( 1961–1962 )
Flight 714 to Sydney - ( Vol 714 pour Sydney ) ( 1966–1967 )
Tintin and the Picaros - ( Tintin et les Picaros ) ( 1975–1976 )
Tintin and Alph-Art - ( Tintin et l'Alph-Art ) : Unfinished work , published posthumously in 1986 , and republished with more material in 2004 .
Publication order
Radio
The BBC produced two series of Tintin radio dramatisations by Simon Eastwood . They were first broadcast on BBC Radio 5 in 1992 and 1993 . The cast featured Richard Pearce as Tintin , Andrew Sachs as Snowy , Leo McKern as Captain Haddock ( Lionel Jeffries in series 2 ) , Stephen Moore as Professor Calculus and Charles Kay as Thomson and Thompson . The music was composed by Roger Limb . Both series were released on BBC Audio Cassette ( ) .
Series 1
The Black Island
The Secret of the Unicorn
Red Rackham 's Treasure
Destination Moon
Explorers on the Moon
Tintin in Tibet
Series 2
The Seven Crystal Balls
Prisoners of the Sun
The Calculus Affair ( Part One )
The Calculus Affair ( Part Two )
The Red Sea Sharks ( Part One )
The Red Sea Sharks ( Part Two )
Special
The Castafiore Emerald ( 50-minute Christmas Special ) . It guest-starred Miriam Margolyes as Bianca Castafiore . It has not yet received a commercial release nor a repeat broadcast .
Television
There have been two animated television series , based on the comic books .
Hergé 's Adventures of Tintin ( 1958–1962 ) , was produced by Belvision ( Belgium ) .
The Adventures of Tintin ( 1991–1992 ) , was produced by Ellipse ( France ) , and Nelvana ( Canada ) .
Cinema
There have been a number of feature films featuring the characters , but not always based on original works by Hergé . There have been two live action films with actors cast for their resemblance to the characters .
Live action films :
Tintin and the Mystery of the Golden Fleece ( Tintin et le mystère de la Toison d'or ) ( 1961 , live action , original story )
Tintin and the Blue Oranges ( Tintin et les oranges bleues ) ( 1964 , live action , original story )
Animated films :
The Crab with the Golden Claws ( Le Crabe aux pinces d'or ) ( 1947 , stop motion animation , adaptation )
The Adventures of Tintin : The Calculus Case ( Les Aventures de Tintin : L'Affaire Tournesol ) ( 1964 , animation , adaptation )
Tintin and the Temple of the Sun ( Tintin et le temple du Soleil ) ( 1969 , animation , adaptation )
Tintin and the Lake of Sharks ( Tintin et le lac aux requins ) ( 1972 , animation , original story )
The Adventures of Tintin ( 2011 ) a motion capture film directed by Steven Spielberg and co-produced by Peter Jackson .
The Adventures of Tintin 2 ( in development ) a planned motion capture film directed by Peter Jackson and co-produced by Steven Spielberg .
Documentaries
I , Tintin ( Moi , Tintin ) ( 1976 , produced by Belevision Studios and Pierre films )
Tintin and I ( Tintin et Moi ) ( 2003 , documentary about Hergé 's struggle while creating Tintin in Tibet )
Sur le traces de Tintin ( 2010 , documentary series )
Theatre
Tintin in India : The Mystery of the Blue Diamond ( 1941 ) — Hergé himself collaborated with humourist Jacques Van Melkebeke to write this play , which covers much of the second half of Cigars of the Pharaoh , as Tintin attempts to rescue a stolen blue diamond . Performed at the Théâtre Royal des Galeries in Brussels .
Mr. Boullock 's Disappearance ( 1941–1942 ) — also co-written by Hergé and Van Melkebeke , the play has Tintin , Snowy , and Thomson and Thompson track the mysterious Mr. Boullock around the world and back to Brussels again . Performed at the Théâtre Royal des Galeries in Brussels .
Tintin 's Great American Adventure ( 1976–1977 ) — based on Tintin in America ; adapted by Geoffrey Case and directed by Tony Wredden ; at the Arts Theatre , London , by the Unicorn Theatre Company .
Tintin and the Black Island ( 1980–81 ) — based on The Black Island ; adapted by Geoffrey Case and directed by Tony Wredden ; at the Arts Theatre , London , by the Unicorn Theatre Company ; later toured .
Tintin and the Temple of the Sun ( premiered 15 September 2001 ) — musical based on The Seven Crystal Balls and Prisoners of the Sun '' ' premièred at the ( City Theatre ) in Antwerp , Belgium , and was broadcast on Canal Plus , before moving on to Charleroi in 2002 as .
Hergé 's Adventures of Tintin ( also known as Tintin the Show ) ( 2005–2006 ) — musical version of Tintin in Tibet , at the Barbican Arts Centre , produced by the Young Vic theatre company in London . The production was directed by Rufus Norris and adapted by Norris and David Greig . The show was successfully revived at the Playhouse Theatre in the West End of London before touring ( 2006–2007 ) to celebrate the centenary of Hergé 's birth in 2007 .
Video games
Tintin on the Moon ( 1989 )
Tintin in Tibet ( 1996 )
Prisoners of the Sun ( 1997 )
Destination Adventure ( 2001 )
The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret of the Unicorn ( 2011 )
Reprints and republications
In 1951 British weekly comic The Eagle ran `` King Ottokar 's Sceptre ''
In the 1960s and 1970s , various Tintin comics were reprinted in the American children 's magazine Children 's Digest .
In 2000–2001 , the short-lived magazine `` Explore ! '' ran `` The Black Island '' and `` King Ottokar 's Sceptre ''
In 1982-90 , the Indian fortnightly magazine `` Anandamela '' also ran 'The Adventures of Tintin ' as 'Dyushahasi Tintin ( দুঃসাহসী টিনটিন ) ' . They ran the 'Tintin in the Land of the Soviets ' to 'Tintin and the Picaros ' .
Other books
In 1983 , Benoit Peeters published Le monde d'Hergé ( later translated in English as Tintin and the World of Hergé ) , which chronicles the illustrated history of Belgian writer-artist Georges Remi ( better known as Hergé ) , and his creation Tintin .
In 1993 , after the death of Hergé , his friend Frederic Tuten published Tintin in the New World : A Romance ( ) . More a thought experiment than a new adventure , Tintin here grows up : he is seduced and falls in love , has a dream about the death of Snowy and caring for an invalid Haddock , and critically examines his life and experiences .
In 1988 , a pirate comic/parody , The Adventures of Tintin : Breaking Free , was released , featuring Tintin as an unemployed youngster living with his uncle-by-marriage Haddock , who gets involved with the socialist/anarchists .
In December 1999 , a pirate comic book Tintin in Thailand came into circulation . The book , illustrated by Thai artists , presented Tintin , Haddock and Calculus on a sex holiday to Bangkok , with numerous allusions to the characters being unhappy with their treatment by the Hergé Foundation . In 2001 , Belgian police made several arrests regarding the book in the Belgian town of Tournai .
The Adventures of Tintin at Sea by Michael Farr ( 2004 ) - a guide to the nautical-related scenes in canonical Tintin books
Tintin : The Complete Companion by Michael Farr ( 2001 ) - A descriptive guide on Hergé 's influences and inspirations .
See also
List of books about Tintin
List of films based on French-language comics
Tintin coins
Tintin postage stamps
The Adventures of Tintin
Tintin ( magazine )
Studios Hergé
The Adventures of Tintin ( TV series )
Notes
Books , films , and media
Tintin
Slugbucket Hairybreath Monster is an EP by the New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs , released in 1984 .
Track listing
Side A
`` The Brain That Would n't Die ''
`` Phil 's Disease ( Day One ) ''
`` I 've Left Memories Behind ''
Side B
`` Phil 's Disease ( Day Four ) ''
`` Crush ''
References
Tall Dwarfs albums
1984 EPs
Flying Nun Records EPs
Walter George Cross ( born December 9 , 1932 ) is a Canadian politician . He represented the electoral district of Bonavista North in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1975 to 1979 and 1982 to 1985 . He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The son of Ernest Cross and Sophie Pelley , he was born in Hermit Cove , Newfoundland and was educated in Badger 's Quay and at Memorial University . In 1956 , he married Joan Christine Fowlow .
He was elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1975 ; the results of the election were declared invalid but Cross won the by-election which followed . He was defeated by Liberal Len Stirling in the 1979 general election . Cross was elected again in 1982 but was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1985 .
His son Eli later represented Bonavista North in the assembly .
References
1932 births
Living people
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Moravec 's paradox is the observation by artificial intelligence and robotics researchers that , contrary to traditional assumptions , reasoning requires very little computation , but sensorimotor and perception skills require enormous computational resources . The principle was articulated by Hans Moravec , Rodney Brooks , Marvin Minsky and others in the 1980s . Moravec wrote in 1988 , `` it is comparatively easy to make computers exhibit adult level performance on intelligence tests or playing checkers , and difficult or impossible to give them the skills of a one-year-old when it comes to perception and mobility '' .
Similarly , Minsky emphasized that the most difficult human skills to reverse engineer are those that are below the level of conscious awareness . `` In general , we 're least aware of what our minds do best '' , he wrote , and added `` we 're more aware of simple processes that do n't work well than of complex ones that work flawlessly '' . Steven Pinker wrote in 1994 that `` the main lesson of thirty-five years of AI research is that the hard problems are easy and the easy problems are hard . ''
By the 2020s , in accordance to Moore 's law , computers were hundreds of millions of times faster than in the 1970s , and the additional computer power was finally sufficient to begin to handle perception and sensory skills , as Moravec had predicted in 1976 . In 2017 , leading machine learning researcher Andrew Ng presented a `` highly imperfect rule of thumb '' , that `` almost anything a typical human can do with less than one second of mental thought , we can probably now or in the near future automate using AI . '' There is currently no consensus as to which tasks AI tends to excel at .
The biological basis of human skills
One possible explanation of the paradox , offered by Moravec , is based on evolution . All human skills are implemented biologically , using machinery designed by the process of natural selection . In the course of their evolution , natural selection has tended to preserve design improvements and optimizations . The older a skill is , the more time natural selection has had to improve the design . Abstract thought developed only very recently , and consequently , we should not expect its implementation to be particularly efficient .
As Moravec writes :
A compact way to express this argument would be :
We should expect the difficulty of reverse-engineering any human skill to be roughly proportional to the amount of time that skill has been evolving in animals .
The oldest human skills are largely unconscious and so appear to us to be effortless .
Therefore , we should expect skills that appear effortless to be difficult to reverse-engineer , but skills that require effort may not necessarily be difficult to engineer at all .
Some examples of skills that have been evolving for millions of years : recognizing a face , moving around in space , judging people 's motivations , catching a ball , recognizing a voice , setting appropriate goals , paying attention to things that are interesting ; anything to do with perception , attention , visualization , motor skills , social skills and so on .
Some examples of skills that have appeared more recently : mathematics , engineering , games , logic and scientific reasoning . These are hard for us because they are not what our bodies and brains were primarily evolved to do . These are skills and techniques that were acquired recently , in historical time , and have had at most a few thousand years to be refined , mostly by cultural evolution .
Historical influence on artificial intelligence
In the early days of artificial intelligence research , leading researchers often predicted that they would be able to create thinking machines in just a few decades ( see history of artificial intelligence ) . Their optimism stemmed in part from the fact that they had been successful at writing programs that used logic , solved algebra and geometry problems and played games like checkers and chess . Logic and algebra are difficult for people and are considered a sign of intelligence . Many prominent researchers assumed that , having ( almost ) solved the `` hard '' problems , the `` easy '' problems of vision and commonsense reasoning would soon fall into place . They were wrong ( see also AI winter ) , and one reason is that these problems are not easy at all , but incredibly difficult . The fact that they had solved problems like logic and algebra was irrelevant , because these problems are extremely easy for machines to solve .
Rodney Brooks explains that , according to early AI research , intelligence was `` best characterized as the things that highly educated male scientists found challenging '' , such as chess , symbolic integration , proving mathematical theorems and solving complicated word algebra problems . `` The things that children of four or five years could do effortlessly , such as visually distinguishing between a coffee cup and a chair , or walking around on two legs , or finding their way from their bedroom to the living room were not thought of as activities requiring intelligence . ''
In the 1980s , this would lead Brooks to pursue a new direction in artificial intelligence and robotics research . He decided to build intelligent machines that had `` No cognition . Just sensing and action . That is all I would build and completely leave out what traditionally was thought of as the intelligence of artificial intelligence . '' He called this new direction `` Nouvelle AI '' .
Similarly , successful 21st century AI applications do n't simulate step-by-step `` intelligent '' problem-solving , they simulate the fast , `` intuitive '' judgements people use to instantly and automatically recognize patterns and anomalies .
Reception
Linguist and cognitive scientist Steven Pinker considers this the main lesson uncovered by AI researchers . In his 1994 book The Language Instinct , he wrote :
See also
AI effect
Embodied cognition
History of artificial intelligence
Subsumption architecture
Notes
References
Bibliography
, p. 456 .
External links
Explanation of the XKCD comic about Moravec 's paradox
Philosophy of artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence
Paradoxes
On January 13 , 2019 , George Robinson , a 62-year-old Black man , died two days after a violent arrest by three Black police officers in Jackson , Mississippi . According to a grand jury indictment , the officers pulled Robinson out of a car , threw him headfirst into the pavement , and struck and kicked him multiple times in the head and chest . Robinson was treated at the scene but within hours lost consciousness and later died at a hospital . The state coroner ruled the death a homicide .
After an internal Jackson Police Department investigation cleared the officers of wrongdoing , one of the officers continued working for the Jackson Police Department , and the other two were hired by a police department in a nearby town . Following the George Floyd protests a year later , as well as a lengthy grand jury review , all three officers were indicted for second-degree murder on August 5 , 2020 .
People involved
George Robinson was a 62-year-old Black man .
Desmond Barney , 31 years old as of August 2020 , Lincoln Lampley , 33 , and Anthony Fox , 35 , also Black , were officers in the Jackson Police Department 's K-9 unit at the time of the killing .
As of August 2020 , Lampley is still an officer with the Jackson Police Department , and Barney and Fox are police officers in nearby Clinton , Mississippi .
Death
According to prosecutors , on January 13 , 2019 , Barney , Lampley , and Fox were canvassing in a predominantly Black neighborhood in Jackson , Mississippi , looking for suspects in the fatal robbery of a pastor hours earlier .
The officers saw Robinson sitting in his car in front of his house and approached him because they thought they had seen him dealing drugs earlier .
They ordered him to exit his vehicle , but Robinson , a stroke victim , was slow to comply .
According to the indictment , the officers pulled Robinson from his car , threw him headfirst onto the pavement , and struck and kicked him multiple times in the head and chest .
The responding ambulance treated Robinson at the scene and released him .
The officers arrested Robinson on misdemeanor charges of failing to obey a police officer and resisting arrest before releasing him with instructions to appear at a future court date .
Within hours , Robinson 's girlfriend saw him losing consciousness and called for another ambulance .
Robinson died at a hospital on January 15 .
The state coroner ruled the death a homicide . The coroner 's report and other medical reports stated that Robinson died from blunt force trauma to the head and bleeding from the brain , and that he had several broken ribs .
Two other men were later arrested for the pastor 's murder .
Prosecution
The three officers were placed on paid administrative leave while the Jackson Police Department 's internal affairs division and the Federal Bureau of Investigation investigated , and were later reinstated .
After the Jackson Police Department 's internal affairs division cleared the officers of wrongdoing and `` multiple agencies looked into the incident and advised that no criminal conduct occurred '' , Barney and Fox were hired by the police department of nearby Clinton , Mississippi , according to Clinton 's mayor .
Lampley continued to be employed by the Jackson Police Department .
On August 5 , 2020 , all three officers were indicted for second-degree murder .
The three officers posted bond and were freed pending trial .
Lampley was placed on desk duty by the Jackson Police Department , and Barney and Fox were `` assigned other duties '' at the Clinton Police Department .
On May 20 , 2021 all charges against Barney and Lampley were dismissed in a rare `` directed verdict '' . The charges were dismissed with prejudice , an outcome welcomed by the Clinton Police Department .
Robinson 's family has filed a civil suit against the city , the three police officers , and the ambulance company that treated Robinson at the scene and released him .
On August 4 , 2022 , Fox was found guilty of culpable negligence manslaughter . On August 17 he was sentenced to five years in prison .
Impact
A march was held shortly after Robinson 's death .
According to The New York Times , the officers were charged `` amid intense scrutiny of police brutality after the killing in May of George Floyd in the custody of the Minneapolis police '' . United Press International reported , `` The indictment comes as police departments across the country consider reforms in policing in the wake of protests against excessive force and racial bias . '' However , Jackson Mayor Chokwe Antar Lumumba stated that the indictment of the three police officers actually built on a police accountability policy the city adopted in October 2018 which requires all cases of people who died in the custody of the Jackson police to be turned over the district attorney for a grand jury review .
See also
Lists of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States
References
Further reading
2019 controversies in the United States
2019 in Mississippi
African-American-related controversies
Black Lives Matter
Deaths by person in Mississippi
Deaths in police custody in the United States
January 2019 events in the United States
Law enforcement controversies in the United States
Law enforcement in Mississippi
Jackson , Mississippi
Paul Lodewijkx ( 9 January 1947 – 10 August 1988 ) was a Dutch professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer . He had his best year in 1968 when he won the Dutch TT on a hometown bike , built by his friends , and finished the season in second place behind Hans-Georg Anscheidt ( riding for the Suzuki team ) . He was the first Dutchman to win his home Grand Prix .
In 1969 he had a traffic accident on his motorbike . After a long recovery , he was left with occasional epileptic seizures and his return in 1972 was unsuccessful . His new hobby became nature preservation and photography . An epileptic seizure caused his death by drowning in 1988 .
References
1947 births
1988 deaths
Dutch motorcycle racers
50cc World Championship riders
People from Wijdemeren
Deaths by drowning
Sportspeople from North Holland
Pavlovskoye ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Lipovskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia . The population was 9 as of 2014 .
Geography
It is located on the Puya River , 91 km north-west from Velsk .
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
Paul Michael McAnulty ( born February 24 , 1981 ) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder . He played college baseball at Long Beach State .
Major League Baseball
San Diego Padres
McAnulty gained the attention of San Diego Padres GM Kevin Towers when he batted .344 for Portland in , which led to his major league debut on June 22 , . Drawing comparisons with former Padre and Phillie great John Kruk , he was mainly used as a pinch hitter , or called up when one of the starting outfielders was injured .
On September 6 , , he made a nice impression on Padres fans with a pinch hit , walk-off home run in the 11th inning versus the Colorado Rockies . During the season , he had a stint where he was a starting outfielder on the depleted San Diego roster .
Boston Red Sox
On November 19 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Boston Red Sox .
On July 24 , 2009 , the Red Sox announced his release after only hitting .233 with Pawtucket .
Colorado Rockies
On August 10 , 2009 , McAnulty signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies . In November 2009 , McAnutly filed for Free Agency .
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
McAnulty joined the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization in 2010 , playing the majority of the year at their Triple-A club , the Salt Lake Bees . He received some playing time at the Major League level with the Angels , hitting one home run in 24 plate appearances .
He started the 2011 season with the Salt Lake Bees , and on July 22 , 2012 , he was sent to the Arkansas Travelers , the Angels Double-A club .
Coaching career
Paul became hitting coach for Burlington Bees , Class A minor league baseball team for Los Angeles Angels for 2014 season . He was the co-hitting coach for AZL League Angels 2015 and 2016 seasons . As of 2019 , Paul is the hitting coach of the South Bend Cubs .
References
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from California
San Diego Padres players
Los Angeles Angels players
Idaho Falls Padres players
Fort Wayne Wizards players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Mobile BayBears players
Portland Beavers players
Arizona League Padres players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Arkansas Travelers players
Salt Lake Bees players
Long Beach State Dirtbags baseball players
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oxnard , California
Peoria Javelinas players
Sportspeople from Ventura County , California
is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed by Yusuke Iseya .
Cast
Hidetoshi Nishijima as Seiji
Mirai Moriyama
Nae Yūki
Masahiko Tsugawa
References
External links
Films directed by Yusuke Iseya
Japanese drama films
2012 drama films
2012 films
Films based on Japanese novels
2010s Japanese films
セイジ－陸の魚－
This is a District-wise list of schools in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Ajmer district
Bikaner district
Chittorgarh district
Jaipur district
Jhunjhunu district
Jodhpur district
Pali district
Udaipur district
Others
Schools
Rajasthan
Whitlingham was a station in Whitlingham , Norfolk . The simple station has been demolished leaving no trace of its existence . However the footbridge is still in use for pedestrian use .
Just east ( away from Norwich and not in the photo ) of the footbridge is the junction where services to Sheringham split from services to Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth .
Former Services
References
Disused railway stations in Norfolk
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1874
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1955
Samuel Elias Sawbridge ( 7 January 1769 – 27 May 1850 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and then of the United Kingdom from 1796 to 1797 and again in 1807 .
He was the second son of John Sawbridge of Olantigh , Kent and his wife Anne Stephenson , daughter of Sir William Stephenson . His father was Lord Mayor of London in 1775 and MP for both Hythe and the City of London . Sawbridge was educated at both Harrow School and Eton College . He joined the East Kent Militia as an ensign and rose to the rank of Colonel by 1808 .
On the early death of his elder brother he inherited his father 's fortune and in 1796 acquired a seat in Parliament to represent Canterbury . However the election was declared void on 2 March 1797 . Re-elected on 10 March 1797 he was again unseated on petition on 12 May 1797 . He was finally properly elected for Canterbury in February 1807 , sitting only until May 1807 , after which he left Parliament for the life of a country gentleman and Militia colonel .
He died in May 1850 , aged 81 . He had married Elizabeth , the daughter of Bombay Governor Brabazon Ellis of Wyddiall Hall , Hertfordshire , with whom he had 5 sons and 3 daughters . Their son John was Member of Parliament for Wareham for many years .
References
External links
1850 deaths
1769 births
People educated at Harrow School
People educated at Eton College
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1807–1812
Kent Militia officers
The 2007–08 SM-liiga season was the 33rd season of the SM-liiga , the top level of ice hockey in Finland . 14 teams participated in the league , and Karpat Oulu won the championship .
Regular season
Playoffs
Preliminary round
HIFK - TPS 2:0 ( 5:4 P , 1:0 )
Ilves - Lukko 2:1 ( 4:2 , 3:4 P , 1:0 )
Quarterfinalss
Kärpät - Ilves 4:2 ( 7:1 , 2:3 , 7:5 , 0:3 , 6:3 , 2:1 P )
Blues - HIFK 4:1 ( 1:2 , 6:3 , 6:1 , 3:0 , 4:1 )
Jokerit - Pelicans 4:2 ( 8:4 , 1:3 , 3:2 P , 5:4 , 4:5 P , 5:4 P )
Tappara - JYP 4:2 ( 2:1 , 4:5 P , 4:2 , 0:3 , 4:1 , 6:2 )
Semifinal
Kärpät - Tappara 4:0 ( 4:3 , 4:2 , 3:2 , 7:3 )
Blues - Jokerit 4:3 ( 2:3 P , 4:3 P , 2:3 P , 0:4 , 5:1 , 2:1 P , 5:3 )
3rd place
Jokerit - Tappara 3:4
Final
Kärpät - Espoo Blues 4:1 ( 3:1 , 2:1 P , 2:3 P , 4:0 , 5:1 )
External links
SM-liiga official website
1
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Kiowa County ( standard abbreviation : KW ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 2,460 . The largest city and county seat is Greensburg .
History
19th century
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1867 , Kiowa County was established and named after the Kiowa tribe .
21st century
On the evening of May 4 , 2007 , Greensburg was devastated by an EF5 tornado during the May 2007 tornado outbreak . It killed 11 and destroyed 95 % of the community .
The Kiowa County Courthouse was renovated with new windows and roof after the 2007 tornado damaged it . Originally , construction of the building started in 1920 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.03 % ) is water .
Kiowa County has a large number of iron-rich meteorites in its soil due to the Brenham meteor fall over 10 thousand years ago .
Adjacent counties
Edwards County ( north )
Pratt County ( east )
Barber County ( southeast )
Comanche County ( south )
Clark County ( southwest )
Ford County ( west )
Major highways
US 54
US 183
US 400
Kiowa County has only U.S. highways , no state highways .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,278 people , 1,365 households , and 924 families residing in the county . The population density was 4 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 1,643 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.19 % White , 0.21 % Black or African American , 0.61 % Native American , 0.27 % Asian , 0.98 % from other races , and 0.73 % from two or more races . 2.04 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 1,365 households , out of which 27.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.60 % were married couples living together , 5.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.30 % were non-families . 30.50 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 15.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.89 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.00 % under the age of 18 , 8.20 % from 18 to 24 , 21.80 % from 25 to 44 , 24.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 21.30 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 96.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.10 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,576 , and the median income for a family was $ 40,950 . Males had a median income of $ 29,063 versus $ 20,764 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,207 . About 7.40 % of families and 10.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.50 % of those under age 18 and 8.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of the High Plains , Kiowa County is overwhelmingly Republican . The only Democrat to ever win a majority in the county has been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936 , who ironically achieved the feat against incumbent Kansas governor Alf Landon . Woodrow Wilson won a plurality in 1916 , but since 1944 only three Democrats have reached thirty percent of the county 's vote , and Michael Dukakis in 1988 during a major drought and consequent farm crisis is the last Democrat to receive so much as twenty percent .
Education
Colleges
Barclay College , Haviland
Unified school districts
Kiowa County USD 422
Haviland USD 474
Communities
Incorporated cities
Greensburg
Haviland
Mullinville
Unincorporated communities
Belvidere
Brenham
Joy
Wellsford
Townships
Kiowa County has only one township , and none of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent ; all figures for the township include those of the cities .
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Kiowa County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 53 pages ; 1906 .
External links
County
Kiowa County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Kiowa County from American History and Genealogy Project ( AHGP )
Maps
Kiowa County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Orage is a 1938 French drama film directed by Marc Allégret . The screenplay was written by Marcel Achard and , based on the play Le venin by Henri Bernstein . The film stars Charles Boyer and Michèle Morgan .
It tells the story of the mistress of an engineer who has a pregnant wife .
Principal cast
Charles Boyer as André Pascaud
Michèle Morgan as Françoise Massart
Lisette Lanvin as Gisèle Pascaud
Robert Manuel as Gilbert
Jean-Louis Barrault as The African
External links
1938 films
Films directed by Marc Allégret
French black-and-white films
French drama films
Films scored by Georges Auric
French films based on plays
1938 drama films
1930s French films
Qaleh Qazi or Qaleh-ye Qazi or Qaleh-i-Qazi ( ) , also rendered as Ghaleh Ghazi , may refer to various places in Iran :
Qaleh Qazi , East Azerbaijan
Qaleh Qazi , Hamadan
Qaleh Qazi , Hormozgan
Qaleh-ye Qazi , Kerman
Qaleh Qazi-ye Olya , Kermanshah Province
Qaleh Qazi-ye Sofla , Kermanshah Province
Qaleh-ye Qazi , Khuzestan
Qaleh Qazi District , in Hormozgan Province
Qaleh Qazi Rural District , in Hormozgan Province
The Integrated Management Concept , or IMC is an approach to structure management challenges by applying a `` system-theoretical perspective that sees organisations as complex systems consisting of sub-systems , interrelations , and functions '' . The most characteristic aspect of the IMC is its distinction between three particular management dimensions : normative , strategic , and operational management , which are held together by different integration mechanisms . The normative management dimension determines the general aim of the organization , the strategic dimension directs the plans , basic structures , systems , and the problem-solving behaviour of the staff for achieving it , and the operative level translates the normative missions and strategic programs into day-to-day organizational processes .
The IMC was developed by Knut Bleicher and his colleagues originally as an element of the St. Gallen Management Model , introduced in the 1970s by Hans Ulrich and Walter Krieg at the Swiss University of St. Gallen . Thereafter , the IMC has been revised several times ( e.g . with respect to its application within SMEs sectors ) and further developed by research institutions and management scholars , such as Johannes Rüegg-Stürm .
Dimensions of management
Normative management
The normative management dimension deals with principles , norms , and strategies which are aimed to ensure the surviving capabilities of a company through the preservation of its identity . Bleicher states that “ because of its constitutive role , normative management functions as the basis for all activities of management ” . Through vision , mission , and purpose statements , normative management codifies the norms , principles , and strategies that fulfill the company 's general aim .
Strategic management
Strategic management focuses on achieving a company 's competitive advantage . It utilizes the organizational experience in relation to its technologies , social structures , and processes against competitors in the market . While normative management functions as a foundation for activities , it is the task of strategic management to provide orientation for these activities .
Operational management
The operational management dimension is characterized by the processes and tasks that apply on practice the realization of organizational norms and strategies . It aims at optimizing process efficiency and effective social cooperation to enhance performance , both within the organisation and with external stakeholders . Thus , the operational management level facilitates the development of processes , products , and services .
Integration mechanisms
The IMC identifies three integration mechanisms that span the management dimensions and ensure the alignment between them . These integration mechanisms are defined as meta-integration , vertical integration , and horizontal integration . Meta-integration is based on the management and business philosophy which defines the company 's consideration of and relation to its stakeholders ' values . Vertical integration is achieved throughout the three management dimensions by means of structures , activities , and behavior . Structures describe the translation of corporate governance into effective management and efficient processes . Activities refer to the development and application of corporate policies , strategic programmes , and operational tasks ( e.g . marketing activities like acquiring customers or performing customer service ) . Behavior relates to defining roles that ensure that the company 's culture and normative values are put into practice . Horizontal integration is about aligning the structures , activities , and behavior throughout the distinct management dimensions .
Application
The IMC has been adapted in various contexts , such as foresight frameworks or cybernetic theories for organisational intelligence . More recently , it has also been used as a foundation for an Integrated Business Model Framework by Oliver D. Doleski that identifies normative , strategic , and operational business model elements . Breuer & Lüdeke-Freund adopted the basic distinction between management levels and integration mechanisms to develop a framework for values-based innovation management stressing the impact of normative orientations for research , design and management of corporate innovation . The IMC is closely related to systems approaches such as Stafford Beer 's Viable Systems Model due to its systemic and cybernetic character .
References
Management
The 2015 East Riding of Yorkshire Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of East Riding of Yorkshire Council in England . This was on the same day as other local elections across the country . All 67 seats were contested . The Conservatives retained control of the council , surpassing the 34-seat majority threshold with 51 seats , down 2 from the last election .
Election result
Ward results
Beverley Rural
Bridlington Central and Old Town
Bridlington North
Bridlington South
Cottingham North
Cottingham South
Dale
Driffield and Rural
East Wolds and Coastal
Goole North
Goole South
Hessle
Howden
Howdenshire
Mid Holderness
Minster and Woodmansey
North Holderness
Pocklington Provincial
Snaith , Airmyn , Rawcliffe and Marshland
South East Holderness
South Hunsley
South West Holderness
St Mary 's
Tranby
Willerby and Kirk Ella
Wolds Weighton
References
General
For infobox election figures :
Specific
2015 English local elections
2015
2010s in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Whitehaven is a town and civil parish in the Borough of Copeland , Cumbria , England . It contains over 170 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , one is listed at Grade I , the highest of the three grades , six are at Grade II * , the middle grade , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade .
Whitehaven is a natural port , and the harbour developed in the 17th century mainly for the export of coal from the local mines . During the 18th century the harbour expanded and the town was laid out in a grid plan , often with a building such as a church at the end to provide a vista . During the 20th century the amount of work done by the port declined , and the export of coal finally ended in the 1980s . During this time a number of the town 's houses and other buildings were demolished .
Nevertheless , most of the listed buildings are houses and shops of various sizes , many of them in Georgian style . Listed buildings remaining from the industrial past include structures in and around the harbour , warehouses , a former flax mill , and colliery buildings now used as a museum . Other listed buildings include churches , civic buildings , hotels and public houses , banks . air shaft caps providing ventilation for a railway tunnel , and a market hall
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Cumbria
Listed buildings
Pavel Aleksandrovich Valentenko ( ; born 20 October 1987 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman . He currently plays with HC Yugra of the Supreme Hockey League ( VHL ) .
Playing career
Valentenko was drafted in the fifth round , 139th overall , in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens . He moved to North America in 2007 after growing up in the Nizhnekamsk hockey system to play for the Hamilton Bulldogs , the Canadiens ' farm team . He was voted the best rookie for the Bulldogs in his first season ( 2007–08 ) and was part of the group of players Montreal recalled for the 2008 NHL Playoffs in the case of injuries .
On 30 October 2008 , it was reported that Valentenko had defected from the Hamilton Bulldogs and signed a three-year contract with Dynamo Moscow . This news came just days after Valentenko was given permission by the Bulldogs to go home to Russia for an indefinite period of time to deal with family issues .
On 30 June 2009 , Valentenko was traded along with Chris Higgins , Doug Janik and Ryan McDonagh to the New York Rangers for Scott Gomez , Tom Pyatt and Michael Busto .
Between 2009 and 2012 he played for the Connecticut Whale of the American Hockey League . During the offseason in 2012 he signed with Avangard Omsk .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Avangard Omsk players
Connecticut Whale ( AHL ) players
HC Dynamo Moscow players
Hamilton Bulldogs ( AHL ) players
Hartford Wolf Pack players
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Russian ice hockey defencemen
HC Spartak Moscow players
Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod players
HC Yugra players
Yuzhny Ural Orsk players
Martin Paul Gouterman ( December 26 , 1931 – February 22 , 2020 ) was an American chemist who was a Professor of Chemistry at the University of Washington . He is remembered for his seminal work on the optical spectra porphyrins , for which he developed a simple model generally referred to as Gouterman 's four-orbital model .
Early life and education
Gouterman was born in Philadelphia , the only child to Bernard and Melba Buxbaum Gouterman . He attended Philadelphia Central High School and graduated in 1949 . Gouterman was an undergraduate student at the University of Chicago , where originally he majored in piano performance but eventually studied physics . He stayed at Chicago for his doctoral research , where he started studying porphyrins .
Research and career
After graduating , Gouterman was appointed to the faculty at Harvard University where he worked as a postdoctoral researcher with William Moffitt . Shortly after Gouterman arrived , Moffitt died of a heart attack during a squash game . Gouterman was quickly promoted to assistant professor , and spent his time using quantum chemical calculations to understand the photophysical properties of porphyrins . He primarily made use of the Hückel molecular orbital method to interrogate their optical spectra . Gouterman 's molecular models , which included symmetry arguments and configuration interactions , were able to predict the intensity differences between the absorption bands of porphyrins . The so-called four-orbit model incorporates two , almost degenerate highest occupied molecular orbitals and two degenerate lowest unoccupied molecular orbitals . The Soret and Q-bands that are visible in porphyrin spectra are the result of transitions from between these four orbitals .
Gouterman moved to the University of Washington in 1966 , where he worked until his retirement . In Seattle , Gouterman continued to study the optical properties of porphyrins . He described how the chemical structures of porphyrins determine whether the spectral shape was 'normal ' , hyper- and hypso- . For example , the UV-Visible absorption spectra of hyper porphyrins contain red-shifted peaks and extra bands due to ligand-to-metal charge transfer ( LMCT ) transitions . Amongst the complicated structures analysed by Gouterman were cytochrome P450–carbon monoxide complexes , whose electronic spectra included a split Soret band due to LMCT transitions .
Awards and honors
Elected Fellow of the American Physical Society
University of Washington Minority Science and Engineering Program Faculty Excellence Award
Creativity Certificate Award , Porphyrin Chemistry Community
Selected publications
Personal life
Gouterman was a community organiser and activist . He campaigned to end the Vietnam War .
In his early career Gouterman was not open about his sexuality . He came out as gay at around age 35 after he moved to Seattle . There he became an activist for gay rights and co-founded the Dorian Society .
He also worked with the New Jewish Agenda and International Jewish Peace Union to promote Israeli-Palestinian peace .
In the early 1980s , Gouterman acted as a sperm donor and helped a lesbian couple have a son.Through mutual acquaintances , he discovered the identity of his son and thereafter enjoyed a close relationship with him .
In the last years of his life , Gouterman suffered from Alzheimer 's disease .
References
LGBT scientists from the United States
People from Philadelphia
American chemists
1931 births
2020 deaths
Organic chemists
Computational chemists
University of Chicago alumni
University of Washington faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Abiola Peter Makinde born ( 16 August 1976 ) is a financial management expert and politician . He is a member of Nigeria Federal House of Representatives holding assignment for Ondo East/Ondo West federal constituency of Nigeria 's western state of Ondo . In 2014 , President Goodluck Jonathan appointed Makinde National Board Member of Nigeria Literacy Commission and was on the assignment until 2015 when President Jonathan and People 's Democratic Party , PDP lost federal power to then opposition All Progressives Congress , APC .
Makinde is a grass root politician and is known for his populist political ideology . He is recognised as empowering the poor and advocating for improved and equal opportunities for the youth earning a nickname “ Father of empowerment ” for himself . in 2019 , Makinde and his wife , Rhoda were awarded Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration by Global Oved Dei Seminary and University , Florida , USA .
Family background and education
Makinde was born to Chief Ambrose Boluwaji Makinde . His great grandfather Lisa Akinrinde was a High Chief and Baale with several villages and districts under his control . Makinde attended primary and secondary schools in Nigeria 's commercial city of Lagos . After his Secondary education , he enrolled in Ondo State Polytechnic ( now Rufus Giwa Polytechnic ) , Owo for National Diploma . In 2000 , Makinde enrolled for some preliminary courses in Northern Virginia Community College , USA and was later admitted to the University of Maryland , University College , USA where he graduated with a bachelor 's degree in Computer Information system in 2006 . He holds a master 's degree in Financial Management from University of Maryland , University college , USA ( 2009 ) .
Political career
Caretaker Chairman
In 2013 , Governor Olusegun Mimiko appointed Makinde Caretaker Chairman of Ondo West Local Government . He was in that position until 2015 . During his term as caretaker chairman , Dr. Abiola Makinde was awarded the best performing Local Government Council Chairman . The event took place in Abuja in 2015 . Makinde sponsored five youths of his native Ondo west Local Government area to India for a training in processing of bamboo into finished products . His political popularity started from here as his community development and empowerment programmes brought him closer to the grass root people . It was here he earned the nickname “ father of empowerment ” .
Election to Nigeria 's House of Representatives
Makinde in 2014 emerged Publicity Secretary of the Peoples ' Democratic Party , PDP South-west zone of Nigeria upgrading his political profile to a regional politician . But left the party in the buildup to the 2019 Nigeria 's general polls after crisis erupted in the party . He defected to a newly registered low profile political party , African Democratic Congress , ADC to pursue his ambition to take the seat of Ondo East/West federal constituency in the Nigeria 's Federal House of Representatives . Makinde campaign rallies recorded huge crowds of supporters . He caused a major political upset with his victory at the polls against two major political parties , the ruling All Progressives Congress and his former party , PDP .
Makinde of the ADC polled 19,083 votes to defeat his two major challengers , Ajibayo John Adeyeye of the ruling APC with 11,935 and the PDP 's candidate , Adeduro Charles Adeyemi with 9,929 votes .
Just recently , with the support of other members of the National Assembly , he facilitated the bill for the upgrade of Adeyemi College of Education to a Federal University of Education . The bill was successfully approved by the President .
References
External links
Ondo East/West 2019 House Reps Election Results
Peoples Democratic Party ( Nigeria ) politicians
People from Ondo State
1976 births
Yoruba people
Northern Virginia Community College alumni
Living people
Prince Nikolaus of Liechtenstein ( Nikolaus Ferdinand Maria Josef Raphael ; born 24 October 1947 ) is a Liechtensteiner lawyer , diplomat and member of the Liechtenstein princely family . He is a younger brother of the reigning Prince of Liechtenstein , Hans-Adam II . He is also the non-resident Ambassador of Liechtenstein to the Holy See .
Early life
Nikolaus was born in Zürich as the third son of Franz Joseph II , Prince of Liechtenstein and of his wife , Countess Georgina of Wilczek .
In 1950 at the age of three Nikolaus was made a Knight of Justice in minority of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta . When the class of knights in minority was abolished in 1961 , Nikolaus received his present rank in the order as a Knight of Honour and Devotion .
Nikolaus completed his primary education in Vaduz before attending the Schottengymnasium in Vienna and the Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz . From 1968 to 1972 he studied law at the University of Vienna from which he graduated with the degree Doctor iuris .
Career
From 1973 to 1974 Nikolaus was Wissenschaftlicher Assistent at the International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva . From 1975 to 1976 he worked for courts in Vaduz . From 1977 to 1978 he was an advisor to the Office of International Relations of the Liechtenstein government .
From 1979 to 1989 Nikolaus was Permanent Representative of Liechtenstein to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg . From 1986 to 2017 he was a non-resident Ambassador of Liechtenstein to the Holy See . From 1989 to 1996 he was Ambassador of Liechtenstein to Switzerland . From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Liechtenstein to Belgium .
Marriage and family
Nikolaus married on 20 March 1982 , at Notre Dame Cathedral in Luxembourg , Princess Margaretha of Luxembourg , the youngest daughter of Jean , Grand Duke of Luxembourg . For the time being , this is the last dynastically equal marriage between two sovereign houses currently reigning in Europe .
They have had four children and one grandchildren :
Prince Leopold Emmanuel Jean Marie of Liechtenstein ( b. Brussels , 20 May 1984 – d. Brussels , 20 May 1984 ) . Buried at Royal Crypt ( Belgium ) .
Princess Maria-Anunciata Astrid Joséphine Veronica of Liechtenstein ( b. Brussels-Uccle , 12 May 1985 ) . Married to Carlo Emanuele Musini ( b . 1979 , Camden , London , UK ) in a civil ceremony on 26 June 2021 in Gubbio , Italy . The religious ceremony took place on 04 September 2021 at the Scots Basilica in Vienna , Austria .
Princess Marie-Astrid Nora Margarita Veronica of Liechtenstein ( b. Brussels-Uccle , 26 June 1987 ) . On 25 September 2021 married to Raphael Worthington V ( b . 05 April 1985 , USA ) at Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta in Orbetello , Italy . The couple has a daughter :
Althaea Georgina Worthington ( b . 01 July 2022 ) .
Prince Josef-Emanuel Leopold Marie of Liechtenstein ( b. Brussels-Uccle , 07 May 1989 ) . Married to Colombian María Claudia `` Cloclo '' Echavarría Suárez ( b . 1988 , Switzerland ) , founder of a creative consultancy for Latin American brands named Sí Collective , on 25 March 2022 at St. Peter Claver Church in Cartagena de Indias , Colombia .
Scouting
Niklaus was Chief Scout ( ) of Fürstlich Liechtensteinische Pfadfinderkorps St. Georg from 1971 to 1989 . Today he is an honorary member of the Scout association . Nikolaus spoke at the European Forum of Guild-Scouts in Grossarl in 1990 about the topic of hunting and nature protection .
Red Cross
Nikolaus is Delegate for International Affairs of Liechtenstein Red Cross .
Honours
National honours
: Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Principality of Liechtenstein , 1st Class
: Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of Prince Franz Joseph II
Foreign honours
: Grand Cross of the Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria , Silver
: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Pope Pius IX
: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau
: Recipient of the Grand Duke Jean Silver Jubilee Medal
: Knight of Honour and Devotion of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta , 3rd First Class
Ancestry
See also
Maria-Pia Kothbauer , Princess of Liechtenstein – Liechtenstein 's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Austria and the Czech Republic
Prince Stefan of Liechtenstein – Liechtenstein 's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Holy See
References
1947 births
Living people
University of Vienna alumni
Princes of Liechtenstein
People associated with Scouting
Liechtenstein Roman Catholics
Scouting in Liechtenstein
Ambassadors of Liechtenstein to the Holy See
Ambassadors of Liechtenstein to Belgium
Ambassadors of Liechtenstein to Switzerland
Recipients of the Grand Decoration with Sash for Services to the Republic of Austria
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Pope Pius IX
The Feather River California Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints under construction in Yuba City , California .
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Russell M. Nelson on October 7 , 2018 . The Feather River California Temple was announced concurrently with 11 other temples . At the time , the number of operating or announced temples was 201 .
On July 18 , 2020 , a groundbreaking to signify beginning of construction was held , with Paul H. Watkins , an area seventy , presiding .
See also
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in California
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture ( Latter-day Saints )
References
External links
Church Newsroom of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Feather River California Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
Temples ( LDS Church ) in California
Proposed religious buildings and structures of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Proposed buildings and structures in California
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Vera Vasilyevna Zorina ( ; real surname Popova ; 1853 - 1903 ) was a Russian operetta singer ( mezzo-soprano ) , best known as a Russian romances ( or 'Gypsy art-songs ' ) performer . She became famous after playing the part of Stesha in the popular musical Gypsy Songs in Characters by Nikolai Kulikov . Another highly popular part of hers was La Périchole in the Jacques Offenbach 's operetta . Vera Zorina ( an ethnic Russian ) is regarded as a founder of the `` Gypsyan line '' in Russian operetta .
References
19th-century women opera singers of the Russian Empire
1853 births
1903 deaths
Russian mezzo-sopranos
Summer Spectacular ( 1994 ) was the third Summer Spectacular professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling ( FMW ) . The event took place on August 28 , 1994 at the Osaka-jō Hall in Osaka , Japan .
Eleven matches were contested at the event . The main event featured Atsushi Onita taking on his longtime rival Masashi Aoyagi in a no ropes electrified explosive barbed wire barricade double hell match . Onita won the match by knocking out Aoyagi . Another important match on the event was a street fight deathmatch between Mr. Pogo and Mitsuhiro Matsunaga , which Pogo won . The event also marked Eiji Ezaki 's return to FMW after having worked in Mexico and his first match in FMW as Hayabusa , in which he took on Sabu in a winning effort .
Background
At the 5th Anniversary Show , Genichiro Tenryu defeated Atsushi Onita in a match which stipulated that if Onita would lose then he would be forced to retire from wrestling . However , after the match , Onita revealed that the retirement stipulation would be for the next year 's Anniversary Show and began a retirement tour that would take place throughout the year . Onita 's former rival Masashi Aoyagi returned to FMW in the summer of 1994 and attacked Onita , leading to the two rivals facing each other for the first time in five years after having exchanged wins with each other in FMW 's first two shows Grudge in Nagoya and Grudge in Tokyo in 1989 . The two rivals first squared off in the WAR 6-Man Tag Team Tournament at WAR 2nd Anniversary Show , where Onita , Genichiro Tenryu and Crusher Bam Bam Bigelow defeated the team of Aoyagi , Kendo Nagasaki and Arashi in the semi-final round . Onita 's match with Aoyagi at Summer Spectacular would be a no ropes electrified explosive barbed wire barricade double hell match . On August 22 , the two rivals competed against each other for the last time before Summer Spectacular as the team of Onita and Mitsuhiro Matsunaga defeated the team of Aoyagi and Mr. Pogo in a street fight .
Mitsuhiro Matsunaga unsuccessfully challenged Atsushi Onita for the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship at Year End Spectacular and after the loss , he joined Onita in his feud with Mr. Pogo and his entourage . Pogo defeated Onita for the title on January 6 and also won the FMW Brass Knuckles Tag Team Championship with Hisakatsu Oya on April 21 . At 5th Anniversary Show , Matsunaga and Tarzan Goto unsuccessfully challenged Pogo and Oya for the tag team titles . Pogo and Matsunaga continued to feud with each other to renew their W * ING rivalry , leading to a match between the two at Summer Spectacular . On July 31 , Onita and Matsunaga defeated Pogo and Oya in a no ropes barbed wire double hell deathmatch to win the Brass Knuckles Tag Team Championship .
Eiji Ezaki debuted in FMW in 1991 and Atsushi Onita realized potential in the rookie to become a big star in FMW and sent him on a learning excursion to Mexico in 1993 . Ezaki developed a masked character for his excursion called Hayabusa . He made his first appearance in Japan as Hayabusa in the 1994 Super J-Cup against Jushin Liger in a highly acclaimed match . A match was made between Hayabusa and Sabu at Summer Spectacular to test how the character worked in FMW and if it clicked with the fans , marking Ezaki 's first match as Hayabusa in FMW .
At 5th Anniversary Show , Team Canada members Ricky Fuji , Big Titan and The Gladiator took on Fuyuki-Gun from WAR in an interpromotional match . During the match , a miscommunication took place between Titan and Gladiator which led to both men shoving each other . Fuji tried to separate them but Gladiator won the match and then walked out on Team Canada , effectively ending the team . As a result , Titan and Gladiator began feuding with each other . Gladiator formed a team with Goro Tsurumi , Hideki Hosaka and Hisakatsu Oya . Titan and Fuji defeated Gladiator and Tsurumi on July 23 . Titan and Gladiator had their first singles match against each other on July 31 , which Gladiator won , setting up a rematch between the two at Summer Spectacular .
Event
Preliminary matches
Katsutoshi Niiyama , Koji Nakagawa and Tetsuhiro Kuroda defeated Battle Ranger Z , Masato Tanaka and Gosaku Goshogawara in the opening match after Nakagawa performed a diving shoulder block to Tanaka .
The team of Miwa Sato , Megumi Kudo and Nurse Nakamura took on Mad Dog Military 's Crusher Maedomari , Shark Tsuchiya and Tsuppari Mack in a Texas Deathmatch . Near the end of the match , Mack threw Kudo in the guardrail far from the ring , allowing Mad Dog Military to gain advantage as Tsuchiya performed a Tsuchi Bomb on Nakamura to get the win .
Ricky Fuji performed a dragon suplex on Mach Hayato to get the victory .
The team of Dr. Luther and Dr. Hannibal defeated The Great Sasuke and Damien after Luther performed a diving leg drop to Damien .
Sambo Asako took on Mr. Gannosuke in a match , where Gannosuke picked up a major victory with a German suplex .
Combat Toyoda defended her FMW Independent and WWA World Women 's Championship against Yukie Nabeno . Nabeno performed a Moonsault to win the title .
Eiji Ezaki made his first appearance in FMW as Hayabusa against Sabu . Sabu 's back was injured when he placed Hayabusa on a table and attempted to drive him through the table with a 450° splash but Hayabusa moved out of the way . Hayabusa took advantage and performed a shooting star press to win the match . Both men shook hands with each other after the match .
Big Titan took on his former tag team partner The Gladiator . Gladiator performed an Awesome Bomb on Titan to win the match .
Mitsuhiro Matsunaga competed against Mr. Pogo in a Street Fight Deathmatch . After a back and forth match , Pogo hit Matsunaga with a flaming barbed wire baseball bat to win the match .
Tarzan Goto defeated Hisakatsu Oya with a guillotine chair shot .
Main event match
Atsushi Onita competed against his longtime rival Masashi Aoyagi in a no ropes electrified explosive barbed wire barricade double hell match . Aoyagi punished Onita with his stiff kicks and tossed him into the exploding double hell barbedwire . Despite sustaining the damage , Onita managed to make a comeback and performed two Thunder Fire Powerbombs and Aoyagi was knocked out , with Onita getting the victory .
Aftermath
Atsushi Onita was badly injured in his match with Masashi Aoyagi and required 111 switches in his body and got 1,032 stitches in his overall body . On September 7 , Onita defeated Mr. Pogo in a no ropes exploding barbed wire double hell deathmatch to win the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship . After the match , former W * ING wrestler Yukihiro Kanemura debuted in FMW and attacked Onita . Kanemura quickly joined Pogo and Mitsuhiro Matsunaga to form W * ING Alliance . Matsunaga was initially reluctant but Onita accused him of being allied with W * ING and an angered Matsunaga left FMW team , forcing Onita and Matsunaga to vacate the FMW Brass Knuckles Tag Team Championship . A rivalry began between Onita and W * ING , which would ultimately culminate at Kawasaki Legend : Fall Spectacular on September 28 , 1997 , with Onita defeating W * ING Kanemura in a match , forcing W * ING to disband .
Hayabusa returned to Mexico after Summer Spectacular and finally made his full-time return to FMW at 6th Anniversary Show as Atsushi Onita 's opponent in his retirement match . Onita defeated Hayabusa to retain the Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship and then immediately vacated the title to retire and pursue an acting career and Hayabusa succeeded Onita as the promotion 's ace for the rest of FMW 's existence .
Big Titan and The Gladiator continued their feud after Summer Spectacular , as Titan finally got a win over Gladiator in another rematch on September 7 . Gladiator would join Mr. Pogo 's W * ING Alliance and defeated Titan on December 9 to end the feud as Titan left FMW after the match .
After winning the Independent Women 's Championship , Yukie Nabeno continued to feud with Mad Dog Military alongside Megumi Kudo . On September 7 , the team of Combat Toyoda , Shark Tsuchiya and Crusher Maedomari took on Nabeno , Kudo and Miwa Sato in a match in which Tsuchiya stole the win from Toyoda , which brought Toyoda and Tsuchiya to blows and both women brawled with each other and Toyoda broke away from Mad Dog Military , turning face and siding with FMW to feud with Mad Dog Military . On December 9 , the Mad Dog Military team of Shark Tsuchiya , Crusher Maedomari and Tsuppari Mack defeated Combat Toyoda , Megumi Kudo and Yukie Nabeno when Nabeno suffered a severe injury , which forced her to vacate her titles in a press conference on December 12 . Nabeno would return to FMW in late 1995 but the severity of her injury forced her to retire on August 1 , 1996 .
Results
References
1994 in professional wrestling
1994
August 1994 events in Asia
1994 in Japan
Professional wrestling in Osaka
Events in Osaka
Toyokuni may refer to :
Utagawa Toyokuni ( 1769–1825 ) , designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints
Utagawa Toyokuni II ( 1777–1835 ) , designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints , also known as Toyoshige
Utagawa Toyokuni III ( 1786–1865 ) , designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints , also known as Kunisada
Toyokuni Fukuma ( 1893–1942 ) , Japanese sumo wrestler
Toyokuni Susumu ( born 1937 ) , Japanese sumo wrestler
Toyo Province , or also Toyo Kuni , an old province of Japan , in the areas of Ōita and Fukuoka Prefectures
Toyokuni Shrine ( disambiguation ) , several Shinto shrines dedicated to shōgun Toyotomi Hideyoshi
The following is a list of schools and school districts in Sussex County , New Jersey and includes both public and private schools that are currently in operation , and an enumeration of defunct institutions .
Before 1942 , Sussex County had over 100 school districts . Most of these districts were in rural townships that each had several districts -- and each operated a one-room schoolhouse that served their small neighborhoods . During the forty-year tenure ( 1903-1942 ) of County School Superintendent Ralph Decker ( 1873- ? ) , these individual school districts were dissolved and consolidated into municipal or regional districts .
Universities and colleges
Sussex County Community College
Secondary schools
Public high schools
Prior to September 2014 , Montague Township district sent students across state lines to attend middle school and high school at Port Jervis Middle School and Port Jervis High School , of the Port Jervis City School District , in nearby Port Jervis , New York . That month Montague Township 's high school students began attending High Point Regional High , in a shift from Port Jervis that was to take four years to complete .
Private high schools
Elementary or grammar schools ( K-8 )
Public schools
Private schools
Hilltop Country Day School ( preschool , K-8 ) in Sparta Township , New Jersey
Immaculate Conception School ( K-8 ) in Franklin , New Jersey ( affiliated Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson )
Northwest Christian School ( K-8 ) in Hampton Township , New Jersey
Reverend George A . Brown School ( K-8 ) in Sparta , New Jersey ( affiliated with Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson )
Saint Joseph 's School ( K-8 ) in Newton , New Jersey ( affiliated with Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson )
Sussex Christian School ( K-8 ) in Sussex , New Jersey
Defunct institutions
The following schools or academic institutions are no longer in operation :
Don Bosco College - a Roman Catholic seminary in Newton , New Jersey .
Newton Collegiate Institute ( also called `` Newton Academy ) - a private all-male school in Newton , New Jersey operated from 1851-1930 .
Upsala College ( Wirths Campus ) - a satellite campus of the private , Lutheran-affiliated Upsala College in East Orange , New Jersey .
See also
Sussex County , New Jersey
References
Martha of Armagnac ( after 18 February 1347 – 23 October 1378 ) was the youngest child of John I , Count of Armagnac , and his second wife Beatrice of Clermont . She was the first wife of John I of Aragon but never became Queen of Aragon because she was outlived by her father-in-law Peter IV of Aragon .
Early life and family
Martha was the youngest of three children . Her elder brother was John II of Armagnac , who succeeded their father . Her sister was Joanna of Armagnac who married John , Duke of Berry and was mother of Marie , Duchess of Auvergne , amongst others .
Her maternal grandparents were Jean de Clermont and his wife Jeanne de Dargies . Jean was son of Robert , Count of Clermont and his wife Beatrice , Dame de Bourbon . Robert was son of Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence .
Martha 's paternal grandparents were Bernard VI of Armagnac and his wife Cecile de Rodez .
Martha was not named in domini Johannis comitis Armaniaci which listed the names of her family , so she must have been born after its making on 18 February 1347 .
Marriage
Martha was a proposed wife for Peter II of Alençon in 1370 but he instead married Marie , Viscountess of Beaumont-au-Maine .
During these years , Peter IV of Aragon had sought an alliance with Philip VI of France to prevent a new war with Castile . In 1370 he negotiated a marriage for his heir ; John , Duke of Girona with Jeanne of France , daughter of Philip VI but the project failed when the princess died on her journey to Barcelona in 1371 . Moreover , Henry II of Castile became an ally necessary to Charles V of France ( who had helped get the Castilian throne ) , as demonstrated with the triumph of his army against the English at the Battle of La Rochelle ( June 1372 ) .
In this context Martha 's father John , a major feudal lord of Occitan and , a vassal of the King of France , appeared in the eyes of King Peter and although they had been enemies during the War of the Two Peters , he was a good insurance against the Castilian threat . The count of Armagnac wished to strengthen its position in Occitan and in France and get a good ally against its rival , the Counts of Foix . Negotiations began in summer 1372 and of the marriage contract was signed on March 27 , 1373 , for the marriage of Martha to John , son of King Peter IV . The dowry amounted to the astronomical figure of 150,000 pounds . Martha was received with great solemnity at the border according to sources of Martin , John 's younger brother .
On 24 June 1373 in Barcelona , John and Martha married . Afterwards she became the first to be titled Duchess of Girona and Countess of Cervera .
Martha had a calm and conciliatory character , traits that would guarantee good terms with her new family and country ; she had moderating influence on John , who had a character quite the opposite of her and deeply appreciated . Martha even got along well with her father-in-law who dealt with her with great affection , and in general all members of the royal family . Her mother-in-law Eleanor of Sicily treated Martha as her own daughter . On Eleanor 's death King Peter remarried to Sibila of Fortia , a marriage that caused great scandal . However , Martha and Sibila maintained a cordial relationship , but John had a bad attitude to his stepmother .
Issue
John and Martha had five children :
Infante James of Aragon ( b. Valencia 24 June 1374 - d. Valencia 1374 )
Infanta Joanna ( b. Daroca October 1375 - d. Valencia September 1407 ) , who married on 4 June 1392 at Barcelona to Mathieu , Count of Foix . Together they claimed the throne of Aragon after her father 's death . Matthew of Foix invaded Aragonese territories , but was driven back by the new King Martin . Joanna died soon after , childless .
Infante John of Aragon ( b. and d. Barcelona July 1376 )
Infante Alfonso of Aragon ( b. and d. 1377 )
Infanta Eleanor of Aragon ( b. and d. 1378 )
Of their five children , only one daughter Joanna lived to adulthood but she had no children so Martha 's lineage died out in 1407 on the death of her daughter .
Death and legacy
Martha died at Zaragoza on July 13 , 1378 , her death was probably related to the birth of her daughter Eleanor who died not long after birth . John and Martha were only married for five years , a child was born each year they were married . She was buried at the Convent of St. Francis . She died nine years before her husband succeeded as King of Aragon .
After Martha 's death he remarried to Violant of Bar who bore him numerous children but like Martha only one of Violant 's children , a daughter lived to adulthood , Yolande of Aragon .
Martha 's only surviving child Joanna tried to claim the Kingdom of Aragon but failed .
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
https : //web.archive.org/web/20111009001332/http : //documents.univ-lille3.fr/files/pub/www/recherche/theses/barrois-dominique/html/these_front.html
Aurea L. * Santos Wall , Martha Armanyach , Duchess of Gerona , Madrid , Tip . File , 1930 .
Aurea L. * Santos Wall , Mata of Armagnac , Duchess of Girona , Barcelona , Rafael Dalmau ( episodes of history , 88 ) , 1967 .
Joseph M. Madurell and Marimon , `` The Marriage of Prince John and Martha of Armagnac , Catalan University Studies , 19 ( 1934 ) .
Rafael Olivar Bertrand , Royal Wedding between France and the Crown of Aragon : political marriage of princes of Aragón and Catalonia , with respect to France , in the fourteenth century , Barcelona , Alberto Martin , 1947 .
Joseph Trenchs , `` The fish kills the princess table of Armagnac : the whims and fancies of a princess , `` Go to Colloquium in History of Food in the Crown of Aragon . Middle Ages . Acts , vol . 2 , Lleida , Lleida Studies Institute , 1995 , pp . 309–328 .
1378 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
14th-century French women
Medieval French nobility
14th-century French people
Burials at the Poblet Monastery
Nell Foster Rogers ( 1886-1974 ) of Gainesville , Florida , affectionately known as the 'Bloomer Girl ' , was a `` people 's lobbyist for better government '' ( also referred to as people 's lobbyist ) and Florida legislative icon for nearly 30 years . Ms. Rogers was the first woman to graduate in agriculture from Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College , where as a student she campaigned for woman 's suffrage , thus beginning her lifelong cause as an activist . In 1947 , she traveled to Tallahassee to oppose a bill requiring rabies inoculations for dogs . This marked the beginning of her long career as a watchdog over Florida 's government .
From 1947 to 1974 , Ms. Rogers attended every regular session and almost all committee hearings—defraying her expenses . She read all of the bills before the legislature and made well-reasoned recommendations for the members , which she would type on a single-page digest . Individual members would often seek her out for advice .
Ms. Rogers was never seen in the Capitol not wearing a man 's shirt , knickers , and sneakers . In a 1959 interview , she said `` Comfort is most important . I stopped wearing dresses 32 years ago and my disposition improved several hundred percent . You ca n't think if you 're not comfortable . ''
She always spoke from the public point of view and never of her personal interests . Former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives Ralph Turlington said of Ms. Rogers `` of all the people I have known in my public life , she is one of the most , if not the most , unique , ethical and memorable . '' In 1969 , the Florida Senate passed a resolution honoring her as `` a true champion of the people . '' The House of Representatives did the same in 1973 , where the members gave her a standing ovation and allowed her to address the chamber from the 'well . ' Speaker Turlington said of the event `` I was a member of The House for 24 years , and [ she ] was the only person then , and perhaps ever , to be honored in this special way . ''
Rogers died in 1974 at the age of 87 .
References
External links
1886 births
1974 deaths
American lobbyists
American suffragists
People from Gainesville , Florida
Stephan W. Koch was a German theoretical physicist . He was a professor at the University of Marburg and works on condensed-matter theory , many-body effects , and laser theory . He is best known for his seminal contributions to the optical and electronic properties of semiconductors , semiconductor quantum optics , and semiconductor laser designs . Major portion of his research work has focused on the quantum physics and application potential of semiconductor nanostructures . Besides gaining fundamental insights to the many-body quantum theory , his work has provided new possibilities to develop , e.g. , laser technology , based on accurate computer simulations . His objective has been to self-consistently include all relevant many-body effects in order to eliminate phenomenological approximations that compromise predictability of effects and quantum-device designs .
Biography
Stephan W. Koch studied physics at the University of Frankfurt , obtained his doctorate 1979 about the theory of electron–hole droplet nucleation in strongly excited semiconductors under the supervision of Hartmut Haug . During 1981–83 , he was a postdoctoral fellow and visiting scientist at the IBM Research , San Jose/California and received habilitation in 1983 about the dynamics of equilibrium and non-equilibrium first-order phase transitions , from the Department of Theoretical Physics of the University of Frankfurt . He continued his active research both in Germany and US with the help of scholarships from the F. Thyssen Foundation and of the Heisenberg Program of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft . In 1986 , he became professor at the Physics Department and Optical Sciences Center of the University of Arizona in Tucson , AZ , and in 1989 , he accepted a chair there . In 1993 , he accepted a chair of theoretical physics at the University of Marburg , where he has worked ever since . Stephan W. Koch has very close ties with the research efforts at the Optical Sciences Center , University of Arizona , where he has been an adjunct professor and an active collaborator since 1994 .
Main research topics
Stephan W. Koch has worked on multiple topics in the general field of semiconductor optics . Before the year 1988 , the state-of-the-art description of semiconductor optics and lasers was mainly based on simplified rate-equation approaches which can not describe the nonequilibrium quantum kinetics of Coulomb-coupled electrons and holes ( electronic vacancies in valence band ) . To go beyond this approach , he was one of the key players to develop the semiconductor Bloch equations ( abbreviated as SBEs ) .
Ever since this breakthrough , the SBEs have been expanded to systematically include new many-body effects such as excitation-induced dephasing ,
non-Markovian effects , and semiconductor excitations with terahertz ( abbreviated as THz )
fields .
The SBEs research is still very active , and the SBEs are the most sophisticated and successful approach to describe optical properties of semiconductors originating
from the classical light–matter interaction .
During the late 1980s , quantum-dot systems started to catch a significant research attention worldwide due to their intriguing quantum-confinement properties . He and his coworkers demonstrated
the configuration-interaction approach and its application to the optical properties of strongly quantum-confined semiconductors . This approach is actively used in order to explain the quantum-optical properties of quantum-dot systems .
Several of his ongoing projects focus on problems arising in the area of modern semiconductor quantum optics , microcavities , and laser theory .
In this field , Stephan W. Koch and his coworkers have concentrated on explaining how the quantum features of light can be described in connection with semiconductors . The novelty and difficulty of this research stems from determining and controlling many-body and quantum-optical features simultaneously . The first step toward this direction emerged in the form of the semiconductor luminescence equations
( abbreviated as SLEs ) ; the SLEs describe the quantum physics where quantum fluctuations of light initiate incoherent light emission from spontaneous recombination of Coulomb-coupled electron–hole pairs . The SLEs not only set the standard in describing quantum-light emission in semiconductors but they are also ideally suited for modeling quantum-light sources and filters based on
semiconductor technology . The extensions of SLEs include resonance fluorescence and higher-order photon-correlation effects and are the basis to expand the quantum-optical spectroscopy .
He and his coworkers are working on a systematic theory to describe excitation of solids with THz fields . Typical laser excitations are resonant with band-to-band transitions , not the energy difference of several relevant many-body states that actually match the THz-photon energy . Therefore , THz spectroscopy offers a new way to view many-body systems , e.g. , by detecting particular many-body states
directly or by controlling their quantum dynamics . This research direction seems currently particularly lucrative due to the rapid progress of THz technology in producing high-quality , intense and/or single-cycle THz sources and lasers for spectroscopic purposes .
Stephan W. Koch 's innovations have always caught broad interest within the research community ; his papers have been cited more than 15000 times to date ( 2013 ) .
Awards
Stephan W. Koch has received numerous awards for his achievements in the field of semiconductor optics . Most notably due to his work on the theoretical foundations of light–matter interaction in semiconductor materials , he received the Leibniz Prize of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft in 1997 and the Max Planck Research Award of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation and of the Max Planck Society in 1999 .
Books
Stephan W. Koch has coauthored eight text books that have had a major effect on laying solid foundations to understand semiconductor optics and semiconductor quantum optics . His most recent work includes :
Website of this book ( sqobook.org )
References
External links
Theoretical Semiconductor Physics Group of the University of Marburg
Quantum physicists
Optical physicists
21st-century German physicists
Living people
Goethe University Frankfurt alumni
University of Marburg faculty
University of Arizona faculty
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners
Fellows of the American Physical Society
20th-century German physicists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Aller may refer to :
Places
Rivers
Aller ( Germany ) , a major river in North Germany
Aller ( Asturian river ) , a river in Asturias , Spain
River Aller , a small river on Exmoor in Somerset , England
Inhabited places in the United Kingdom
Aller , Devon , a village in Devon , England
Aller , Dorset , a village in Dorset , England
Aller , Somerset , a village and parish in Somerset , England
Aller and Beer Woods , a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset , England
Aller Hill , a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset , England
Aller Grove , a village in Devon , England
Aller Park , Devon , also known as Aller , near Newton Abbot , Devon , England
Inhabited Places elsewhere
Aller , Asturias , a municipality in Asturias , Spain
Other uses
Aller ( surname )
Aller Media , a Danish publishing company , publishers of Allers magazine
All England Law Reports , law reports covering England and Wales , cited as All ER
See also
Allers ( surname )
Obere Aller , a municipality in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany
The thoracic spinal nerve 1 ( T1 ) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment .
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 1 ( T1 ) .
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Oakley United Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Oakley , Fife . Formed in 1964 , they play their home games at Blairwood Park . The club 's colours are maroon and light blue .
The team plays in the East of Scotland Football League , having moved from the SJFA East Region South Division in 2018 .
In season 2005–06 , they won the Fife District championship to gain promotion to the East Superleague , having been relegated from the same division in season 2004–05 . At the end of season 2006–07 they were relegated from the East Superleague .
The team has been managed since November 2018 by Stewart Kenny .
Honours
East of Scotland League First Division Conference B : 2021–22
East Region Fife / Central Division : 2005–06 , 2010–11
Fife & Lothians Cup : 1982–83
Fife Junior League winners : 1971–72 , 1978–79 , 1979–80 , 1982–83 , 1985–86 , 1987–88 , 2000–01 , 2005–06
ACA Fife League Cup : 2005–06
Fife Junior Cup : 1987–88 , 2004–05 , 2006–07
Cowdenbeath Cup : 1970–71 , 1982–83 , 1995–96 , 1998–99 , 2001–02 , 2003–04
Kingdom Kegs Cup : 2000–01 , 2004–05 , 2006–07
Stella Artois Cup : 2003–04
Former players
Players that have played/managed in the top two tiers of the Scottish League or any foreign equivalent to this level ( i.e . fully professional league ) .
Players with full international caps .
Players who have achieved success in the media or other professions .
David Bingham
Peter Goldie ( Duloch Juniors legend )
George Connelly
Cammy Fraser
John Fraser
Ernie McGarr
Willie Newbigging
Ray Sharp
Kenny Ward
Terry Wilson
Bobby Graham
Lewis Peddie
References
External links
Official site
Football clubs in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Association football clubs established in 1964
Football clubs in Fife
1964 establishments in Scotland
East of Scotland Football League teams
Iurie Iovu ( born 6 July 2002 ) is a Moldovan football player . He plays for Croatian club Istra 1961 on loan from the Italian club Venezia .
Club career
He was raised in the system of Cagliari and began receiving call-ups to their senior squad in early 2022 . He remained on the bench on all those occasions .
On 31 August 2022 , Iovu signed a two-year contract with Serie B club Venezia and was immediately loaned out to Istra 1961 in Croatia , with an obligation to buy .
International career
He made his debut for Moldova national football team on 15 November 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Austria .
References
External links
2002 births
Sportspeople from Chișinău
Living people
Moldovan footballers
Moldova youth international footballers
Moldova under-21 international footballers
Moldova international footballers
Association football defenders
Cagliari Calcio players
Venezia F.C . players
NK Istra 1961 players
Moldovan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
The following lists prisoner of war populations in the continental United States during World War II .
Notes
References
World War II prisoners of war held by the United States
United States history-related lists
Isaac Morgan Reeves ( 1822-1905 ) was a long serving Irish Anglican priest .
Reeves educated at Trinity College , Dublin He was ordained deacon in 1844 and priest in 1845 . After a curacy in Douglas , County Cork he held incumbencies at St John of Jerusalem , Hackney then Rosscarbery , County Cork .
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Deans of Ross , Ireland
1905 deaths
1822 births
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
20th-century Irish Anglican priests
Howard Hutchinson ( 1921-2012 ) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Hutchinson made his full All Whites debut in a 3–8 loss to South Africa on 12 July 1947 and ended his international playing career with four A-international caps to his credit , his final cap an appearance in a 1–8 loss to Australia on 11 September 1948 .
References
1921 births
2012 deaths
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Douala Athletic Club 2000 is a football club in Cameroon .
History
Douala Athletic Club was founded in the year 2000 . In 2002 , the club was promoted to the Province du Littoral , the then-second tier of football in Cameroon . DAC played eleven times in that league , before in 2013 winning MTN Elite Two and promoted to Elite One , the top tier .
Stadium
They play at 30,000 capacity Stade de la Réunification in Douala .
Notess
Football clubs in Cameroon
Sports clubs in Cameroon
Lesinurad ( brand name Zurampic ) is a urate transporter inhibitor for treating high blood uric acid levels associated with gout . It is only recommended together with either allopurinol or febuxostat when these medications are not sufficient .
It received FDA approval on 22 December 2015 . The European Commission granted a marketing authorisation valid throughout the European Union on 18 February 2016 . In February 2019 , it was discontinued in the United States by its manufacturer for business reasons , and was subsequently withdrawn in Europe in July 2020 .
Medical uses
Lesinurad is used in combination with a xanthine oxidase inhibitor , such as allopurinol or febuxostat , for treating hyperuricemia ( high levels of uric acid in the blood serum ) associated with gout . It is approved only for patients who have not achieved target uric acid levels with a xanthine oxidase inhibitor alone .
Contraindications
The drug is contraindicated in people with tumour lysis syndrome or Lesch–Nyhan syndrome ( juvenile gout ) , as well as severe impairment of kidney function , including kidney transplant and hemodialysis patients .
Adverse drug reactions
In clinical trials , serum creatinine ( an important marker for kidney function ) was elevated in 4.3 to 7.8 % of patients depending on the dose , as compared to 2.3 % under placebo . Manifest kidney problems were less frequent under the standard dose than under placebo : Kidney failure occurred in 2.1 % of placebo patients , in 1.2 % of patients with the therapeutic standard dose , and in 3.5 % of patients with the double dose . For kidney stones , the frequencies were 1.7 % , 0.6 % and 2.5 % , respectively .
Other common side effects were influenza ( 5.1 % vs. 2.7 % under placebo ) , headache ( 5.3 % vs. 4.1 % ) , and gastroesophageal reflux disease ( 2.7 % vs. 0.8 % ) . Hypersensitivity reactions were rare ( < 0.1 % ) .
Interactions
The substance is a mild inducer of the liver enzyme CYP3A4 . Some drugs that are metabolized by this enzyme have been shown to be slightly less effective when combined with lesinurad , examples including simvastatin and warfarin . It might also be a mild inducer of CYP2B6 . On the other hand , lesinurad concentrations in the blood are decreased by drugs that induce CYP2C9 and increased by substances that inhibit this enzyme ( such as fluconazole ) , as well as in people who have genetically determined low CYP2C9 activity . The same may be true of microsomal epoxide hydrolase inhibitors ( such as valproic acid ) .
High dose aspirin and related drugs reduce the effectiveness of other anti-gout medications . It is not known conclusively whether this also applies to lesinurad , but low dose aspirin does not negatively affect its activity .
Pharmacology
Mechanism of action
Lesinurad inhibits URAT1 , a protein that is responsible for reabsorption of uric acid in the kidneys . This leads to increased uric acid excretion with the urine , and consequently lower blood levels . It also inhibits the protein OAT4 , which is associated with hyperuricemia caused by diuretic drugs .
Pharmacokinetics
Lesinurad is quickly and practically completely absorbed from the gut . Highest blood plasma concentrations are reached after one to four hours . When in the bloodstream , the substance is almost completely ( > 98 % ) bound to plasma proteins , mainly albumin .
It is metabolized mainly by the liver enzyme CYP2C9 to various oxidation products , predominantly to a hydroxylated substance called M3 and an epoxide , M3c . The latter is quickly hydrolyzed to the diol M4 by microsomal epoxide hydrolase ( mEH ) . The enzymes CYP1A1 , CYP2C19 and CYP3A only play minor roles in its metabolization . Glucuronidation by the enzymes UGT1A1 and UGT2B7 has also been detected .
Lesinurad is excreted via the urine ( 63 % ) and feces ( 32 % ) , with a biological half-life of about five hours . Of the excreted dose , 30 % are unchanged lesinurad , and the rest are metabolites .
Pharmacogenomics
People who are CYP2C9 poor metabolizers are exposed to lesinurad concentrations that are about 1.8-fold higher than those with a normal function of this enzyme .
Chemistry
Lesinurad is a white to off-white powder and is not hygroscopic . It is a 1:1 racemic mixture of atropisomers .
See also
Lesinurad/allopurinol , a fixed-dose combination drug
References
Further reading
External links
Antigout agents
AstraZeneca brands
Bromoarenes
Carboxylic acids
Cyclopropyl compounds
Naphthalenes
Thioethers
Triazoles
Withdrawn drugs
The Bangladesh Shooting Sport Federation is the national sports federation responsible for promoting and regulating shooting sports in Bangladesh .
History
The Bangladesh Shooting Sport Federation was founded in 1955 by Lieutenant Colonel Hesamuddin Ahmed.The federation is located in Gulshan , Dhaka . Lieutenant General Ataul Hakim Sarwar Hasan is the President of Bangladesh Shooting Sports Federation .
References
1955 establishments in East Pakistan
Sports governing bodies in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1955
National members of the Asian Shooting Confederation
Organisations based in Dhaka
Take 21 , previously Toronto Student Film Festival or TSFF , is an annual event for youth to showcase their talent in a variety of short film genres . Take 21 has attracted filmmakers from several countries . Prizes have focused on work experiences in the industry , scholarships to film making programmes , money , and film equipment .
History
In the fall of 2005 , three grade twelve students from Crescent School in Toronto , Ontario , approached their teacher , Jamie MacRae , with the idea of creating a new student film festival specifically designed to showcase youth talent , and creativity . The festival would provide an opportunity for students from any part of the world to screen their media works and short films . The TSFF Founding Committee was made up of these three Crescent School students – Zack Russell , Gordon Steiner , and David Whyte , Jamie MacRae ( Head of Media Arts , Crescent School , Colin Lowndes Head of Crescent 's Upper [ High ] School , and entertainment executive Pat Macdonald .
Past Finalists
2014 Finalists
2013 Finalists
2012 Finalists
2011 Finalists
Past Judges
2014
Sarah Goodman
Maxine Bailey
Kass Banning
2013
Ron Mann
Susan Coyne
Richard Crouse
2012
Jesse Wente
Martha Burns
Ron Mann
2011
Sarah Polley
Jane Tattersal
Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas
2010
Niv Fichman
Deepa Mehta
Paul Gross
Past Sponsors
2014
Platinum Sponsors
CBC Documentary Channel
Vistek
Celtx
Royal St. George 's College
Gold Sponsors
Independent Producers Studio
Victoria University
Crescent School
Canuck Camera
Silver Sponsors
Balmoral Dental Arts
Raindance Canada
Johnnyland
Max the Mutt
Canada Home Movies
Toronto Youth Shorts Film Festival
2013
Gold Sponsors
Celtx
Vervegirl Magazine
Cineplex
Crescent School
Royal St. George 's College
YoungCuts Festival
Silver Sponsors
Crumpler
Max The Mutt
Ste . Anne 's Spa
Toronto Home Movies
2012
Gold Sponsors
BMO Nesbitt Burnes
Cineplex
New York Film Academy
Toronto Academy of Acting for Film & Television
Witz Education
Royal St. George 's College
Crescent School
Silver Sponsors
Australian Boot Company
Crumpler
Max The Mutt
Picton Picturefest
Rooster Post
Toronto Home Movies
External links
TSFF Website
TSFF Facebook Page
TSFF Twitter Page
References
Short film festivals in Canada
Film festivals in Toronto
Student film festivals
Lazzaro Bastiani ( 1429 – 5 April 1512 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance , active mainly in Venice .
He was born in Padua . He is first recorded as a painter in Venice by 1460 in a payment for an altarpiece of San Samuele , for the Procuratori di San Marco . In 1462 he was paid at the same rate as Giovanni Bellini . In 1470 , he was a member of the Scuola di San Girolamo in Venice . In the 1480s he worked with Gentile Bellini for the Scuola Grande di San Marco . He painted a Coronation of the Virgin ( Gallerie dell'Accademia ) ; a Nativity ( 1477 ) ; and a St. Anthony on the Nut Tree .
In 1508 he was called upon , with his pupil Vittore Carpaccio , to estimate paintings of Giorgione for the Fondaco dei Tedeschi .
References
Grove Encyclopedia of Art entry
Getty museum biography
A Guide to the Paintings of Venice , Karl Karoly , and Frank Tryon Charles , George bell and Sons , London , 1895 , page 229 .
1429 births
1512 deaths
Painters from Padua
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
16th-century Italian painters
Painters from Venice
Italian Renaissance painters
Anthony Molloy ( born 28 May 1962 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for Ard an Rátha and the Donegal county team .
He captained Donegal to the Sam Maguire Cup in 1992 .
Early life and family
Molloy is from Leamagowra . This is a small townland on the way over Glengesh Pass on the way towards Glencolmcille . He was born on 28 May 1962 . In 1992 , he was living at 61 Conlin Road in Killybegs .
He is the uncle of C. J. Molloy .
In December 2019 , a niece of his was killed while working as a nurse in the Royal Melbourne Hospital . She was also his goddaughter .
Playing career
Molloy won the Under-14 Championship with his club in 1976 .
He played during the 1982 All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship , which Donegal won .
Molloy went on to play for his county at senior level for twelve years , amassing 123 appearances . He played senior football for Donegal from 1982 until 1994 .
Molloy played against Cavan in the 1983 Ulster final , won by Donegal .
He played against Armagh in the 1990 Ulster final , won by Donegal .
Molloy captained Donegal to the 1992 All-Ireland title . He famously exclaimed `` Sam 's for the hills '' as he did so . His speech is still held in high regard within the sport nationally . He would win an Star in 1992 as well .
Molloy also won two New York Senior Football Championships in 1986 and 1992 , while playing for Donegal New York .
By the end of his playing days , Molloy had been left with a troublesome left knee . It had no joint left , simply bone on bone . Molloy described it , in the Sean Potts-edited book Voices from Croke Park : The Stories of 12 GAA heroes , as being `` riddled with arthritis '' . County team doctor Austin O'Kennedy regarded it as being one of the worst knees he had ever seen . Molloy had surgery on `` seven or eight '' occasions , before having his knee replaced at the Mater Private in October 2008 . He funded the earlier operations with his own insurance . However , the €22,000 owed for the replacement was nearly double the maximum allowed by his insurance and this led to Molloy receiving solicitors ' letters from the hospital . He expressed disappointment at the lack of interest from the Donegal County Board in resolving the issue . Molloy contacted his former manager Brian McEniff ; McEniff contacted GAA Director General Páraic Duffy and eventually the GAA paid `` the outstanding amount '' .
Management career
Molloy managed the county minor team to an Ulster Minor Football Championship in 1996 . He was mentioned as a possible successor to P. J. McGowan as manager in 1997 in a dual role with Tom Conaghan . He withdrew and Declan Bonner became manager .
He was managing his local club in 2007 . He has also been assistant manager .
Molloy has also managed the Naomh Columba club .
Immediately following Donegal 's All-Ireland semi-final victory over Cork in 2012 , manager Jim McGuinness had Molloy deliver a message to the players beneath the Hogan Stand in Croke Park . Captain Michael Murphy later described it : `` 'Seize the opportunity ' was pretty much the message he gave us . We 're still trying to live by those words now ; in every game we play we 're living in the present , trying to grab the chance . Molloy did n't beat around the bush when he came in . He warned us that there was no point in us living with the false hope that it would all be quiet , but that we needed to be ourselves . His big message was about seizing the opportunity and how they thought after '92 that they 'd win more '' . When Donegal won the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final , Molloy raised the hand of Murphy at the local homecoming event , where Paddy McGrath and Pat Shovelin also featured .
Other ventures
Towards the end of 2009 , Molloy joined the Gaelic Players Association but found it unpalatable . He was regarded as a leading candidate to replace P. J. McGowan as County Chairman when McGowan 's five years came to an end in December 2012 . In 2013 , Molloy was one of six nominees for the position of vice-chairman of the Donegal County Board executive . He was critical of the selection process used to decide the new Donegal senior manager in 2017 .
Molloy has spoken publicly of his struggles with alcoholism . He presented the documentary Deoch an Dorais ( Name Your Poison ) , aired on TG4 on 28 December 2015 . He has been involved in insurance , property , sales and with pubs . He stood for the Fianna Fáil political party in the Glenties Electoral Area at the 2019 Donegal County Council election and won a seat .
Honours
Player
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship : 1992 ( c . )
Ulster Senior Football Championship : 1983 , 1990 , 1992 ( c . )
All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship : 1982
Ulster Under-21 Football Championship : 1982
Donegal Senior Football Championship : 19 ? ?
New York Senior Football Championship : 1986 , 1992
Manager
Ulster Minor Football Championship : 1996
Individual
All Star : 1992
Donegal Player of the Year : 1988 , 1990
In May 2012 , the Irish Independent named him in its selection of Donegal 's `` greatest team '' spanning the previous 50 years .
Silver Jubilee Football Team of the Ulster GAA Writers Association ( UGAAWA ) nomination : 2012
In June 2016 , Molloy was given the Freedom of County Donegal , the seventh recipient of the honour ; he followed others such as Packie Bonner , Shay Given and Daniel O'Donnell . He was the first GAA figure to receive the honour .
References
External links
Anthony Molloy at gaainfo.com
1962 births
Living people
All-Ireland-winning captains ( football )
Ard an Rátha Gaelic footballers
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Donegal New York Gaelic footballers
Fianna Fáil politicians
Gaelic football managers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Irish sportsperson-politicians
Local councillors in County Donegal
People from Ardara , County Donegal
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal ( Gaelic football )
The Knifemakers ' Guild is an American organization , based in Richfield , Utah , made up of knifemakers to promote custom knives , encourage ethical business practices , assist with technical aspects of knife making , and to sponsor knife shows . The Guild is composed of 300 knifemaker members and several thousand collectors , writers , and other investors as honorary members .
History
The idea for the Knifemakers ' Guild came about at a Las Vegas , Nevada , gun show held at the Sahara Casino in February 1970 . The actual founding occurred in November 1970 by A.G. Russell in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Charter members included Blackie Collins , Bob Loveless , John Nelson Cooper , and Dan Dennehy . Russell was made the first president with Loveless as the secretary .
The current president is Gil Hibben , past presidents have included Jimmy Lile , Frank Centofante , D'Alton Holder , George Herron , Buster Warenski , and William F. Moran . The Knifemakers ' Guild has over 300 members worldwide .
The Knifemakers ' Guild hosts an annual show where members meet once a year to conduct business , elect officers , and display their work . The show is attended by thousands of collectors .
References
External links
Knifemakers ' Guild
Knife makers
Professional associations based in the United States
Organizations based in Utah
Organizations established in 1970
Isotenes inae is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Alexey Diakonoff in 1948 . It is found in Nepal , India , Thailand , Vietnam , Taiwan and Indonesia ( Sumatra , Java , Sulawesi and Seram ) . The habitat consists of lower and upper montane forests .
References
Moths described in 1948
Archipini
Penetrant may refer to :
Penetrant ( biochemical ) , a chemical that increases the ability of a poison to apply its toxic effect to a living organism
Penetrant ( mechanical , electrical , or structural ) , service of structural item penetrating a fire-resistance rated wall or floor assembly
Penetrating oil , lubricant
See also
Liquid penetrant , medium for Dye penetrant inspection
Penetrance , in genetics , is the proportion of individuals carrying a particular variant of a gene
The Marree Mosque is a mosque located in , South Australia , Australia .
History
The mosque was completed in ( some sources indicate as early as 1861 ) , by members of the South Australian Afghan community . These `` Afghans '' were generally Muslims from then-British India , although some came from Afghanistan and the Middle East . They worked as cameldrivers and breeders in the region . Figures indicate an approximation that 3,000 `` Ghans '' were involved in this type of work until it was overtaken by the car and train in the 1930s .
The mosque was constructed by camel breeder Abdul Kadir , owner of Wangamanna Station . Another cameleer , Mullah Assim Khan , became imam of the Marree mosque in the early 20th century . The town had two mosques for some time , before the northern one was abandoned around 1910 . Another report indicates that a mosque was deliberately demolished in 1956 by its elderly caretaker , Syed Goolamdeen , who could no longer maintain it .
As of 2003 , it was reported in one source that the descendants of the Afghans in Marree have rebuilt the mosque . However , a heritage survey funded by the Australian and South Australian governments and which was conducted from April 2001 to June 2002 reveals that the mosque no longer exists apart from an area of prepared ground and post stubs , and the nearby remains of an enclosure for camels . The report of the heritage survey which was published in 2002 reports that a `` replica mosque '' had been built within the Marree township . A tourist map published in 2018 shows a mosque within a park called the `` Afghan Camellier Park '' ( sic ) located within the alignment of the former Central Australia Railway which passed through the town .
See also
List of mosques in Oceania
Afghan cameleers in Australia
List of first mosques by country
References
Further reading
Australia 's First Muslims at ArdernObservations blogspot
Mosques in South Australia
Far North ( South Australia )
Religious organizations established in 1882
1882 establishments in Australia
Former religious buildings and structures in Australia
Mosques completed in 1882
Eugene Ankomah is a self-taught British contemporary visual artist of Ghanaian descent , with an art career that has spanned more than eighteen years .
Early life
Born and raised in the London Borough of Brent , northwest London , Ankomah spent his early childhood living in Ghana with his parents and four siblings , before his family relocated to the United Kingdom in 1990 .
He attended Willesden High School in 1991 now known as Capital City Academy , He then studied at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design , before going on to earn a bachelor 's degree in Illustration and Fine Art at the University of Westminster .
Awards and prizes
At the age of 17 , Ankomah became the first ever recipient of the Peter Evans Award , awarded by his school for best student , winning a prize fund of £900 as part of the prize . He has been awarded from The Apthorp Fund for Young Artists ( which he won twice in 1999 and 2002 ) , Urban Tension ' Prize and Contemporary Portraits ' Prize .
Shows and exhibitions
To date , Ankomah has taken part in more than 90 shows and exhibitions .
He was chosen by the National Campaign for the Arts ( NCA ) – then chaired by Melvyn Bragg ( presenter of ITV 's The South Bank Show and long-time broadcaster ) – to showcase his work in a 2003 major solo show entitled The Birth at London 's Carnaby Street .
In 2008 , Ankomah took part in a group show entitled An Expo of Artful Dodgers among a list of UK visual artists . He was part of a selected group of artists described as `` the cream of up-and-coming talent '' by The Daily Telegraph .
During this period Ankomah took part in several other group shows , including Graffiti Express ( which he curated ) , an experimental group show which took place at The Wall at the Gallery in Willesden Green .
Commissions and projects
In 2002 Ankomah was one of a group of artists that worked on a flag for Buckingham Palace in honour of the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II . In 2010 his works were part of a Coalition Government Christmas card .
External links
Official website
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Contemporary sculptors
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
Black British artists
Painters from London
Alumni of Central Saint Martins
Alumni of the University of Westminster
English people of Ghanaian descent
20th-century British sculptors
English male sculptors
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
The Lone Eagle is a 1927 American silent melodrama directed by Emory Johnson , based on the story by Emilie Johnson , and starring Raymond Keane , Barbara Kent and Nigel Barrie . It was released by Universal Pictures on September 18 , 1927 .
Plot
During World War I , American pilot Lieutenant William ( Billy ) Holmes ( Raymond Keane ) accepts an assignment with the Royal Flying Corps . The unit location is on the Western Front and has seen plenty of action . During Billy 's first air battle , he is accused of cowardice .
He meets an attractive French woman named Mimi ( Barbara Kent ) . They start to fall in love , but the cowardice accusation continues to dog Billy . Mimi stirs Billy 's emotions , and he becomes determined to prove his mettle in battle .
The unit receives its next flying mission . The group takes to the sky and encounters a squadron of German aircraft . American ace Red McGibbons ( Donald Stuart ) is one of Billy 's best friends . During the dogfight , Red manages to shoot down a German plane , but is also killed .
The pilot of the downed German aircraft turns out to be the brother of the leader of the German squadron . Lebrun ( Cuyler Supplee ) , the squadron leader , is the top German ace of the squadron . He is determined to avenge his brother 's death . He challenges the Royal Flying Corps to an aerial fight .
Still thinking of his best friend , Billy accepts the challenge from LeBrun . Mimi tries to dissuade him , but fails . He jumps in the cockpit of his Sopwith Camel , takes off in pursuit of Lebrun . An epic air duel breaks out , and Lebrun shoots down Billy 's aircraft . Billy survives , then commandeers another aircraft from his friend Sven Linder ( Jack Pennick ) . He returns to the air and shoots the German ace down .
Billy is a hero and soon the Allies and the Germans sign the Armistice . With the war over , Billy returns to the United States along with his new bride – Mimi .
Cast
Raymond Keane as Lieutenant William Holmes
Barbara Kent as Mimi
Nigel Barrie as Captain Richardson
Jack Pennick as Sven Linder
Oskar Marion as Captain W.Buehl
Wilson Benge as Truck Driver
Donald Stuart as Red McGibbons
Cuyler Supplee as Lebrun
Frank Camphill as Lieutenant at Desk
Marcella Daly as Nannette
Eugene Pouyet as Innkeeper
Brent Overstreet as Aviator
Egbert Cook as Aviator
Production
The credits of The Lone Eagle claim that Emilie Johnson only “ assisted ” in the screenwriting .
Principal photography took place on location at a small airport near San Diego , California .
Reception
Aviation film historian James Farmer in Celluloid Wings : The Impact of Movies on Aviation ( 1984 ) noted , despite the film 's tagline :
Greatest of all airplane stories taken from the great war . . .The Lone Eagle was a cheaply produced World War I air drama .
Preservation status
A report created by film historian and archivist David Pierce for the Library of Congress claims :
75 % of original silent-era films have perished .
14 % of the 10,919 silent films released by major studios exist in their original 35mm or other formats .
11 % survive in full-length foreign versions or on film formats of lesser image quality . Many silent-era films did not survive for a multitude of reasons .
Emory Johnson directed 13 films - 11 were silent , and 2 were Talkies.The Lone Eagle was the second film in Emory Johnson 's eight-picture contract with Universal . The film 's original length is listed at 6 reels .
According to the Library of Congress website , this film has the status of - No holdings located in archives ; thus , it is presumed all copies of this film are lost .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
1927 adventure films
1920s romance films
1920s war films
1927 films
1927 drama films
American action adventure films
American adventure films
American aviation films
American black-and-white films
American romance films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American war films
1920s English-language films
Film Booking Offices of America films
Films set in France
Melodrama films
Lost American films
Universal Pictures films
American World War I films
1927 lost films
Films directed by Emory Johnson
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent adventure films
Silent American drama films
Safi Pirak
Safi Pirak is a village in Sibi district , Balochistan , Pakistan .
References
See also
Mehergarh
Bibi Nani
khajjak
Dehpal
Marghazani
Kurak
Balochistan
Sibi District
Sargocentron dorsomaculatum , also known as the spotfin squirrelfish , is a species of squirrelfish found in the western Pacific Ocean near the Ryukyu Islands , Pohnpei , Kosrae , the Caroline Islands , and Palau . It lives in shallow reefs at depths between . Like other members of its genus , it is nocturnal and seeks shelter among corals and other structures . It can reach sizes of up to SL .
References
External links
dorsomaculatum
Fish described in 1979
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
LEI is one of the research institutes of Wageningen University and Research Centre ( WUR ) . Within the Netherlands and Belgium , LEI is the leading institute for social-economic research in the fields of agriculture , horticulture and fisheries , the management of rural areas , the agricultural sector and the production and consumption of food .
Through this research , LEI provides support for the decisions that governments and businesses need to make in the fields of competitiveness , the management of production chains , spatial planning , environmental protection , natural resources , the European Common Agricultural Policy and global trading .
LEI also performs legal and service-related tasks for the Ministry of Agriculture , Nature and Food Quality . The Agricultural Economic Report and other annual reports present an impression of the financial and economic position of companies and sectors .
History
LEI – originally the Landbouw Economisch Instituut ( Agricultural Economics Institute ) – was established in the late 1930s by agricultural organisations . In the 1970s it became part of the Dutch ministry of Agriculture and in the 1990s it was privatised .
LEI now forms part of Wageningen University and Research Centre , within which it combines with the Department of Social Sciences to form the Social Sciences Group .
External links
www.lei.wur.nl/UK
Research institutes in the Netherlands
Wageningen University and Research
Arturo Ramos ( born 13 October 1960 ) is a Cuban water polo player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
1960 births
Living people
Cuban male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Cuba
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
John Becker is a writer based in the Washington , D.C. area . His plays are known primarily for their dark humor . He was awarded first place in a theatre festival held at the Kennedy Center in Washington , D.C for a work entitled Summit Meeting . He was also awarded Individual Artist Grants for both fiction and play writing through the Maryland State Arts Council . His plays have been produced throughout the D.C. and Baltimore corridor , as well as the Emerging Artists Theatre in New York .
Published works
Consider the Ravens ( play , 1998 )
`` Milton '' ( short story , 1999 )
Summit Meeting
The Last Sacred Place ( play , 2005 )
References
www.msac.org/docs_uploaded/iaa06winners.htm
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American dramatists and playwrights
American short story writers
Inverkeithing United Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Inverkeithing , Fife , who won the Scottish Junior Cup in 1912–13 . The club was reformed in 2017 as community football club .
History
The club began as a Juvenile side , Inverkeithing Renton , in 1906 and won the Fife Juvenile Cup in 1910–11 . Renton changed their name to United when stepping up to the Junior grade in 1912 . The club won the Scottish Junior Cup in their debut season at this level , defeating Dunipace Juniors 1–0 at Firhill Park , Glasgow in front of a crowd of 9,564 . They were the first club from Fife to win the Junior Cup , and remained the only one to do so until St Andrews United triumphed in 1960 .
The club played on through World War I using scratch sides drawn from military personnel then enjoyed local success in Fife before going into abeyance in 1927 due to ground issues . Rejoining in 1929 , the club continued to pick up local honours but United closed down for a second time at the beginning of World War II . They reformed as a Juvenile side after the war , but only played one further season at Junior level in 1958–59 . The club closed completely in 1963 .
Their Ballast Bank ground was used many years later by another Junior side , Dunfermline Jubilee Athletic , who arrived from Cowdenbeath in 1973 and left for Pitreavie Stadium in 1989 . Jubilee is a predecessor of the current Rosyth .
Honours
Scottish Junior Cup
Winners : 1912–13
Other honours
Fife County League winners : 1919–20 , 1933–34
Fife Junior Cup winners : 1925–26
Cowdenbeath Cup winners : 1912–13 , 1921–22 , 1922–23 , 1926–27
Dunfermline Cup winners : 1925–26 , 1931–32 , 1932–33 , 1933–34
Fife Shield winners : 1919–20 , 1923–24
References
Association football clubs established in 1906
Association football clubs disestablished in 1963
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Defunct football clubs in Scotland
1906 establishments in Scotland
1963 disestablishments in Scotland
Football clubs in Fife
Inverkeithing
V 302 Bremen was a German fishing trawler that was requisitoned by the Kriegsmarine during the Second World War for use as a vorpostenboot . She was built in 1929 as Karl Kühling and was renamed Bremen in 1937 . She was returned to her owners post-war and was scrapped in 1953 .
Description
As built , the ship was long , with a beam of . She had a depth of and a draught of . She was assessed at , . She was powered by a triple expansion steam engine , which had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke . The engine was built by the Ottensener Maschinenbau GmbH , Altona , Germany . It was rated at 88nhp . It drove a single screw propeller , and could propel the ship at .
History
Karl Kühling was built as yard number 279 by the Schiffswerft von Henry Koch , AG , Lübeck , Germany for the Hochseefischerei Julius Weeting AG , Bremerhaven , Germany . She was launched in April 1929 and completed on 21 May . The fishing boat registration BX 202 was allocated , as were the Code Letters OVMT . On 16 June 1930 , her registration was changed to ON 136 , then to PG 475 on 4 September 1934 . On 10 November , she was placed under the management the Nordsee Deutsche Hochsee Fisherei Bremen-Cuxhaven AG . During 1934 , her code letters were changed to DNON . Karl Kühling was lengthened in 1936 . She was now long and was assessed at , under the ownership of the Nordsee Deutsche Hochsee Fisherei Bremen-Cuxhaven AG .
In January 1937 , her name was changed to Bremen . She was requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine on 20 September 1939 for use as a vorpostenboot . She was allocated to 3 Vorpostenflotille as V 302 Bremen . She was returned to her owners on 18 August 1945 . In November 1952 , she sprang a leak and sank in the North Sea . Although raised , she was scrapped in Hamburg , West Germany in January 1953 .
References
Sources
1929 ships
Ships built in Lübeck
Fishing vessels of Germany
Steamships of Germany
World War II merchant ships of Germany
Auxiliary ships of the Kriegsmarine
Fishing vessels of West Germany
Maritime incidents in 1952
SF Grei is a Norwegian sports club from Rødtvet , Oslo . It currently has sections for association football , floorball and gymnastics .
The women 's team cooperated with Linderud IL on the team Linderud-Grei Toppfotball , which played in Toppserien , the highest league , but now exist as Grei Kvinner Elite . The men 's team formerly cooperated to form the team Groruddalen BK .
The men 's football team currently plays in the 4. divisjon , the fifth tier of Norwegian football . It had a longer stint in the 2. divisjon , and did well with a third place in their group in 1997 , before being relegated after the 2000 season . In 2002 they won their 3. divisjon group , but in a play-off they were beaten by Borg Fotball 7–1 on aggregate . It last played in the 3. divisjon in 2009 , when it was relegated .
References
Football clubs in Oslo
Association football clubs established in 1919
Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund
1919 establishments in Norway
The following is a list of unproduced David Gordon Green projects in roughly chronological order . During his long career , American film director David Gordon Green has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction . Some of these productions fell in development hell or were cancelled .
2000s
A Confederacy of Dunces
In November 2002 , it was announced that Green was to helm a film adaptation of John Kennedy Toole 's A Confederacy of Dunces for Miramax Films , which bought the film rights to the novel from Paramount Pictures in June that same year . Will Ferrell was to have portrayed Ignatius J. Reilly and Lily Tomlin , Drew Barrymore , Mos Def and Olympia Dukakis were to have co-starred . The script was written by Steven Soderbergh and Scott Kramer . It was reported in 2003 that Barrymore 's production company Flower Films was to co-produce the film with Warner Bros . Principal photography was planned to occur in New Orleans in 2004 . The film never came to fruition . It has been said that Hurricane Katrina played a factor in the film 's cancellation .
The Secret Life of Bees
In March 2003 , it was reported that Green was planning to direct a film adaptation of Sue Monk Kidd 's The Secret Life of Bees . Then , in 2004 , it was announced that Green will write and direct the film for Focus Features , with Lauren Shuler Donner serving as producer . A film was eventually released in 2008 without Green 's involvement .
Fat Albert
Green admitted in a July 11 , 2003 interview with MTV News that he wanted to direct a live action film adaptation of Bill Cosby 's Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids . Green stated , `` I 've had two goals as far as movies are concerned forever that I can remember . One of them was to [ make ] Dunces , and [ then ] more than anything in the whole world , I really wan na do Fat Albert . I got really depressed because they were about to go into production on Fat Albert a year ago with Forest Whitaker directing , so I was super pissed . '' After Whitaker dropped out of Fat Albert , Green campaigned to direct the film . Green was unsuccessful . The film was instead directed by Joel Zwick and released in 2004 .
The Precious Few
It was reported on July 25 , 2003 that Green was working on a script of a film titled Precious Few . Green co-wrote the script with Danny McBride . It has been said that the film is about demolition derbies . The Independent reported that had the film been greenlighted , Green was to have cast Paul Schneider as `` a gay mechanic named Tess . '' Green said of the project in 2011 , `` I would love to ( make it ) . We 've been around for a couple years trying to get it financed . Yeah that would be our flagship film if we can find a great international financier . I wrote it with my buddy when I was all drugged up on painkillers after having jaw surgery and somehow , in six days , we cranked out something we were really proud of . ”
Shockproof Sydney Skate
It was reported in 2004 that Sydney Pollack hired Green to write a film adaptation of Marijane Meaker 's Shockproof Sydney Skate . Pollack was going to direct the film , but his death in 2008 caused it to be shelved .
Lord Vishnu 's Love Handles
Variety reported in July 2004 that Green was attached to direct a film adaptation of Will Clarke 's Lord Vishnu 's Love Handles : A Spy Novel ( sort of ) . The film was to have been distributed by Paramount , but it never came to fruition . Green said of the project in 2011 , `` It got turned around . I think that kind of disappeared . ''
James `` Bubba '' Stewart biopic
In 2005 , Green attempted to make an untitled biopic about the life of James `` Bubba '' Stewart .
Nerd Camp
Green stated in a 2005 interview with IndieWire that he was writing a script of a film titled Nerd Camp and that Seann William Scott was to star in it . Green later said in a 2006 interview that the film was `` about a summer camp for geniuses. ” The film was to have been distributed by Universal Pictures . When asked about the fate of Nerd Camp in 2011 , Green responded , `` They took it away from me and Danny ( McBride ) before anybody knew who we were and had some other guy write it . ''
The Innocent Man
It was announced in 2007 that Green was to write and direct The Innocent Man for Warner Independent Pictures and Smoke House Pictures . The film was to have been based on John Grisham 's non-fiction book about Ron Williamson titled The Innocent Man : Murder and Injustice in a Small Town . According to Green , the film was shelved due to `` legal problems . ''
One in the Chamber
Green reported in 2008 he and Darius Shamir wrote a script titled One in the Chamber . According to Green , the script is about `` a guy going to get his kidnapped son out of prison . '' Green later stated in 2011 that he did not want to direct the film . Variety reported in 2017 that Oceanside Media will produce the film and that Shamir will direct it . Variety further described it as about `` an ex-Marine who finds himself deep in the jungles of Asia searching for his son who has been taken hostage by the most dangerous man in Cambodia . ''
Six Pack
The New York Times reported in August 2008 that Green was working on a remake of the 1982 film Six Pack . It was later reported in 2012 that Green would write and direct the film for 20th Century Fox . The film was never made .
Suspiria
The New York Times also reported in August 2008 that Green completed a script for the remake of the 1977 film Suspiria . Green reportedly co-wrote the script with Chris Gebert . In 2009 , Empire reported that Green would shoot the film in 2010 . In April 2012 , it was announced that Crime Scene Pictures would produce the film . It was also reported that principal photography was to begin in September 2012 . Isabelle Fuhrman was slated to play the lead in Green 's remake . In addition to Fuhrman , Isabelle Huppert , Janet McTeer , Michael Nyqvist and Antje Traue were also to have appeared in the film . Green reported in 2013 that the film was in development hell due to legal issues . In 2015 , it was confirmed that Green will not direct the film . Instead , Luca Guadagnino replaced Green and the film was released in 2018 .
Freaks of the Heartland
It was announced in October 2008 that Green was to direct a film adaptation of Steve Niles ' Dark Horse graphic novel Freaks of the Heartland for Overture Films . Green reported in 2011 that the film might be animated . It was reported in 2016 that Green , if available , was attached to produce and direct a television series based on Freaks of the Heartland for MTV .
2010s
Battling Boy
In May 2010 , it was announced that Paramount Pictures hired Green and Josh Parkinson to rewrite the Battling Boy script . The project was to have been based on Paul Pope 's graphic novel of the same name . According to Den of Geek , Paramount rejected Green and Parkinson 's script because the studio wanted `` a more comedic approach and punk rock vibe . ''
Free Country
It was also announced in May 2010 that Green was eyeing to direct Parkinson 's first original screenplay titled Free Country . The story was described as `` a thriller with comedic elements . ''
Barefoot Bandit/Taking Flight
It was reported in July 2010 that Green was to produce and direct Barefoot Bandit for 20th Century Fox . It was to have based on Taking Flight : The Hunt for a Young Outlaw , a nonfiction book by Bob Friel about the life of Colton Harris Moore . The script was written by Dustin Lance Black . In 2012 , it was announced that Green dropped out of the project .
Ice Station Zebra
Green announced in April 2011 that he expressed interest in doing a remake of the 1968 film Ice Station Zebra , adding that he wrote a script for the remake for Warner Bros .
Q
In November 2011 , it was announced that Green would write and direct a film adaptation of Evan Mandery 's Q for Columbia Pictures . The film was to have been produced by Matt Tolmach and Pouya Shahbazian .
Little House on the Prairie
It was reported in 2012 that Green was in talks to direct a film based on Laura Ingalls Wilder 's Little House on the Prairie for Sony Pictures . Abi Morgan was to have written the script . Scott Rudin was to serve as producer . Green left the project in 2014 when it was announced that Sean Durkin will direct the film .
Hit the Road Jack
In a 2013 interview with the Special Broadcasting Service , Green expressed interest in remaking his film Prince Avalanche ( 2013 ) in Australia as an action movie and title it Hit the Road Jack . It would also have been the second remake of the 2011 Icelandic film Either Way .
The Line
In 2014 , it was announced that Green was going to direct Chris Pine in a thriller film titled The Line . According to Variety , the film is about `` a border patrol agent who , after recently losing his wife and child , goes on the run with a boy whose family was recently killed by the cartel . He soon finds out both sides of the law have their sights on him and the boy . '' The script was written by Sang Kyu Kim .
Newsflash
In 2017 , it was announced that Green was to direct Seth Rogen in Newsflash . The film is a dramatization of Walter Cronkite 's news coverage of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Cronkite was to have been portrayed by Rogen . Green left the project in favor of directing Halloween Kills instead .
Friday Night Lights
In 2018 , it was announced that Green was in talks of directing a reboot of Friday Night Lights based on Buzz Bissinger 's Friday Night Lights : A Town , a Team , and a Dream . Green backed out of the project in 2019 due to scheduling conflicts .
References
Green , David Gordon
USS Horace Beals was a barkentine acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War . She was placed into service as a cargo ship assigned to support the fleet blockading the ports of the Confederate States of America . However , at times , Horace Beals was assigned extra tasks , such as that of a hospital ship as well as an ammunition ship .
Service history
Horace Beals was purchased in New York City 14 September 1861 ; and commissioned at New York Navy Yard 5 February 1862 , Lt. Comdr . K. R. Breese in command . Two days later she departed New York City for Key West , Florida , where , upon her arrival 23 February , she became a supply ship for the flotilla of mortar schooners being organized by Comdr . David Dixon Porter . The flotilla sailed from Key West 3 March , arrived Ship Island , Mississippi , and 5 days later crossed the bar at Pass a l'Outre . When , after almost a month of backbreaking labor , David Farragut finally succeeded in getting his heavy deep-sea ships inside the mouth of the Mississippi River on 16 April , he ordered the mortar flotilla to commence operations . Porter 's ships , camouflaged with bushes and tree branches , moved up river to pre-assigned positions below Forts Jackson and St. Philip and opened fire 18 April . During the ensuing 6-day bombardment , Horace Beals kept the mortar schooners supplied with ammunition and provisions , took on board ordnance and other stores , and embarked and cared for sick and wounded from ships of the squadron .
After New Orleans , Louisiana , and the forts protecting her bad surrendered , the mortar flotilla sailed to Mobile Bay , Alabama ; but Farragut then ordered Porter to return to the Mississippi River , where the mortars were needed to engage the enemy 's cliffside batteries at Vicksburg , Mississippi . The Confederates had cleverly placed these guns high on the bluffs of the Chickasaw Hills perfectly safe from the low trajectory cannon mounted on the Union 's salt-water ships . All vessels of Porter 's flotilla were back at New Orleans 9 June . steamed up the Mississippi with Horace Beals and in tow 22 June . On the 26th the cruise upstream was enlivened by a duel with enemy batteries at Ellis Cliffs in which the Northern ships silenced the Confederate guns . The mortars opened fire on the batteries at Vicksburg 26 June and continued the attack while Farragut 's ships ran by the thundering hillside cannon 28 June . They repeated the service when Farragut again ran the gauntlet on his return passage 15 July .
After withdrawing from the Mississippi River with Admiral Farragut , Horace Beals spent the rest of the year supplying ships of the West Gulf Blockading Squadron , operating from Pensacola , Florida , as a base . She was ordered back to New Orleans 22 December and arrived there 1 January 1863 . She arrived below the Confederate batteries at Port Hudson 16 March two days after Farragut 's heavy damage passing the enemy guns at that point . Horace Reals continued to supply ships operating against Vicksburg and Port Hudson until those last Confederate strongholds on the Mississippi were taken . During the remainder of the war this reliable supply ship operated between New York City and stations in the Gulf of Mexico bringing indispensable war material to ships of the West Gulf Blockading Squadron . Shortly after the end of hostilities Horace Beals was sold in New York City to A. Leary 30 May 1865 .
References
Ships of the Union Navy
Barques of the United States Navy
Store ships of the United States Navy
American Civil War auxiliary ships of the United States
1861 ships
Jan Jakub Kolski ( born 29 January 1956 ) is a Polish film director , cinematographer , and writer .
Early life and career
Kolski was born in Wrocław , and comes from a family closely connected to cinema . His father , Roman Kolski , and his sister , Ewa Pakulska were film editors . His brother , Włodzimierz Kolski , is a production manager . His paternal grandfather was a film producer . Kolski 's wife , Grażyna Błęcka-Kolska is an actress . From age eleven until age fourteen , Kolski lived in a small village , Popielawy , near Tomaszów Mazowiecki and Łódź . Those years became the inspiration for his later films . During the late 1970s , he worked his way through the ranks at a TV station in his home town , ending up as chief director of photography . He then studied cinematography at the famous Film School in Łódź , where he now runs a screenplay workshop . In 2007 he gained his doctoral degree in film art . He 's also a lecturer at Andrzej Wajda Master School of Film Directing .
Works
During the 1980s , Kolski made about twenty short films , including Umieranko ( A Little Dying ) ; Najpiękniejsza jaskinia świata ( The Most Beautiful Cave in the World ) ; Mały dekalog ( The Little Ten Commandments ) , Nie zasmucę serca twego ( I Wo n't Make You Sad ) , Jak mnie kochasz ( How Do You Love Me ? ) , Szkoła przetrwania ( The Survival School ) , Pałkiewicz ma rację ( Palkiewicz Is Right ) , Słowiański świt ( The Dawn of the Slavonic Tribes ) , Ładny dzień ( A Nice Day ) , Idź ( Walk ) . The shorts won many awards in Poland . Many of Kolski 's short films documented his passion for mountain climbing and speleology , which earned him a nickname 'The Stuntman of the Polish cinematography ' . More recently , Kolski created three film diaries : Zobaczyc jak najwiecej ( To see everything ) , Gdzie jestes Paititi ? ( Where are you , Paititi ? ) and Między rajem a ziemią ( Between Paradise and Earth ) during his journeys to Asia and South America .
Kolski 's first feature , Pogrzeb kartofla ( The Burial of a Potato ) , was shot in Popielawy in 1990 , and was based on a real story of Kolski 's maternal grandfather , Jakub Szewczyk . In that movie , as well as in his subsequent films , Kolski employed his own vision of the world enriched with magic , and is considered to be the founder of the 'magical realism ' trend in Polish film making . Since then , Kolski has made many more films , most of them located in the same village or mythical countryside . Among those films are : Pograbek ( A Knacker ) ; Magneto ; Jańcio Wodnik ( Johnnie Aquarius aka Johnnie Waterman ) ; Cudowne miejsce ( A Miraculous Place ) ; Grający z talerza ( Playing from the Plate ) ; Szabla od komendanta ( The Commander 's Sword aka Legacy of Steel ) ; and Historia kina w Popielawach ( The History of Cinema in Popielawy ) , which were all based on Kolski 's own script . In 1994 Jańcio Wodnik won the Findling Award at the Filmfestival Cottbus .
Daleko od okna ( Keep Away from the Window ) , made in 2000 , opened a new chapter in Kolski 's filmography . The screenplay by Cezary Harasimowicz was based on a real-life story written by Hanna Krall , famous for writing about the Holocaust . His next work , Pornografia ( Pornography ) was in turn based on the novel with the same title by Witold Gombrowicz . The next two Jasminum and Afonia i pszczoły ( Afonia and Honeybees ) were based on his own original screenplays , whereas Wenecja ( Venice ) , his latest movie , is based on a short story by Włodzimierz Odojewski .
Kolski continued to work with television , and many of his films and other works were made for the medium . He wrote several plays for television , including Bajka o bardzo lekkim chlebie ( A Fable of the Very Light Bread ) , Skrzypki ( The Fiddles ) , Noga dla Józefa ( A Leg for Jozef ) , and Kamera marzen ( The Dream Camera ) , which were primarily addressed to children . Others , such as Wyspa róż ( The Rose Island ) and Diabeł przewrotny ( Again the Devil ) , were Kolski 's adaptations of original plays . Kolski also directed several commercials , video clips , and one television series , Małopole , czyli świat ( Malopole , or the World ) , in which he returns to the life in the countryside .
Kolski 's literary output includes short stories collected in two books – Jańcio Wodnik i inne nowele ( Johnnie Aquarius and Other Stories ) , and Mikroświaty ( Microworlds ) ; a novel , Kulka z chleba ( A Bread Pellet ) ; and a book for children , Jadzia i małoludki ( Jadzia and The Little People ) .
Kolski has won many awards in Poland and abroad . Among his major international successes is the Special Award at The Film Festival in Tokyo in 1995 for his Grający z talerza ( Playing from the Plate ) . In 2000 , he also became a member of the European Film Academy . His 2000 film Keep Away from the Window was entered into the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival .
Filmography
School works
Odrobina bólu ( A Bit of Pain ) ( 1982 ) – Photography
Inauguracja 82 ( Inauguration '82 ) ( 1983 ) – Director , photography
Za górami ( Across the mountains ) ( 1983 ) – Photography
Red Box ( 1984 ) – Collaboration
Umieranko ( A Little Dying ) ( 1984 ) – Director , photography
Shorts
Najpiękniejsza jaskinia świata ( The Most Beautiful Cave in the World ) ( 1983 ) – Director , script , voice-over , photography
Mały dekalog ( The Little Ten Commandments ) ( 1983 ) – Information not available
Nie zasmucę serca twego ( I Wo n't Make You Sad ) ( 1984 ) – Information not available
Jak mnie kochasz ( How Do You Love Me ? ) ( 1985 ) – Information not available
Człowiek z ulicy Zielonej Gęsi ( A Man from the Zielona Ges Street ) ( 1986 ) – Photography
Słowiański świt . Początki Polski w Dzieje kultury polskiej [ WFO ] ( The Dawn of the Slavonic Tribes ) ( 1986 ) – Director , screenplay , photography
Rekwizyty Wiesława Garbolińskiego ( Wieslaw Garbolinski 's Props ) ( 1987 ) – Photography
Trzy tematy Leszka Rózgi ( Three Topics of Leszek Rozga ) ( 1987 ) – Photography
Ładny dzień ( A Nice Day ) ( 1988 ) – Screenplay , director , photography , art director
Pałkiewicz ma rację ( Palkiewicz Is Right ) ( 1988 ) – Director , script , photography
Szkoła przetrwania ( The Survival School ) ( 1988 ) – Director , script , photography
Idź ( Walk ) ( 1989 ) – Photography
Piosenki polne i okoliczne ( Songs from the Fields and Near-bys ) ( 1996 ) – Director , script
Videoclips for songs from ojDADAna , a music album by Grzegorz Ciechowski
Zobaczyć jak najwięcej ( To See Everything ) ( 2001 ) – Director , script , photography
Gdzie jesteś Paitii ? ( Where Are You , Paititi ? ) ( 2002 ) – Director , script , photography
Między rajem a ziemią ( Between the Paradise and Earth )
Features
Pogrzeb kartofla ( The Burial of a Potato ) ( 1990 ) imdb
Pograbek ( A Knacker ) ( 1992 ) imdb
Magneto ( 1993 ) imdb
Jańcio Wodnik ( Johnnie Aquarius aka Johnnie Waterman ) ( 1993 ) imdb
Cudowne miejsce ( A Miraculous Place ) ( 1994 ) imdb
Grający z talerza ( Playing from the Plate ) ( 1995 ) imdb
Szabla od komendanta ( The Commander 's Sword aka Legacy of Steel ) ( 1995 ) imdb
Historia kina w Popielawach ( The History of Cinema in Popielawy ) ( 1998 ) imdb
Daleko od okna ( Keep Away From The Window ) ( 2000 )
Małopole czyli świat ( Malopole , Or The World ) 2000 – 2001 TV series
Pornografia ( Pornography ) ( 2002 ) imdb
Jaśminum ( Jasminum ) ( 2006 ) imdb
Afonia i pszczoly ( Afonia and Honeybees ) ( 2009 )
Wenecja ( Venice ) ( 2010 )
Television theatre plays
Diabeł przewrotny ( Again the Devil ) ( 1997 ) – Adaptation and director
Bajka o bardzo lekkim chlebie ( A Fable of the Very Light Bread ) ( 1997 ) – Screenplay and director
Noga dla Józefa ( A Leg for Jozef ) ( 1997 ) – Screenplay
Wyspa róż ( The Rose Island ) ( 1998 ) – Director
Skrzypki ( The Fiddles ) ( 1999 ) – Screenplay and director
Kamera marzeń ( The Dream Camera ) ( 2001 ) – Screenplay and director
References
External links
Jan Jakub Kolski at the Internetowa Baza Filmu Polskiego ( pl )
1956 births
Living people
Film people from Wrocław
Łódź Film School alumni
Polish cinematographers
Polish film directors
Polish screenwriters
Polish television writers
Male television writers
The play-offs of the 2017 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition involve the four runners-up with the best records among all nine groups in the qualifying group stage : Austria , Norway , Serbia , and Spain . The draw for the play-offs was held on 14 October 2016 .
The play-offs are played in home-and-away two-legged format . The two play-off winners qualify for the final tournament .
Ranking of second-placed teams
To determine the four best second-placed teams from the qualifying group stage which advance to the play-offs , only the results of the second-placed teams against the first , third , fourth and fifth-placed teams in their group are taken into account , while results against the sixth-placed team ( for groups with six teams ) are not included . As a result , eight matches played by each second-placed team will count for the purposes of determining the ranking .
Matches
All times are CET ( UTC+1 ) .
| }
Serbia qualified for the final tournament .
Spain qualified for the final tournament .
References
External links
Fixtures at UEFA.com
Play-offs
UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification play-offs
Saint Anthony of Padua is a 1580 oil on canvas painting by El Greco , now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid .
It shows Anthony of Padua with his standard attributes of a lily , an open book and an image of the Christ Child . The cloudy background shows the heavy influence of Michelangelo on the young artist , whilst the fast brushstrokes show that of Titian and Tintoretto . On the edge of the book is the artist 's signature `` IN MANO DI DOMENICO '' in maiuscule Greek characters .
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA , José , El Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
References
External links
Paintings by El Greco in the Museo del Prado
1580 paintings
Route 42 is a highway in central Missouri . Its eastern terminus is at Route 28 south of Belle ; its western terminus is at U.S. Route 54 in Osage Beach .
Route Description
Route 42 begins at the interchange of US 54 in Osage Beach . It intersects at the terminus of Route 134 which allows access to the Lake of the Ozarks State Park . It passes through Brumley and Iberia where it intersects with Route 17 . Route 42 has a brief concurrency with Route 133 . Route 42 passes through Vienna where it intersects with US 63 . Route 42 ends at Route 28 south of Belle .
Major intersections
References
042
Transportation in Miller County , Missouri
Transportation in Maries County , Missouri
Sangram Shah was a king of the Garha Kingdom of Gondwana , in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India . Sangram Shah , who belonged to the Gond Dynasty in central India , was the 48th and most well known ruler of the dynasty , and during his reign he had conquered 52 forts to strengthen his kingdom . The Chouragarh Fort in Narsinghpur was built in his honour for conquering 52 forts .
His eldest son , Dalpat Shah , married Rani Durgavati .
Early life
Sangram Shah was born as Aman Das , elder son of the king of Garha-Mandla .
Abul Fazl tells a tale as follows- He was born as Aman Das , elder son of the king of Garha-Mandla . He was later awarded the title of Sangram Shah by Sultan Bahadur Shah of Gujarat , for helping him in conquering Raisen . Sangram Shah had been a self-indulging youth , whom his father had locked up to save him from himself . However , Sangram Shah managed to escape and enlisted himself in the service of Birsingh Deo , the Baghela raja of Rewa , who adopted him . While Birsingh Deo was away in Delhi serving Sikandar Lodi , Sangram Shah heard that his father was planning to place his younger brother on the throne . He went to his mother 's palace stealthily , killed his father and declared himself king . Birsingh Deo of Rewa was horrified and invaded Garha to punish him . Sangram Shah was in no condition to fight against the Baghela forces ; hence he pleaded that he had already lost a father and did not want to lose another , somehow convincing the Baghela raja of the sincerity of his repentance . Abul Fazl says- `` Aman Das wept continually and expressed his abhorrence of himself for his evil action . ''
Reign
After Birsingh Deo left Sangram Shah to himself , he started his conquest at the beginning of the 1500s . He was a brave and mighty king and won many battles during his time . Garha-Mandla , which had been a petty chiefdom till this point , was massively expanded by him to include 70,000 villages and 52 forts . He moved his capital from Garha to the new town of Chauragarh . He soon bordered a small Rajput kingdom called Mahoba , ruled by a king of a minor branch of the Chandela dynasty , Keerat Rai . They conducted a marriage between Sangram Shah 's son Dalpat and Keerat Rai 's daughter Durgavati , which could be a political alliance . Many tales say that Keerat Rai was not willing to marry his beautiful and skilled daughter to a Gond man ( Dalpat Shah ) , but the alliance helped him negotiate the invasion of Sher Shah Suri successfully . Sangram Shah was best known as a patron of arts and literature and he had great knowledge of Sanskrit . `` Rasratnamala '' was written by him . While touring Central India , Bhanudatta , author of the Rasamanjari , attended the court of Sangram Shah and sang his praises .
Succession
Sangram Shah was succeeded by his son Dalpat Shah , who would be in turn succeeded by his widow Durgavati after a short reign . Rani Durgavati would further increase Garha 's prestige , but would not embark on an aggressive conquest like Sangram Shah , instead opting to remain on the defense in case of any conflict . He also had another son named Chandra Shah , half-brother of Dalpat Shah , to whom the kingdom was restored after 25 years of Mughal rule and was recognized as the successor of Rani Durgavati by Akbar .
References
1500 births
1542 deaths
16th-century Indian monarchs
History of Madhya Pradesh
Regents of India
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
People from Narsinghpur district
Latin American Bible Institute , California ( LABI ) is a private coed Bible college in the Avocado Heights district of La Puente , California . It was founded in 1926 . In 1950 the institute moved to its current location in La Puente .
The institute was granted an exception to Title IX in 2016 which allows it to legally discriminate against LGBT students for religious reasons . It is ranked among the `` Absolute Worst Campuses for LGBTQ Youth '' by Campus Pride .
References
External links
Bible colleges
Assemblies of God seminaries and theological colleges
Avocado Heights , California
La Puente , California
Pentecostalism in California
1926 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1926
Kenyan–Swiss relations are bilateral relations between Kenya and Switzerland .
History
Switzerland recognised an independent Kenya in 1963 and diplomatic relations were established in 1964 , which is when Switzerland opened its Nairobi Embassy .
Presently , relations between both countries are cordial .
Development cooperation
The Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation ( SDC ) office for the Horn of Africa is based in Nairobi .
For the 2013–2016 Cooperation Strategy for the Horn of Africa , the SDC has set aside KES . 14.44 billion ( CHF . 140 million )
Key areas for Kenya and Swiss cooperation are :
Humanitarian aid
Food security/Environmental protection
Economic relations
In 2013 , Kenya was Switzerland 's 5th largest trade partner in Sub-Saharan Africa .
Total trade during that year was KES . 11.1 billion ( CHF . 108 million ) .
Many Swiss nationals visit Kenya yearly . As of 2013 , 937 Swiss nationals reside in Kenya .
Kenya 's main exports to Switzerland include : flowers , tea and coffee .
Switzerland 's main exports to Kenya include : pharmaceuticals and chemical products .
Resident diplomatic missions
Kenya has an embassy in Bern .
Switzerland has an embassy in Nairobi .
See also
Foreign relations of Kenya
Foreign relations of Switzerland
References
External links
Permanent Mission of the Republic of Kenya | UN Office Geneva
Embassy of Switzerland | Kenya
Swiss Club Kenya
Switzerland
Bilateral relations of Switzerland
Éveil sportif Sainte-Marie de la Guillotière de Lyon or Éveil Lyon was a French basketball club that was based in Lyon . The club 's name was commonly abbreviated to ESSMG Lyon . The club is now dissolved .
History
The club , affiliated to the parish patronage of France 's Gymnastics and Sports Sponsorships Federation , and then to the Sports Federation of France , is best known for its good performance in the top-tier level basketball championship of France , in the decade of 1940s . The club included several renowned players , including Robert Busnel and André Buffière .
The club was formed in 1946 , following the demise of FC Grenoble ( French champion in 1943 and 1944 ) , and the move of most of its staff to ESSMG Lyon . Robert Busnel led the club to win the championship title in France , against Championnet , which was led by Henri Lesmayoux ; in the French championship finals , on May 25 , 1946 , at the Palais des sports . Éveil sportif also played in the league 's finals in 1947 , where they lost to Paris Université ( PUC ) . The departure of Robert Busnel for Marseille the next season , marked the end of the ambitions of the club , which then merged with Association sportive de Villeurbanne in 1948 , to found ASVEL .
Honours
French League
Winners ( 1 ) : 1945–46
Notable players
Robert Busnel
André Buffière
References
Basketball teams in France
Sport in Lyon
Ad providam was the name of a Papal Bull issued by Pope Clement V in 1312 . It built on a previous bull , Vox in excelso , which had disbanded the order of the Knights Templar . Ad providam essentially handed over all Templar assets to the Hospitallers ( modern-day Sovereign Military Order of Malta ) , with the exception of some resources which were left to provide pensions to some Templars who had escaped execution and converted to a monastic life .
See also
List of papal bulls
References
1312 works
14th-century papal bulls
Documents of Pope Clement V
Knights Templar
Latin texts
The Capture of Baghdad occurred on 14 January 1624 , which was part of the ongoing war between Shah Abbas I against Sultan Murad IV .
See also
Treaty of Nasuh Pasha
Treaty of Serav
List of conflicts in the Middle East
References
Ghafouri Ali History of the Iran 's battles , from the Medes up to today 2009 .
Asadollah Matoufi 4000 years history of Iran army , Persian title : Tārīkh-i chahār hazār sālah-i artish-i Īrān 2003 .
Ottoman–Persian Wars
Military history of Baghdad
Conflicts in 1624
Early Modern history of Iraq
1624 in Asia
17th century in Iran
1624 in the Ottoman Empire
Ottoman history of Baghdad
Wars involving Safavid Iran
Buck Swamp is a township in northwestern Wayne County , North Carolina , United States near the city of Goldsboro and the town of Pikeville .
Education
The school system for Buck Swamp is operated by Wayne County Public Schools . The township contains Northwest Elementary School ( K-5 ) . Norwayne Middle School ( 6-8 ) , is located in the nearby town of Fremont , and Charles B. Aycock High School ( 9-12 ) is located in the nearby town of Pikeville
Community
The community contains three volunteer fire departments , Little River , Nahunta , and Pikeville-Pleasant Grove . Several churches of various denominations are contained within Buck Swamp , including Pleasant Grove Original Free Will Baptist Church , Pikeville Church , Pike 's Crossroads Pentecostal Holiness Church , and several other churches . There are various recreational activities to be enjoyed within Buck Swamp , including youth baseball at the Eastern Carolina Athletic Park ( ECAP ) , kayaking along the Little River , and fishing in the many creeks , swamps , and ponds .
Industry
Businesses included in this township include Nahunta Pork Center , Benton and Son 's Fabricators , a Bayer Cropscience Breeding and Trait Development Facility , and a Dollar General .
Location
The township is bordered by the Pikeville Township , which includes the Town of Pikeville , to the east and the Boon Hill Township , which includes the Town of Princeton , to the west . Other neighboring Townships include Fork Township , which includes the community of Rosewood , to the south , Stony Creek Township to the southeast , and the Great Swamp Township to the North . The southern border of the Buck Swamp Township follows the route of the Little River .
Transportation
Passenger
Air : Raleigh-Durham International Airport is the closest major airport with service to more than 45 domestic and international destinations . Wayne Executive Jetport is an airport located nearby , but is only used for general aviation .
Interstate Highway : I-795 runs through the Buck Swamp township for approximately 3.5 miles .
Buck Swamp is not served directly by passenger trains . The closest Amtrak station is located in Selma .
Bus : The area is served by Greyhound with a location in nearby Goldsboro .
Roads
The main highways in Buck Swamp are I-795 and NC 581 . Other major roads near Buck Swamp include US 117 to the east and US 70 to the south .
References
Towns in North Carolina
Skyline Whispers is the second studio album by Swedish classic rock/AOR band The Night Flight Orchestra , released on 9 June 2015 via Coroner Records .
Track listing
Credits
Personnel
The Night Flight Orchestra
Björn `` Speed '' Strid – vocals
David Andersson – guitar
Sharlee D'Angelo – bass
Richard Larsson – keyboards
Jonas Källsbäck – drums
Sebastian Forslund – congas , percussion , guitar
Production
Bengan Andersson – engineering
Sebastian Forslund – mixing
Thomas `` PLEC '' Johansson – mastering
Notes
Recorded at Nordic Sound Lab Studios in Skara , Sweden .
Mastered at Panic Room Studios in Skara , Sweden .
References
2015 albums
The Night Flight Orchestra albums
Fio is an Eastern Beboid language of Cameroon .
References
See also
List of endangered languages in Africa
Beboid languages
Languages of Cameroon
The European Permian Basin is a thick sequence of sedimentary rocks deposited in a large sedimentary basin during the Permian period ( from 298.9 to 251.902 million years ago ) in Northern Europe . The basin underlies northern Poland , northern Germany , Denmark , the Netherlands , a significant portion of the North Sea to the east coast of England and up to Scotland .
A major natural gas discovery was made in the Rotliegend Formation at Slochteren , Netherlands in 1959 . The Rotliegend is the lower portion of the Permian sequence and consists of over of sandstones and evaporites . It is overlain by thick sequence of evaporites known as the Zechstein Formation .
See also
Permian Basin ( North America )
References
Permian Europe
Petroleum geology
Sedimentary basins of Europe
Stratigraphy of Europe
Allie Bethany Clifton ( born January 30 , 1988 ) is a sports journalist and former college basketball player who is currently the TV pregame host for Los Angeles Lakers telecasts on Spectrum SportsNet , after previously serving as Cleveland Cavaliers sideline reporter for Fox Sports Ohio .
Biography
Allie Bethany Clifton was born January 30 , 1988 . A native of Van Wert , Ohio , Clifton played college basketball for the Toledo Rockets women 's basketball team from 2006–2010 . After college , Clifton began her broadcasting career in Toledo as a sports reporter for ABC affiliate WTVG channel 13 before joining the Cavaliers broadcast team in 2012 .
In 2017 , Clifton began co-hosting the podcast Road Trippin ' alongside Cavs players Richard Jefferson and Channing Frye . Many of the podcast 's first shows featured Cavs players and were recorded while the team was on road trips .
In summer 2018 , Clifton announced she was leaving Fox Sports Ohio and the Cavaliers to take a job hosting the pregame show on Spectrum SportsNet for Los Angeles Lakers telecasts , coinciding with LeBron James leaving the Cavaliers to sign with the Lakers .
Awards and honors
In 2018 , Clifton won a pair of Lower Great Lakes Emmy Awards as a member of the Cavaliers broadcast team .
References
1988 births
Living people
Basketball announcers
Cleveland Cavaliers announcers
People from Van Wert , Ohio
Toledo Rockets women 's basketball
Los Angeles Lakers announcers
Paddock Wood railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line and Medway Valley Line in south-east England , serving the town of Paddock Wood , Kent . The station also serves the villages of Matfield , Brenchley and Horsmonden , which have do not have stations of their own . It is down the line from London Charing Cross . The station and all trains calling there are operated by Southeastern .
History
The South Eastern Railway opened a line from Redhill to Ashford and on to Dover during 1842 . This bypassed the county town of Maidstone , and a station named Maidstone Road was opened in a rural location on 31 August 1842 to serve the town , to the north . The village of Paddock Wood developed quickly around the station , which took the name Paddock Wood on 25 September 1844 when the branch line to Maidstone West was opened . Another branch line—the Hawkhurst Branch—to the village of Hawkhurst existed between 1892 and 1961 .
In popular culture
Paddock Wood Railway station appears in the novel Dombey and Son by Charles Dickens where , in chapter 55 , the villain , Mr Carker , accidentally falls under a train at the station and is killed .
Platforms
The station has Up and Down platforms ( 1 and 2 respectively ) with a pair of fast lines between them . On the Downside , a bay platform ( platform 3 ) is used for the Medway Valley Line services to Maidstone and beyond . A matching bay platform existed on the Upside when the Hawkhurst branch was in operation . The main station building is on the Up platform ; there are long canopies on both platforms . Transfer between platforms is by footbridge .
Services
All services at Paddock Wood are operated by Southeastern using EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
2 tph to London Charing Cross
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
1 tph to via
1 tph to only
During the peak hours , there are also services to London Cannon Street and .
Accidents
At 03:40 hrs on 5 May 1919 , a goods train from Bricklayers Arms to Margate overran signals and ran into the back of another goods train just to the west of Paddock Wood station . The Margate train was hauled by C class No . 721 . It had 50 goods vehicles including three brake vans . The other train was hauled by C class No . 61 . The fireman of this train was killed in the accident . Although the main cause of the accident was the driver of the Margate train failing to obey signals , the signalman at Tonbridge East signal box was also censured for failure to give the driver adequate warning that although the train had been accepted by the signalman at Paddock Wood , the line was not fully clear at the junction . The signalman at Paddock Wood had accepted the train under Regulation No 5 - `` Section clear but station or junction blocked '' .
On 16 March 1949 , `` Schools '' Class locomotive 30932 Blundells was derailed at the station .
At 02:02 on 8 December 1961 , a goods train was setting back at Paddock Wood station when the 00:20 goods from Hoo Junction to , hauled by D6506 , overran signals and collided with it . The wreckage from the accident piled up under the bridge carrying the B2160 Maidstone Road . The line was blocked for 12 hours .
Bus connections
Routes 6 , 6A , 203 , 205 and 296 are available from stops near the station .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Tonbridge Line Commuters - Paddock Wood
Paddock Wood station on navigable 1940 OS map
Railway stations in Kent
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
Paddock Wood
The 1980 Wightman Cup was the 52nd edition of the annual women 's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain . It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England in the United Kingdom . The cup was memorable for the last minute replacement of world no.1 Tracy Austin with Andrea Jaeger who had to fly from Japan to London at very short notice and arrived only hours before her first match , which she won . The BBC chose Chris Evert 's victory over Virginia Wade as one of its `` 100 Greatest Sporting Moments '' in recognition of Evert 's final set recovery from being 1-5 , 0-40 down on Wade 's serve . Wade 's victory would have squared the match at 3-3 , whereas in fact , Evert 's recovery secured the cup 4-2 with only the final doubles left to play .
References
1980
1980 in tennis
1980 in women 's tennis
1980 in American tennis
1980 in English women 's sport
1980 sports events in London
1980 in English tennis
Supinfocom ( école SUPérieure d'INFOrmatique de COMmunication , roughly University of Communication Science ) is a computer graphics university with campuses in Valenciennes , Arles ( France ) and Pune ( India ) .
History
Founded in 1988 in Valenciennes , the school offers a five-year course leading to a diploma of digital direction ( certified Level I ) . A second campus in Arles opened in 2000 , while a third one opened in 2008 in Pune , India .
In November 2007 , the school was ranked # 1 worldwide by the American magazine `` 3D World '' with criteria such as the distribution of student films and prizes in festivals around the world .
Curriculum
The curriculum includes :
Two years of preparatory courses ( design and applied art , perspective , film analysis , video , color , 2D animation , art history , sculpture , communication , English ) ;
Three years of specialization in computer graphics ( 3D software , screenplay , storyboards , animation , compositing , 3D production , sound , editing ) .
The final year of study is devoted to the team-based production of a short film in CG .
Until the class of 2007 entered , there were only two years of specialization courses ; there are now three .
See also
: Category : Supinfocom alumni
External links
Official site of Supinfocom Valenciennes
Official site of DSK Supinfocom Pune
Art schools in France
Engineering universities and colleges in France
Animation schools in France
Animation schools in India
Engineering colleges in Pune
Digital media education
3D computer graphics
Education in Valenciennes
Universities in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Buildings and structures in Arles
Universities in Hauts-de-France
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in France
2008 establishments in Maharashtra
Krowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Siedliszcze , west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Burslem railway station was a station on the Potteries Loop Line that served the town of Burslem , Staffordshire . It was located on Moorland Road , adjacent to Burslem Park . It should have opened with the extension of the Potteries Loop Line from Hanley on 1 November 1873 but the Board of Trade inspector was not satisfied so there was a delay of a month before opening .
The station closed in 1964 when the Loop Line closed . Most traces of the station have been removed although the old stationmaster 's house , known as Station House , is still occupied on a site between the old line and Burslem Park on Moorland Road . The site of the station , sidings etc. , is now part of a Greenway for walkers and cyclists running along part of the route of the old Loop Line which has been landscaped .
References
Disused railway stations in Stoke-on-Trent
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1873
Former North Staffordshire Railway stations
Beeching closures in England
Dashiin Tserendagva ( ; unknown – unknown ) was a Mongolian chess player , three-times Mongolian Chess Championship winner ( 1953 , 1954 , 1957 ) .
Biography
In the 1950s Dashiin Tserendagva was one of Mongolian leading chess players . He was the first multiple chess champion of the country when he won Mongolian Chess Championship in 1953 , 1954 , and 1957 .
Dashiin Tserendagva played for Mongolia in the Chess Olympiad :
In 1956 , at first reserve board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow ( +3 , =1 , -2 ) .
References
External links
Dashiin Tserendagva chess games at 365chess.com
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Mongolian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Matveyevskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 28 as of 2002 .
Geography
Matveyevskaya is located 15 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Afanasyevskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Coptotermes elisae , the Papuan plantation termite , is a species of termite in the family Rhinotermitidae . It is native to New Guinea , Indonesia , and Southeast Asia , where it attacks and kills living trees and damages structural timbers .
Description
Termites are social insects with a caste system , and individuals are either workers , soldiers , or reproductives . A C. elisae worker measures between in length and has a rounded head with large eyes . The pronotum is broad and both it and the head are densely hairy . The antennae have 20 to 22 flagellomeres ( segments ) . A soldier is rather larger than a worker and has a rounded head and large incurved mandibles . Its antennae usually have 16 flagellomeres . The fontanelle , a pore gland on the forehead which secretes a milky fluid , can easily be seen from above . The pronotum is long with about 70 setae ( bristles ) , mostly near the margins , and the mesothorax , metathorax , and abdomen are also densely bristly . These features help distinguish this species from other termites found in the same region .
Distribution and habitat
C. elisae is native to the forests of New Guinea , where it is widely distributed , and is also found in New Ireland . Since it has been determined that C. curvignathus is a synonym of C. elisae , its range has been extended northwards through Indonesia and the Philippines to the Malay Peninsula , Thailand , Cambodia , and Vietnam .
Ecology
C. elisae primarily attacks both young and old evergreen trees in the genus Araucaria , the klinkii ( A. klinkii ) and the hoop pine ( A. cunninghamii ) , but is also known to attack other hosts such as the taun tree ( Pometia pinnata ) , Hopea trees , the papaya ( Carica papaya ) , and the mango ( Mangifera indica ) A parasitic fungus , Antennopsis gayi , is sometimes found growing on the body of C. elisiae and the rove beetle Coptophysa obesa is sometimes found living inside the termite colony .
Damage
C. elisae is considered to be an extremely severe pest . The termites enter a tree through an injury to the bark and tunnel into the interior , where they eat the wood and often cause the death of the host . In plantations of hoop pine , groups of up to 20 trees may be infected and die , attacked by termites foraging from one central nest via tunnels to neighbouring trees . Trees older than 21 years seem less prone to attack . In Malaysia , C. elisae has made the establishment of plantations of certain exotic tree species very difficult , attacking every tree in some new plantations of Pinus and Araucaria . Control may be attempted by excavating the nest and removing the queen reproductive , or in new plantations , by the use of explosives .
References
Termites
Insects described in 1905
Arthropods of New Guinea
The 1991 tournament championship game was played at the Carrier Dome in front of 8,293 fans .
Tournament overview
North Carolina completed a perfect 16 and 0 season by defeating Towson 18-13 , to win the NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship , the fourth overall for the Tar Heels .
Towson , coached by Carl Runk , became the first unseeded team to reach the NCAA Division I lacrosse finals . Towson got as close as 12 to 11 at the start of the 4th quarter , after scoring 5 straight goals . But Carolina controlled the remainder of the game in winning the national title for the first time since 1986 .
Tournament results
* = Overtime
Tournament boxscores
Tournament FinalsMay 27 , 1991
Tournament Semi-finals
Tournament Quarterfinals
Tournament notes
Syracuse sets a new tournament record scoring 28 goals in their first round victory over Michigan State .
References
External links
http : //www.ncaasports.com/lacrosse/mens/history/divi
1991 NCAA Men 's Lacrosse National Championship YouTube
NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Edward Boscawen Frederick , 9th Baronet , ( 29 June 1880 – 26 October 1956 ) was a British Army officer , first-class cricketer and courtier .
Early life and education
Frederick was born at Loppington Hall , Shropshire . He was the second son of Sir Charles Frederick , 7th baronet , and grandson of General Edward Frederick . He was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
Career
From Sandhurst , Frederick was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Royal Fusiliers on 11 February 1899 . He fought with the 2nd battalion in the Second Boer War and was present at the battles of Colenso ( December 1899 ) and the Tugela Heights ( February 1900 ) , leading to the Relief of Ladysmith ( 1 March 1900 ) , following which he was promoted to lieutenant on 16 March 1900 . Serving in the Transvaal in 1900 , he stayed in South Africa throughout the war which ended with the Peace of Vereeniging in June 1902 . Four months later he left Cape Town on the SS Salamis with other officers and men of the battalion , arriving at Southampton in late October , when the battalion was posted to Aldershot .
He returned to Sandhurst as an instructor from 1912 to 1914 , but returned to active duty at the beginning of the First World War . He was severely wounded and placed on the retired list in 1919 .
In 1925 , he was appointed an Exon in the King 's Bodyguard of the Yeomen of the Guard . He served as Ensign from 1937 until his retirement in 1950 . He succeeded to the baronetcy in 1938 upon on the death of his brother , Charles Edward St John Frederick . During the Second World War , he commanded a battalion of the Home Guard .
Frederick was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO ) in the 1944 New Year Honours .
Cricket
Frederick played first-class cricket from 1903 to 1907 . He was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow .
Frederick made his first-class debut for Hampshire against Leicestershire during the 1903 County Championship . From 1903 to 1905 Frederick represented Hampshire in five County Championship matches , with his final first-class match for Hampshire coming against Yorkshire . In his five matches for the club , Frederick took 9 wickets at a bowling average of 36.77 , with best figures of 3-41 .
In 1907 , Frederick represented the Europeans ( India ) , making his debut against the Parsees in the final of the Bombay tournament . This was Frederick 's final first-class match , during which he claimed a single wicket .
Family
In 1913 , Frederick married Edith Katherine Cortlandt , daughter of Colonel William Hutchinson Mulloy . They had two sons and a daughter . The younger son , Lieutenant John Christopher Frederick , was killed in action during the Second World War in 1943 in Tunisia . His surviving son , Major Charles Boscawen Frederick , inherited the baronetcy .
Frederick 's uncle John Frederick played first-class cricket for Oxford University , Hampshire , Middlesex and the Marylebone Cricket Club .
References
External links
Edward Frederick at Cricinfo
Edward Frederick at CricketArchive
1880 births
1956 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
People educated at Eton College
Graduates of the Royal Military College , Sandhurst
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army personnel of World War I
Officers of the Yeomen of the Guard
Sportspeople from Shropshire
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Europeans cricketers
Royal Fusiliers officers
Military personnel from Shropshire
Angel Heart is the ninth album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler released in 1992 . It is the second of three albums Tyler released with Hansa Records , succeeding Bitterblue and preceding Silhouette in Red , achieving European success and spawning two hits , `` Fools Lullaby '' and `` Call Me '' .
The majority of tracks were written by Tyler 's producer , Dieter Bohlen . Tyler duetted with Frankie Miller on `` Save Your Love '' , the first time Tyler has duetted with Miller since 1983 on her album Faster Than the Speed of Night .
Critical reception
Charlotte Dillon of AllMusic described Angel Heart as `` album to add to any rock collection '' featuring `` a pleasing mixture of ballads and upbeat pop '' .
Track list
Notes
signifies a pseudonym for Dieter Bohlen .
signifies an additional producer .
credited for music only .
credited for lyrics only .
Personnel
Bonnie Tyler – vocals
Graham Broad – drums
Alan Darby – guitar
Ed Poole – bass
Vladimir Asriev – violin
Terry Devine-King – keyboards , programming
Elisha – background vocals
Charts
Certifications
References
1992 albums
Bonnie Tyler albums
Softdisk was a software and Internet company based in Shreveport , Louisiana . Founded in 1981 , its original products were disk magazines ( which they termed `` magazettes '' , for `` magazine on diskette '' ) . It was affiliated and partly owned by paper magazine Softalk at founding , but survived its demise .
Games
Released
Big Blue compilations
References
Softdisk
Kate Eaves ( born 6 May 1968 ) is a former Welsh rugby union player . She represented at the 1991 and 1994 Rugby World Cup 's .
Biography
Eaves began playing for the Wasps Ladies in 1988 and captained them between 1988 and 1991 . In 1993 she scored two tries in a test match against and helped her side win 23–0 . At the 1994 World Cup , Eaves scored a brace of tries against in the pool stages to help her side make a comeback from an 8–6 half-time deficit to win 29–8 .
References
Living people
1968 births
Welsh female rugby union players
Wales international rugby union players
Robert Mitchell was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Otago , New Zealand .
In 1864 , Mitchell was chosen as one of the wardens for the Hawkesbury district . In 1865 , Mitchell was one of the promoters of an Agricultural and Pastoral Association for the Waikouaiti district , covering the same area as the electorate .
He represented the Waikouaiti electorate from the to 1869 when he resigned .
References
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Year of death missing
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
Year of birth missing
19th-century New Zealand politicians
People from Waikouaiti
Agnese Gustmane ( née Blumberga , born 9 April 1971 ) is a retired professional tennis player who represented the Soviet Union and Latvia .
On 6 May 1991 , Gustmane reached her best singles ranking of world number 155 . On 17 September 1990 , she peaked at world number 133 in the doubles rankings .
Playing for Latvia at the Fed Cup , Gustmane has accumulated a win–loss record of 17–12 .
ITF finals
Singles ( 2–2 )
Doubles ( 8–4 )
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Latvian female tennis players
Tennis players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Latvia
Latvian sportspeople
Soviet female tennis players
Villalba Arriba is a barrio in the municipality of Villalba , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 5,938 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Villalba Arriba barrio was 2,917 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Villalba Abrriba barrio :
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Villalba , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Villalba , Puerto Rico
Comatrana is a town in Ica Province , Peru , located 3 kilometres from Ica . Landmarks of note include the San José de Madres Carmelitas Descalzas Monastery and the Comatrana Temple .
Barrios
Comatrana is divided administratively into the following barrios :
Alto Comatrana
Los Juárez
La Victoria
Los Nascas
El Huarango
El Espino
Populated places in the Ica Region
Russell Haviland Tandy ( 1891 – 1963 ) was an American illustrator , best known for his cover art for early editions of the Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys series .
Life and career
Tandy was a friend of Edward Stratemeyer , whose Stratemeyer Syndicate created several series of books for young readers . When Stratemeyer approached Grosset & Dunlap with his concept for Nancy Drew in 1930 , he submitted dust jacket art by both Tandy and Ernest Townsend for the publishing house 's consideration . They selected Tandy , who from 1930 until 1949 illustrated the first twenty-six books in the series ( except the eleventh title ) , contributing both cover and internal artwork . Tandy was responsible for illustrating several Hardy Boys titles and two volumes in the Beverly Gray series , as well as other series featuring characters written for young readers .
In addition to his work for children 's literature , Tandy worked for department stores as a fashion illustrator . He and his wife resided in Westfield , New Jersey , where they had children . He married his second wife Irene and moved to Florida in retirement .
References
External links
The History of Nancy Drew
American artists
1891 births
1963 deaths
Fernanda Pinheiro Monteiro Torres ( born 15 September 1965 ) is a Brazilian film , stage and television actress and writer . She was born in Rio de Janeiro , the daughter of the Oscar-nominated actress Fernanda Montenegro and the actor Fernando Torres .
In May 1986 , she received the Best Actress Award at Cannes Festival for Eu Sei Que Vou Te Amar at the age of 20 .
She is married to movie producer and director Andrucha Waddington , who directed her and her mother in the 2005 film The House of Sand . They have two sons together , Joaquim ( b . 2000 ) and Antônio ( born on April 10 , 2008 ) . She is also the stepmother of João ( b . 1993 ) and Pedro ( b . 1995 ) .
In 2003 , she wrote her first script ( O Redentor , 2004 ) , with the assistance of her brother , cinematographer Cláudio Torres .
Selected filmography
Inocência ( 1983 )
A Marvada Carne ( 1985 )
Com Licença , Eu Vou à Luta ( 1986 )
Eu Sei Que Vou Te Amar ( 1986 )
A Mulher do Próximo ( 1988 )
Kuarup ( 1989 )
Beijo 2348/72 ( 1990 )
One Man 's War ( 1991 )
Capitalismo Selvagem ( 1993 )
Foreign Land ( 1996 )
O Judeu ( 1996 )
Four Days in September ( 1997 )
Traição ( 1998 )
Gêmeas ( 1999 )
Os Normais ( 2003 )
Redentor ( 2004 )
The House of Sand ( 2005 )
Saneamento Básico ( 2007 )
A Mulher Invisível ( 2009 )
Os Normais 2 , A Noite Mais Maluca De Todas ( 2009 )
Books
2013 – Fim ( The End )
2017 – A Glória e seu Cortejo de Horrores
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Brazilian actresses
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian columnists
Actresses from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Women columnists
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress winners
The World According to Bush ( ) is a 2004 French documentary , co-written and directed by William Karel based on the book by Éric Laurent , about the presidency of George W. Bush and the history of the Bush family , including his grandfather Prescott Bush , who was on the board of German-owned companies during the Nazi period . The film examines and interviews Bush supporters , including the Christian right , neo-conservatives , and businesspeople , as well as Bush critics and shows televised statements made by Bush and his supporters , including Jerry Falwell . It was nominated for the Best Documentary Award at the European Film Awards and was to have been an Official Selection for the 2004 Cannes Film Festival but was rejected following the selection of Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 .
The film features interviews with ( in order of appearance ) :
Michael Ledeen
David Frum
Jim Hoagland , Washington Post
Stanley Hoffmann , Harvard University
Jerry Falwell
James Robison
Ed McAteer
Arnaud de Borchgrave , Washington Post
Robert David Steele , Central Intelligence Agency
James Woolsey
Richard Perle
Robert Baer , Central Intelligence Agency
Antony Blinken
David Corn , The Nation
Hans Blix
Sam Gwynne , Texas Monthly
Colin Powell
Joseph Wilson
Charles Lewis ( journalist ) , Center for Public Integrity
Viet Dinh
Norman Mailer
Frank Carlucci , Carlyle Group
Laurent Murawiec , former analyst at Rand Corporation
David Kay
References
External links
The World According to Bush on CBC
The World According to Bush on Flach Film
2004 films
Documentary films about American politicians
Films about George W. Bush
Cultural depictions of George W. Bush
French documentary films
2004 documentary films
Films directed by William Karel
2000s American films
2000s French films
Mukhtar Dzhakishev ( , Mūhtar Jäkışev ) is a notable Kazakh businessman and the former head of Kazatomprom .
Dzhakishev graduated from the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute in 1986 , majoring in the Physics of Solid Bodies . He remained there until 1990 to complete post-graduate work . From 1992 to 1997 he served as the head of Butya , then as the head of Alautransgaz from 1997 to 1998 . He became the head of Kazakhstan 's National Atomic Company ( Kazatomprom ) , the position he held until 2001 , when he became the Deputy Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources . In 2002 he once again became the head of Kazatomprom .
In late May 2009 , he was removed from his position and arrested on charges of embezzling funds from the country 's uranium industry . According to the country 's National Security Committee , Dzhakishev allegedly appropriated 60 % of Kazakhstan 's uranium deposits as his personal property , which would amount to tens of billions of dollars . Several notable Kazakh entrepreneurs have criticized the arrest as politically motivated , and 22 executives signed an open letter criticizing the arrest 's effects on the business environment in the country . In March 2010 , he was sentenced to 14 years in a high security penitentiary . Despite Kazatomprom achieved the world leadership in uranium production in 2009 . Dzhakishev has also been deprived of the right to occupy government positions for the following seven years , and was stripped of the Order of Kurmet , the Kazakh state award .
He was released from prison on 3 March 2020 .
References
External links
Video clips of Dzhakishev discussing his vision for Kazatomprom following his arrest
Living people
Energy in Kazakhstan
Kazakhstani businesspeople
Recipients of the Order of Kurmet
Kazakhstani prisoners and detainees
1963 births
Sagaholm is the site of Bronze Age burial mounds ( Sagaholmshögen ) . Sagaholm is located in Ljungarums parish just south of Jönköping in Småland , Sweden .
Sagaholmshögen
Sagaholmshögen is a cairn dating from the early Nordic Bronze Age ( c. 1700–500 BC ) .
The site had a large barrow with a circle of slabs of sandstone , probably numbering as many as 100 . The Bronze Age graves were built in the form of a mound . Around 1,500 years after the grave was built , another four smaller graves were constructed at the foot of the mound .
Only 45 graves remain , with 18 of them adorned with petroglyphs depicting ships , animals and people , including scenes of zoophilia . The finds are presently on display in Jönköpings County Museum ( Jönköpings läns museum ) in Jönköping .
See also
The King 's Grave
Trundholm sun chariot
Skelhøj
References
Sources
Goldhahn , Joakim ( 2006 ) Om döda och efterlevande med exempel från Bredrör , Skelhøj , Sagaholm och Mjeltehaugen ( Bergen , Norway : `` Arkeologiske Skrifter '' . Pg 283-303 )
External links
Sagaholm
Jönköpings läns museum website
Nordic Bronze Age
Germanic archaeological sites
Archaeological sites in Sweden
Geats
Zoophilia
Nephropsis is a genus of lobsters containing 15 extant species :
Nephropsis acanthura Macpherson , 1990
Nephropsis aculeata Smith , 1881
Nephropsis agassizii A. Milne-Edwards , 1880
Nephropsis atlantica Norman , 1882
Nephropsis carpenteri Wood-Mason , 1885
Nephropsis ensirostris Alcock , 1901
Nephropsis holthuisii Macpherson , 1993
Nephropsis malhaensis Borradaile , 1910
Nephropsis neglecta Holthuis , 1974
Nephropsis occidentalis Faxon , 1893
Nephropsis rosea Bate , 1888
Nephropsis serrata Macpherson , 1993
Nephropsis stewarti Wood-Mason , 1872
Nephropsis suhmi Bate , 1888
Nephropsis sulcata Macpherson , 1990
One further fossil species has also been described .
References
True lobsters
The following is the Canadian order of precedence for decorations and medals . Where applicable , post-nominal letters are indicated .
Awards of valour
National orders
Provincial orders
Territorial orders
National decorations
National decorations not included in order of precedence
The Royal Victorian Chain a personal award of the monarch that is of high status , but does not confer on the recipient any title or post-nominal letters , nor is it included in the order-in-council setting out the order of precedence for the wear of honours , decorations , and medals .
National medals
National medals not included in order of precedence
Certain national medals are recognized as a part of the Canadian honours system but are not included in the Order in Council that sets out the precedence of honours , decorations , and medals in Canada .
War and operational service medals
Special service medals
United Nations medals
United Nations medals not included in order of precedence
Certain United Nations medals are recognized as a part of the Canadian honours system but are not included in the Order in Council that sets out the precedence of honours , decorations , and medals in Canada .
North Atlantic Treaty Organization medals
International mission medals
Polar and Volunteer medals
Commemorative medals
Commemorative medals not included in order of precedence
The lieutenant governors-in-council of six provinces created commemorative medals for the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II . Though these medals were approved by the Queen of Canada , Elizabeth II , they are not included in the order-in-council that sets out the precedence of honours , decorations , and medals in Canada . It has been requested that the Governor General-in-Council add the platinum jubilee medals to the order of precedence , after the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee Medal and before the RCMP Long Service Medal .
Long service and good conduct medals
Exemplary service medals
Special medals
Other decorations and medals
Commonwealth orders ( approved by the Queen-in-Council )
Commonwealth decorations ( approved by the Queen-in-Council )
Commonwealth medals ( approved by the Queen-in-Council )
Foreign orders ( approved by the Queen-in-Council )
Foreign decorations ( approved by Queen-in-Council )
Foreign medals ( approved by the Queen-in-Council )
There are a number of honours and medals administered by provincial , territorial , and municipal governments , which are not on the list , such as the Order of Polaris , membership in which is awarded by the government of Yukon 's Transportation Hall of Fame . This means that they are not part of the Canadian honours system and their insignia must be worn on the right side of the chest , similar to organizational medals granted by the Royal Canadian Legion or the Canadian Cadet Organizations .
British awards granted prior to 1 June 1972
Any person who , prior to June 1 , 1972 , was a member of a British order or the recipient of a British decoration or medal may wear the insignia of the decoration or medal together with the insignia of any Canadian order , decoration or medal that the person is entitled to wear , the proper sequence being the following :
Orders and decorations
Victoria Cross ( VC )
George Cross ( GC )
Cross of Valour ( CV )
Order of Merit ( OM )
Order of the Companions of Honour ( CH )
Companion of the Order of Canada ( CC )
Officer of the Order of Canada ( OC )
Member of the Order of Canada ( CM )
Commander of the Order of Military Merit ( CMM )
Commander of the Order of Merit of the Police Forces ( COM )
Companion of the Order of the Bath ( CB )
Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG )
Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO )
Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE )
Companion of the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO )
Officer of the Order of Military Merit ( OMM )
Officer of the Order of Merit of the Police Forces ( OOM )
Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order ( LVO )
Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE )
Companion of the Imperial Service Order ( ISO )
Member of the Order of Military Merit ( MMM )
Member of the Order of Merit of the Police Forces ( MOM )
Member of the Royal Victorian Order ( MVO )
Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE )
Member of the Royal Red Cross ( RRC )
Distinguished Service Cross ( DSC )
Military Cross ( MC )
Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC )
Air Force Cross ( AFC )
Star of Military Valour ( SMV )
Star of Courage ( SC )
Meritorious Service Cross ( MSC )
Medal of Military Valour ( MMV )
Medal of Bravery ( MB )
Meritorious Service Medal ( MSM )
Associate of the Royal Red Cross ( ARRC )
The Most Venerable Order of St John of Jerusalem ( all grades )
( post-nominal letters only for internal use by the Order of St John )
Provincial Orders ( order of precedence as set out in current precedence )
Distinguished Conduct Medal ( DCM )
Conspicuous Gallantry Medal ( CGM )
George Medal ( GM )
Distinguished Service Medal ( DSM )
Military Medal ( MM )
Distinguished Flying Medal ( DFM )
Air Force Medal ( A.F.M . )
Queen 's Gallantry Medal ( QGM )
Royal Victorian Medal ( RVM )
British Empire Medal ( BEM )
War and operational service medals
Queen 's South Africa Medal ( 1900-1902 )
King 's South Africa Medal ( 1902 )
Africa General Service Medal ( 1902–56 )
India General Service Medal ( 1908–35 )
Naval General Service Medal ( 1915–62 )
India General Service Medal ( 1936–39 )
General Service Medal - Army and Air Force ( 1918–62 )
General Service Medal ( 1962- )
1914 Star
1914–15 Star
British War Medal ( 1914–18 )
Mercantile Marine War Medal ( 1914–18 )
Victory Medal ( 1914–18 )
Territorial Force War Medal ( 1914–19 )
1939-1945 Star
Atlantic Star
Air Crew Europe Star
Africa Star
Pacific Star
Burma Star
Italy Star
France and Germany Star
Defence Medal
Canadian Volunteer Service Medal
Newfoundland Volunteer War Service Medal ( this award has the same precedence as the Canadian Volunteer Service Medal )
War Medal ( 1939–45 )
Korea Medal
Canadian Volunteer Service Medal for Korea
Gulf and Kuwait Medal
Somalia Medal
South-West Asia Service Medal
General Campaign Star
Special service medals
Order of Precedence as set out above in current precedence
United nations medals
Order of Precedence as set out above in current precedence
International Commission and Organizational medals
Order of Precedence as set out above in current precedence
Polar medals
The order of precedence is the date on which they are awarded .
Commemorative medals
King Edward VII Coronation Medal ( 1902 )
King George V Coronation Medal ( 1911 )
King George V Silver Jubilee Medal ( 1935 )
King George VI Coronation Medal ( 1937 )
Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal ( 1953 )
Canadian Centennial Medal ( 1967 )
Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal ( 1977 )
125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal ( 1992 )
Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal ( 2002 )
Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal ( 2012 )
Long service and good conduct medals
Army Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
Naval Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
Air Force Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
R.C.M.P . Long Service Medal
Volunteer Officer 's Decoration ( VD )
Volunteer Long Service Medal
Colonial Auxiliary Forces Officer 's Decoration ( VD )
Colonial Auxiliary Forces Long Service Medal
Efficiency Decoration ( ED )
Efficiency Medal
Naval Volunteer Reserve Decoration ( VRD )
Naval Volunteer Reserve Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
Air Efficiency Award
Canadian Forces ' Decoration ( CD )
Exemplary service medals
Order of Precedence as set out above in current precedence
Special medal
Queen 's Medal for Champion Shot
Other decorations and medals
Order of Precedence as set out above in current precedence
Note—Canadians can still be awarded British Medals as well as Medals from other countries but they must first be approved by the Government of Canada . ( See Nickle Resolution ) These items are worn at the end of the current order of precedence , and one receiving a British Order , Decoration or Medal after 1 June 1972 will abide by the normal order of precedence , not the one catered to pre-1972 awardings .
See also
List of Canadian provincial and territorial orders
List of Canadian awards
Commonwealth realms orders and decorations
Canadian Forces order of precedence
1946 New Year Honours ( Canada )
2017 Canada Day Honours
2018 New Year Honours ( Canada )
2018 Canada Day Honours
2019 New Year Honours ( Canada )
2019 Canada Day Honours
2020 New Year Honours ( Canada )
Citations
References
External links
Department of National Defence Canadian Honours Chart
Order of Precedence at Governor General of Canada 's website
Canadian Forces Administrative Order 18-4 Recommendations for Canadian Orders , Decorations and Military Honours
Orders , decorations , and medals of Canada
Orders of precedence in Canada
Cleonymia korbi is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It is found in south-eastern Spain .
Taxonomy
The species was long treated as a synonym of Cleonymia yvanii , but was reinstated as a valid species in 2010 .
References
Moths described in 1895
Cuculliinae
The TnFOX portability toolkit is a fork of the FOX GUI toolkit with most of the added code implementing orthogonal features ( i.e . not substantially changing the FOX API ) such that applications developed for FOX can be easily recompiled for TnFOX . Unusually , TnFOX also contains API emulations of some Qt library classes - according to the author , this was done to port a substantial project from Qt to FOX . Most of the added features implement a full `` portability toolkit '' library such that one can write one program to run anywhere - this differs from FOX which mostly just provides the GUI portability alone . TnFOX is therefore an example of an operating system abstraction layer .
Unlike FOX , TnFOX supports only a restricted set of C++ compilers and operating systems . It only supports Microsoft 's C++ compiler v7.1 and later , GCC v3.2 and later and Intel C++ compiler v8 or later . It also only runs on Windows 2000 or later , Linux 2.6 kernels or later , FreeBSD and Mac OS X 10.4 or later , though on any processor or architecture .
TnFOX contains its own automatically generated bindings for Python based on Boost.Python library - such were the complexity of these it required adding the -fvisibility feature to GCC v4 onwards . However , the quality and state of these have languished in recent years .
The library is no longer maintained by its author , as of 2012 .
Substantial Features of TnFOX
One of the more original features of TnFOX is its heavy usage of C++ metaprogramming though this is entirely kept away from the GUI side of things ( for FOX compatibility ) . A full lightweight metaprogramming toolkit is included which allows many of the operations provided by the Boost metaprogramming library , including typelists , type traits , compile-time logic , functors , virtual table compilation , horizontal type list instantiation and more . Unlike Boost , due to the requirement for a modern C++ compiler , all the metaprogramming operates consistently across compilers without the need for ugly macros .
Another unusual feature is the use of pervasive exception handling and safety whereby any line is assumed to always potentially throw an exception . TnFOX provides a C++ rollback mechanism ( as originally proposed by Andrei Alexandrescu ) to keep track of what operations need to be undone at any given stage should an error occur - rather like a SQL transaction . One problem with this approach is the possibility of nested exception throws during object destruction which under the ISO C++ standard requires an immediate program termination - TnFOX works around this problem via preprocessing of the source to add extra support code .
A quirky addition of the v0.88 release is to use Google Translate to convert its locale strings . While of dubious utility , especially for shorter strings , it nevertheless may save time during translations .
Unlike most portability toolkits , TnFOX has been very extensively profiled and performance tuned for maximum speed and minimal memory usage . It has strong multithreading support including tuning to avoid two threads writing to the same cache line ( which causes cache line bouncing and greatly bottlenecks parallel throughput ) . It optionally uses its own thread caching memory allocator , automatically uses dynamic algorithms which will trade speed for memory usage according to memory low conditions and has very strong x86 and x64 specific optimisations including a metaprogramming implementation of SIMD vectors which will automatically compile down into SSE operations ( right up to SSE4 support ) . It has its own assembler written fast mutex implementation , extensive internal caching to avoid syscalls to the kernel and its own inter-process communication framework which can transport arbitrary C++ object instances from one place to another by leveraging metaprogramming to automatically implement serialisation & deserialisation . This is particularly evident in its SQL database interface where one can simply bind an arbitrary C++ object instance to a BLOB field and no further code is required .
TnFOX optionally includes copies of the OpenSSL library and the SQLite library in order to implement its strong encryption and its default SQL database implementation respectively . It can be built modularly as a set of separate DLLs or monolithically . It also has full portable support for host operating system ACL security and knows how to protect sensitive data from entering the swap file , plus automatically shredding any deleted portions . It can access which user is running the process and how to escalate its privileges as necessary .
It has a no GUI build suitable as a portability toolkit for daemon and system processes . This has no X11/GDI dependencies .
TnFOX has already begun to add C++0x features for those compilers which support them - this being the next revision of the ISO C++ standard .
See also
Widget toolkit
Operating system abstraction layer
List of widget toolkits
FOX toolkit
Qt
References
External links
Project homepage
Widget toolkits
Free software programmed in C++
Software using the LGPL license
Randy Hansen ( born December 8 , 1954 ) is an American guitarist best known for his `` Rock Tribute Act '' honoring Jimi Hendrix . He composed 17 minutes of the soundtrack for the 1979 movie Apocalypse Now , ( 1980 Academy Award Winner for Best Sound ) . His debut album was released in 1980 on Capitol Records and was recorded at the Automatt Studios in San Francisco with Scott Rosburg on bass and vocals and Charles Tapp on drums and vocals . That group played two North American tours which included several coliseum shows with Bob Seger , Sammy Hagar , REO Speedwagon , Head East , Triumph , Poco and Blue Öyster Cult .
In 1984 , Hansen impersonated Jimi Hendrix in the music video for Devo 's cover of `` Are You Experienced ? '' . That same year , he also co-wrote the song `` State of Shock '' with Michael Jackson . He played with comedian Sam Kinison in 1991 .
Hansen 's Hendrix act first came to prominence with Randy Hansen 's Machine Gun ( 1977–80 ) , with Larry Epperly on bass guitar and Tim Kelliher on drums . All three had previously been in a band called Kid Chrysler and the Cruisers . Hansen 's Machine Gun performed on bills with Heart , The Kinks , Stevie Ray Vaughan , and others , and were written up by Rolling Stone and Guitar Player .
After his debut album , Hansen 's emphasis continued to be on original releases of the Jimi Hendrix style of composition , in addition to including large numbers of Hendrix compositions in his live shows . One of the high points of Hansen 's career was when he played a short series of concerts with a band that included the original Jimi Hendrix Experience drummer , Mitch Mitchell and also with Buddy Miles from Jimi Hendrix and the Band of Gypsys . Since 1991 , Hansen has toured Europe almost every year with Manni von Bohr on drums and Ufo Walter on bass , in addition to performing at outdoor music festivals . He continues to perform as a solo artist in the Pacific Northwest and elsewhere in the United States .
Hansen has four self-released CDs of original music in print , all available online - Old Dogs New Tricks , Good Intentions , Tower of Love and Funtown which was released on the German Jazzhaus records label . He continues to live in Seattle . As of 2008 , Hansen is on the roster of Gen-X Entertainment Intl . Inc. , who also represent bands ranging from the Amazing Rhythm Aces to the current incarnation of Jefferson Starship .
Discography
Randy Hansen , ( Now Hear This , 1971 )
Randy Hansen ( Capitol Records , 1980 )
Monster ( Herbie Hancock album ) ( Columbia Records , 1980 )
Astral Projektion ( Shrapnel Records , 1983 )
Classics Live - `` A tribute to Jimi Hendrix '' ( Ananaz Records , 1992 )
Hendrix by Hansen ( Grooveyard / Affengeil Records , 1993 )
Old Dogs New Tricks ( Grooveyard / Green Tree Records , 1997 )
Thinking Of You ' ' ( Rudolf Music 2000 )
Tower Of Love ( Grooveyard / Manni v. Bohr , 2000 )
Good Intentions ( Grooveyard / Manni v. Bohr , 2003 )
Alter Ego ( Randy Hansen , 2004 )
Live in Berlin DVD ( Grooveyard , 2005 )
European Tour 2008 - Hendrix Live Live In Boston - December 1980 '' ( Rudolf Music , 2008 )
References
External links
Randy Hansen at RudolfMusic.com
Living people
1954 births
Musicians from Seattle
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Jane Misme ( 1865–1935 ) was a French journalist and feminist . She founded the feminist journal La Française ( The Frenchwoman ) , published from 1906 to 1934 , and was a member of the executive of the French Union for Women 's Suffrage and the National Council of French Women .
Early years
Jane Misme was born in 1865 .
In January 1893 Jeanne Schmahl founded the Avant-Courrière ( Forerunner ) association , which called for the right of women to be witnesses in public and private acts , and for the right of married women to take the product of their labor and dispose of it freely .
The campaign aimed to mobilize middle- and upper-class women who had moderate and conservative views . Anne de Rochechouart de Mortemart ( 1847–1933 ) , Duchess of Uzès and Juliette Adam ( 1836–1936 ) soon joined the Avant-Courrière , and Schmahl found support from Jane Misme and Jeanne Chauvin ( 1862–1926 ) , the first woman to become a doctor of law .
Journalist
Jane Misme became a journalist when she was about thirty years old , writing from 1896 to 1906 in newspapers such as Le Figaro , Le Matin and the Revue de Paris .
Her articles covered subjects such as the social roles of women in the past , and the new careers open to women .
She was also drama critic for La Fronde and L'Action from 1899 to 1905.La Fronde had been founded by the actress and suffragist Marguerite Durand in 1897 .
In October 1901 Misme wrote in an article on `` the conception of women in French theater '' for La Fronde , La Fronde ceased publication in March 1905 .
Misme launched La Française ( The Frenchwoman ) the next year , to fill the gap .
It was a four-page , large format weekly that first appeared on 21 October 1906 .
Cofounders included Mathilde Meliot , director if the Monde Financier , and Marguerite Durand .
Germaine Dulac was a regular contributor , writing literary portraits between 1906 and 1908 , and theatrical criticism from 1908 to 1913 .
The paper was owned by the writers through a cooperative .
This parent organization , the Cercle de La Française , was described as a `` home of practical and moral action for all feminine interests . ''
Unlike La Fronde , Misme accepted men as collaborators , but refused to argue over politics or religion . The focus would be on `` the situation and role of women in France and abroad . ''
In 1908 Misme wrote that La Francaise was strongly against `` violent public demonstrations '' which were `` essentially incompatible with French style [ goût ] '' .La Française was intended to take a broad position linking the different republican feminist movements .
In practice it became the official organ of the moderate National Council of French Women ( CNFF : French : Conseil National des femmes françaises ) , to which many women 's associations belonged .
The CNFF had been formally launched on 18 April 1901 .
The initial committee was headed by Isabelle Bogelot and included Sarah Monod , Avril de Sainte-Croix , Julie Siegfried and Marie Bonnevial .
Misme was president of the Press , Letters and Arts section of the CNFF and delegate to the presidency of the Press , Letters and Arts section of the International Council of Women .
French Union for Women 's Suffrage
The French Union for Women 's Suffrage ( UFSF ) was founded by a group of feminists who had attended a national congress of French feminists in Paris in 1908 .
Most of them were from bourgeois or intellectual backgrounds .
The leaders were Jeanne Schmahl and Jane Misme .
The founding meeting of 300 women was held in February 1909 . Cécile Brunschvicg ( 1877–1946 ) was made secretary-general .
Schmahl was the first president .
Misme was vice-president of the UFSF from 1909 to 1935 .
Schmahl resigned from the UFSF in 1911 due to disputes with Cécile Brunschvicg , although the reason given was health problems .
Jane Misme stayed with the UFSF , which had 12,000 members by 1914 .
World War I
During World War I ( 1914–18 ) the motto on the banner of La Française read `` Frenchwomen during the war . What they do . What we can do for them . ''
After the outbreak of war Misme wrote in La Française , `` As long as the adversity of our country endures , nobody is entitled to speak of their rights ; we only have responsibilities to it . ''
Setting aside international women 's solidarity , she also wrote , `` As long as the war continues , the wives of the enemy will also be the enemy . ''
In a 1914 article Misme criticized Red Cross nurses who did not show the selfless devotion to duty the Republic required , but might be attracted by the glamor of the uniform or the potential the job offered to find a husband . She thought these women were harming the suffrage cause , since women 's valiant effort during the war would be used to justify giving the vote to women after the war had ended .
From 1915 Misme contributed to L'Oeuvre and Minerva .
The loss of French men during the war , or their absence in the trenches , created a drop in the birth rate and a shortage of husbands .
Proposals for countering the problem included polygamy and pregnancy outside of marriage .
Misme thought this was barbarous . A woman who was denied love and motherhood should be seen as a victim of war , and their sacrifice should bring honor , not disgrace . La Française said unwed motherhood was `` degrading for women , humiliating for men ... noxious for the child ... dangerous for the public order and intimate happiness . ''
One of the issues discussed in La Française was the question of pregnancies due to rape by German soldiers .
Misme was personally opposed to abortion , but urged her readers to use her correspondence page to debate the issues , and published a wide range of views from both men and women .
She rejected the concept that the woman was a `` shamed '' victim , and called on women to bear and love their children .
Misme held the maternalist view that mothers and children always deserved help and respect .
She wrote , `` It is with all the strength of my maternal instinct that I speak to defend , here and everywhere , the mothers and children who are treated as outcasts . '' If a mother abandoned the child from a wartime rape , the child was officially entitled to foster care in the normal way . Misme questioned how the foster parents would treat them if they suspected their origin .
Misme published letters that insulted her , accused her of siding with the Germans and even called her a German spy .
Misme wrote an extensive article on La Guerre et le rôle des femmes in the November 1916 issue of La Revue de Paris . She noted that the French feminist societies had suspended their pacifist activities . French women had shown by their deeds that they should be treated as socially equal to men . They had taken the place of men in the factories , had taken the place of husbands and fathers in the family , and had become farmers , laborers , veterinaries , notaries , barbers and merchants of all kinds . They had filled vacant positions in schools and local administration .
Before the war the feminist leaders had been treated with hostility , but now the mood had changed . Misme called for reforms in education , labor problems , marriage , charity , hygiene , social morality and politics that would demonstrate that sexual equality is triumphantly possible .
Post-war period
Misme continued as an active and opinionated journalist after the war .
Writing in L'Oeuvre in a 1919 editorial Misme dismissed the many `` lamentations '' she had heard about newly independent women who chose not to marry in the postwar period . She wrote , `` Ah ! The time is past when you married the first well-groomed dog that came along just to be called Madame , wear diamonds , go out alone , and in particular guarantee your daily bread . She thought that the war had accelerated a change that was already happening in the way single women were viewed .
Writing in La Francaise in 1922 Misme praised the new , shorter swimsuits for allowing young women more freedom of movement in the water . She wrote , `` anything that stands in the way of the harmonious and necessary development of the body can only be a false kind of grace and modesty . ''
In an article titled Les Provocatrices ( Oeuvre , 8 November 1923 ) Misme claimed that the courtship relationship had changed . Instead of passively waiting to be asked for marriage , women were taking a more active role .
In discussing controversy over an article on `` Do Frenchwomen have to marry strangers '' she wrote , `` They do not have to ; they can ; that is very different . ''
In Maternité : Le plus beau sport ( Oeuvre , 29 November 1923 ) Misme objected to the spread of the ideas of Sigmund Freud in France , saying his theories were very controversial , and were largely in vogue due to fashion .
Under the Law of 10 August 1927 French women married to non-naturalized foreigners could retain their citizenship , their children were considered French and their husbands could now become eligible for citizenship in three years rather than ten .
Odette Simon of the UFSF noted that `` the essential goal of this law is to increase as much as possible the number of French men and women . ''
However , Misme praised the law as an attack on the concept of `` marital supremacy , '' where a woman was subordinate to her husband , and thus another step in the process of reform that had started with the married women 's property law of 1907 .
By 1926 La Française had been transferred from the CNFF to the affiliated French Union for Women 's Suffrage ( UFSF : Union française pour le suffrage des femmes ) .
Misme often published short biographies of suffragists in La Francaise and Minerva , creating a useful resource for historians of the women 's movement in France .
She wrote a series of articles on `` The Great Figures of Feminism '' for Minerva '' .
An article published on 30 November 1930 described the achievements of Avril de Sainte-Croix , who was 75 years old , but despite illness and fragility was `` a permanent miracle of vitality and energy . '' She said Sainte-Croix had been born to lead , was the undisputed leader of French feminism and one of the leaders of international feminism .
Jane Misme died in 1935 .
Selected publications
References
Sources
1865 births
1935 deaths
French feminists
French journalists
French women writers
French suffragists
20th-century French women
Le Figaro people
Lofting is a drafting technique to generate curved lines . It is used in plans for streamlined objects such as aircraft and boats . The lines may be drawn on wood and the wood then cut for advanced woodworking . The technique can be as simple as bending a flexible object , such as a long strip of thin wood or thin plastic so that it passes over three non-linear points , and scribing the resultant curved line ; or as elaborate as plotting the line using computers or mathematical tables .
Lofting is particularly useful in boat building , when it is used to draw and cut pieces for hulls and keels . These are usually curved , often in three dimensions . Loftsmen at the mould lofts of shipyards were responsible for taking the dimensions and details from drawings and plans , and translating this information into templates , battens , ordinates , cutting sketches , profiles , margins and other data . From the early 1970s onward computer-aided design ( CAD ) became normal for the shipbuilding design and lofting process .
Lofting was also commonly used in aircraft design before the widespread adoption of computer-generated shaping programs .
Basic lofting
As ship design evolved from craft to science , designers learned various ways to produce long curves on a flat surface . Generating and drawing such curves became a part of ship lofting ; `` lofting '' means drawing full-sized patterns , so-called because it was often done in large , lightly constructed mezzanines or lofts above the factory floor . When aircraft design progressed beyond the stick-and-fabric boxes of its first decade of existence , the practice of lofting moved naturally into the aeronautical realm . As the storm clouds of World War II gathered in Europe , a US aircraft company , North American Aviation , took the practice into the purely mathematical realm . One of that war 's outstanding warplanes , the North American P-51 Mustang , was designed using mathematical charts and tables rather than lofting tables .
Lofting is the transfer of a Lines Plan to a Full-Sized Plan . This helps to assure that the boat will be accurate in its layout and pleasing in appearance . There are many methods to loft a set of plans .
Generally , boat building books have a detailed description of the lofting process , beyond the scope of this article . Plans can be lofted on a level wooden floor , marking heavy paper such as Red Rosin for the full-sized plans or directly on plywood sheets .
The first step is to lay out the grid , mark the baseline along the length of the paper or plywood sheet . Then nail Battens every 12 inches ( or more in some cases ) where the station lines are to be set as a mark for the perpendicular line , which is marked with a T-square . The previous steps are followed in turn by marking the Top Line and the Water Line . Before continuing make sure to check the lines by using the Pythagorean theorem and make sure the grid is square .
The second step is to mark the points from the table of offsets . All measurements off the table of offsets is listed in Millimeters or the Feet , Inches , and Eighths . The points are plotted at each station then use a small nail and a batten to Fair ( draw with a fair curve ) the boat 's lines .
Definitions
Full sized plan A 1:1 scale construction drawing of a boat and its parts
Lines plan A scaled-down version of a full-sized drawing often including the body , plan , profile , and section views
Body Plan A view of the boat from both dead ahead and dead astern split in half
Plan view A view looking down on the boat from above
Profile view A view of the boat from the side
Section view Cross-section of the boat 's width
Batten A long stick to help draw fair lines
See also
Loft ( 3D ) for the etymologically derived process used in computer-based 3D modeling
References
Books
`` The Evolution of the Wooden Ship '' , Basil Greenhill , Sam Manning , 1988
`` The Boatbuilder 's Apprentice '' , Greg Rossel , 2007
`` Lofting a Boat : A Step by Step Manual '' Roger Kopanycia , Adlard Coles , 2011
Woodworking
Technical drawing
Shipbuilding
Aeronautics
The Delta M or Thor-Delta M was an American expendable launch system used for thirteen orbital launches between 1968 and 1971 . It was a member of the Delta family of rockets .
The Delta M had a three-stage configuration . The first stage was the Long Tank Thor , a stretched version of the Thor missile , previously flown on the Delta L. Three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to the first stage to increase thrust at lift-off . A Delta E was used as the second stage , and the third stage was a Star-37D solid rocket motor . On the final flight , six boosters were flown instead of three , in a configuration known as the Delta M6 , or `` Super Six . ''
All thirteen launches were made from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ( CCAFS ) . The first launch carrying Intelsat III F-1 on 18 September 1968 , was a complete failure when the first stage began suffering abnormal pitch gyrations starting at T+20 seconds . The booster maintained a stable attitude until around T+100 seconds when it pitched over and began to break up from structural loads . As the Delta was also headed back towards land , Range Safety Officer sent the destruct signal at T+108 seconds . It was bound for a Geostationary transfer orbit above the Atlantic Ocean and be in operation in time to relay broadcasts of the next month 's 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .
The fifth launch on 25 July 1969 , Intelsat III F-5 suffered a rupture of either the third stage casing or nozzle and ended up in an unusable orbit . Of the thirteen launches , twelve carried geosynchronous communications satellites . The thirteenth , which was the final flight and the only one in the Delta-M6 configuration , placed Explorer 43 into a highly elliptical orbit .
References
Delta ( rocket family )
Sandawe is a language spoken by about 60,000 Sandawe people in the Dodoma Region of Tanzania . Sandawe 's use of click consonants , a rare feature shared with only two other language of East Africa – Hadza and Dahalo , had been the basis of its classification as a member of the defunct Khoisan family of Southern Africa since Albert Drexel in the 1920s . Recent investigations however ( Güldemann 2010 ) suggest that Sandawe may be related to the Khoe family regardless of the validity of Khoisan as a whole . A discussion of Sandawe 's linguistic classification can be found in Sands ( 1998 ) .
Language use is vigorous among both adults and children , with people in some areas monolingual . Sandawe has two dialects , northwest and southeast . Differences include speaking speed , vowel dropping , some word taboo , and minor lexical and grammatical differences . Some Alagwa have shifted to Sandawe , and are considered a Sandawe clan .
SIL International began work on Sandawe in 1996 and to date ( 2004 ) , Daniel and Elisabeth Hunziker and Helen Eaton continue to work on the analysis of the language . They have so far produced a phonological description , a dialect survey report and several papers on aspects of grammar . Sandawe is also currently ( since 2002 ) studied by Sander Steeman of Leiden University .
Phonology
Vowels
Sandawe has five vowel qualities :
All five vowel qualities may be found as short oral , long oral and long nasal vowels . Thus /a/ can be found as , and respectively . There are therefore fifteen basic vowel phonemes . Short nasal vowels also occur , apparently from the historical elision of a nasal consonant that is still attested in related forms . Long vowels are written double , aa , and long nasal vowels with a tilde , ã .
Long vowels are about 50 % longer than short vowels . In morpheme-final position , low-tone /u/ and /i/ are frequently devoiced , though this may not occur after /j/ , /w/ , or /h/ .
Consonants
Non-click consonants
The glyphs in are the practical orthography developed by Hunziker and Hunziker , along with approximate equivalents in the IPA .
Tc and dz are and in the northwestern dialect , but often and or even in the southeast . for tch occurs but is less common .
Clicks
The clicks in Sandawe are not particularly loud , when compared to better known click languages in southern Africa . The lateral click can be confused with the alveolar lateral ejective affricate even by native speakers . With the postalveolar clicks , the tongue often slaps the bottom of the mouth , and this slap may be louder than the actual release of the click . Wright et al . transcribe this slapped click with the extended-IPA symbol . The voiced clicks are uncommon , being found in a few words such as gqokomi 'greater kudu ' and gcingco ( sp . bird ) . Labialized clicks are found in word-initial position .
The glottalized click phonation is something like creaky voice , not an ejective . In initial position , the glottis is closed during the entire occlusion of the click , and not opened until after the release burst . In medial position , the glottis is closed after the velar closure and before the forward closure , but opened before the click release . Such clicks are not nasalized all the way through ; in some tokens they are simply prenasalized glottalized clicks , , bearing in mind that the superscript implies coarticulation ( that is , that it is pronounced together with the , not after ) .
The practical orthography is based on Xhosa and Zulu .
Tone
Hunziker et al . ( 2008 ) transcribe seven phonetic tones : high , mid , low , high falling , mid falling , low falling , and rising ( on long vowels only ) . In Sandawe orthography , they are written as exactly with their IPA spelling , but the rising tone is marked as ǎ .
High and low tones are analyzed as the basic tone configurations . However , the high-falling tone is contrastive , for example in 'water ' , but it also occurs often due to a sequence of tones . The mid tone does not occur initially . Hunziker et al . analyze it as a downstepped high tone : //H-L-H// is realized as [ H-H-M ] . This rightward shift on the tones is a general process in Sandawe . This analysis requires the assumption of floating low tones carried by consonant clusters , and thought to reflect a historical vowel which has been deleted . The low and mid falling tones are a prosodic effect , found on final syllables , or on penultimate syllables followed by a voiceless vowel ; this leftward shift of tone before voiceless vowels ( which by their nature can not carry tone ) is another general process of Sandawe . Rising tone is only found on long vowels and can be analyzed as a low-high sequence .
Thus at a phonemic level , , , , and are contrastive .
Phonotactics
The majority of Sandawe syllables are CV . Morpheme-initially , consonant clusters are of the form Cw ; these are not found in the middle of morphemes . Most consonants are attested in this Cw sequence apart from the labials , the glottals ( ʼ , h ) , sonorants ( r , l , y , w ) , and the rather infrequent consonants n , d , dl , & the voiced clicks , which may simply be gaps in attestation . The rounded vowels o , you 're not found after Cw sequences . Vowel initial syllables , as in cèú 'buffalo ' , are not found initially , though initial glottal stop is not written ( íóó 'mother ' ) .
Glottal stops are found as syllable codas , though these may be released in an echo vowel in some circumstances . Hunziker et al . prefer to analyze these are final consonants , because the quality of the echo vowel is predictable , and otherwise this is the only place where the vowels /e a o/ would have voiceless allophones .
Hunziker et al . find complementary distribution between homorganic NC clusters , which occur only medially ( there are no word-final nasal consonants ) , and nasal vowels , which they only transcribe word finally . It would therefore seem that NC clusters are the realization of a preceding nasal vowel .
Other final consonants are found as consonant clusters in the middle of a word . Historically , these are presumably due to vowel elision , as evidenced by records from the early 20th century and also by tone patterns . In the northwestern dialect , words are found with final consonants where tonal patterns suggest there was once a voiceless final vowel , and where the southeastern dialect retains a voiceless i or u .
Grammar
Pronouns
Syllable structure
Sandawe syllables are usually of the form CV ; in monosyllabic words , word-final nasals are not uncommon , CV ( N ) . Sometimes other consonants are found in word-final position , but this is most probably the result of deletion of word-final voiceless vowels .
A syllabic nasal m is found in Swahili loanwords . The most common word structure is disyllabic with or without long vowels ( CV ( ː ) CV ( ː ) ) , according to De Voogt ( 1992 ) .
Nouns
Although nouns can be masculine or feminine , there is usually no particular marker that indicates the gender . Many singular feminine human nouns are marked by the ending -sù , whereas some singular masculine human nouns end in -é. Additionally , definite human feminine nouns must be marked with the suffix -sù , often repeating marking :
Gender assignment for most non-human animates as well as inanimates is largely unpredictable . However , according to Steeman ( 2011 ) , all body parts are masculine , bigger plants are masculine while smaller plants are feminine , machinery nouns new to the Sandawe ( whose names are typically borrowed from Swahili ) are usually feminine , and deverbal nouns representing acts ( nominalizations ) are masculine . According to Eaton ( 2010 ) , a masculine noun can be made a diminutive by treating it as a feminine noun .
According to Eaton ( 2010 ) , definite plural nouns are marked with the suffix -khéé , while definite associative plurals are marked with the suffix -khì . According to Steeman ( 2011 ) , definite human plurals are marked with -sò .
Adjectives
The same roots may be used as adjectives or verbs according to Kagaya ( 1993 : ix ) .
Syntax
Basic word order in Sandawe is SOV according to De Voogt ( 1992 ) . However , word order in the Sandawe sentence is very flexible due to the presence of several 'subject identification strategies ' .
Sample sentence ( mid tones are not marked ) :
An article in Studies in African Linguistics , Volume 10 , Number 3 , 1979 , by Gerard Dalgish , describes these 'subject identification strategies ' in detail . Numerous permutations of sentence constituents are allowed in certain tenses , the pattern being : ( a ) the first constituent is the subject or ( b ) any non-subject that is first in the sentence must be marked for the subject . Non-subject constituents include verbs , a progressive marker , objects , indirect objects , adverbs , prepositional phrases , complementizers . Similar results are obtained in WH-Questions .
Tone
Elderkin ( 1989 ) analyzes Sandawe as having two level tones ( High , Low ) and two contour tones ( Falling , Rising ) . His thesis considers the behavior of tone at word- , sentence- and discourse-level . De Voogt ( 1992 ) and Kagaya ( 1993 ) list three level tones ( High , Mid , Low ) and two contour tones ( Falling , Rising ) .
Classification
The most promising candidate as a relative of Sandawe are the Khoe languages of Botswana and Namibia . Most of the putative cognates Greenberg ( 1976 ) gives as evidence for Sandawe being a Khoisan language in fact tie Sandawe to Khoe . Gueldemann and Elderkin have strengthened that connection , with several dozen likely cognates , while casting doubts on other Khoisan connections . Although there are not enough similarities to reconstruct a Proto-Khoe–Sandawe language , there are enough to suggest that the connection is real . However , other linguists have criticized the proposal as cherry-picking among a large number of non-matching pronominal forms .
The pronominal system is quite similar :
These may cast some light on the development of clicks . For example , the Sandawe word for 'horn ' , tlana , may be a cognate with the root nǁâ found throughout the Khoe family . This and other words suggests that clicks may form from consonant clusters when the first vowel of a word is lost : * tlana > * tlna > ǁna ( nǁa ) .
Another word common to Sandawe and Khoe , the numeral haka 'four ' , is also found in the neighboring Cushitic languages Aasax and Kwʼadza , and was perhaps borrowed into them from Sandawe .
Since the Khoe family appears to have migrated to southern Africa from the northeast , it may be that Sandawe is closer to their common homeland than the modern Khoe languages are .
See also
Click language
Hadza language
Khoisan languages
References
Bibliography
Dalgish , Gerard ( 1979 ) `` Subject Identification Strategies and Free Word Order : The Case of Sandawe '' in Studies in African Linguistics , Volume 10 , Number 3 , pp . 273–310
Dobashi , Yoshihito ( 2001 ) `` Agreement and Word Order in Sandawe '' In Cornell Working Papers in Linguistics , 18 , pp . 57–74
Eaton , Helen C. ( 2002 ) A Grammar of Focus in Sandawe ( unpublished Ph.D. thesis , University of Reading )
Elderkin , Edward D. ( 1989 ) The Significance and Origin of the Use of Pitch in Sandawe ( Unpublished D.Phil . thesis , University of York ) .
Güldemann , Tom and Edward D. Elderkin ( 2010 ) `` On external genealogical relationships of the Khoe family. '' . In : Brenzinger , Matthias and Christa König ( eds . ) , Khoisan languages and linguistics : the Riezlern symposium 2003 . Quellen zur Khoisan-Forschung 17 . Köln : Rüdiger Köppe .
Hunziker , Daniel , Elisabeth Hunziker , & Helen Eaton ( 2008 ) A Description of the Phonology of the Sandawe Language . SIL Electronic Working Papers
Kagaya , Ryohei ( 1993 ) `` A Classified Vocabulary of The Sandawe Language '' , Asian & African Lexicon vol 26 . Tokyo : Institute for the Study of Languages and Cultures of Asia and Africa ( ILCAA ) .
Sands , Bonny E. ( 1998 ) Eastern and Southern African Khoisan : evaluating claims of distant linguistic relationships . Quellen zur Khoisan-Forschung 14 . Köln : Köppe .
Steeman , Sander ( 2011 ) A Grammar of Sandawe : A Khoisan Language from Tanzania , Utrecht : Landelijke Onderzoekschool Taalwetenschap .
Voogt , A.J . de ( 1992 ) Some phonetic aspects of Hatsa and Sandawe clicks ( Unpublished MA thesis in African Linguistics , Leiden University ) .
Wright , Richard , Ian Maddieson , Peter Ladefoged , Bonny Sands ( 1995 ) . `` A phonetic study of Sandawe clicks '' , UCLA Working Papers in Phonetics , No . 91 : Fieldwork Studies in Targeted Languages III .
External links
Sandawe wordlists and accompanying soundfiles at UCLA
Helen Eaton More information on SIL International 's work on Sandawe , with papers for downloading .
Sandawe basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
Khoisan languages
Languages of Tanzania
Language isolates of Africa
Tonal languages
Click languages
Aedes sollicitans , the eastern saltmarsh mosquito ( also known as Ochlerotatus sollicitans ) , is a species of mosquito native to the eastern seaboard of the United States and Canada as well as the entire Gulf coast and is also present in the Bahamas and Greater Antilles . While primarily found in coastal areas within a few miles of the coast , it is occasionally found inland in areas with saline pools , the species was reported as far west as Arizona . The species is a prime vector for Eastern equine encephalitis , Venezuelan equine encephalitis and dog heartworm .
Description
Aedes sollicitans has a conspicuous band of white scales around the central area of the proboscis and the anterior portion of the hind tarsomeres upon which there is also band a band of yellow scales in the middle . The abdomen has white basal bands and is divided by a medial longitudinal stripe . The thorax is white on the sides and the top is brown , yellow , golden and white .
Similar Species
A. sollicitans resembles Aedes taeniorhynchus but the two species can be distinguished at the larval and adult stages . Larval A. sollicitans have longer breathing tubes , have scale patches with pointed tips , and larger spines that line the edges of each scale patch . Adult A. sollicitans are golden brown while adult Aedes taeniorhychus are black and smaller in size .
Habitat
A. sollicitans tends to stay within 5 miles of the coast on average all the range can be greater dependent upon a number of factors such as wind speed and duration .
Food Resources
It tends to feed most actively at twilight but is an opportunistic feeder which will feed a host species that enters its area in daytime . The female requires one blood meal for each egg batch with the primary host species being mammals , and birds as a secondary host .
Oviposition
The female Aedes sollicitans lays her eggs on the dried out substrate of salt pannes , depressions within salt marshes which dry out between periods of very high tide ( spring tide ) . The eggs hatch upon the panne filling at the next spring tide in 4–5 days with optimal conditions .
In the south the peak amount of adults occurs in the spring and fall , and in the northern portion of its range peak adult population occurs in the summer . The last batches of eggs laid in the fall remain in diapause until the spring .
References
solicitans
Diptera of North America
Insects described in 1856
Abdul Latif Ahmadi is an Afghan film director , also known as Engineer Latif Ahmadi . He co-founded Afghanistan 's first private film production company Ariana Films ( with Toryalai Shafaq and Juwansher Haidary ) , and became the president of Afghan Film , the state-run Afghan film company .
As the head of Afghan Film , he has been credited with assisting many of the recent films being produced in Afghanistan such as Buzkashi Boys , The Black Tulip and The Kite Runner as well as traveling around the world to introduce Afghan cinema to various audiences .
In early 2021 , he was interviewed about Afghan Film , the feature films he has directed and the history of filmmaking in Afghanistan for the TVO/Al Jazeera documentary series The Forbidden Reel , a program which also featured filmmaker Siddiq Barmak and actor Yasamin Yarmal ( from the 1989 film Epic of Love ) .
Films
Films that Ahmadi has been involved with include :
Gonah
Farar
Sabor-e sarbaz
Parenda hai mahajer
Eshq-e Pery
Mazrea Sabz
Sher aqa wa Sheeren goal
Gumashtan
as director
Titles in English from The Forbidden Reel :
April Revolution
Patient Soldier
Epic of Love ( 1989 ) with Yasamin Yarmal , Habib Zorghai , Qader Faroukh and Zarghuna Aram ( also known as Hamas-e eshq )
Sin
Green Fields
The Sculptures are Laughing
References
External links
MTSA : Reports
Lemar-Aftaab | www.afghanmagazine.com | July 2004 | Vol 3 | Issues 5 | Photo Essay | Afghan Film : Spring 2004 | By Yama Rahimi
Living people
Afghan film directors
1950 births
The ochre-faced tody-flycatcher ( Poecilotriccus plumbeiceps ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , Peru , and Uruguay . In Uruguay , it was found for the first time in 1997 in the gallery forests of the Yaguarón River , in Cerro Largo Department .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
ochre-faced tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Yungas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
ochre-faced tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nathaniel Ingelo ( c.1621–1683 ) was an English clergyman , writer and musician , best known for the allegorical romance Bentivolio and Urania ( 1660 and 1664 ) .
Life
He graduated M.A . at Edinburgh , and then was incorporated at the University of Cambridge . He was made a Fellow of Queens ' College , Cambridge by Edward Montagu , 2nd Earl of Manchester and parliamentary visitors ; he was Fellow there from 1644 to 1646 . At Cambridge , he met and admired the Cambridge Platonist Henry More : Bentivolio and Urania is influenced by his thought . He was unsuccessful as minister to the Independent congregation at Broadmead , Bristol , who found his taste in clothes too loud and disapproved of the church music which was his passion . He then became a Fellow of Eton College in 1650 .
He went as chaplain on Bulstrode Whitelocke 's 1653 embassy to Sweden . On that occasion Andrew Marvell addressed a Latin poem to him . Marvell was a friend from Eton . where he was tutoring William Dutton , ward to Oliver Cromwell . The poem was actually intended for Queen Christina of Sweden , and was duly presented to her by Whitelocke . Ingelo himself performed music by Benjamin Rogers for the Queen .
He became rector of Piddlehinton , Dorset , where he had the living from 1671 to 1677 . He was Rede Lecturer in 1676 .
John Wilmot , Earl of Rochester mentions Ingelo ( as well as Richard Sibbes and Simon Patrick ) in his poem A Satyr against Reason and Mankind .
Works
The perfection , authority and credibility of the holy scriptures ( 1658 )
A sermon preached at St. Pauls ( 1659 )
Bentivolio and Urania ( 1660 )
A discourse concerning repentance ( 1677 )
His text `` We sing to him whose wisdom form 'd the ear '' was set to music by Henry Purcell .
See also
Hymnus Eucharisticus
Notes
External links
Biography
Biography
1621 births
1683 deaths
Fellows of Eton College
Fellows of Queens ' College , Cambridge
17th-century English Anglican priests
English writers
The Tomb of Philip the Bold is a funerary monument commissioned in 1378 by the Duke of Burgundy Philip the Bold ( d. 1404 ) for his burial at the Chartreuse de Champmol , the Carthusian monastery he built on the outskirts of Dijon , in today 's France . It was designed and built by Jean de Marville , head of the duke 's sculptural studio , who designed and oversaw the building of the charterhouse . Marville began work on the tomb in 1384 , but progress
ed slowly until his death in 1389 . That year Claus Sluter took over design of Champmol , including the tomb . Philip died in 1402 with his funerary monument still very much incomplete . After Sluter 's death c. 1405/06 , his nephew Claus de Werve completed the project in 1410 .
The duke is shown recumbent on black marble , with his eyes open , his hands clasped , and his helmet held by two angels as a lion rests at his feet . Below him , positioned in alternating double archways and triangular niches , pleurants ( mourning figures ) walk as if part of a funeral procession . The figures were designed by Sluter and became widely influential in the following decades . Philip 's son , John the Fearless ( d. 1419 ) commissioned a similar tomb and set of figures for both himself and his wife , Margaret of Bavaria . Their monuments were not completed and installed until 1470 , however pleurants designed for them surpassed those in Philip 's tomb and are arguably better know today . Jean , Duke of Berry ( d. 1416 ) commissioned a similar work for his burial , and later again Sluter 's work on Philip 's tomb inspired the well known Mourners of Dijon , crafted a generation later .
Today both Philip and John 's tombs are housed in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Dijon .
Commission and attribution
Philip acquired the domain of Champmol , on the west outskirts of Dijon , in 1378 to build the Carthusian monastery Chartreuse de Champmol as the site of his and his predecessors tombs . Although he held little personal regard for the clergy and was never keen to fund them , by the early 1390s was under significant financial pressure . In addition , he was fond of ceremony and commissioned the chapterhouse to display his religious devotion and create an appropriately ambitious sanctified place for the resting places of his dynasty . Via Philip 's investment , and the quality of successive artists he employed employed for the project , Champmol is today regarded as one of the great artistic achievements of the middle ages . Although Philip spent much of his time in Paris , Dijon had been home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th and late 15th centuries , and he wished Champmol to become its ducal palace . It 's cornerstone was laid in 1383 , and its foundational charter is dated 1385 . Champmol was dedicated to the Virgin and the Trinity in 1388 , and that year the first monks took up residence . However the charterhouse took in total over 20 years to complete and despite great expense was not finalised until Philip 's tomb was installed in 1410 .
In in 1380 , Philip commissioned Jean de Marville to `` make an alabaster sepulcher for him in Dijon '' , and in 1386 asked to eventually be buried in the choir . De Marville began to work on the tomb in 1834 , employing a number of artisans to cut and shape the alabaster for the arcades . The following year he purchased one large , and several smaller , blocks of black Dinant marble .
By 1384 de Marville had a workforce of around 10 craftsmen , all of whom were masters who had progressed beyond apprenticeship . Historical records that by 1386 he had at least thirteen fully qualified craftsmen , including two specialist polishers brought in from Paris . Work proceeded slowly , and by the Duke 's death in 1404 , only two mourners and the framework were complete . Philip 's son John the Fearless , assumed control of the project and gave Sluter , who had been Philip 's chief sculptor since 1389 , four years to finish the tomb , but the artist died within two years . Sluter 's nephew and assistant , Claus de Werve took over and finished the sculptures in 1410 . By 1837 , the arcade around the base was largely complete and assembled .
The polychrome effigies were painted by Jean Malouel .
Van Eram 's main contribution was in adding to outlines of the capitals above the mourners . Sluter designed the mourners themselves , the cherubs above them , and the detail in the arches of the niches . By then the work seems to have been under Sluter 's ownership since 1397 , and the preparatory work was brought to Champmol , in Paris , where the final masonry work began . Reflecting the fact that the designated area would never have been large to contain the number of tombs that Philip had envisioned , in 1402 the monument had become so large that Sluter was forced to break through the wall around the designated area .
Philip 's wife Margaret III , Countess of Flanders died in 1405 , but had stipulated that her remains would be laid with those of her parents in Lille .
Philip was buried in a cellar beneath the choir on 16 June 1404 ( although his organs were sent to the church of Saint Martin at Halle ) . In 1792 , his body was re-interred at Dijon Cathedral . The following year Champmol was destroyed and the tomb damaged by revolutionaries and looters . It was restored in the first half of the 19th century .
Description
Slab and effigy
The monument is formed from alabaster , marble , gilt and paint . The upper reliefs contain Philip 's sarcophagus effigy , set against highly polished back Tournai stone , purchased by Sluter in 1391 . Philip is shown in repose , with his eyes open and his hands upright and clasped in prayer . An angel with gilded wings holds a cushion , formed from black marble slab , for his head . A lion rests at his feet . The silver plate with painted bright red overtones helmet was probably designed by de Werve and finished by Sluter .
The emphasis on the mourning figures indicates that Philip was more concerned with the loss to his reign , rather than his physical and spiritual transience into heavenly realms . His effigy was destroyed by Napoleonic troops in 1793 , but recreated in 1825 based on portrait prints . Of the original parts of his effigy , only the hands remain intact .
The slab of John the Fearless ' and his wife 's tomb is also constructed from white and black marble , and is similarly decorated with painted highlights in blue , red and gold .
The extensive inscriptions below the slab record his identity , position , and date of death : `` VERY NOBLE AND POWERFUL PRINCE AND FOUNDER OF THIS CHURCH ... WHO PASSED AWAY AT HALLE IN BRABANT ON THE XXVIITH DAY OF APRIL , YEAR OF OUR LORD ONE THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND FOUR '' .
Mourners
The pleurants ( or `` mourners '' , the word translates in English to `` weepers '' ) are regarded by art historians as by far the most interesting aspect of the tomb , and among Claus Sluter 's finest work . A total of 40 mourners , each measuring between 39 to 42 cm in height stand in pairs in elaborate Gothic niches below the slab , arranged as if in procession . Their presence serves to illustrate the grieving of the living , rather than emphasise Philip 's physical transience . When Philip was being returned to Dijon following his death in Brussels , a group of around 100 paupers were paid to dress wear mourning cloaks and greet his body outside the city .
The mourners are grouped in a procession of one or two figures , led by a priest and two choirboys carrying holy water , an acolyte , a deacon and bishop , three cantors and two Carthusian monks . Behind these clerics are members of Philip 's family and close members of his court . Although each mourner is given an individualised face , none can be considered as portraits of actual courtiers . According to the art historian Jeffrey Chipps Smith , de Marville and Sluter placed them on an elevated black marble platform so that their mourning features would be more visible .
Three pleurants were lost when Champmol was plundered by Napoleonic troops in 1793 . The others were returned in the following century from either French state or private collections . Of the three , two ( mourners 18 and 35 ) are long assumed to have been lost , while mourner 17 is thought to have survived in a private collection . In the original arrangement , angles were placed at either side of the arcade .
Condition and influence
The charterhouse at Champmol was sacked and burned during the French Revolution , when the tomb was dismantled and some of its parts destroyed . Today both Philip and John 's tombs are housed in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Dijon . The slabs and effigies are in poor condition , with parts , especially round the feet , now lost . The effigies were reconstructed in 1819 , in a project lead by the architect Claude Siant-Pere , having been in the Salle des Gardes , Paris , since 1827 . They were further restored in the early 21st century .
The style of a arcade with near life sized pleurants carrying a royal effigy became highly influential amongst contemporary sculptures , and can be seen in the monument for Philip 's son John , the tombs of Isabella of Bourbon , Marguerite of Bourbon , Philippe Pot ( d. 1493 ) , and John , Duke of Berry .
Gallery
References
Sources
Antoine , Elisabeth . Art from the Court of Burgundy : The Patronage of Philip the Bold and John the Fearless , 1364-1419 . Seattle ( WA ) : University of Washington , 2005 .
Jugie , Sophie . The Mourners : Tomb Sculpture from the Court of Burgundy . Paris : First Edition , 2010 .
Fossi , Gloria . Romanesque & Gothic . London : Sterling , 2008 .
Moffitt , John F. `` Sluter 's 'Pleurants ' and Timanthes ' 'Tristitia Velata ' : Evolution of , and Sources for a Humanist Topos of Mourning '' . Artibus et Historiae , vol . 26 , no . 51 , 2005 .
Morand , Kathleen . Claus Sluter : Artist at the Court of Burgundy . London : Harvey Miller , 1991 .
Morand , Kathleen . `` 'Les Pleurants dans l'Art du Moyen Age en Europe ' at Dijon '' . Burlington Magazine , volume 113 , No . 823 , 1971. pp . 620-624 .
Nicholas , Napoli . The Ethics of Ornament in Early Modern Naples . New York : Routledge , 2015 .
Nash , Susie . `` The Two Tombs of Philip the Bold '' . Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes , vol . LXXXII , 2019
Nash , Susie . Northern Renaissance art . Oxford : Oxford University Press , 2008 .
Panofsky , Irvin . Tomb Sculpture . London : Harry Abrams , 1964 .
Porras , Stephanie . Art of the Northern Renaissance : Courts , Commerce and Devotion . London : Laurence King Publishing , 2018 .
Reeves , Matthew . `` A Reconsideration of the Tomb of Jean de Berry for the Sainte-Chapelle at Bourges , its Inception , Revision and Reconstruction '' . Medieval History , Medieval Studies .
Sadler , Donna . Stone , Flesh , Spirit : The Entombment of Christ in Late Medieval Burgundy . Brill , 2015 .
Smith , Jeffrey Chipps . The Northern Renaissance ( Art and Ideas ) . London : Phaidon Press , 2004 .
Woods , Kim ( ed ) . Making Renaissance Art . Yale University Press , 2007 .
Funerary art
Gothic sculptures
Tombs in France
A composite plate is basically a plate made out of composite materials , i.e . a resin and a fibre . Its mechanical evaluation is more detailed than a normal isotropic plate as it has different material properties in different directions . Composite materials are very light and strong and hence much used in aircraft and spacecraft industries . They are also readily available .
Composites are further divided into main two classifications , namely resin and matrix material .
References
Composite materials
The Catholic Church in Ghana is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome .
, there were 2.7 million Catholics in Ghana , or 12.6 % of its population . The country is divided into 20 dioceses including four archdioceses and 1 Vicariate .
Accra
Ho
Jasikan
Keta–Akatsi
Koforidua
Donkorkrom
Cape Coast
Sekondi–Takoradi
Wiawso
Kumasi
Goaso
Konongo–Mampong
Obuasi
Sunyani
Techiman
Tamale
Damongo
Navrongo–Bolgatanga
Wa
Yendi
References and notes
Traité de mécanique céleste ( ) is a five-volume treatise on celestial mechanics written by Pierre-Simon Laplace and published from 1798 to 1825 with a second edition in 1829 . In 1842 , the government of Louis Philippe gave a grant of 40,000 francs for a 7-volume national edition of the Oeuvres de Laplace ( 1843–1847 ) ; the Traité de mécanique céleste with its four supplements occupies the first 5 volumes .
Tome I . ( 1798 )
Livre I . Des lois générales de l'équilibre et du mouvement
Chap . I . De l'équilibre et de la composition des forces qui agissent sur un point matériel
Chap . II . Du mouvement d'un point matériel
Chap . III . De l'équilibre d'un système de corps
Chap . IV . De l'équilibre des fluides
Chap . V. Principes généraux du mouvement d'un système de corps
Chap . VI . Des lois du mouvement d'un système de corps , dans toutes les relations mathématiquement possibles entre la force et la vitesse
Chat . VII . Des mouvemens d'un corps solide de figure quelconque
Chap . VIII . Du mouvement des fluides
Livre II . De la loi pesanteur universelle , et du mouvement des centres de gravité des corps célestes
Tome II . ( 1798 )
Livre III . De la figure des corps céleste
Livre IV . Des oscillations de la mer et de l'atmosphère
Livre V. Des mouvemens des corps célestes , autour de leurs propre centres de gravité
Tome III . ( 1802 )
Livre VI . Théorie particulières des mouvemens célestes
Livre VII . Théorie de la lune
Tome IV . ( 1805 )
Livre VIII . Théorie des satellites de Jupiter , de Saturne et d'Uranus
Livre IX . Théorie des comètes
Livre X. Sur différens points relatifs au système du monde
Tome V. ( 1825 )
Livre XI . De la figure et de la rotation de la terre
Livre XII . De l'attraction et de la répulsion des sphères , et des lois de l'equilibre et du mouvement des fluides élastiques
Livre XIII . Des oscillations des fluides qui recouvrent les planètes
Livre XIV . Des mouvemens des corps célestes autour de leurs centres de gravité
Livre XV . Du mouvement des planètes et des comètes
Livre XVI . Du mouvement des satellites
English translations
During the early nineteenth century at least five English translations of Mécanique Céleste were published . In 1814 the Reverend John Toplis prepared a translation of Book 1 entitled The Mechanics of Laplace . Translated with Notes and Additions . In 1821 Thomas Young anonymously published a further translation into English of the first book ; beyond just translating from French to English he claimed in the preface to have translated the style of mathematics : The translator flatters himself , however , that he has not expressed the author 's meaning in English words alone , but that he has rendered it perfectly intelligible to any person , who is conversant with the English mathematicians of the old school only , and that his book will serve as a connecting link between the geometrical and algebraical modes of representation.The Reverend Henry Harte , a fellow at Trinity College , Dublin translated the entire first volume of Mécanique Céleste , with Book 1 published in 1822 and Book 2 published separately in 1827 . Similarly to Bowditch ( see below ) , Harte felt that Laplace 's exposition was too brief , making his work difficult to understand : ... it may be safely asserted , that the chief obstacle to a more general knowledge of the work , arises from the summary manner in which the Author passes over the intermediate steps in several of his most interesting investigations .
Bowditch 's translation
The famous American mathematician Nathaniel Bowditch translated the first four volumes of the Traité de mécanique céleste but not the fifth volume ; however , Bowditch did make use of relevant portions of the fifth volume in his extensive commentaries for the first four volumes .
Somerville 's translation
In 1826 , it was still felt by Henry Brougham , president of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge , that the British reader was lacking a readable translation of Mécanique Céleste . He thus approached Mary Somerville , who began to prepare a translation which would `` explain to the unlearned the sort of thing it is - the plan , the vast merit , the wonderful truths unfolded or methodized - and the calculus by which all this is accomplished '' . In 1830 , John Herschel wrote to Somerville and enclosed a copy of Bowditch 's 1828 translation of Volume 1 which Herschel had just received . Undeterred , Somerville decided to continue with the preparation of her own work as she felt the two translations differed in their aims ; whereas Bowditch 's contained an overwhelming number of footnotes to explain each mathematical step , Somerville instead wished to state and demonstrate the results as clearly as possible .
A year later , in 1831 , Somerville 's translation was published under the title Mechanism of the Heavens . It received great critical acclaim , with complimentary reviews appearing in the Quarterly Review , the Edinburgh Review , and the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
References
External links
Translation by Nathaniel Bowditch
Volume I , 1829
Volume II , 1832
Volume III , 1834
Volume IV , 1839 with a memoir of the translator by his son
Historical physics publications
Physics books
Mathematics books
1798 non-fiction books
French books
Celestial mechanics
Sonthofen is the southernmost town of Germany , located in the Oberallgäu region of the Bavarian Alps . Neighbouring Oberstdorf is situated 14 km farther south but is not classified as a town . In 2005 , Sonthofen was awarded `` Alpenstadt des Jahres '' ( Alpine city of the year ) . The town has 21,300 inhabitants ( as of 31 December 2015 ) .
Sonthofen is widely known for its milk and cheese products and as a tourist destination .
History
Findings show that the Sonthofen area was already inhabited from the Stone Age to the Roman Empire . In the 6th/7th century , Germanic Alamans settled in the area at the foot of the Kalvarienberg . On the top of the hill , one suspects an old Thing site .
Sonthofen was first mentioned in a document in 1145 . It had held the market right with important proprietary rights since 1429 .
In 1803 , when the Prince-Bishopric of Augsburg was mediatised , Sonthofen came to Bavaria . In 1804 Sonthof Castle becomes the seat of a Bavarian Landgericht ( regional court ) responsible for justice and administration .
In 1963 the previous market town of Sonthofen is given the town charter . In 1972 Sonthofen becomes the county seat of the newly formed district of Oberallgäu .
In World War II Sonthofen was bombed twice because Adolf Hitler had built the Ordensburg Sonthofen , where young boys were trained for service in Nazi Party organizations . The `` Ordensburg '' was not destroyed in the war . From 1946 to 1948 it was home to the United States Constabulary school , from May 1951 through February 1952 , was used by the United States Air Force in Europe as a basic training center , and from 1956-2009 the German Bundeswehr located its Military Police ( Feldjäger ) and Staff Service School there . The German Army 's NBC Defence School ( ABC-Abwehr- und Selbstschutzschule ) is located in another barracks in Sonthofen .
Main sights
Green areas
Ökokurpark ( ecological spa park ) : Next to the Kalvarienberg is the ecological spa park on a steep terrain . It houses a wetland biotope , native plants and information boards on flora and fauna .
Another park is located in the so-called G'hau an der Iller , where there is also a miniature golf course and a playground .
Buildings
Burgruine Fluhenstein ( castle ruin ) , 1361 and around 1500/01
The Catholic church St. Michael is located below the Kalvarienberg . Predecessor buildings probably already existed in the 9th century .
The Old School was turned into a town hall by the prince-bishop of Augsburg in 1472 . Today it is used as a music school and public library .
Natural monuments
The Starzlachklamm ( a gorge ) near the district Winkel , since 1932 accessible for hikers
Museum
Heimathaus Sonthofen : history and culture of the region
Gallery
Economy
Dairy farming and tourism are of supraregional importance . Major employers are also the Bundeswehr ( German Armed Forces ) and various medium-sized , mainly metalworking industrial companies .
Notable people
Eugen Albrecht ( 1872–1908 ) , pathologist
Philip Bester , Canadian tennis player , born in Sonthofen
Michael Buthe , artist
Michael Endres , pianist
Josef Enzensberger , ( 1914–1975 ) , Luftwaffe Fighter Ace 1939–1945 , born in Sonthofen
Herbert Knaup , actor , born in Sonthofen
Hardy Krüger , actor , spent his childhood in Sonthofen
Robert Schraudolph , artist
Winfried G. Sebald , writer , lived in Sonthofen from 1948 to 1963
Awards and associations
With other Alpine towns , Sonthofen engages in the Alpine Town of the Year Association for the implementation of the Alpine Convention to achieve sustainable development in the Alpine Arc . Sonthofen was awarded Alpine Town of the Year 2005 .
References
External links
Official Sonthofen website
Postal History of Sonthofen
History of Sonthofen , in German
Alpine city of the year , Sonthofen , 2005
Ski areas and resorts in Germany
Oberallgäu
ROF Fazakerley was a Royal Ordnance Factory rifle manufacturing plant in Fazakerley , Liverpool , which manufactured small arms such as the Sten and Sterling submachine guns and Lee–Enfield rifle during and after World War II .
ROF Fazakerley and ROF Maltby were established before World War II to increase arms production facilities in areas less vulnerable to aerial attack . The main Royal Small Arms Factory for rifle manufacture was in Enfield , London .
References
Buildings and structures in Liverpool
Military history of Lancashire
Royal Ordnance Factories in England
Engineering ROF
1930s in Liverpool
1940s in Liverpool
Jaan ( Joann ) Hargel ( 30 November 1912 – 30 January 1966 ) was an Estonian conductor , music teacher , oboe and flute player .
Education and career as an instrumentalist
Jaan Hargel 's life as a musician began at the orchestra of Tallinn Secondary School of Science and continued at other orchestras in Tallinn where he played the piccolo , the flute , the oboe or the English horn . In 1940 he graduated from Tallinn Conservatoire ( now the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre ) specialising in oboe in the class of Mikhail Prokofiev . During his studies , he also furthered his education at Helsinki Conservatoire ( now the Sibelius Academy ) under Professor Eero Viiki and played in the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra . From 1934–37 and 1941–44 , he worked in the orchestra of the Estonia Theatre ( now the Estonian National Opera ) and from 1937–41 in the Symphony Orchestra of the State Broadcasting Company ( now the Estonian National Symphony Orchestra ) .
Career as a conductor
In 1944 , Jaan Hargel was invited to play in the orchestra of the Vanemuine Theatre where , in the difficult post-war years , he could soon try his hand at conducting . His debut as a conductor was in 1944 with August Kitzberg 's drama Before Cock 's Crow with incidental music by Richard Ritsing . This was soon followed by Leo Fall 's operetta Der fidele Bauer and the first opera – Eugen Kapp 's Flames of Revenge ( 1945 ) . Conducting at the Vanemuine became Jaan Hargel 's life 's work – 22 years in total ( 1944–66 ) , including six seasons ( 1946–52 ) as the principal conductor of the theatre .
More than 70 operas , ballets and operettas were staged at the Vanemuine under Jaan Hargel 's conduction . His role at staging original works of Estonian music needs particular emphasis . He conducted the first productions of the Edgar Arro and Leo Normet 's operetta Rummu Jüri ( 1954 ) , Boris Kõrver 's operetta Just a Dream ( 1955 ) and Gustav Ernesaks ' opera Suitors from Mulgimaa ( 1960 ) , which was played more than 130 times . Evald Aav 's opera Vikings acquired particular significance for him . It was staged at the Vanemuine in 1955 with an orchestration renewed by him . Four years later , under his conduction , it became the first opera that was recorded in full in Estonia . Jaan Hargel orchestrated Gustav Ernesaks ' opera Suitors from Mulgimaa and participated in making the new versions of Ernesaks ' operas Baptism of Fire and Hand in Hand ( with the new title Mari and Mihkel ) . The latter , conducted by Jaan Hargel , also completed the 1965 Song Festival in Tallinn as an open-air performance .
A lot of positive feedback was given to Jaan Hargel 's conduction of Rossini 's opera Il barbiere di Siviglia ( 1946 ) , Mozart 's Die Zauberflöte ( 1948 ) , Leoncavallo 's I pagliacci ( 1949 ) , Tchaikovsky 's Iolanta ( 1951 ) , Verdi 's Aida ( 1961 ) , d'Albert 's Tiefland ( 1963 ) , and a number of extremely popular operettas , e.g . Strauss ' Die Fledermaus ( 1949 ) , Hervé 's Mam'zelle Nitouche ( 1957 ) , Raymond 's Maske in Blau ( 1958 ) , Kitzberg 's farce with Eduard Oja 's music Taylor Õhk and His Winning Lottery Ticket ( 1962 ) , which in Hargel 's lifetime was played for almost 140 times , and one of the most successful ballet productions of the Vanemuine throughout the times – Peer Gynt to Grieg 's music ( 1959 ) . Jaan Hargel 's last production at the Vanemuine was Nicolai 's opera Die lustige Weiber von Windsor ( 1965 ) , which he could conduct for only a few times before his early death .
In addition to theatre music , Jaan Hargel conducted symphony concerts and , if necessary , performed as a flute player under other conductors at symphony concerts or substituting for orchestra members who had fallen ill .
Career as a teacher
Along with being a conductor and instrumentalist , he also worked as a music teacher until the end of his life . From 1940–44 , he worked as an oboe teacher at Tallinn Conservatoire where his best-known student was Herman Talmre , the long-time principal oboist with the Estonian Radio Symphony Orchestra ( now the Estonian National Symphony Orchestra ) . From 1946–49 , he taught at Tartu Teachers ' Training Institute ( now the Institute of Educational Science at the University of Tartu ) and from 1948–66 at Tartu Music School ( now Tartu Heino Eller Music School ) where his students were Heldur Värv , Alo Põldmäe ( oboe ) , Jaan Õun , Peeter Rööp ( flute ) , Ilmar Aasmets ( bassoon ) , etc .
Personal
Jaan Hargel 's father Jaan Hargel ( 1887–1962 ) , afterwards changed his name to Hargla , was an actor at Tallinn Drama Theatre , ballroom dancing instructor , football and athletics referee ; his wife Alvi Hargel , up to 1947 Tilk ( 1911–1995 ) , was a singer ( mezzo-soprano ) at the Vanemuine Theatre ; his son Jaan Hargel ( 1948-2010 ) was an interior architect ; his son Jüri Hargel ( 1952 ) is a flautist and flute teacher .
Awards
Estonian champion in water polo , 1928 and 1929 .
White Cross of the Third Class of the Estonian Defence League , 1939 .
Merited Art Worker of the Estonian SSR , 1965 .
Recordings
LP Evald Aav . Opera Vikings . Scenes and arias . Melodiya , 1961 .
CD Evald Aav . Opera Vikings . SE & JS , 1997 .
CD Conductor Jaan Hargel . Compiled and produced by Jüri Hargel , 2012 .
Numerous recordings in the archives of Estonian Public Broadcasting .
Media coverage
Aare Allikvee . Põhitöö , „ kohakaaslus “ , kõrvalharrastused . Edasi , 26 May 1963 .
Elmar Uuk . ... on lõpuni kirjutatud . Edasi , 2 February 1966 .
Malle Elvet . „ Tal oli täpne avalöök ja suurepärane muusikatunnetus “ . Muusikaleht , November 1997 .
Tiiu Levald . Helisalvestis kui fakt , mälu toetaja ja tulevikusõnum . Sirp , 8 March 2013 .
1912 births
1966 deaths
Musicians from Tallinn
People from the Governorate of Estonia
Estonian conductors ( music )
Estonian flautists
Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre alumni
20th-century conductors ( music )
20th-century Estonian musicians
Soviet conductors ( music )
Mount Pisgah ( in French : Mont Pisgah ) is a mountain on the border between the Canadian province of Quebec , in the region of Estrie , and the American state of Maine ( United States United ) , which is part of the Appalachian Mountains ; it rises to of altitude .
Geography
The mountain , located in part in the municipality of Saint-Augustin-de-Woburn , southeast of lac aux Araignées , is crossed by the Canada-United States border . The southern flank slopes medium down to the ( ) , which is crossed by the northern branch of the Dead River .
Toponymy
The toponym `` Mont Pisgah '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
Notes and references
Appalachian summits
Mountains of Franklin County , Maine
Summits of Estrie
Le Granit Regional County Municipality
Canada–United States border
One-thousanders of Quebec
Maximin ( born at Silly near Poitiers ; — Poitiers 12 September 346 ) was the sixth bishop of Trier . Maximin was an opponent of Arianism , and was supported by the courts of Constantine II and Constans , who harboured as an honored guest Athanasius twice during his exile from Alexandria , in 336–37 and again in 343 . In the Arian controversy he had begun in the party of Paul I of Constantinople ; however , he took part in the synod of Sardica convoked by Pope Julius I ( ca . 342 ) , and when four Arian bishops consequently came from Antioch to Trier with the purpose of winning Emperor Constans to their side , Maximinus refused to receive them and induced the emperor to reject their proposals .
Veneration
Maximin was interred in the cemetery outside the northern gate of Trier , where his remains were joined by later bishops in the multi-chambered crypt of a church dedicated to John the Evangelist , later rededicated as St. Maximin 's Abbey , Trier . Gregory of Tours already attests to the cult of Maximin in the church of Saint John Evangelist and the cult offered at his grave . The Abbey – destroyed by Normans in 882 , and rebuilt , then entirely re-built in the 1680s , secularised in 1802 , bombed in World War II and since largely demolished – was one of the oldest in western Europe .
In iconology Maximin was portrayed as a bishop , with book , model of a church , and , borrowing from the legend of Corbinian , a bear carrying Maximin 's travelling pack . As a patron , Maximin was invoked as protection against perjury , loss at sea and destructive rains . His cultus was strongest in the region around Trier and in Alsace .
Medieval legend conflated him with Maximinus of Aix ( ) , who was added to the Seventy Apostles referred to in the Gospel of Luke . That Maximinus was said to have accompanied Mary Magdalene and a company of the faithful to Aix-en-Provence , miraculously sped by a frail boat without a rudder or a mast . After Maximinus became the first Bishop of Aix-en-Provence Mary retired to the `` right sharp desert '' nearby for thirty years before being found and retrieved by Maximin just before her death . The thirteenth-century telling of the legend can be read in William Caxton 's English translation of Jacobus de Voragine 's Golden Legend In fact this part of the legend is lifted from the Eastern story of Mary of Egypt and Zosimas of Palestine . The cultus of Mary Magdalene and this Maximin in Provence was centered at Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume . Other communes in France named Saint-Maximin commemorate one or the other saints named Maximin .
See also
Saint Maximin of Trier , patron saint archive
Notes
External links
Bistum Trier Official website of the Diocese of Trier
Ökumenisches Heiligenlexikon : `` Maximin von Trier ''
( Ekkart Sauser ) Schaff-Herzog , Biographisch-Bibliographische Kirchenlexikon : `` Maximinus ''
Year of birth unknown
346 deaths
4th-century bishops in Germania
4th-century Christian saints
Saints of Germania
Gallo-Roman saints
Roman Catholic bishops of Trier
Old Ties is an album by American musician Norman Blake , released in 2002 .
Track listing
`` Spanish Fandango '' ( Traditional ) – 3:49
`` Church St. Blues '' ( Norman Blake ) – 2:54
`` Sleepy Eyed Joe/Indian Creek '' ( Traditional ) – 3:38
`` O'Malley 's Tune '' ( Traditional ) – 2:30
`` Fifty Miles of Elbow Room '' ( A. P. Carter ) – 3:49
`` Down Home Summertime Blues '' ( Blake ) – 3:42
`` Blind Dog '' ( Blake ) – 2:55
`` Fiddler 's Dram/Whiskey Before Breakfast '' ( Traditional ) – 3:35
`` Old Ties '' ( Uncle Dave Macon ) – 4:26
`` Lost Indian '' ( Traditional ) – 3:08
`` Ginseng Sullivan '' ( Traditional ) – 3:31
`` Obc , No . 3 '' ( Blake ) – 5:48
`` Prettiest Little Girl in the Country '' ( Traditional ) – 2:17
`` Uncle '' ( Blake ) – 4:34
`` Bristol in the Bottle '' ( Blake ) – 2:05
`` Billy Gray '' ( Blake ) – 4:07
`` The Fields of November '' ( Blake ) – 4:06
`` Gon na Lay Down My Old Guitar '' ( Alton Delmore , Rabon Delmore ) – 3:34
`` Randall Collins/Done Gone '' ( Blake ) – 6:06
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar , fiddle , vocals
Nancy Blake – guitar , cello
Tony Rice – guitar , vocals
Doc Watson – guitar
James Bryan – fiddle
Charlie Collins – fiddle , guitar
Ben Pedigoe – banjo
References
Norman Blake ( American musician ) albums
2002 compilation albums
Polycestina is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following species :
Polycestina damarana ( Kerremans , 1906 )
Polycestina kameli Neef de Sainval , 2002
Polycestina quaturodecimmaculata ( Fahraeus , 1851 )
References
Buprestidae genera
In astronomy , the Hills cloud ( also called the inner Oort cloud and inner cloud ) is a vast theoretical circumstellar disc , interior to the Oort cloud , whose outer border would be located at around 20,000 to 30,000 astronomical units ( AU ) from the Sun , and whose inner border , less well defined , is hypothetically located at , well beyond planetary and Kuiper Belt object orbits—but distances might be much greater . If it exists , the Hills cloud contains roughly 5 times as many comets as the Oort cloud .
Overview
The need for the Hills cloud hypothesis is intimately connected with the dynamics of the Oort cloud : Oort cloud comets are continually perturbed in their environment . A non-negligible fraction leave the Solar System , or tumble into the inner system where they evaporate , or fall into the Sun or gas giants . Hence , the Oort cloud should have been depleted long ago , but it is still well supplied with comets .
The Hills cloud hypothesis addresses the persistence of the Oort cloud by postulating a densely populated , inner-Oort region—the `` Hills cloud '' . Objects ejected from the Hills cloud are likely to end up in the classical Oort cloud region , maintaining the Oort cloud . It is likely that the Hills cloud has the largest concentration of comets in the whole Solar System .
The existence of the Hills cloud is plausible , since many bodies have been found there already . It should be denser than the Oort cloud . Gravitational interaction with the closest stars and tidal effects from the galaxy have given circular orbits to the comets in the Oort cloud , which may not be the case for the comets in the Hills cloud . The Hills cloud 's total mass is unknown ; some scientists think it would be many times more massive than the outer Oort cloud .
History
Original Oort cloud model
Between 1932 and 1981 , astronomers believed that the Oort cloud proposed by Ernst Öpik and Jan Oort , and the Kuiper belt were the only reserves of comets in the Solar System .
In 1932 , Estonian astronomer Ernst Öpik hypothesized that comets were rooted in a cloud orbiting the outer boundary of the Solar System . In 1950 , this idea was revived independently by Dutch astronomer Jan Oort to explain an apparent contradiction : Comets are destroyed after several passes through the inner Solar System , so if any had existed for several billion years ( since the beginning of the Solar System ) , no more could be observed now .
Oort selected 46 comets for his study that were best observed between 1850 and 1952 . The distribution of the reciprocal of the semi-major axes showed a maximum frequency which suggested the existence of a reservoir of comets between away . This reservoir , located at the limits of the Sun 's sphere of influence ( astrodynamics ) , would be subject to stellar disturbances , likely to expel cloud comets outwards or impel them inwards .
New model
In the 1980s , astronomers realized that the main cloud could have an internal section that would start at about 3,000 AU from the Sun and continue up to the classic cloud at 20,000 AU . Most estimates place the population of the Hills cloud at about 20 trillion ( about five to ten times that of the outer cloud ) , although the number could be ten times greater than that .
The main model of an `` inner cloud '' was proposed in 1981 by the astronomer Jack G. Hills , from the Los Alamos Laboratory , who gave the region its name . He calculated that the passage of a star near the Solar System could have caused extinctions on Earth , triggering a `` comet rain '' .
His research suggested that the orbits of most cloud comets have a semi-major axis of 10,000 AU , much closer to the Sun than the proposed distance of the Oort cloud . Moreover , the influence of the surrounding stars and that of the galactic tide should have sent the Oort cloud comets either closer to the Sun or outside of the Solar System . To account for these issues , Hills proposed the presence of an inner cloud , which would have tens or hundreds of times as many comet nuclei as the outer halo . Thus , it would be a possible source of new comets to resupply the tenuous outer cloud .
In the following years other astronomers searched for the Hills cloud and studied long-period comets . This was the case with Sidney van den Bergh and Mark E. Bailey , who each suggested the Hills cloud 's structure in 1982 and 1983 , respectively . In 1986 , Bailey stated that the majority of comets in the Solar System were located not in the Oort cloud area , but closer and in an internal cloud , with an orbit with a semi-major axis of 5,000 AU . The research was further expanded upon by studies of Victor Clube and Bill Napier ( 1987 ) , and by R. B. Stothers ( 1988 ) .
However , the Hills cloud gained major interest in 1991 , when scientists resumed Hills ' theory .
Characteristics
Structure and composition
Oort cloud comets are constantly disturbed by their surroundings and distant objects . A significant number either leave the Solar System or go much closer to the Sun . The Oort cloud should therefore have broken apart long ago , but it still remains intact . The Hills cloud proposal could provide an explanation ; J. G. Hills and other scientists suggest that it could replenish the comets in the outer Oort cloud .
It is also likely that the Hills cloud is the largest concentration of comets across the Solar System . The Hills cloud should be much denser than the outer Oort cloud : If it exists , it is somewhere between 5,000 and 20,000 AU in size . In contrast , the Oort cloud is between in size .
The mass of the Hills cloud is not known . Some scientists believe it could be five times more massive than the Oort cloud . Mark E. Bailey estimates the mass of the Hills cloud to be 13.8 Earth masses , if the majority of the bodies are located at 10,000 AU .
If the analyses of comets are representative of the whole , the vast majority of Hills cloud objects consists of various ices , such as water , methane , ethane , carbon monoxide and hydrogen cyanide . However , the discovery of the object , an asteroid on a typical orbit of a long-period comet , suggests that the cloud may also contain rocky objects .
The carbon analysis and isotopic ratios of nitrogen firstly in the comets of the families of the Oort cloud and the other in the body of the Jupiter area shows little difference between the two , despite their distinctly remote areas . This suggests that both come from a protoplanetary disk , a conclusion also supported by studies of comet cloud sizes and the recent impact study of comet Tempel 1 .
Formation
Many scientists think that the Hills cloud formed from a close ( 800 AU ) encounter between the Sun and another star within the first 800 million years of the Solar System , which could explain the eccentric orbit of 90377 Sedna , which should not be where it is , being neither influenced by Jupiter nor Neptune , nor tidal effects . It is then possible that the Hills cloud would be `` younger '' than the Oort cloud . However , only Sedna and two other sednoids ( and 541132 Leleākūhonua ) bear those irregularities ; for and this theory is not necessary , because both orbit close to the Solar System 's gas giants .
Possible Hills cloud objects
Bodies in the Hills cloud are made mostly of water ice , methane and ammonia . Astronomers suspect many long-period comets originate from the Hills cloud , such as Comet Hyakutake .
In their article announcing the discovery of Sedna , Mike Brown and his colleagues asserted that they observed the first Oort cloud object . They observed that , unlike scattered disc objects like Eris , Sedna 's perihelion ( 76 AU ) was too remote for the gravitational influence of Neptune to have played a role in its evolution . The authors regarded Sedna as an `` inner Oort cloud object '' , located along the Ecliptic and placed between the Kuiper belt and the more spherical part of the Oort cloud . However , Sedna is much closer to the Sun than expected for objects in the Hills cloud and its inclination is close to that of the planets and the Kuiper belt .
Considerable mystery surrounds , with its retrograde orbit that could make it originate from the Hills cloud or perhaps the Oort cloud . The same goes for damocloids , whose origins are doubtful , such as the namesake for this category , 5335 Damocles .
Comets
Astronomers suspect that several comets come from the same region as the Hills cloud ; in particular , they focus on those with aphelia greater than 1,000 AU ( which are thus from a farther region than the Kuiper belt ) , but less than 10,000 AU ( or they would otherwise be too close to the outer Oort cloud ) .
Some famous comets reach great distances and are candidates for Hills cloud objects . For example , Comet Lovejoy , discovered on 15 March 2007 by Australian astronomer Terry Lovejoy , had an inbound aphelion distance of around 1,800 AU . Comet Hyakutake , discovered in 1996 by amateur astronomer Yuji Hyakutake , has an outbound aphelion of 3,500 AU . Comet McNaught , discovered on 7 August 2006 in Australia by Robert H. McNaught , became one of the brightest comets of recent decades , with an aphelion of 4,100 AU . Comet Machholz , discovered on 27 August 2004 by amateur astronomer Donald Machholz , came from about 5,000 AU .
Sedna , the first candidate
Sedna is a minor planet discovered by Michael E. Brown , Chad Trujillo and David L. Rabinowitz on 14 November 2003 . Spectroscopic measures show that its surface composition is similar to that of other trans-Neptunian objects : It is mainly composed of a mixture of water ices , methane , and nitrogen with tholins . Its surface is one of the reddest in the Solar System .
This may be the first detection of a Hills cloud object , depending on the definition used . The area of the Hills cloud is defined as any objects with orbits measuring between 1,500 and 10,000 AU .
Sedna is , however , much closer than the supposed distance of the Hills cloud . The planetoid discovered at a distance of about from the Sun , travels in an elliptical orbit of 11,400 years with a perihelion point of only 76 AU from the Sun during its closest approach ( the next to occur in 2076 ) , and travels out to 936 AU at its farthest point .
However , Sedna is not considered a Kuiper belt object , because its orbit does not bring it into the region of the Kuiper belt at 50 AU . Sedna is a `` detached object '' , and thus is not in a resonance with Neptune .
Trans-Neptunian object was announced on 26 March 2014 and has a similar orbit to Sedna with a perihelion point significantly detached from Neptune . Its orbit lies between 80 and 400 AU from the Sun .
Footnotes
References
Further reading
External links
Hypothetical trans-Neptunian objects
Minor planets
Trans-Neptunian region
Astronomical hypotheses
Comets
Circumstellar disks
Bel Ami is a 1983 French language television miniseries adaptation of Guy de Maupassant 's 1885 novel Bel-Ami . Written by Pierre Moustiers , the two episode series was directed by Pierre Cardinal . The cast included Jacques Weber as Georges Duroy , Aurore Clément as Madeleine Forestier , Michel Auclair as M. Walter , Anne Consigny as Suzanne , Rosette as Rachel , Denis Manuel as Charles Forestier , Micheline Bona as Mme La Roche Mathieu , Johan Corbeau as L'évêque , Dominique Daguier as Le lithographe , and Jacques Deloir as Langremont .
References
External links
French drama television series
Works based on Bel-Ami
KCXX may refer to :
KCXX ( FM ) , a radio station ( 103.9 FM ) licensed to serve Comanche , Texas , United States
KHTI , a radio station ( 103.9 FM ) licensed to serve Lake Arrowhead , California , United States , which held the call sign KCXX from 1995 to 2015
Ally Kleist Sykes ( 10 October 1926 – 19 May 2013 ) was a veteran Tanzanian politician and one of the 17 founders of the Tanganyika African National Union .
Early life and career
Ally was born on 10 October 1926 in Dar es Salaam to Kleist Sykes during the British rule of Tanganyika .
He served in the King 's African Rifles during World War II .
Personal life
He had two brothers Abulwahid and Abbas . He served as a trustee of the Tanzanian Premier League club Simba S.C .
Death and funeral
He died of heart failure on 19 May 2013 at the Aga Khan Hospital in Nairobi , Kenya and was buried the next day at the Kisutu Cemetery in Dar es Salaam . His funeral was attended by President Jakaya Kikwete , former presidents Ali Hassan Mwinyi and Benjamin Mkapa , CCM senior officials Philip Mangula and Abdulrahman Kinana .
References
External links
Ally Sykes – the Zulu who shook the colonial tree II
1926 births
2013 deaths
People from Dar es Salaam
Tanganyika African National Union politicians
Mary Cromwell , Countess Fauconberg ( 9 February 1637 ( christened ) – 14 March 1713 ) was an English noblewoman , the third daughter of Oliver Cromwell and his wife Elizabeth Bourchier .
Biography
Born in either late 1636 or early 1637 , Mary Cromwell was christened on 9 February 1637 . On 19 November 1657 she married Thomas Belasyse , 1st Earl Fauconberg , at Hampton Court , and became Countess Fauconberg . Fauconberg had been previously married to Mildred Saunderson , who had died . Lady Fauconberg 's residence in London was Fauconberg House which was on the north side of Sutton Street , and on the eastern side of Soho Square .
It has been claimed that , when her father 's body was disinterred and symbolically executed at the Restoration , Mary bribed some guards to substitute another body for Cromwell 's and to give her the real body , which she arranged to have buried at Newburgh Priory , the family seat of the Fauconbergs .
She died on 14 March 1713 in Sutton Manor at the age of 76 , and was buried on 24 March in the church of St. Nicholas Church , Chiswick , the district where she had lived since 1676 .
References
Footnotes
Sources
1630s births
1713 deaths
English countesses
Mary
17th-century English women
17th-century English nobility
18th-century English women
18th-century English nobility
Children of Oliver Cromwell
Diêu Trì is a town of Tuy Phước District , in Bình Định Province , Vietnam . It had a population of 11,671 in 1999 .
Diêu Trì is most noted for the Diêu Trì Railway Station on the North–South Railway ( Reunification Express ) which connects by a branch line to Quy Nhơn Railway Station and the city of Quy Nhơn , population of 250,000 people , ten kilometres to the east . The history of the town is closely linked with the building of railways in Vietnam , and during the French colonial period the rail yards were a target for the leafleting by independence activists .
References
Populated places in Bình Định province
Townships in Vietnam
Singles 1968–1971 is a box set compilation of singles by the Rolling Stones spanning the years 1968 to 1971 . Released in 2005 by ABKCO Records , who license the Rolling Stones ' 1963–1970 recorded works , Singles 1968–1971 was the third of three successive volumes to commemorate their non-LP releases during this era .
While the set features faithful replicas of all individual single covers ( even the CDs are reproduced in black ) , the set – and both of its predecessors – came under some criticism as to their necessity , especially as 1989 's Singles Collection : The London Years already covered this material to satisfaction . Furthermore , the last half of this collection concentrates on post-contractual material from Metamorphosis and the 2003 `` Sympathy for the Devil '' remixes by The Neptunes . However , Singles 1968–1971 does manage to include a bonus DVD of visual material of four songs that stretch the entire decade of the 1960s .
Track listing
All songs by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards , except where noted .
Disc one
`` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' – 3:38
`` Child of the Moon '' – 3:12
Disc two
`` Street Fighting Man '' – 3:09
This is the original single mix included on the 1968 American single
`` No Expectations '' – 3:55
`` Surprise Surprise '' – 2:30
`` Everybody Needs Somebody to Love '' ( Solomon Burke/Bert Russell/Jerry Wexler ) – 5:03
Disc three
`` Honky Tonk Women '' – 3:00
`` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' – 4:50
Disc four
`` Memo from Turner '' – 4:07
Released as a Mick Jagger solo single in 1970
`` Natural Magic '' ( Jack Nitzsche ) – 1:39
Ry Cooder instrumental from the film Performance
Disc five
`` Brown Sugar '' – 3:49
`` Bitch '' – 3:36
Disc six
`` Wild Horses '' – 5:42
`` Sway '' – 3:47
Disc seven
`` I Do n't Know Why '' ( Stevie Wonder/Paul Riser/Don Hunter/Lula Hardaway ) – 3:01
`` Try a Little Harder '' – 2:17
Disc eight
`` Out of Time '' – 3:22
`` Jiving Sister Fanny '' – 3:20
Disc nine
`` Sympathy for the Devil '' – 6:17
`` Sympathy for the Devil '' ( The Neptunes remix ) – 5:54
`` Sympathy for the Devil '' ( Fatboy Slim remix ) – 8:24
`` Sympathy for the Devil '' ( Full Phatt remix ) – 5:36
Bonus DVD
`` Time Is on My Side '' ( Norman Meade ) ( live on The Ed Sullivan Show )
`` Have You Seen Your Mother , Baby , Standing in the Shadow ? '' ( live , Fall 1966 )
`` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' ( promotional film )
`` Sympathy for the Devil '' ( The Neptunes remix video )
References
Albums produced by Andrew Loog Oldham
The Rolling Stones compilation albums
2005 compilation albums
ABKCO Records compilation albums
Segment 3 is an experimental theatre and film production company based in Montreal , Canada , which has been active since early 2013 .
It was founded by Dominik Pagacz , a Canadian artist known mostly for his sound work on motion pictures .
Theatro/Filmography
2013 Segment 3
2013 3hams
2013 Avec leur tact habituel
2013 3orthographies
2013 Like molten lead
2013 Their simple needs
2013 A hole in the desert
2013 To sleep
2013 Rawdon
2013 Faustus : incident # 375
2013 goodboy
2013 Arabstrap
2013 Sir , replies Monsieur
2013 3rôles
2014 Quand il vous regarde
2014 Mercitronc !
2014 All the King 's Horses
2015 Funestes oisances
References
External links
Official website
Theatre companies in Quebec
Companies based in Montreal
Film production companies of Canada
Canadian companies established in 2013
Theatre in Montreal
Talmoon is an unincorporated community in Itasca County , Minnesota , United States .
The community is located between Deer River and Big Falls at the junction of
State Highways 6 ( MN 6 ) and 286 ( MN 286 ) ; and Itasca County Road 4 ( CR 4 ) .
Talmoon is located along the boundary line between Lake Jessie Township and Marcell Township . Little Turtle Lake is in the vicinity .
The community is located within the Chippewa National Forest ; and is home to the `` oldest bar '' in Minnesota , located at Hayslip 's Corner .
Talmoon is located 19 miles north of Deer River . Nearby places include Bowstring , Marcell , Spring Lake , Bigfork , and Effie .
History
A post office operated in the community , first as Mack ( 1912–1938 ) , then as Hayslips Corner ( 1938–1939 ) , and then as Talmoon until its closing in 1954 .
Community
Local businesses include the Minnesota Energy Conservation Council , Crystal Rayne Publishing , Integrated Solutions/Advanced Technologies .
RK Construction Services is located in nearby Marcell .
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2011/2012 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Itasca County , Minnesota
The Man Who Loved Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Lin Carter , the first in his Edgar Rice Burroughs- and Leigh Brackett-inspired series The Mysteries of Mars . It was first published in paperback by Fawcett Gold Medal in March 1973 . The first British edition was published in hardcover by White Lion in August of the same year . It was reissued by Wildside Press in December 1999 . The novel has also been translated into German .
In writing the series , Carter deliberately depicted a Mars very different from that shown in increasingly detailed scientific research of Mars during the 20th Century ; specifically , that scientists doubt that any kind of life can be found there . This makes the series more of a fantasy than a science fiction .
Plot summary
Mars , a world with a culture ages older than that of Earth , is a dying world , and has been in decline for eons . By the twenty-second century it has become a colony of the younger civilization of Earth , its natives oppressed by the rapacious Colonial Authority . Some of the newcomers are sympathetic to the natives , however , notably Ivo Tengren , who befriended the last of the titular high kings of Mars before the latter 's demise . Inheriting from him both the crown and the responsibility to champion its people , Ivo led a doomed revolt against the CA , only to see it crushed and his Martian lover murdered . He himself has been deported back to Earth for his temerity and forbidden ever to return to Mars .
In exile , Tengren spends his days idly in drink and dreams until one Dr. Josip Keresny approaches him . Keresny plans an expedition to locate the lost Martian city of Ilionis , legendary `` Gateway to the Gods , '' and offers Ivo illicit passage back to the Red Planet in return for serving as guide and placating the Martians . Hopeless and passive , Ivo is not the man he once was ; nonetheless , he leaps at the chance .
The expedition proceeds , though tensions arise as Tengren develops an attraction to Keresny 's granddaughter Ilsa and a hostile rivalry with pilot Konstantin Bolgov . The party also faces hostility from the Martians , who tolerate it only on account of their `` king , '' even as they retain suspicions of him due to the debacle he led them through and his status as an Earthman . Eventually Ilionis is found . It indeed proves a gateway , to a vast system of caverns and relics of an alien technology older than anything remembered by the Martians .
Ultimately the cave system leads the explorers to the resting place of the Timeless Ones , a trio of alien survivors of the destroyed planet whose remains are now the asteroid belt . Awakened , they reveal themselves as the beings who guided the ancestors of both Martians and Earthlings on the path to sentience .
Bolgov , secretly an agent of the CA , attempts to destroy the aliens lest they free the Martians , but is thwarted . The Timeless Ones then pronounce sentence on the ruling Earthlings ; for their crimes , all must leave Mars . Their vast mental powers give them the means to enforce this edict . The detached Tengren is satisfied with the outcome until he realizes the sentence includes him , at which point he belatedly speaks up for the more benignly inclined humans . The Timeless Ones grant the exception , giving him and Ilsa the right to remain and help rebuild Martian society .
Chronology
This story was the first published in the series , preceding The Valley Where Time Stood Still , but in terms of events it comes last , following Down to a Sunless Sea .
Reception
Lester Del Rey writes `` This is by all odds the best showcase of Carter 's writing I have seen . For this type of story , his people move naturally . The color he evolves for his world is traditional , but he has made it very much his own . And the book hangs together . It 's Carter 's best to date , in my opinion , and I heartily recommend it . ''
Den Valdron , assessing the series in ERBzine , calls the book `` [ t ] he best of the series , '' and its protagonist `` fascinating ... a thoughtful but true successor to John Carter . '' He feels `` [ t ] here 's something a little extra in his Martian novels that puts them at the upper registers of Carter 's work , '' and `` commend [ s ] them to the reader . ''
J. G. Huckenpohler , also writing in ERBzine , rated the series `` among my favorites '' of Carter 's stories , considering this book `` the best of the lot '' in the series , and the series as a whole to `` show more originality '' than Carter 's Zanthodon and Callisto books .
Notes
External links
Fantastic Fiction entry
1973 American novels
1973 science fiction novels
Novels set on Mars
Novels by Lin Carter
Gold Medal Books books
Human polyomavirus 9 ( HPyV9 ) is a virus of the polyomavirus family that infects human hosts . It was discovered in 2011 and is a component of the skin flora in healthy adults .
Discovery
HPyV9 was first discovered in 2011 by generic PCR used to screen clinical samples from patients who were immunocompromised for various reasons . The virus was identified in a sample from a kidney transplant recipient and sequenced to reveal a genome of typical polyomavirus structure , particularly closely related to the African green monkey lymphotropic polyomavirus ( LPV ) . Previous studies had found up to 30 % seroprevalence of antibodies to LPV , which was interpreted as possibly indicating that LPV could infect humans as well as monkeys . Experiments revealed that LPV and HPyV9 antibodies can cross-react , supporting the hypothesis that the LPV observations represent HPyV9 seropositivity .
Taxonomy
HPyV9 was reported to have 75 % sequence identity to the African green monkey lymphotropic polyomavirus . In the 2015 taxonomic update to the polyomavirus group , the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses classified HPyV9 as a member of the genus Alphapolyomaviridae , whose type species is murine polyomavirus ( Mus musculus polyomavirus 1 ) .
Prevalence
All known human polyomaviruses are fairly common in healthy adult populations and are usually asymptomatic . In studies that profile polyomavirus seroprevalence , or prevalence of detectable antibodies against viral proteins indicating either past or present exposure in immunocompetent adults , HPyV9 tends to have a relatively lower prevalence compared to other human polyomaviruses . Estimates of HPyV9 prevalence have ranged from approximately 30–50 % , with conflicting evidence about the presence of any effects of gender and age on observed seroprevalence . Studies of the prevalence of HPyV9 DNA—indicating actively replicating virus—suggest that this is quite rare , around 1 % . HPyV9 infections that persist over time and involve continuous shedding have not been observed , although this does occur for other human polyomaviruses .
Clinical manifestations
As with many recently discovered human polyomaviruses , the clinical significance of HPyV9 is poorly characterized . Attempts to detect polyomaviruses in a variety of tumor types have consistently found that HPyV9 is either absent or present at very low viral loads , indicating that it is unlikely to be causally related to the tumor .
References
Polyomaviridae
The 2016–17 Northern Counties East Football League season was the 35th in the history of Northern Counties East Football League , a football competition in England .
Club allocations was approved 12 May 2016 .
Premier Division
The Premier Division featured 18 clubs which competed in the previous season , along with four new clubs .
Clubs promoted from Division One :
AFC Mansfield
Bottesford Town
Hemsworth Miners Welfare
Plus :
Harrogate Railway Athletic , relegated from the Northern Premier League
League table
Stadia and locations
Division One
Division One featured 17 clubs which competed in the previous season , along with five new clubs .
Clubs relegated from the Premier Division :
Brigg Town
Nostell Miners Welfare
Pontefract Collieries
Plus :
Campion – promoted from the West Riding County Amateur Football League
Ollerton Town – promoted from the Central Midlands League
League table
Play-offs
Semi-finals
Final
Stadia and locations
League Cup
The 2016–17 Northern Counties East Football League Cup was the 35th season of the league cup competition of the Northern Counties East Football League .
First Round
Second Round
Third Round
Fourth Round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Northern Counties East Football League
2016-17
9
The Toronto waterway system comprises a series of natural and man-made watercourses in the Canadian city of Toronto . The city is dominated by a large river system spanning most of the city including the Don River , Etobicoke Creek , Highland Creek , Humber River , Mimico Creek and Rouge River .
Current rivers in Toronto
List
The city has many rivers that stretch all over the city and all end up draining into Lake Ontario . Of the various watercourses that drained Toronto , the Don River , the Humber River , and the Rouge River have headwaters in the Oak Ridges Moraine .
Humber River
The Humber River is a river in Southern Ontario , Canada . It is in the Great Lakes Basin , is a tributary of Lake Ontario and is one of two major rivers on either side of the city of Toronto , the other being the Don River to the east . It was designated a Canadian Heritage River on September 24 , 1999 .
The Humber collects from about 750 creeks and tributaries in a fan-shaped area north of Toronto that encompasses portions of Dufferin County , the Regional Municipality of Peel , Simcoe County , and the Regional Municipality of York . The main branch runs for about 100 kilometres ( 60 mi ) from the Niagara Escarpment in the northwest , while another other major branch , known as the East Humber River , starts at Lake St. George in the Oak Ridges Moraine near Aurora to the northeast . They join north of Toronto and then flow in a generally southeasterly direction into Lake Ontario at what was once the far western portions of the city . The river mouth is flanked by Sir Casimir Gzowski Park and Humber Bay Park East . The Source of the River is the Huber Spring Pond and the basin is 903 km2 .
Don River
The Don River is a watercourse in southern Ontario , that empties into Lake Ontario , at Toronto Harbour . Its mouth was just east of the street grid of the town of York , Upper Canada , the municipality that evolved into Toronto , Ontario . The Don is formed from two rivers , the East and West Branches , that meet about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) north of Lake Ontario while flowing southward into the lake . The area below the confluence is known as the lower Don , and the areas above as the upper Don . The Don is also joined at the confluence by a third major branch , Taylor-Massey Creek . The Toronto and Region Conservation Authority ( TRCA ) is responsible for managing the river and its surrounding watershed . The Don Valley is notable because of its deep wide valley in the lower reaches due to its glacial origins . Due to the urbanized nature of the watershed , the Don River experiences low base flows interspersed with high volume floods . The river flows into Lake Ontario at the Keating Channel at Lake Shore Boulevard East which is at the north east corner of the Toronto Harbour . The Source of the River is the Oak Ridge Moraine and the basin is 360 km2 . The average flow of the river is 4 m3/s .
Rouge River
The Rouge River is a river in Markham , Pickering , Richmond Hill and Toronto in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario , Canada . The river flows from the Oak Ridges Moraine to Lake Ontario at the eastern border of Toronto , and is the location of Rouge Park , the only national park in Canada within a municipality . At its southern end , the Rouge River is the boundary between Toronto and southwestern Pickering in the Regional Municipality of Durham . The Source of the River is the Oak Ridge Moraine and the basin is 336 km2 . The average flow of the river is 1.76 m3/s .
Former rivers of Toronto
The city also has many rivers that were buried or completely removed to make way for development and the rapid expansion of the city .
Ashbridge 's Creek
Bonar Creek
Castle Field Creek
Castle Frank Brook
Cudmore Creek
Garrison Creek
Jackson Creek
Market Steams
North Creek
Russell Creek
Small 's Creek
Superior Creek
Taddle Creek
Tomlin 's Creek
Walmsley Creek
Wendigo Creek
See also
Fauna of Toronto
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority
Toronto ravine system
References
External links
http : //www.lostrivers.ca/content/centralkey.html
http : //www.lostrivers.ca/
Portals of Prayer is a quarterly publication of the Concordia Publishing House of St. Louis , Missouri , the denominational publisher for the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod , with a printed circulation of almost 900,000 copies each quarter . The publication consists of one-page daily devotions based upon a verse of Scripture along with suggestions for further reading of a Scripture and of a Psalm . Each devotion closes with a brief prayer . A separate section features prayers for the days of the week and occasional prayers covering liturgical and civic calendar events as well as for various situations . Each issue has a short prayer order that can be used by individuals , families , and small groups . Luther 's Morning and Evening prayers , and prayers for meal-times are also included ..
History
The first issue of this devotional booklet was published for Lent 1937 with the title Standing In His Grace . For the first several years the booklets carried a variety of names such as He Loved Me , Walking With God , Streams of Living Water , and Quiet Moments With God . Beginning in the spring of 1948 , the periodical took the name Portals of Prayer for each issue . Other changes have occurred over the years as well . First delivered seven times a year , Portals of Prayer became a bi-monthly devotional in 1959 , and a quarterly publication in 1981 . A German language counterpart , Tägliche Andachten was published from 1937 until 1999 , a Spanish language version , Portales de Oración began in 2008 , and a braille edition has also been available . While the devotional has always been available in the familiar `` pocket-sized '' edition , new sizes and formats have joined it over the years . A large-sized `` sight-saver '' print edition was in introduced in the 1970s and a digest-sized print edition began being offered in 2010 . Over the years the reach of Portals of Prayer have been made available on long-playing ( LP ) record albums , cassette tape recordings , as well as being broadcast on numerous radio stations . Portals of Prayer is also available via the internet and smart phones .
In 2007 the interior layout of the devotions was changed , the first significant change in the layout since its inception . In 2008 the trim size changed to from its former size to accommodate changes in printing technology .
By editorial policy , the covers of the saddle-stitched booklets never depict people . Instead they usually feature photos of natural outdoor scenes .
Anthologies
Three anthologies of Portals of Prayer meditations have been made by the publisher over the years .
Meditations from Portals of Prayer . Concordia Publishing House , St. Louis . 1957 .
The Best of Portals of Prayer . Concordia Publishing House , St. Louis . 1990 .
Daily Devotions : Drawn from 75 Years of Portals of Prayer . Concordia Publishing House , St. Louis . 2011 .
Editors
The Rev . Eric Forss served as editor of Portals of Prayer from 2002 to 2009 . The Rev . Scot Kinnaman , senior editor at CPH , currently serves as managing editor ( 2003–present ) and editor ( 2009-present ) .
Writing for Portals
Writers are recruited each year in the Fall from recommendations , invitations made to previous writers , and applications . While often members of the LCMS , past authors have been selected from both clergy and lay among Lutherans in the USA , Canada , Australia , and Britain . Writers are selected based upon their demonstrated ability to write in a clear and engaging style while demonstrating a keen ability to proclaim the Gospel of God 's love and mercy in the person and work of Jesus Christ as presented in Holy Scripture and confessed in the Confessions of the Lutheran Church ( Book of Concord , 1580 ) .
External links
Portals of Prayer information page provided by the publisher : Concordia Publishing House
Portals of Prayer article in Mar . 2007 issue of The Lutheran Witness
References
Portals of Prayer , Vol . 70 , No . 395
1937 establishments in Missouri
Christian magazines
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod
Magazines established in 1937
Magazines published in St. Louis
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Religious magazines published in the United States
Goat cheese is produced using goat milk , the milk of domestic goats . Goat milk is commonly used to make cultured dairy products , including cheese . Myriad goat milk cheeses are produced around the world .
Varieties
Anari cheese
Añejo cheese – a firm , aged Mexican cheese traditionally made from skimmed goat 's milk , but most often available made from skimmed cow 's milk .
Anthotyros
Banon cheese
Bastardo del Grappa
Brunost ( known as when made with goat milk ) – a Norwegian brown goat cheese with a sweet flavor profile
Bucheron – native to the Loire Valley in France
Cabécou
Cabrales cheese
Caciotta
Caprino cheese
Castelo Branco cheese
Cathare
Chabichou
Chabis
Chevrotin
Circassian cheese
Circassian smoked cheese
Couronne lochoise
Crottin de Chavignol
Dolaz cheese
Faisselle – a non-protected French cheese made of raw milk from goats , cows or sheep
Feta
Formaela
Garrotxa cheese
Gbejna friska - a fresh cheeselet similar to ricotta in texture - native to Maltese Islands
Gbejna tal bzar - same as above but aged and coated in black pepper - native to Maltese Islands
Gbejna mghoxxa - same as the fresh cheeslet but left to air dry - native to Maltese Islands
Halloumi
Jibneh Arabieh
Kars gravyer cheese
Kasseri
Kefalotyri
Leipäjuusto
Majorero – from Spain , it is similar to Manchego , and is protected under European Law with Protected Designation of Origin ( PDO ) status .
Manouri
Mató
Mizithra
Nabulsi cheese
Payoyo cheese
Pélardon
Picodon
Picón Bejes-Tresviso
Pouligny-Saint-Pierre cheese
Rigotte de Condrieu
Robiola
Rocamadour cheese
Rubing
Sainte-Maure de Touraine
Santarém cheese
Selles-sur-Cher cheese
Snøfrisk
Testouri
Tulum cheese
Valençay cheese
Van herbed cheese
Xynomizithra
Xynotyro
Brands
Ardagh Castle Cheese
Ardsallagh Goat Farm
Blue Rathgore
Bluebell Falls
Bonne Bouche
Bouq Émissaire
Capricious
Chaubier – a washed rind French Cheese made from half goat 's milk and half cow 's milk
Chavroux
Chèvre noir
Clochette
Clonmore Cheese
Cooleeney Farmhouse Cheese
Corleggy Cheese
Gleann Gabhra
Glyde Farm Produce
Harbourne Blue
Humboldt Fog
Kunik cheese
Pantysgawn
St Tola
See also
List of goat dishes
List of cheeses
List of dairy products
Lists of prepared foods
References
External links
Goat 's milk cheeses . Cook 's info .
Goat 's milk cheeses
August Thomle ( 6 June 1816 , Arendal – 24 June 1889 ) was a Norwegian judge and politician .
He was born in Arendal , Norway , as the son of Erich Andreas Thomle and his wife , Mette Maria , née Binneballe . His brother , Iver Steen Thomle , became a jurist and politician . August Thomle married twice : in 1845 and 1860 .
In his first marriage , with Helene Marie Fredrikke Binneballe ( 1820–1851 ) , he had one son : Erik Andreas Thomle , an archivist .
In his second marriage , to Cornelia Kraft , he had the sons Carl Sophus Thomle , attorney , and Jens Edvard Thomle , civil servant .
He graduated from the Royal Frederick University in Christiania with the Cand.jur . degree in 1837 . He then worked as a clerk for one year , and then attorney in Drammen , Rouen , and Paris . In 1843 he moved back to Christiania . He was mayor of Christiania in 1863 . From 1865 to 1881 he worked as Supreme Court Assessor .
He was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1868 . He died in Kristiania .
References
1816 births
1889 deaths
People from Arendal
University of Oslo alumni
Mayors of Oslo
Supreme Court of Norway justices
Sahajpur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5847 living in 987 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Henri Squire ( born 27 September 2000 ) is a German tennis player .
Squire has a career high ATP singles ranking of world No . 291 , achieved on 13 June 2022 .
He made his ATP Tour main draw debut at the 2022 Halle Open as a wild card , where he lost by retirement to Laslo Đere in the first round .
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
German male tennis players
Sportspeople from Duisburg
Tennis people from North Rhine-Westphalia
21st-century German people
`` Olivia . In the Lab . With the Revolver . '' is the 16th episode of the second season of the American science-fiction drama television series Fringe , and the 37th episode overall . In terms of production , it is the season 's sixteenth episode , `` Unearthed '' being held over from the first season . In the episode , Olivia ( Anna Torv ) investigates a man with a possible connection to her who has the lethal ability to spread cancer by touch .
The episode was written by Matthew Pitts and directed by Brad Anderson . In addition to featuring recurring guest actors Kevin Corrigan and Omar Metwally , the episode marked the only ( uncredited ) guest appearance from actress/model Diane Kruger . First broadcast in the United States on April 8 , 2010 on Fox , `` Olivia . In the Lab . With the Revolver . '' received generally positive reviews , with one critic praising the mixture of mythology and standalone elements for the episode .
Plot
In Providence , Rhode Island , lawyer Miranda Green ( Diane Kruger ) takes a lunch meeting with sickly young man James Heath ( Omar Metwally ) . While he claims to have been with her in preschool , she does not remember him . She does believe that her firm can help him against those who made him sick . Driving back to her office , Miranda spontaneously develops tumors all over her body and dies in her car .
Olivia ( Anna Torv ) has a sleepless night owing to her recent discovery that Peter ( Joshua Jackson ) was abducted from the `` Over There '' universe by a grief-stricken Walter ( John Noble ) . She goes to the bowling alley , managed by Sam Weiss ( Kevin Corrigan ) , where he tells her she is one of the best people he knows , and he is sure she will do the right thing .
In the case , it transpires that victims of attacks similar to Miranda Green 's have been connected to the Cortexiphan trials in Jacksonville , Florida . Olivia visits Nina Sharp ( Blair Brown ) at Massive Dynamic 's headquarters and demands a full list of the subjects , knowing she herself is one of them . Nina claims not to have any such list . They also discuss Peter , and Nina guesses that Olivia is looking for a reason not to tell him .
Heath confronts Olivia in the hall of her apartment building . When he sees her badge , he attacks her , but Olivia fends him off with a candlestick . He tells her the story of how he was sick with cancer as a child , and a man visited him in the hospital , claiming he could help him fight the disease . But instead of getting better , he got worse and contagious .
At the end of the episode , Olivia has decided not to tell Peter about his origins . Walter says that he has made the opposite decision , and that the truth must be known .
Production
The episode was written by production staffer Matthew Pitts , a former assistant to series co-creator J. J. Abrams , while former Fringe producer Brad Anderson served as director .
`` Olivia . In the Lab . With the Revolver . '' featured the first guest appearances by actor Omar Metwally and German model/actress Diane Kruger . Kruger was in a relationship with star Joshua Jackson at the time , and requested that her part be as a `` gooey monster '' , where her `` eyes are popped out '' of her head . Kruger 's character Miranda Green became the first victim of Metwally 's character James Heath , though her character died from malignant tumors on her body rather than what she commented . Metwally later made his second appearance in the first part of the second season finale , `` Over There '' .
The episode contains a deleted scene between Broyles and Olivia discussing the James Heath case , which was available on the second season 's DVD as a special feature . As with other Fringe episodes , Fox and Science Olympiad released a lesson plan for grade school children based upon the science depicted in `` Olivia . In the Lab . With the Revolver . `` ; the lesson 's intention was for `` students [ to ] learn about the science behind cancer , with a focus on the causes and prevention of skin cancer . ''
Cultural references
The title of this episode references the board game Clue , in which players state who they think the murderer is by saying , for example , `` Colonel Mustard . In the Billiard Room . With the screwdriver '' .
During the episode 's first sequence , lawyer Miranda Greene 's partner in a car-phone conversation mentions the name `` Gorlomi , '' which was the assumed identity of Brad Pitt 's character Aldo Raine in the 2009 movie Inglourious Basterds , also starring Diane Kruger .
Reception
Ratings
On its initial American broadcast on April 8 , 2010 , the episode was watched by an estimated 6.33 million viewers . It scored a 3.9/6 rating among all households , and a 2.3/7 rating for those aged 18–49 . Fringe dropped from 6.7 million to 6.1 million viewers in its second half hour , but because it aired against repeats of the normally competitive CSI : Crime Scene Investigation from CBS and ABC 's Grey 's Anatomy , Fringe came in second place for the night .
Reviews
The episode was viewed positively by CJ Stewart at The Celebrity Cafe , who stated `` Overall , this was an exciting return to the familiar story structure that Fringe started out with , and yet it also moved along this season 's main story arch , with the writers doing an excellent job of that with plenty of references to the series ' mythos for fans to pick out . It 's always exciting when a serial drama like this throws us longtime viewers a few bones , is n't it ? '' The Los Angeles Times '' ' Andrew Hanson thought there were too many `` Really '' ? moments , such as Olivia recalling the height notches in Jacksonville when playing a game of Clue . Hanson also believed the episode seemed too long , especially when compared to the `` best episode ever '' ( `` Peter '' ) , which aired the previous week .
Writing for The A.V . Club , Noel Murray graded the episode with a B+ , explaining that after the previous week 's episode , `` Olivia . In The Lab . With The Revolver . '' was a `` return to normalcy '' . Murray appreciated the episode 's use of a secret that `` eats at people when they ca n't bring themselves to air it out '' , particularly spotlighting the `` look of panic '' on Walter 's face when Olivia and Peter leave his lab . Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly also appreciated the balance between mythology and single-episode elements . `` This week 's episode stood up as a perfectly comprehensible hour even if you were new to the series , thanks to its medical mystery and fun side-moments such as Walter making brightly colored taffy . But is also wove in characters and names from previous episodes — Nick Lane , Nancy Lewis — and raised the tantalizing suggestion that the illness James Heath suffered from might be a malady that 's also afflicting parts of the alternate universe . ''
MTV columnist Josh Wigler positively noted `` Mysteries of the week are always compelling when they have interplay with the overarching mythology of Fringe , '' which was exactly the case in tonight 's installment . '' He also liked the `` interesting dynamic '' between the still-clueless Peter and the Fringe team about his unknown past . Ramsey Isler from IGN rated the episode 7.8/10 ; he compared it to `` Peter '' , believing that this week 's episode 's had `` a tough act to follow ... this story definitely is n't as good , but it did keep us going along an interesting path to more answers . '' The IGN writer praised Walter going back to his old jokes while at the same time possessing `` an undercurrent of fear and shame in his personality as he deals with Olivia 's knowledge of Peter 's secret '' , but disliked the first half 's `` slow , procedural '' elements as well as the cancer make-up . Despite these small critiques , Isler `` liked most of this installment '' , expressing delight that there were a rare two mythology episodes in a row and that there were subtle references to previous episodes such as Nick Lane in `` Bad Dreams '' . Some reviewers liked the episode title but were disappointed that more elements from the boardgame had not been incorporated into the episode .
References
External links
`` Olivia . In the Lab . With the Revolver . '' at Fox
2010 American television episodes
Fringe ( season 2 ) episodes
Barren County is a county located in the south-central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 44,485 . Its county seat is Glasgow . The county was founded on December 20 , 1798 , from parts of Warren and Green Counties . It was named for the Barrens , meadowlands that cover the northern third , though actually the soil is fertile . Barren County is part of the Glasgow , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Bowling Green-Glasgow , KY Combined Statistical Area . In 2007 Barren County was named the `` Best Place to Live in Rural America '' by Progressive Farmer Magazine .
History
Barren County was established in 1798 from land taken from Green County and Warren County . Six courthouses have served the county throughout its history , the first built of logs .
Barren County , like most of south-central Kentucky , was settled by the Scots-Irish , and still bears many cultural aspects that trace back to that heritage . The Scottish heritage is the most evident , as indicated by the name of the county seat , which is named for Glasgow , Scotland , and is celebrated annually with the Glasgow Highland Games , one of three highland games held each year in Kentucky .
Barren was a prohibition or dry county , until voters overturned that in September 2016 . Prior to that , there were two exceptions :
Cave City , which voted in 2005 to become `` moist '' ( selling only alcohol by the drink in restaurants of a certain minimum size ( 100 in this case ) and which derive 70 % or more of their revenue from food ) , and later voted in 2014 to approve full package sales .
Glasgow , which approved liquor by the drink under the same restrictions on November 6 , 2007 , after three previous elections to allow full alcohol sales in the city were soundly defeated .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.5 % ) is water .
Barren River Lake is located in the southern part of the county , forming part of its boundary with Allen County . Barren River Lake State Resort Park is located primarily within Barren County , along the lake 's shoreline .
Adjacent counties
Hart County ( north )
Metcalfe County ( east )
Monroe County ( southeast )
Allen County ( southwest )
Warren County ( west )
Edmonson County ( northwest )
National protected area
Mammoth Cave National Park ( part )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 38,033 people , 15,346 households , and 10,941 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 17,095 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.30 % White , 4.09 % Black or African American , 0.15 % Native American , 0.41 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.38 % from other races , and 0.65 % from two or more races . 0.93 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 15,346 households , out of which 31.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.30 % were married couples living together , 9.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.70 % were non-families . 25.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.91 .
The age distribution was 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 8.20 % from 18 to 24 , 28.80 % from 25 to 44 , 23.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females , there were 92.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.30 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,240 , and the median income for a family was $ 37,231 . Males had a median income of $ 29,860 versus $ 21,208 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,816 . About 11.80 % of families and 15.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.30 % of those under age 18 and 19.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Religion
Christianity is the predominant religion in the county . The Southern Baptist Convention is the leading Protestant denomination in terms of adherents , with Glasgow Baptist Church being the largest congregation in the county . Missionary Baptist , United Methodist , Free Methodist , Presbyterian ( including Cumberland Presbyterian ) , Episcopalian , Disciples of Christ , Churches of Christ including non-institutional , Assemblies of God , and numerous independent churches are located in the county , as well as two Roman Catholic parishes , an LDS ward , and a sizable Amish community . No Jewish , Muslim , or other religions are known to have houses of worship within the county .
Economy
Barren County is primarily rural in nature , with agriculture as the primary industry . Glasgow , the county seat , has numerous manufacturing facilities , and is also a medical and retail hub for the area . Cave City is also a popular lodging area for tourists visiting nearby Mammoth Cave National Park .
Politics
Like Kentucky and most of the counties in the State , the Democratic Party has the most registered voters ; however the county has n't voted for the Democratic Presidential candidate since 1992—-and even then , it was by a margin of less than 2 % . 51.57 % of the voters are registered to the Democratic Party , and 41.73 % are registered Republicans .
Voter registration
Statewide elections
Education
The county is home to all or part of three school districts :
Most of the county is served by the Barren County Schools , which includes Barren County High School and Middle School in Glasgow , and seven elementary schools throughout the county , many of which were formerly also high schools before they were consolidated into Barren County High in the early 1970s .
The Glasgow Independent Schools serve the city of Glasgow proper , with small areas of overlap outside the city limits . The district includes Glasgow High School , Glasgow Middle School , and two elementary schools . In addition , the Glasgow and Caverna ( see below ) districts jointly operate an alternative school located in the Glasgow district for `` at-risk '' children in middle and high school . Barren County High and Middle Schools , although operated by the county district , are actually located within the boundaries of the Glasgow district .
The Caverna Independent Schools take in Cave City and surrounding northwest Barren County , as well as Horse Cave and the southwest corner of neighboring Hart County . It is served by Caverna High School , Caverna Middle School , and Caverna Elementary School , all located between Cave City and Horse Cave . The high school is on the Hart County side of the line , while the elementary and middle schools share a campus on the Barren County side . The district is one of only a handful in the United States which is located in more than one county . Three other districts with this distinction are in Kentucky , most notably the Corbin Independent School District , serving a single city split by a county line .
Transportation
Barren County is served by Interstate 65 , which goes through the northwest part of the county , and the Louie B. Nunn Cumberland Parkway , a former toll road that was designated to be part of the future Interstate 66 corridor before that project was scrapped . U.S . Routes 31E , 31W , and 68 also pass through the county .
Railroad service is provided by CSX Transportation , whose former Louisville and Nashville Railroad main line passes through Cave City and Park City . The Glasgow Railway Company is a short line which owns a branch from Park City ( which was formerly called Glasgow Junction ) to Glasgow ; the line is serviced via an operating lease by CSX .
Communities
Cities
Cave City
Glasgow ( county seat )
Park City
Census-designated place
Hiseville
Other unincorporated communities
Austin
Bon Ayr
Eighty Eight
Finney
Griderville
Haywood
Highland Springs
Lecta
Lucas
Merry Oaks
Railton
Rocky Hill
Temple Hill
Tracy
Media
WLYE-FM `` Willie 94.1 '' - Real Country Glasgow
WCLU-AM 1490 Glasgow
WLLI `` Willie 94.1 '' Glasgow ( licensed to Munfordville )
WCDS-AM 1230 `` SportsRadio 123 '' - Newberry Broadcasting , Inc .
W239BV ( FM 95.7 ) - `` 96 Hits '' - an analog radio repeater of WOVO-HD2/Horse Cave
Glasgow Daily Times - local newspaper published Tuesday through Saturday
Barren County Progress - county-oriented weekly newspaper published Thursdays
Economy
Barren County 's industry includes these companies :
Walmart of Glasgow - Walmart operates a full-service super center at the intersection of Kentucky Route 90 ( Happy Valley Road ) and Veterans Outer Loop on the northwest outskirts of the city .
Mid-State Recycling - the area 's main recycling facility .
Western Kentucky University 's satellite campus in Glasgow , Kentucky
Glasgow Electric Plant Board - Electric , cable television , and internet service in the City of Glasgow .
Farmers Rural Electric Co Op - Electric service for the county .
South Central Rural Telephone Company - cable television and internet service .
T.J. Samson Community Hospital
Southern States Feed Mill in Park City
Dakota Elmore Realty and Auction Co .
Cave City 's main industry in Barren County 's economy is tourism , thanks to its proximity to Mammoth Cave National Park , which is one of the top ten most visited attractions in Kentucky . A number of motels and restaurants are located at the interchange of Interstate 65 and state routes 70 and 90 , which cater to tourists visiting the area or just passing through , thereby making Cave City , and much of northwest Barren County , a tourism hot-spot . The city operates a small convention center that is popular with church groups and other family-related organizations , mainly because of the area 's lack of crime and abundance of tourist attractions . Cave City has long been a gateway to Mammoth Cave ; in the era of passenger rail travel , trains of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad would discharge tourists there , who would then be shuttled to the cave . The agricultural industry is also a big factor in the area 's economy . For more information , see the Barren County Economic Authority 's website ( www.BarrenCoEa.com ) .
Sites and events of interest
Fort Williams , Glasgow .
Barren River Lake State Resort Park , Lucas at the junction of US 31E and KY 87 in southern Barren County .
Barren River Lake , a lake along the Barren-Allen County line that is operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
Kentucky Action Park/Jesse James Riding Stables , Cave City , Kentucky
Guntown Mountain Old West town and Haunted Hotel , Cave City
Diamond Caverns , Park City , along the Edmonson-Barren County line on the southeastern fringe of Mammoth Cave National Park .
Onyx Cave and Rock Shop , Cave City
Thomerson Park , Dry Fork
Events include , but are not limited to , the following :
The 400-mile yard sale along US 68 throughout the route 's course in Kentucky ( except Metro Lexington and the LBL ) - first Thursday-Sunday in June , annually .
Glasgow Highland Games at Barren River Lake State Resort Park - early June .
Annual Roller Coaster Yard Sale along State Highway 63 - early October .
Annual Fireworks Extravaganza at Barren River Lake , July 4 of each year .
Notable people
Walter Arnold Baker ( 1937-2010 ) : Associate Justice , Kentucky Supreme Court , Assistant General Counsel for International Affairs in the Department of Defense , Member of Kentucky Senate and House of Representatives , Lieutenant Colonel , Kentucky Air National Guard .
Ira F. M. Butler ( 1812–1909 ) , Oregon pioneer and state legislator
Floyd Collins ( 1887–1925 ) , cave explorer and cave accident victim
Kelly Craft ( née Guilfoil ) ( born 1962 ) , US Ambassador to the United Nations and US Ambassador to Canada
Nancy Kelsey ( 1823–1896 ) , the `` Betsy Ross of California
Louie B. Nunn ( 1924–2004 ) , former governor of Kentucky
Marion McCarrell Scott ( 1843-1922 ) , educator and government advisor in Meiji period Japan
Henry Skaggs ( 1724-1810 ) , longhunter , explorer , and pioneer , lived in Hiseville
Luska Twyman ( 1913–1988 ) , first African American mayor of Glasgow , Kentucky
William Burton Walbert ( 1886–1959 ) , Southern gospel songwriter , singer , composer , and editor
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Barren County , Kentucky
References
External links
Mammoth Fun - Kentucky 's Cave Country ( Caveland Marketing Association )
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Glasgow , Kentucky , micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1798
Simrad may refer to :
Simrad , a brand name used by Kongsberg Maritime
Simrad Optronics , a Norwegian company that manufactures defence equipment
Simrad Yachting , a manufacturer of marine electronics for the leisure and professional markets
In the Inuit religion , Torngarsuk ( or Torngasak ) is a sky god , one of the more important deities in the Inuit pantheon . He is said to be the leader of the Tornat , a group of protective gods .
Torngarsuk is listed as a demon or spirit in the Dictionnaire Infernal - a.k.a . Tornatik , Torngarsoak , Torngasoak , Tungrangayak , Tornasuk etc . is a mischievous demon/spirit worshiped by offering in Greenland and the northeastern regions of Canada .
Description
Torngarsuk is the master of whales and seals and most powerful supernatural being in Greenland . He appears in the form of a bear , or a one-armed man , or as a grand human creature like one of the fingers of a hand . He is considered to be invisible to everyone but the angakkuit ( the medicine men or shaman among Inuit peoples ) .
These conflicting descriptions leave us unsure as to his form , but as a grand spirit or demon Torngarsuk is invoked by fishermen and by the when one falls ill . There are other spirits invisible to everyone but the angakkuq , who teach men how to be happy . They see Torngarsuk as their benefactor ; when the Anguekkok call upon him , they ask that if he does not come that he leave them `` in the land of plenty '' .
Familiar
Each angakkuq keeps a familiar spirit in a leather bottle which he evokes and consults like an oracle . This familiar spirit seeks Torngarsuk in a cave and brings good fortune as well as healing power .
Popular culture
In popular culture , the term or phrase Tornasuk and angekok are best known from a simple and short reference to this part of Inuit mythology and ideology by H. P. Lovecraft in his famous short-story `` The Call of Cthulhu '' , where these ideas are portrayed as part of an `` Eskimo diabolist '' cult who revere Cthulhu as an avatar or tangible form of Torngarsuk .
In Marvel Comics , Torngarsuk is conflated with elements of Anguta & Tulugaak as Hodiak ; chief deity of the northern gods and divine grandfather of Alpha Flight member Snowbird .
References
External links
Deliriums Realm
Inuit gods
Sky and weather gods
Demons
Supernatural legends
Inuit mythology
KPMG Chartered Accountants ( SA ) v Securefin Ltd and Another , potentially a landmark case in South African contract law , was heard in the Supreme Court of Appeal ( SCA ) on 17 February 2009 , with judgment handed down on 13 March . It could herald a new era in the interpretation of contracts in South Africa .
Facts
Securefin instituted an action in the High Court , claiming damages from KPMG for breach of contract . KPMG denied Securefin 's interpretation of the contract . After a separation of issues , the High Court heard oral evidence . Much of the evidence dealt with the interpretation of the contract . Each party called an expert on the issue , and they testified for about fourteen days . The factual witnesses also spent most of their time dealing with interpretative issues .
The High Court ultimately determined the various issues in favour of the respondents and issued a declaratory order .
Judgment
In an appeal to the SCA , Harms JA deemed it necessary to make several points about the role of expert evidence in matters concerning interpretation :
The integration ( or parol evidence ) rule was frequently being ignored by practitioners and seldom enforced by trial courts .
Interpretation is a matter of law , not of fact , and accordingly interpretation is a matter for the court , not for witnesses .
The rules about the admissibility of evidence on interpretation do not depend on the nature of the document , whether statute , contract or patent .
To the extent that outside evidence is admissible to contextualise the document in order to establish its `` factual matrix '' or purpose , or for the purposes of identification , it has to be used as conservatively as possible . There is no merit , wrote Harms , in trying to distinguish between background circumstances and surrounding circumstances ; this distinction is artificial and confusing , with the result that everything tends to be admitted . The terms `` context '' or `` factual matrix '' ought to his mind to suffice .
The courts had made no attempt , found Harms , to curtail the `` growing and undesirable '' practice of allowing expert witnesses to testify as to the meaning of a contract . An expert could be asked relevant questions based on assumptions or hypotheses put by counsel as to the meaning of a document , but the expert , and any other witnesses , could not be asked about the meaning of the document . The witness ( expert or otherwise ) could also not be cross-examined on the meaning of the document or on the validity of the hypothesis about its meaning .
Nevertheless , the SCA upheld the High Court judgment .
References
KPMG Chartered Accountants ( SA ) v Securefin LTD and Another 2009 ( 4 ) SA 399 ( SCA ) .
Notes
2009 in South African law
2009 in case law
South African contract case law
Supreme Court of Appeal of South Africa cases
KPMG
James Wright ( born March 24 , 1990 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre . He won a Memorial Cup with the Vancouver Giants in 2007 and was selected by Tampa Bay 117th overall in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
Playing career
Junior
Wright began his major junior career with the Vancouver Giants in 2005–06 , debuting in two WHL games . The following season , he recorded 12 points in 48 games during his WHL rookie season . He helped the Giants finish as league runner-up in the playoffs to the Medicine Hat Tigers before winning the 2007 Memorial Cup championship against the same Tigers squad in the CHL title final . In 2007–08 , Wright improved to 36 points and was drafted 117th overall by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft . Upon being drafted , Wright continued to play for the Giants , scoring 21 goals and 47 points in 2008–09 .
Professional
Wright made the Lightning roster for the start of the 2009–10 season , making his NHL debut on October 3 , 2009 , in a 6–3 loss to the Atlanta Thrashers . He played the game opposite former Giants linemate Evander Kane of the Thrashers , who was also playing his first NHL game . Wright scored his first NHL goal in his seventh game on October 22 , 2009 , against Evgeni Nabokov of the San Jose Sharks .
After scoring two goals and three assists through 48 games , he was sent back to the Giants on January 21 , 2010 . Returning to the WHL , he notched six goals and 19 points through the final 21 games of the 2009–10 WHL season . In the playoffs , the Giants advanced to the semifinals , where they were eliminated in six games by the Tri-City Americans . Wright recorded seven goals and 16 points in 16 post-season games .
Wright began the 2010-11 season in the AHL . He played 15 games for the Lightning 's top affiliate , the Norfolk Admirals , before making his 2010–11 NHL season debut for Tampa Bay in an away game against the Philadelphia Flyers on November 18 , 2010 . On December 2 , 2011 , Wright was traded by the Lightning , along with Mike Vernace , to the Florida Panthers for Mike Kostka and Evan Oberg . He was then immediately assigned to AHL affiliate , the San Antonio Rampage . On January 18 , 2013 , the eve of the 2012–13 season , Wright was claimed off waivers from the Panthers by the Winnipeg Jets .
After two seasons with the Jets , Wright was released as a free agent , and with limited interest around the league , signed his first contract abroad with Croatian club KHL Medveščak Zagreb of the Kontinental Hockey League , on September 15 , 2014 .
On July 2 , 2015 , Wright returned to North America , signing a one-year , two-way contract with the New York Islanders . He was assigned to AHL affiliate , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers for the duration of the 2015–16 season .
In the following off-season , having been unable to add to his NHL resume , Wright returned to the KHL , signing a one-year deal with Russian club , Admiral Vladivostok on September 8 , 2016 . Agreeing to return for a second season in Vladivostok in 2017–18 , Wright was traded by the club to Kazakhstani outfit , Barys Astana in exchange for Martin St. Pierre on November 24 , 2017 .
As a free agent following the season with Barys Astana , Wright left the KHL and ventured to Sweden in agreeing to an optional two-year contract with Linköpings HC of the SHL on July 23 , 2018 . The optional second year on his contract with the Swedish club was cancelled at the end of the 2018–19 season .
Personal life
Wright is the grandson of former Saskatoon mayor Cliff Wright . The elder Wright served as the city 's mayor from 1976 to 1988 and was instrumental in the construction of Saskatchewan Place , which opened at the end of his term in 1988 .
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Admiral Vladivostok players
Barys Nur-Sultan players
Bridgeport Sound Tigers players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Linköping HC players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Sportspeople from Saskatoon
Memorial Cup winners
Norfolk Admirals players
San Antonio Rampage players
Tampa Bay Lightning draft picks
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Vancouver Giants players
Winnipeg Jets players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
is a song by Japanese singer Masato Shimon , released by Canyon Records ( now Pony Canyon ) on December 25 , 1975 . The B-side `` Ippon Demo Ninjin '' was sung by Japanese folk singer Kenichi Nagira . However , the label claimed that the song was a children 's song because the song was used in Japanese child television program Hirake Ponkikki . On the Oricon weekly chart , it became the first single to debut at number one in the Oricon history on January 5 , 1976 , and stayed there for 11 consecutive weeks . It surpassed the sales of `` Onna no Michi '' and eventually sold over 4.53 million copies , becoming the best-selling song in Japan . This record was certified by Guinness World Records . Despite the success , the company paid Shimon only 50,000 yen ( approximately 170 dollars given the exchange rate at the time ) as a guarantee . The single was re-released as a CD single that came with an anime DVD by Pony Canyon in 2008 .
References
1975 singles
Japanese children 's songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
1975 songs
Works by Hiroo Takada
Otmara Marrero is an American actress . She is known for the NBC series Connecting ... , 2019 's Clementine , and Crackle 's 2016 series StartUp .
Early life
Marrero was born in Miami , Florida , to a Cuban American family , and raised in Hialeah . She was a dancer for the Miami Marlins .
Career
Marrero 's first onscreen role was a small part in a season 3 episode of the USA Network 's Graceland . Her performance in Damian Fitzsimmons ' Off the Rails earned her a Commendation award at the Liverpool International Film Festival , while she won a breakthrough award at the Downtown LA film festival for her performance in Clementine . She filmed her part in Connecting ... at home .
Filmography
Florida Man – TBA
Jackass Forever 2022
Connecting ... 2020
Clementine 2019
Off The Rails 2018
StartUp 2016—2018
References
External links
American entertainers of Cuban descent
Actresses from Miami
Miami Marlins personnel
1989 births
Living people
People from Hialeah , Florida
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
21st-century American women
Patrick `` Pat '' McGrath ( born 1953 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team .
Born in Waterford , McGrath first made an impression on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he linked up with the Waterford minor team , before later joining the under-21 side . He joined the senior panel for the 1970 championship . McGrath went on to play a key role for Waterford for sixteen years , however , he enjoyed little success during his inter-county career . He was a Munster runner-up on two occasions .
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career , McGrath won two Railway Cup medals . At club level he is a seven-time championship medallist with Mount Sion .
Throughout his career McGrath made 16 championship appearances for Waterford . His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1986 championship .
McGrath 's sons , Eoin and Ken , also played with Waterford .
On 2 April 2014 McGrath was inducted into the GAA Hall of Fame .
Honours
Player
Mount Sion
Waterford Senior Club Hurling Championship ( 7 ) : 1972 , 1974 , 1975 , 1981 , 1983 , 1986 , 1988
Waterford
Munster Under-21 Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 1974 ( c )
Munster
Railway Cup ( 3 ) : 1976 , 1978 , 1981 ( sub )
Individual
Awards
GAA Hall of Fame ( 1 ) : 2014
References
1953 births
Living people
Mount Sion hurlers
Waterford inter-county hurlers
Munster inter-provincial hurlers
Brenden Michael Stai ( born March 30 , 1972 ) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive guard in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eight seasons during the 1990s and early 2000s . He played college football for the University of Nebraska , and earned All-American honors . He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round of the 1995 NFL Draft , and also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars , Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins of the NFL .
Early years
Stai was born in Phoenix , Arizona . Married in 1995 to Jennifer Stai ( Harney ) , Stai has 3 children . Christina ( 1995 ) , Bryce ( 1999 ) , and Brianna ( 2002 ) .
College career
He attended the University of Nebraska-Lincoln , and played for coach Tom Osborne 's Nebraska Cornhuskers football team from 1991 to 1994 . As a senior in 1994 , Stai was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American and was a member of the Cornhuskers ' team that defeated the Miami Hurricanes 24–17 in the Orange Bowl to win a consensus national championship .
Professional career
The Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round ( 91st pick overall ) of the 1995 NFL Draft , and he played for the Steelers from to . Stai earned an AFC Championship with Pittsburgh in 1995 ; the Steelers presented all players with a ring to commemorate the achievement . Stai 's ring was stolen in 2000 during a move to Jacksonville ; the ring was returned to Stai in 2009 after someone attempted to sell it to Cash4Gold.com .
In eight NFL seasons , Stai appeared in 105 regular season games and started 96 of them .
References
External links
Detroit Lions bio
1972 births
Living people
All-American college football players
American football offensive guards
Detroit Lions players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Washington Redskins players
Kirkintilloch High School is a six-year co-educational secondary school located in the Oxgang area of Kirkintilloch , East Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
School roll
There are around 600 pupils with an annual first year of five classes of up to thirty pupils each , all coming from six associated primary schools : Gartconner ; Harestanes ; Hillhead ; Oxgang , Twechar and Craighead .
Building
As part of the Scottish Government 's £134m PPP school 's capital investment program , a new building opened to the pupils on 19 August 2009 , replacing the thirty-six-year-old building on the same site . It was originally slated to open April 2009 but a 2008 fire delayed completion until August 2009 .
Alumni
Andrew Crumey , novelist
Gregg Wylde , Plymouth Argyle player .
James Scott , Hull City player .
References
External links
Kirkintilloch School Website
Kirkintilloch 's page on Scottish Schools Online
Secondary schools in East Dunbartonshire
School buildings completed in 2009
Educational institutions established in 1973
Kirkintilloch
1973 establishments in Scotland
Archeobuprestis is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following species :
Archeobuprestis maxima Walker , 1938
Archeobuprestis minima Walker , 1938
References
Buprestidae genera
Prehistoric beetle genera
This article lists the squads for the 2012 CONCACAF Women 's U-17 Championship , to be held in Guatemala . The 8 national teams involved in the tournament were required to register a squad of 20 players ; only players in these squads were eligible to take part in the tournament .
Players marked ( c ) were named as captain for their national squad . Number of caps , players ' club teams and players ' age as of 1 March 2012 – the tournament 's opening day .
Group A
Canada
Coach : Bryan Rosenfeld
Guatemala
Coach : Benjamín Monterroso
Jamaica
Coach : Vinimore Blaine
Panama
Coach : Luis Tejada
Group B
Bahamas
Coach : Daria Adderly
Mexico
Coach : Leonardo Cuéllar
Trinidad and Tobago
Coach : Even Pellerud
United States
Coach : Albertin Montoya
References
Squads
2012 in youth sport
The 1933 season was the Hawthorn Football Club 's 9th season in the Victorian Football League and 32nd overall . Arthur Rademacher stepped in as coach after appointed coach Fred Phillips died on the eve of the season . Rademacher coached the first four games before Hawthorn appointed Bill Twomey , Sr. as coach for the rest of the season .
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Amchi Shala is a Marathi medium school , founded by Shri . J. K. Karmalkar in Tilak Nagar , Mumbai , Maharashtra in 1961 .
History
In the 1960s , Tilak Nagar situated between Chembur and Ghatkopar was a residential colony constructed for industrial workers , working in and around Chembur . There were no schooling facilities for the workers and their children . The population mainly consisted of financially lower-middle-class Maharashtrian families .
Shri Janardan Krishna Karmalkar , a teacher with experience of founding schools like Chembur High School , shifted his attention to this needy area . The Housing Board gave him part of building no 26 in Tilak Nagar to start his endeavor . He founded a trust Gareeb Vidyarthi Sahayyak Mandal ( GVS Mandal ) in 1958 . The aim of the trust is embedded in the name itself A trust to help poor and needy class of society . He started a school under the auspices of the trust on 19 June 1961 , which was called as Amchi Shala .
Throughout the formation of the trust and the school , he was supported by his wife Smt . Indira Karmalkar also a teacher and later Principal of Amchi Shala . In the beginning there were 310 students with 7 divisions and 11 teaching staff .
Other schools
Adarsha Vidyalaya
Chembur Karnatak High School
General Education Academy
Holy Family High School
Lokmanya Tilak High School
Our Lady of Perpetual Succour High School
Saraswati Vidya Mandir .
See also
List of schools in Mubai
References
External links
Google.com
Educational institutions established in 1961
Schools in Chembur
Schools in Mumbai
Education in Mumbai
1961 establishments in Maharashtra
Panda District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique . Its principal town is Panda . The district is located at the northwest of the province and borders with Funhalouro District in the north , Homoine District in the east , Inharrime District in the south , and with Chibuto and Manjacaze Districts of Gaza Province in the west . The area of the district is . It has a population of 47.946 as of 2007 .
Geography
The Changane River , a left tributary of the Limpopo River , makes the western border of the district and of Inhambane province . The Nhatócue River is the biggest river flowing from west to east through the district .
The climate is tropical arid , with the annual rainfall being .
History
The name of the district is related to the name of the son of a tribal chief Mabuntse Ndindane , recognized as an important figure in resistance against colonization . The name was already used by the Portuguese for the area in the 1860s .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 42 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 39 % did speak Portuguese . The predominant language in the district was Chopi . 64 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Panda , Mawayela , and Urrene , which in total include eight localities .
Economy
About 1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 11,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , sweet potatoes , rice , and cotton .
Transportation
The total length of the roads in Panda District is . Two of then , Panda to Inhassune and Panda to Mubique , have a status of a national road .
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
Pausanias ( ; died c. 477 BC ) was a Spartan regent and a general . In 479 BC , as a leader of the Hellenic League 's combined land forces , Pausanias won a pivotal victory in the Battle of Plataea ending the Second Persian invasion of Greece . One year after the victories over the Persians and the Persians ' allies , Pausanias fell under suspicion of conspiring with the Persian king , Xerxes I to betray Greeks and died in 477 BC in Sparta starved to death by fellow citizens . What is known of his life is largely according to Thucydides ' History of the Peloponnesian War , Diodorus ' Bibliotheca historica and a handful of other classical sources .
Early life
Pausanias like all Spartan citizens ( Spartiate ) , would have gone through intense training from the age of seven and was required to be a regular soldier until the age of thirty . Pausanias was from the royal house of the Agiads . Yet this did not exempt him from going through the same training as every other citizen as every male Spartan citizen earned their citizenship by dedicating their lives to their polis and its laws .
Spartan lineage
As a son of the regent Cleombrotus and a nephew of the recently deceased warrior king , Leonidas I , Pausanias was a scion of the Spartan royal house of the Agiads , but not in the direct line of succession as he was not the first born son of one of the kings of Sparta . After Leonidas ' death , while the king 's son Pleistarchus was still in his minority , Pausanias served as regent of Sparta . Pausanias was also the father of Pleistoanax who later became king . Pausanias ' other sons were Cleomenes and Nasteria .
War service
In 479 BC , Pausanias was leader of the Spartan army alongside , son of Dorieus , as the Agiad king of Sparta Pleistarchus , son of Leonidas I , was too young to command . Pausanias led 5000 Spartans to the aid of the league of Greek cities created to resist the Persian invasion . At the Greek encampment at Plataea 110,000 men were assembled along the Asopos River . Further down the river , Mardonius , commander of the Persian forces , stationed 300,000 Persian forces alongside 50,000 Greek allies .
After eleven days of stalemate , Mardonius offered a challenge that was ignored by the Greeks . With no answer to his challenge , Mardonius ordered his cavalry to pollute the Asopos from which the Greeks were getting their water , so the Athenian forces decided in the night to move towards Plataea . The forces led by Pausanias headed through the ridges and foothills of the Cithaeron while the Athenian forces headed the opposite direction onto the plains . Seeing this , Mardonius thought the Athenians were fleeing , so he sent his Persian forces to charge Pausanias ' army while dispatching his Greek allies to go after the Athenians .
With the battle underway Pausanias sent a messenger to ask for Athenian aid , but they could not spare any . So Pausanias with 50,000 Lacedaemonians and 3,000 Tegeans prepared for battle at Plataea . In the subsequent Battle of Plataea , Pausanias led the Greeks to a major victory over the Persians and their allies . While the Battle of Plataea is sometimes seen as a chaotic battle , others see evidence of both Pausanias ' strategic and tactical skills in delaying the engagement with the Persians until the point where Spartan arms and discipline could have maximum impact . Herodotus concluded that `` Pausanias the son of Cleombrotus and grandson of Anaxandridas won the most glorious victory of any known to us '' .
After the victories at Plataea and the subsequent Battle of Mycale , the Spartans lost interest in liberating the Greek cities of Asia Minor until it became clear that Athens would dominate the League in Sparta 's absence . Sparta then sent Pausanias back to command the Greek military .
Suspected pact with Persia
In 478 BC , Pausanias was accused of conspiring with the Persians and recalled to Sparta . One allegation was that after capturing Cyprus and Byzantium , Pausanias released some of the prisoners of war who were friends and relatives of the king of Persia . Pausanias argued that the prisoners simply escaped . Another allegation was that Pausanias sent a letter via Gongylos of Eretria ( Diodorus has general Artabazos I of Phrygia as a mediator ) to Xerxes I saying he wished to help Xerxes and bring Sparta with the rest of Greece under Persian control . In return , Pausanias wished to marry Xerxes 's daughter . After Xerxes replied agreeing to his plans , Pausanias started to adopt Persian customs and dress like a Persian aristocrat . Due to lack of evidence , Pausanias was acquitted and left Sparta on his own accord , taking a trireme from the town of Hermione .
According to Thucydides and Plutarch , Athenians and many Hellenic League allies were displeased with Pausanias because of Pausanias ' arrogance and high-handedness .
In 477 BC , the Spartans recalled Pausanias once again . Pausanias went to Kolonai in the Troad before returning to Sparta . Upon his arrival in Sparta , the ephors imprisoned Pausanias , but he was later released due to lack of sufficient evidence to convict Pausanias of disloyalty , even though some helots reported that Pausanias offered freedom if the helots joined in revolt . Later , one of the messengers Pausanias used to communicate with the Persians provided written evidence ( a letter stating Pausanias ' intentions ) to the Spartan ephors .
Diodorus adds further detail to Thucydides ' account . After the ephors were loath to believe the letter provided by the messenger , the messenger offered to produce Pausanias ' acknowledgement in person . In the letter Pausanias asked the Persians to kill the messenger . The messenger and the ephors went to the Temple of Poseidon ( Tainaron ) . The ephors concealed themselves in a tent at the shrine and the messenger waited for Pausanias . When Pausanias arrived , the messenger confronted Pausanias asking why did the letter say to kill whoever delivered the letter . Pausanias said that he was sorry and asked the messenger to forgive the mistake . Pausanias offered gifts to the messenger . The ephors heard the conversation from the tent .
Herodotus notes that the Athenians were hostile to Pausanias and wished Pausanias removed from Greek command , with his Athenian counterpart Themistocles publicly ostracising him as a threat to democracy . The historian A. R. Burn speculates that the Spartans became concerned about Pausanias ' progressive views about freeing the Helots .
Death
According to Thucydides , Diodorus and Polyaenus , Pausanias , pursued by the ephors , took refuge in the temple of Athena `` of the Brazen House '' ( Χαλκίοικος , Chalkioikos ) ( located in the acropolis of Sparta ) . Pausanias ' mother Theano ( ) immediately went to the temple , and laid a brick at the door saying : `` Unworthy to be a Spartan , you are not my son '' ( according to Thucydides ) . Following the mother 's example , the Spartans blocked the doorway with bricks and forced Pausanias to die of starvation . After Pausanias ' body was turned over to relatives for burial , the divinity through the Oracle of Delphi showed displeasure at the violation of the sanctity of supplicants . The oracle said that Athena demanded the return of the supplicant . Unable to carry out the injunction of the goddess , the Spartans set up two bronze statues of Pausanias at the temple of Athena .
Legacy
Pausanias is a central figure in the `` Pausanias , the betrayer of his country a tragedy , acted at the Theatre Royal by His Majesties servants '' by Richard Norton and Thomas Southerne .
See also
Cleomenes I
Themistocles
Thermopylae
Medism
Notes
External links
Livius , Pausanias by Jona Lendering
Ancient Spartan generals
Rulers of Sparta
5th-century BC Spartans
Spartans of the Greco-Persian Wars
Deaths by starvation
Medism
Battle of Plataea
Year of birth unknown
477 BC deaths
Regents
Agiad dynasty
Báruè District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique . Its principal town is Catandica . The district is located in the west of the province , and borders with Guro District in the north , Macossa District in the east , Gondola District in the southeast , Manica District in the south , and with Zimbabwe in the west . The area of the district is . It has a population of 137,582 as of 2007 .
Geography
The Pandira River , Tchatola River , and Gairezi River form the eastern boundary with Zimbabwe . The Mupha River , a tributary of the Gairezi , forms the northern border with Guro District . The Pungwe River forms the southern border with Manica and Gondola districts .
According to the Köppen climate classification , the district has tropical wet and dry climate , except for the Choa Mountains , where it is tropical humid . The annual rainfall varies between and .
History
The Kingdom of Barue was first mentioned in 1506 . In 1650 , the Portuguese under the command of António Lobo da Silva conquered it .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 49 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 29 % did speak Portuguese . The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language . 69 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Nhampassa ( three localities ) , Catandica ( three localities ) , and Serra Chôa ( two localities ) .
Economy
1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 15,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , sorghum , and sweet potato .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes of the national road EN102 connecting Chimoio and Tete .
References
Districts in Manica Province
Fort Phoenix is a former American Revolutionary War-era fort located at the entrance to the Fairhaven-New Bedford harbor , south of U.S. 6 in Fort Phoenix Park in Fairhaven , Massachusetts . The fort was originally built in 1775 without a name , and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 . Just off the fort , in Buzzards Bay , was the first naval engagement of the American Revolution , the Battle off Fairhaven on 14 May 1775 .
On 5–6 September 1778 , the fort was destroyed by the British when they raided the harbor . A force under Major Israel Fearing drove off the British , both at the fort and when they attempted an attack on the town the next day . The fort was then renamed Fort Fearing . In 1784 it was given the name `` Fort Phoenix '' after the mythical bird that rose from its own ashes .
The fort was rebuilt in 1798 , and rebuilt again in 1808 with 12 guns with Commonwealth resources , contemporary with but not part of the second system of US fortifications .
In the War of 1812 , bombarded the fort on 13 June 1814 when the local militia refused to surrender some guns . After an exchange of fire Nimrod sailed away . Local accounts differ as to whether she launched boats carrying a landing party that were driven off , or not . This event is confused in some references with an attack by the same ship on Falmouth on 29 January 1814 .
The fort currently has five iron cannons mounted on reproduction wooden carriages . The cannons are Model 1819 24-pounders . Their trunnions are marked , “ W.F. ” on one side and “ 1828 ” on the opposite side , indicating they were cast at the West Point Foundry in Cold Spring , New York , in the year 1828 . They were installed at the fort sometime before the Civil War along with three similar guns which were later transferred out of the fort near the end of the war .
There is also a smaller cannon at the fort which was captured by the Continental Marines during the raid on Nassau in the Bahamas in 1776 . This raid was the first amphibious landing on foreign soil by United States Marines . This gun has been in Fairhaven since about 1777 and one of those originally installed when the fort was built .
In recent years , two more cannons , mounted on field artillery carriages have been installed at the fort . Donated to the Town of Fairhaven by the New Bedford Whaling Museum , the barrels of the guns are thought to date to the War of 1812 , but they have no direct connection to Fort Phoenix .
The fort was rebuilt with a new powder magazine and regarrisoned with eight guns in the Civil War .
During World War II an Anti-Motor Torpedo Boat ( AMTB ) battery of four towed 37 mm guns was at the fort .
Today , historical encampments are staged at Fort Phoenix in the spring and fall by a local reenacting group , the Fairhaven Village Militia .
See also
Harbor Defenses of New Bedford
Acushnet Fort
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County , Massachusetts
List of military installations in Massachusetts
References
Government buildings completed in 1775
Phoenix
Phoenix
Buildings and structures in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Phoenix
Phoenix
Phoenix
Fairhaven , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
1775 establishments in Massachusetts
UOX may refer to :
Urate oxidase , a gene
IATA code for University-Oxford Airport
Uranium oxide ( UOx )
Sidney Davis ( April 1 , 1916 – October 16 , 2006 ) was an American director and producer who specialized in social guidance films .
Early life
Davis was born on April 1 , 1916 in Chicago , Illinois . He was born to a housepainter father and a seamstress mother . He moved to Los Angeles in 1920 . The family moved to Hollywood , California when Davis was four years old . In 1920 he began working as a child actor for a comedy made by Harold Lloyd . He began working in the film industry as a child , landing bit parts . He dropped out of junior high school to help support his parents . When he was older he often worked as a stand-in for Leif Erickson and John Wayne . Peter L. Stein of the San Francisco Chronicle said `` as a young man , because of his strapping stature , he earned steady work as a stand-in for John Wayne . ''
Filmmaking career
In November 1949 Linda Joyce Glucoft , a six-year-old girl in Los Angeles , California , was molested and murdered by a man named Fred Stroble . The story made front-page news in the Los Angeles Times for a week as police and the FBI searched for Stroble . The story was picked up by Time Magazine and other national media , and led to a flurry of reported rapes and attempted rapes . Some media began to speculate that the supposed epidemic of rape was simply media manipulation of public perception .
Davis stated that the tragedy particularly disturbed him because his then-six-year-old daughter Jill did not seem to pay attention to his warnings about strangers . Davis talked to John Wayne saying that a film about this should be made , and Wayne suggested that Davis make the film . Wayne gave Davis $ 1,000 ( $ when adjusted for inflation ) and used the money to make his first film , The Dangerous Stranger , a film he would remake at least twice over the next 30 years . The film tells the story of several young children—some of the children are kidnapped and eventually saved , others are kidnapped and never seen again . Davis used schoolchildren and police officers instead of professional actors . Peter L. Stein of the San Francisco Chronicle said `` [ t ] he film was a success among schools and police departments '' .
Davis sold copies of the film to schools and police departments , reaping a $ 250,000 profit . He used the money to make more than 150 films over the next few decades . Davis ' films are typically 10 to 30 minutes long ; he prided himself on making each one for $ 1,000 , a minuscule film budget even at that time . Due to the content of his films , people referred to him as the `` King of Calamity '' .
His films cover topics such as driver safety , marijuana use , heroin addiction , and gang warfare . Live and Learn ( 1951 ) , a fairly famous Davis film , features Jill cutting out paper dolls in her room . When her father comes home she jumps up to greet him , trips on the carpet , and impales herself on the scissors . Other children in the film are equally unlucky—falling off cliffs , being run over by cars , or losing vision in one eye from flying shards of glass .
One of Davis ' most notorious films , Boys Beware ( 1961 ) , produced with the cooperation of the Inglewood , California Police Department and the Inglewood Unified School District , warns boys of the perceived dangers of male homosexuals , predatory pedophiles . The film includes the line `` What Jimmy did n't know was that Ralph was sick—a sickness that was not visible like smallpox , but no less dangerous and contagious—a sickness of the mind . You see , Ralph was a homosexual : a person who demands an intimate relationship with members of their own sex . '' The same year , Davis made Girls Beware , warning girls not to put themselves into situations where they would be defenseless , a topic that Davis had covered at least 10 years earlier in his film Name Unknown , in which a man used a gun to accost a couple in isolated surroundings , forcing the boy into the trunk of the car and raping the girl .
Also in 1961 , Davis made the film Seduction of the Innocent , targeting teenagers with the message that marijuana use leads to heroin addiction , a message that many marijuana activists dispute as an example of a slippery slope fallacy . The film follows a teenage girl through her use of `` reds '' , `` pep pills '' , and 7-Up , to her first puff of marijuana , to her addiction to heroin , to her fate as a prostitute arrested on her twentieth birthday , `` lost to society '' . The film promises that `` she 'll continue her hopeless , degrading existence until she escapes in death . ''
In 1964 his company Sid Davis Productions distributed his film Too Tough to Care , aimed at undermining teenage resistance to anti-smoking education . The film used satire and humor , in a short story with no narration , to illustrate the misleading claims of cigarette advertising – an unconventional approach for its genre . The film garnered positive reviews in the mainstream press as well as coverage in academic journals .
Davis ' work is consistently about a relatively small group of themes : that strangers must be treated with caution , that the world itself is an unfriendly place , regardless of the presence of strangers , and that children must think before acting . His films typically feature monotonous narration suffused with what Mental Hygiene author Ken Smith calls a `` sledgehammer morality . '' His work is anecdotal and unsupported by evidence , and is notorious among social guidance films because Davis covered topics that scholarly film producers such as Coronet Films and Encyclopædia Britannica did not address . Coronet , Centron Corporation , and Britannica typically had teams of scholars with PhDs in sociology who guided development of their films . Davis , when he used consultants , rarely used anyone with a degree in a relevant field , instead he used policemen and detectives for their anecdotal advice .
Aside from his social warning films generally known for their bleakness , inaccuracy and simplistic presentations , Davis made some police training films such as Shotgun or Sidearm ? ( explaining which situations call for which firearms ) and military films such as LAPES and PLADS ( explaining delivery systems developed to allow planes to drop supplies onto exact locations in generally hostile territory in Vietnam ) .
Two atypical films in his social warning film canon are Gang Boy ( 1954 ) and Age 13 ( 1955 ) . Both were written and directed by Art Swerdloff . In Gang Boy , Mexican and Anglo gangs in southern California declare a truce and begin working together to make a better world for their younger siblings . The film was based on a true story that happened in Pomona , California in the 1950s .
After a few years of directing films , Davis continued as a cinematographer for his company , Sid Davis Productions , hiring others such as Art Swerdloff , Robert D. Ellis , and Ib Melchior to write and direct . Later he hired cinematographers to lens the films as well as office workers to distribute them , and spent his time enjoying his hobby of mountain climbing .
Davis became involved in the real estate market in Los Angeles during the 1950s , at a time when it was booming due to development resulting from the influx of people to work in the defense industry . Through income from his films , work as a stand-in , and real estate investments , Davis became a multimillionaire .
Later in his life , Davis became famous among mountain climbers , securing the world record for climbing California 's Mt . San Jacinto , climbing it 643 times over his life , the last time on September 1 , 1998 , at age 82 .
Filmography
Margalit Fox of The New York Times wrote `` Mr. Davis lost count of all the films he made , but there seem to have been at least 150 , perhaps as many as 200 . '' Fox , in the year 2006 , said `` [ t ] o modern audiences , Mr. Davis 's work can look like high camp . Some of his films have aged strikingly badly , in particular Boys Beware , [ ... ] '' Rick Prelinger , a historian specializing in nontheatrical films , stated that some of Davis 's works had , in 2006 , artistic merit , citing Age 13 and Gang Boy .
Availability of his films
Davis ' films Age 13 , Gang Boy , The Terrible Truth ( another anti-drug film ) , and The Dropout are available on Volume 5 of Rick Prelinger 's CD-ROM set Our Secret Century . His films The Terrible Truth and Boys Beware , are available online at archive.org here and here , respectively . His Film , The ABC of Walking Wisely , and a short , Santa and the Fairy Snow Queen , are available in digital form , with humorous commentary , from Rifftrax , an entertainment group made of performers previously with the similar Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
Personal life
In 1941 he met Norma Henkins , who worked as a film extra . Six months later , the two married . He had a daughter , Jill . Norma Henkins died in 1996 .
Death
Davis died in his house on October 16 , 2006 in Palm Desert , California at age 90 . The cause of death was lung cancer . At the time of his death , he had a companion , Shirley Friesen , and a grandson .
References
External links
Nelson , Valerie J . `` Sid Davis , 90 ; producer of cautionary films for classrooms in '50s , '60s '' . ( Information ) Los Angeles Times . November 8 , 2006 . California Metro ; Part B ; Metro Desk B8 .
`` Sid Davis , producer of 1950s school films , dies '' . Associated Press at NBC News . November 8 , 2006 .
Proffitt , Steve . `` Sid Davis , Cautionary Kid-Film Producer '' . NPR . November 9 , 2006 .
Sid Davis Comedian
1916 births
2006 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Film producers from Illinois
American male child actors
American male film actors
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from lung cancer
Film directors from California
Film directors from Illinois
Film producers from California
Male actors from Chicago
Male actors from Hollywood , Los Angeles
Propaganda film directors
Articles containing video clips
Let 's Stay Here is the ninth album by American singer , pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams , released April 21 , 2009 on Koch .
Track listing
External links
2009 albums
Oleta Adams albums
Magnesian limestone can refer to :
Dolomite ( rock ) , rock made of magnesium carbonate
Magnesian Limestone , the traditional name of a specific suite of Permian age rocks in north-east England
Fantasy Earth : The Book of Magic is a supplement published by Zody Games in 1994 for the fantasy role-playing game Fantasy Earth .
Description
Fantasy Earth : The Book of Magic is a 148-page perfect-bound book designed by Michael Zody , with art by Andy Jones . The book describes the simple magic system used in the Fantasy Earth role-playing game . It also details several hundred spells .
Reception
In the April 1996 edition of Dragon ( Issue # 228 ) , Rick Swan wondered why any publisher would create a new generic fantasy role-playing game , given the preponderance of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons , but then admitted that `` Michael Zody forged ahead anyway , with surprisingly credible results . '' Swan concluded , `` I do n't imagine many folks will be abandoning their AD & D Player 's Handbook for Fantasy Earth . But if you 're a supporter of the small press , or if you 're looking for a set of ready-made rules to graft onto a homemade setting , you could do worse than this . ''
Reviews
The Familiar ( Issue 2 , February 1995 )
References
Role-playing game books
Sri Rajadhi Rajasinha ( Sinhala : ශ්‍රී රාජාධි රාජසිංහ , Tamil : ஸ்ரீ ராஜாதி ராஜசிங்கம் ; reigned 1782–1798 ) was a member of the Madurai royal family and succeeded his brother , Kirti Sri Rajasinha as King of Kandy in 1782 .
Early life
Sri Rajashi Rajasinghe was the second son of Lord Narendrappa Nayakkar of Madurai Nayakkar clan . He succeeded his elder brother King Keerthi Sri Rajasinghe on 2 January 1782 .
Marriages
He had five Nayakkar wives . His Queen Consort was Alamelu Ammal Devi . His thired wife , Rangammal Devi , who was a younger sister of Queen Consort . His second wife was Upendra Ammal Devi who was arrived from Rameshwaram , South India . He appointed Siriyammal Devi as Royal Concubine his fourth wife , who was another younger sister of Queen Consort . And also he had mistresses , a couple of them were more popular . He kept his elder brother Keerthi Sri Rajasinghe 's Royal Councubine Mampitiye Devi as a mistress , so she interference to the royal court during last three rulers ' reigns . Lady Subbramma Nayak , who was a younger sister of second consort Upendra Ammal Devi became Rajadhi Rajasinghe 's mistress after her husband was died . Later she became the mother of Sri Wickrama Rajasinghe , who was the last king of Kandy .
But any of his five Nayakkar wives had not any issue .
Reign
Sri Rajadhi Rajasinghe was ruled the Kandyan Kingdom more than 16 years . During his reign he could maintain a peaceful affair with Dutch army . The most famous joker Andare was served to him . Like his brother he had done a great contribution to the Buddhism and Literature during his reign .
succession
Base on the Nayakkar tradition , he was named Prince Muttusami as the heir apparent , who was younger brother of Queen Consort Alamelu Ammal and offered him the rank , `` Duke the Great '' . But after his unexpected death by falling down from Royal elephant , his mistress Lady Subbramma Nayak 's son ( known as Rajadhi Rajasinghe 's illegitimate son ) was crowned as new king .
See also
Mahavamsa
List of monarchs of Sri Lanka
History of Sri Lanka
Sources
Kings & Rulers of Sri Lanka
1798 deaths
Monarchs of Kandy
Year of birth unknown
Rajasinha
Rajasinha
S
Science Europe is an association of major research funding organisations ( RFOs ) and research performing organisations ( RPOs ) . It was established in October 2011 and is based in Brussels .
The association facilitates co-operation among its members and supports excellence in science and research in all disciplines , acting as a platform to develop positions on research policy issues and to address policy messages to the European institutions , researchers , national governments , and the public .
The RFOs and RPOs that make up Science Europe share a common mission : to fund and perform excellent research in a world where scientific communities are less and less shaped by national borders . They also share the responsibility of managing a substantial proportion of national public research investments in Europe . Science Europe was established by its members to act as a platform to share experience and practice , develop , and deploy collective strategies to face their common challenges , as well as to speak with one voice to other science policy stakeholders when it is relevant to do so .
The policy-related work of Science Europe is guided by a roadmap . This document outlines the strategic objectives for Science Europe , as well as nine `` Priority Action Areas '' on which its member organisations collaborate .
Member organizations
The members of Science Europe are `` Research Funding and Research Performing Organisations '' :
Austria : Austrian Science Fund ( FWF ) .
Belgium : National Fund for Scientific Research ( FRS-FNRS ) , Research Foundation - Flanders ( FWO ) .
Bulgaria : Bulgarian Academy of Sciences .
Czech Republic : Czech Science Foundation ( GACR ) .
Croatia : Croatian Science Foundation ( HRZZ ) .
Denmark : Danish Council for Independent Research ( DFF ) , Danish national Research Foundation ( DG ) .
Estonia : Estonian Research Council ( ETAG ) .
Finland : Academy of Finland ( AKA ) .
France : Agence nationale de la recherche ( ANR ) .
Germany : Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( DFG ) , Max Planck Society ( MPG ) , Leibniz Association .
Iceland : Icelandic Centre for Research ( Rannís ) .
Ireland : Health Research Board ( HRB ) , Irish Research Council ( IRC ) , Science Foundation Ireland ( SFI ) .
Italy : National Research Council ( CNR ) , National Institute for Nuclear Physics ( INFN ) .
Latvia : Latvian Science Council ( LZP ) .
Lithuania : Research Council of Lithuania ( LMT ) .
Luxembourg : National Research Fund ( FNR ) .
Netherlands : Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research ( NWO ) .
Norway : Research Council of Norway ( RCN ) .
Poland : Foundation for Polish Science ( FNP ) , National Science Centre ( NCN ) .
Portugal : Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia ( FCT ) .
Romania : Executive Agency for Higher Education , Research , Development and Innovation Funding of Romania ( UEFISCDI ) .
Slovakia : Slovak Research and Development Agency ( APVV ) .
Slovenia : Slovenian Research Agency ( ARRS ) .
Spain : Spanish National Research Council ( CSIC ) , Spanish State Research Agency ( AEI ) .
Sweden : Swedish Research Council for Health , Working Life and Welfare ( FORTE ) , Swedish Research Council for Sustainable Development ( FORMAS ) , Swedish Research Council ( VR ) .
Switzerland : Swiss National Science Foundation ( SNSF ) .
United Kingdom : UK Research and Innovation ( UKRI ) .
Areas of Activity
Science Europe carries out advocacy and policy activities in a variety of research policy areas , including :
Cross-border Collaboration
Gender and Diversity
Green and Digital Transition
EU Framework Programmes : Horizon 2020 and Horizon Europe
Innovation and Impact
Open Access to Scientific Publications ( including the development and promotion of Plan S and a focus on Diamond open access )
Open Science
Research Assessment
Research Careers
Research Data
Research Infrastructures
Research Integrity
Dedicated working groups , high level policy networks , and task forces are set up around these policy areas to make concrete progress on finding common approaches ; these groups draw on the extensive experience of the Member Organisations . Science Europe regularly publishes position statements , practical guides , policy briefs , survey reports , and other documents on these topics which provide analyses , present results , and make recommendations for research stakeholders .
EU Legislation & Regulatory Affairs
Science Europe is active on topics relating to EU legislation and regulatory affairs which have a large impact on the research sector , current topics include :
Directive on Copyright
General Data Protection Regulation
Directive on Protection of Animals Used for Scientific Purposes
Regulation on the Free Flow of Non-personal Data
Review of the Directive on Public Sector Information
See also
Plan S – an open access initiative launched by a consortium of research funding organisations led by Science Europe
References
External links
Scientific organizations established in 2011
International organisations based in Belgium
Science and technology in Europe
Space is the third extended play ( EP ) by British YouTuber and rapper KSI . It was independently released for digital download and streaming on 30 June 2017 . The EP was preceded by its first and only single , `` Creature '' .
Background
In February 2017 , KSI `` blacked out '' all of his YouTube and social media accounts , as well as deleting around 600 YouTube videos , worth over two billion views , and deleting all of his social media posts . On 23 February 2017 , in an interview with DramaAlert , KSI explained his actions , confirming that he was n't `` promoting anything '' . He continued to say that he does n't `` care about the fame or the money '' and he is `` sick of trying to portray himself as a certain thing which he is n't '' , describing himself as being `` a clown for many years '' . He confirmed that he would not be uploading to YouTube for the foreseeable future .
Speaking to GRM Daily in July 2017 about his break from YouTube , KSI said , `` I feel like with the whole KSI thing , it was sick do n't get me wrong , I 've enjoyed making all these videos , entertaining people , making people laugh and all that . But it 's kind of to the point where I 've been there , done that , now I wan na do what I wan na do . I felt like an evolution was needed to prove to people that I can do what I feel is necessary in my life , and that was the same feeling with this whole Space EP . I just wanted it to be truthful . I want people to actually see how I was feeling from my eyes about what I was going through '' . He continued , `` I think it was near the end of last year when I was doing a book , a movie , dropped an EP , lots of youtube videos , I was just doing so much it got to the point where I started getting stressed and it really started to hinder me . I started getting ill and everything . It was just a bit too much and I was like `` yo , right now what do I wan na do with myself ? '' ''
Promotion and release
Space was independently released for digital download and streaming on 30 June 2017 .
Singles
`` Creature '' was released as the Lead single from the EP on 23 June 2017 . An accompanying music video for the song was released on 27 June 2017 .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal .
KSIsongwriting , vocals
DJ Turkishengineering
Zagorproduction , songwriting
Oscar LoBruttoengineering
Swayproduction , songwriting
Charles Cookproduction , songwriting , engineering
GK Beatsproduction , songwriting
Sammy Sosoproduction , songwriting
Charts
Release history
Notes
References
2017 EPs
KSI albums
RBC Records albums
BMG Rights Management albums
Dino Barsotti ( born 1 January 1903 in Livorno , died 12 June 1985 , aged 82 ) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
In 1932 he won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the men 's eight competition . Four years later he won his second silver medal as part of the Italian boat in the eight event .
References
External links
profile
1903 births
Sportspeople from Livorno
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
1985 deaths
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Karen `` Duff '' Duffy is an American writer , model , television personality , and actress . She is a certified hospital chaplain , a former Coney Island Mermaid Queen , and one of People Magazine 's `` 50 Most Beautiful People '' in 1993 . In 1995 , Duffy was diagnosed with a rare form of the disease sarcoidosis called neurosarcoidosis . Since then , she 's written two books about her experience living with chronic pain and is a member of the Alliance for the Ethical Treatment of Pain Patients .
Early life
Duffy was born in New York City , the daughter of Carol , a homemaker , and Phil , a developer She was raised Catholic , and is of Irish descent . She attended Park Ridge High School in Park Ridge , New Jersey , graduating in 1979 . She received a bachelor 's degree in recreational therapy from the University of Colorado Boulder .
Film and television career
By 1989 , Duffy was modeling and appearing in television commercials . She was a VJ for MTV in the early 1990s , under the name `` Duff . '' She had small roles in a handful of films including Dumb and Dumber and Blank Check , and by 1995 was working as a correspondent for documentary filmmaker Michael Moore on his television shows TV Nation and The Awful Truth . She also was a Revlon `` Charlie Girl '' as well as the face of Almay Cosmetics , and co-hosted the pay-per-view television event , Elvis : The Tribute from the Memphis Pyramid in 1994 with Kris Kristofferson .
In 2006 , Duffy hosted House of Tiny Terrors on TLC . On July 7 , 2007 , she appeared on the Live Earth telecast on the Bravo Channel as a co-host at Giants Stadium , East Rutherford , New Jersey .
In 2008 , Duffy began working with New York City 's NYC Media on a series of emergency preparedness videos . The videos , which mimic the style of the network TV show Secrets of New York , help raise awareness of the perils of natural disasters and preventative actions families should take to prepare for them .
Writing and speaking on sarcoidosis
In 1995 , Duffy was diagnosed with a rare form of the disease sarcoidosis called neurosarcoidosis . Her brain and spinal cord were affected , leaving her partially paralyzed .
Duffy is the author of the New York Times bestselling memoir Model Patient : My Life as an Incurable Wise-Ass . In her latest book , Backbone : Living With Chronic Pain Without Turning Into One , she describes her ongoing incurable disease and constant pain , using humor and acceptance of her condition to cope . She was inspired to write the second book by Lord Byron , who wrote `` Always laugh when you can , it is cheap medicine . ''
Her articles on a wide range of subjects have appeared in numerous media outlets , including The New York Times and Oprah Magazine . She spoke at the 2018 US Pain Foundation annual gala .
Personal life
She married John Lambros in 1997 . They have one son , Jack `` Lefty '' Lambros , who was born via surrogate in 2003 .
Filmography
Bibliography
Karen Duffy . Model Patient : My Life as an Incurable Wise-Ass . 2001. .
Karen Duffy . A Slob in the Kitchen . 2004. .
Karen Duffy . Backbone : Living With Chronic Pain Without Turning Into One .
References
External links
Former MTV VJ tells of battle with chronic illness , by Kat Carney . September 19 , 2003 , CNN.com .
COURTTV.COM ONAIR
Bravo TV Live Earth Bio
Female models from New Jersey
Actresses from New York City
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actresses
American television actresses
Television personalities from New York City
American women television personalities
American people of Irish descent
American people with disabilities
American voice actresses
Living people
People from Park Ridge , New Jersey
VJs ( media personalities )
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Catholics from New York ( state )
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
Female models from New York ( state )
Models from New York City
Year of birth missing ( living people )
In mathematics , a topological SpaceX is contractible if the identity map on X is null-homotopic , i.e . if it is homotopic to some constant map . Intuitively , a contractible space is one that can be continuously shrunk to a point within that space .
Properties
A contractible space is precisely one with the homotopy type of point . It follows that all the homotopy groups of a contractible space are trivial . Therefore any space with a nontrivial homotopy group can not be contractible . Similarly , since singular homology is a homotopy invariant , the reduced homology groups of a contractible space are all trivial .
For a topological SpaceX the following are all equivalent :
X is contractible ( i.e . the identity map is null-homotopic ) .
X is homotopy equivalent to a one-point space .
X deformation retracts onto a point . ( However , there exist contractible spaces which do not strongly deformation retract to a point . )
For any space Y , any two maps f , g : Y → X are homotopic .
For any space Y , any map f : Y → X is null-homotopic .
The cone on a SpaceX is always contractible . Therefore any space can be embedded in a contractible one ( which also illustrates that subspaces of contractible spaces need not be contractible ) .
Furthermore , X is contractible if and only if there exists a retraction from the cone of X to X .
Every contractible space is path connected and simply connected . Moreover , since all the higher homotopy groups vanish , every contractible space is n-connected for all n ≥ 0 .
Locally contractible spaces
A topological SpaceX is locally contractible at a point x if for every neighborhood U of x there is a neighborhood V of x contained in U such that the inclusion of V is nulhomotopic in U . A space is locally contractible if it is locally contractible at every point . This definition is occasionally referred to as the `` geometric topologist 's locally contractible , '' though is the most common usage of the term . In Hatcher 's standard Algebraic Topology text , this definition is referred to as `` weakly locally contractible , '' though that term has other uses .
If every point has a local base of contractible neighborhoods , then we say that X is strongly locally contractible . Contractible spaces are not necessarily locally contractible nor vice versa . For example , the comb space is contractible but not locally contractible ( if it were , it would be locally connected which it is not ) . Locally contractible spaces are locally n-connected for all n ≥ 0 . In particular , they are locally simply connected , locally path connected , and locally connected . The circle is ( strongly ) locally contractible but not contractible .
Strong local contractibility is a strictly stronger property than local contractibility ; the counterexamples are sophisticated , the first being given by Borsuk and Mazurkiewicz in their paper Sur les rétractes absolus indécomposables , C.R .. Acad . Sci . Paris 199 ( 1934 ) , 110-112 ) .
There is some disagreement about which definition is the `` standard '' definition of local contractibility ; the first definition is more commonly used in geometric topology , especially historically , whereas the second definition fits better with the typical usage of the term `` local '' with respect to topological properties . Care should always be taken regarding the definitions when interpreting results about these properties .
Examples and counterexamples
Any Euclidean space is contractible , as is any star domain on a Euclidean space .
The Whitehead manifold is contractible .
Spheres of any finite dimension are not contractible .
The unit sphere in an infinite-dimensional Hilbert space is contractible .
The house with two rooms is a standard example of a space which is contractible , but not intuitively so .
The Dunce hat is contractible , but not collapsible .
The cone on a Hawaiian earring is contractible ( since it is a cone ) , but not locally contractible or even locally simply connected .
All manifolds and CW complexes are locally contractible , but in general not contractible .
The Warsaw circle is obtained by `` closing up '' the topologist 's sine curve by an arc connecting ( 0 , −1 ) and ( 1 , sin ( 1 ) ) . It is a one-dimensional continuum whose homotopy groups are all trivial , but it is not contractible .
See also
References
Topology
Homotopy theory
Properties of topological spaces
Jens Assur ( born April 29 , 1970 ) is a Swedish photographer , director , scriptwriter , and film producer .
His movie , Killing the Chickens , to Scare the Monkeys , premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2011 and has since won a number of prizes .
At the Sundance Film Festival in 2012 , Assur was given the Sundance/NHK International Filmmakers Award for his movies , The Last Dog in Rwanda , and Killing the Chickens , to Scare the Monkeys , and for the script for his first feature film Close Far Away .
Early career
Assur started his career at Dagbladet in Sundsvall , as a reporter and photographer , 1986–1990 . Between 1990 and 1997 he was employed as a staff photographer at Expressen , a daily newspaper in Scandinavia . He produced several photo essays from Somalia , Rwanda , South Africa and the former Yugoslavia amongst other countries earning a Photographer of the year award at the age of 23 . In 1997 Assur left Expressen to start his company Studio Jens Assur and worked on art and film projects .
During the 1990s Assur depicted developing countries , but in recent years he has switched focus to the industrialized parts of the world . Examples of these are his works This is My Time , This is My Life , Hunger and Thailand – A Charter Paradise .
In addition to his art and film projects , Assur lectures and is featured on news programmes , television shows and in magazines .
Photography
Under the Shifting Skies/Och himlen därovan ( 1997–2001 ) comprises two books of 256 pages each and a travelling exhibition with 70 photographic images blown up to 1.5 x 2 meters . The exhibition was itinerant and attracted an attendance of 80,000 at its opening at Arbetets museum in Norrköping .
In 1999 Assur 's work was featured in an edition of Life magazine devoted to the Olympic Games in Sydney .
This is My Time , This is My Life ( 2003–2006 ) depicts Stockholm youth via Polaroid instant images . The exhibition was launched at the Moderna Museet in Stockholm , 2006 .
In 2006 , Assur worked for the Swedish Red Cross on its marketing campaign , Victims of War . The project portrays the daily lives of victims of war in Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo and included a fundraising drive .
I Can See the World From Here ( 2007 ) is based on photos taken with a pocket camera , and was exhibited at Färgfabriken in Stockholm .
Hunger ( 2009–2010 ) comprised five photography books which were sent to influential public opinion makers ahead of the Swedish general election in 2010 , stirring debate in the media . The project culminated in an exhibition at Kulturhuset in Stockholm .
Thailand – A Charter Paradise ( 2011 ) is an Artist 's book consisting of handmade photo albums , produced in an edition of 250 , focusing on Swedes ' travels to Thailand .
For Black Box ( 2012 ) Assur created a photo-series called `` Supermegacities '' , which shows the effect of migration in the most influential cities . Each image is cut into 12 individual tiles . In each Black Box a random selection of these tiles will allow the receiver to create their own work of art consisting of different pieces of the global metropolises . By allowing the spectator to become an active participant and creator , Studio Assur brings to life not only its own view of the global culture but also that of every unique individual who is a part of it . To extend the interaction further a website is available where people can connect with other Black Box owners . There they can swap their tiles to collect their favourite image or post their own abstract art pieces created from the contents of the Black Box .
With a goal to challenge the image of Africa that dominates media , Assur visited 12 African metropolitans for
Africa is a Great Country ( 2013 ) , so as to give a different perspective . An image of the African continent that is moving forward and developing at record speed with several countries topping the lists of the world 's fastest growing . Through 40 super sized images ( 2.5 x 3.5 meter ) Assur depicts the hyper urbanisation ; a raising middle class ; and the architecture , infrastructure and development of some of the largest metropolitan areas . Assur uses the large format camera 's precision and scope to draw the audience into the images . Africa is a Great Country was shown at Liljevalchs in Stockholm in 2013 and toured Sweden and Africa during 2013/15 .
Films
The Last Dog in Rwanda ( 2006 ) was Assur 's writing and directing debut portraying the Rwandan genocide of 1994 , the short film was shot in South Africa and Sweden . Swedish actors Reine Brynolfsson and Jonas Karlsson played the main characters . Drawing from Assur 's experiences as a war photographer , the film won the Grand Prix at Clermont Ferrand and Best Film at Tribeca Film Festival , as well as prizes at film festivals in Sydney and Rome .
Killing the Chickens , to Scare the Monkeys ( 2011 ) is a short film set in the People 's Republic of China . The film was one of 25 films featured at the 2011 Cannes film festival in the Director 's Fortnight category .
Publications
Under the Shifting Skies/Och himlen därovan ( 2001 )
Hunger ( 2010 )
Thailand – A Charter Paradise ( 2011 )
Africa is a Great Country ( 2013 )
Filmography
The Last Dog in Rwanda ( 2006 ) – director and screenwriter ; short film
Killing the Chickens , to Scare the Monkeys ( 2011 ) – director and screenwriter ; short film
A Society ( 2012 ) – director and screenwriter ; short film
Hot Nasty Teen ( 2014 ) – director and screenwriter ; short film
Ravens ( 2017 )
References
External links
20th-century Swedish photographers
21st-century Swedish photographers
Swedish film directors
Living people
1970 births
Live at Bradley 's is a live album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded in New York in 1996 and first released on the French EmArcy label in Europe in 2001 then on Sunnyside Records in the US in 2002 .
Reception
In her review on Allmusic , Judith Schlesinger noted `` This CD was recorded live at the Greenwich Village bar that , for 25 years , showcased the best jazz pianists in the world . The atmosphere was relaxed and intimate , the audience hip and respectful ; this collection reflects that history as it reveals three veteran masters at their best . Here are extended explorations of five varied tunes , featuring the elegant fluidity of Kenny Barron 's piano , the fat sound and ever-swinging pulse of Ray Drummond 's bass , and the superb intricacy of Ben Riley on drums ... This is an excellent CD full of serenely joyful energy , and it reveals new layers of delight with each spin '' . In JazzTimes Doug Ramsey wrote `` Barron , bassist Ray Drummond and drummer Ben Riley stretch out in performances of five pieces captured with admirable fidelity by engineer Jim Anderson '' . On All About Jazz Samuel Chell said `` Kenny Barron has never sounded better to me on record . After listening to him in this setting , I 'm beginning to understand why so many musicians lamented the passing of Bradley 's , the Manhattan night spot that featured a grand piano handpicked and donated by Paul Desmond '' .
Track listing
`` Everybody Loves My Baby '' ( Spencer Williams , Jack Palmer ) – 15:27
`` Solar '' ( Miles Davis ) – 11:26
`` Blue Moon '' ( Richard Rodgers , Lorenz Hart ) – 9:44
`` Alter Ego '' ( James Williams ) – 13:23
`` Canadian Sunset '' ( Eddie Heywood , Norman Gimbel ) – 15:51
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Ray Drummond – bass
Ben Riley – drums
References
Kenny Barron live albums
2001 live albums
EmArcy Records live albums
Sunnyside Records live albums
The men 's light welterweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona , Spain , was held between June 25 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion .
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events , the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament . Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals , so no boxers competed again after their first loss .
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time ( UTC+2 ) .
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Palapa is a series of Communications satellites owned by Indosat , an Indonesian telecommunications company ( formerly by Perumtel and then by PT Satelit Palapa Indonesia/Satelindo ) . Starting with the first in July 1976 , at which time Indonesia became the first developing country to operate its own domestic satellite system . The estimated cost for the project was US $ 1 billion .
History
The first satellite , Palapa-A1 of , was launched on 8 July 1976 at 23:31 UTC from Kennedy Space Center by a Delta 2914 launch vehicle , or at 06:31 Indonesian Time on 9 July 1976 . Palapa-A2 was launched on 10 March 1977 .
The name `` Palapa '' was bestowed by then Indonesian President Suharto , after the Palapa oath sworn by Gajah Mada , the Prime Minister of Majapahit Kingdom , in 1334 . According to the Pararaton ( Book of Kings ) , Gajah Mada swore that he would not taste any palapa ( historians suggest it refers to spice or a kind of flavouring ) , as long as he had not succeeded in unifying Nusantara ( the Indonesian archipelago ) . After watching the launching of the satellite via television in Jakarta , President Suharto revealed his reason on naming the satellite `` palapa '' ; to show that Indonesia had a glorious past , and also hope that the system can unite the archipelago .
Palapa-B1 was deployed by the STS-7 shuttle mission on 18 June 1983 . Palapa-B2 was launched from STS-41-B on 3 February 1984 , to be put into service afterward , but the perigee kick motor ( also known as the Payload Assist Module , or PAM ) on the satellite failed during its approach to geosynchronous orbit , placing it at an improper and inoperable low Earth orbit . It was retrieved on 16 November 1984 , by the STS-51A mission of NASA 's Space Shuttle , where it was brought back to Earth . The Space Shuttle mission to retrieve Palapa-B2 as well as the Westar-6 satellite which shared the launch payload with Palapa-B2 , was partially funded by the insurance companies led by Lloyd 's of London who insured the launch of those two satellites . Palapa-B2P was launched on 20 March 1987 . Palapa-B2 was renamed as Palapa-B2R and launched on 13 April 1990 . Palapa-B4 was launched on 14 May 1992 .
Palapa-C1 was launched on 1 February 1996 . Palapa-C2 was launched on 16 May 1996 .
The Palapa-D satellite was manufactured by Thales Alenia Space and launched aboard a Chinese Long March 3B launch vehicle on 31 August 2009 . However it failed to reach the intended orbit following a failure of the third stage of the launch vehicle to reignite as planned . Spacebus satellite bus was maneuvered into the correct geosynchronous orbit by September 2009 , but this left it with only enough fuel for 10 years in orbit . This US $ 200 million satellite has more transponders than its predecessors ( 40 transponders , Palapa-C2 only has 36 ) . 16 ( 40 % ) of its transponders are used by Indosat for their own purposes while the other 24 ( 60 % ) are rented to others . Indosat used Palapa-D for their broadband internet service ( IM2 ) with Ku-band technology ( 12/14 GHz ) . At the end of October 2009 , Palapa D started its airing operations .
Lighthouse project
The Palapa project was one of the Lighthouse projects instituted during the New Order period to build national pride . Other lighthouse projects during the New Order included transport infrastructure , the Taman Mini Indonesia Indah theme park and the national aircraft company . Most of these involved extravagant inauguration ceremonies with the officials who oversaw the projects in the spotlight . In the inauguration ceremony of the Palapa satellite system , President Suharto used a switch with 17 jewels ( 17 is the date of Indonesia 's Proclamation of Independence ) in the shape of a traditional dagger or kris . Besides symbolizing national unity and concretely helping unite the country as the satellite served its purpose as communication infrastructure , the satellite also tied advanced technology to Javanese tradition as epitomized by the inauguration ceremony .
References
External links
Gunter 's Space Page - information on Palapa-B
Palapa A at Boeing Palapa-A
Palapa-C2 at Lyngsat
Palapa-D at Lyngsat
Communication satellites
Communications in Indonesia
Space program of Indonesia
The facies of the pile dwellings and of the dammed settlements ( Italian : facies delle palafitte e degli abitati arginati ) is a cultural aspect of the Middle to Late Bronze Age ( c. 1600 to 1300 BC ) that developed between eastern Lombardy , Trentino and western Veneto . It was followed in the Final Bronze Age by the Proto-Villanovan culture and by the Luco culture .
The continuity with the previous Polada culture of the Early Bronze Age seems to be unbroken . The villages , as in the previous phase , are on stilts and they were concentrated in the area of the Lake of Garda . In the plains appeared instead villages with levees and ditches .
The bronze metallurgy ( weapons , work tools , etc . ) was well developed among these populations . As for the burial customs both cremation and inhumation were praticted . Sometimes the two rites coexisted in the same necropolis , as at `` Olmo di Nogara '' .
Archaeological evidence suggests that the society was probably dominated by a warrior elite .
Notes
Bibliography
Anna Maria Bietti Sestieri , L'Italia nell'età del bronzo e del ferro : dalle palafitte a Romolo ( 2200-700 a.C. ) . with CD-ROM . Rome : Carocci . 2010. .
Archaeological cultures of Western Europe
Archaeology of Italy
Italian culture
USS Anacostia is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy , after the Anacostia River :
, was a tugboat and patrol boat during the Civil War .
, was an oiler commissioned on 25 February 1945 .
References
United States Navy ship names
A puppet ruler is a person who has a title indicating possession of political power , but who , in reality , is either loyal to or controlled by outside individuals or forces . Such outside power can be exercised by a foreign government , in which case the puppet ruler 's domain is called a puppet state . But the puppet ruler may also be controlled by internal forces , such as non-elected officials .
Examples
In Latin America
Governing through puppet presidents has long been a political tactic in Latin America . Many dictators and strongmen have formally handed over power to other officials for several reasons , often in order to follow constitutional provisions for elections and term limits , to provide a civilian façade for military rule , or to be able to go into semi-retirement away from the capital city . Strongmen who sometimes governed through figureheads included Diego Portales of Chile , Rafael Núñez of Colombia , Tomás Guardia Gutiérrez of Costa Rica , Fulgencio Batista of Cuba , Ulises Heureaux and Rafael Trujillo of the Dominican Republic , Gabriel García Moreno of Ecuador , Raoul Cédras of Haiti , Porfirio Díaz and Plutarco Elías Calles of Mexico , the Somoza family of Nicaragua , José Antonio Remón Cantera , Omar Torrijos and Manuel Noriega of Panama , Dési Bouterse of Suriname , and Antonio Guzmán Blanco and Juan Vicente Gómez of Venezuela . While figureheads who decided to act autonomously were often dismissed , on rare occasions the `` puppets '' later became significant political figures in their own right . For example , Lázaro Cárdenas turned against and exiled Calles to the United States and Joaquín Balaguer was elected to the Dominican presidency six times after the assassination of Trujillo .
In the United States
A puppet does not have to be a national ruler . For example , Oscar K. Allen was widely recognized to be Huey Long 's puppet while serving as governor of Louisiana .
Some critics and members of the media claimed that former President George W. Bush was a puppet of his vice president , Dick Cheney . Shortly after Bush was elected in 2000 , for example , Saturday Night Live ran a skit where Bush , played by Will Ferrell , laments that `` Cheney 's going to be one tough boss . '' However , these claims have likely been inflated . While Cheney had a strong influence on Bush and may have , at times , manipulated him , Cheney likely can not be considered a true puppet ruler .
Elsewhere
In the years before and during World War II , Puyi , the deposed Emperor of China , is usually considered to have been the puppet ruler of Manchukuo , a client state of the Empire of Japan on the Chinese mainland .
Current ( as of 2021 ) Prime Minister of Serbia Ana Brnabić , cited by political scientist Krzysztof Zuba as an example of a head of government with extensive political dependence on a leader of the governing party , has been described by opposition leaders and some observers as a puppet for President Aleksandar Vučić , whose office is constitutionally ceremonial with no significant executive power . Brnabić never denied this , and even said that Vučić should act as a `` mentor '' of the prime minister .
References
Government
Politics
The Best of Shawn Colvin is a compilation album by Shawn Colvin released on July 20 , 2010 .
Track listing
Never Saw Blue Like That
In the Bleak Mid-winter
Little Road to Bethlehem
Sunny Came Home
When the Rainbow Comes
Every Little Thing ( He ) Does Is Magic
One Cool Remove
If These Walls Could Speak
Get Out of This House
Steady On
Wichita Skyline
You and the Mona Lisa
A Matter of Minutes
Now the Day Is Over
Polaroids
Shotgun Down the Avalanche
References
2010 compilation albums
Shawn Colvin albums
Voris is a Dutch surname , derived from Voorhees ( surname ) . Notable people with the surname include :
Dick Voris , American football player and coach
Jeff Voris , American football coach
Michael Voris ( born 1961 ) , American Roman Catholic activist and apologist
Roy Marlin Voris ( 1919–2005 ) , American aviator and World War II flying ace
See also
Voris Marker ( 1908–1973 ) , American fashion designer and sculptor .
Voorhees ( disambiguation )
References
WFCI ( 89.5 FM ) is a radio station in Franklin , Indiana , owned by Franklin College . It primarily rebroadcasts public radio station WFYI-FM in Indianapolis .
History
WFCI began broadcasting at 89.3 MHz on October 15 , 1960 . Broadcasting from a tower emblazoned with the call letters atop Yandell Cline Hall on the FC campus , the station 's initial programming featured classical music , educational features , and local college and high school sports events .
Like many noncommercial educational stations of the time , WFCI initially broadcast with 10 watts . However , by the late 1970s , the station began exploring a power increase . In May 1976 , the station applied to move to 89.5 MHz and increase its power to 4,000 watts . The move was prompted when a co-channel college radio station in Louisville , Kentucky , offered to donate its 3,000-watt transmitter to Franklin College as it pursued a power increase of its own . The proposed technical changes met with a detractor : WRTV , the channel 6 television station in Indianapolis . Channel 6 , between 82 and 88 MHz , is adjacent to the noncommercial educational reserved band . WRTV warned that the WFCI power boost would impair reception of its signal in Franklin . The WRTV dispute dragged on , with the WFCI improvements in the balance , until the two parties settled in 1981 ; WRTV dropped its opposition and the station cut back its planned increase to 500 watts . After having been with the station since its beginning , founding director Raymond Cowan retired at the end of the 1984–85 school year .
It would not be until 1985 , however , that the power increase finally occurred . After being silent all year , WFCI activated a new transmitter facility on the WTTV tower near Trafalgar and increased its power to 1,000 watts that October . By this time , the station was airing a contemporary hit radio format tailored to a student audience .
WFCI shifted toward a more typical alternative rock music format in the 1990s , putting it up against Indianapolis station WRZX ( 103.3 FM ) .
Partnership with WFYI
In the summer of 2004 , several Indiana radio station licenses were challenged by Hoosier Public Radio of Greenfield , run by Marty Hensley . These school-operated stations , including WFCI , did not broadcast a full 24-hour day , and Hoosier tried to force them into sharing time with them on their frequencies by way of a little-used FCC rule . This produced a problem for WFCI , because it was entirely run by student DJs . In the wake of the challenge , WFCI began broadcasting 24 hours a day with the aid of automation equipment .
In January 2005 , Franklin College announced it would strike a partnership with Indianapolis public radio station WFYI-FM to begin simulcasting its programming ; in exchange for air time , Franklin College journalism students would be offered partnerships and internships at WFYI . The WFYI partnership also provided a strong public radio signal to Johnson County for the first time . Talks between the two began in late 2004 when WFYI visited the college for an Indiana gubernatorial debate . WFYI-FM programming began airing on WFCI on January 31 , 2005 ; since then , the station 's only opt-outs from WFYI programming have been student-produced broadcasts of college sporting events .
References
External links
WFYI website
NPR member stations
FCI
1960 establishments in Indiana
Radio stations established in 1960
Franklin College ( Indiana )
Minangkabau may refer to :
Minangkabau culture , culture of the Minangkabau people
Minangkabau Culture Documentation and Information Center
Minangkabau F.C. , a football club based in Padang , West Sumatra
Minangkabau Highlands , West Sumatra
Minangkabau International Airport , West Sumatra
Minangkabau International Airport railway station , an airport railway station
Minangkabau Airport Rail Link , an airport rail link services
Minangkabau ( legend ) , a folklore story
Minangkabau people , an ethnic group indigenous to the Minangkabau Highlands of West Sumatra
Overseas Minangkabau , demographic group of Minangkabau people of Minangkabau Highlands origin in West Sumatra , Indonesia who have settled in other parts of the world
Minangkabau language
Minangkabau War or Padri War , fought in the Minangkabau Highlands from 1803 to 1837
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Bangre is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1776 people living in 350 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Emamiyeh ( , also Romanized as Emāmīyeh ; also known as Emāmīan ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 150 , in 39 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
In evolutionary developmental biology , homeosis is the transformation of one organ into another , arising from mutation in or misexpression of certain developmentally critical genes , specifically homeotic genes . In animals , these developmental genes specifically control the development of organs on their anteroposterior axis . In plants , however , the developmental genes affected by homeosis may control anything from the development of a stamen or petals to the development of chlorophyll . Homeosis may be caused by mutations in Hox genes , found in animals , or others such as the MADS-box family in plants . Homeosis is a characteristic that has helped insects become as successful and diverse as they are .
Homeotic mutations work by changing segment identity during development . For example , the Ultrabithorax genotype gives a phenotype wherein metathoracic and first abdominal segments become mesothoracic segments . Another well-known example is Antennapedia : a gain-of-function allele causes legs to develop in the place of antennae .
In botany , Rolf Sattler has revised the concept of homeosis ( replacement ) by his emphasis on partial homeosis in addition to complete homeosis ; this revision is now widely accepted .
Homeotic mutants in angiosperms are thought to be rare in the wild : in the annual plant Clarkia ( Onagraceae ) , homeotic mutants are known where the petals are replaced by a second whorl of sepal-like organs , originating via a mutation governed by a single recessive gene . The absence of lethal or deleterious consequences in floral mutants resulting in distinct morphological expressions has been a factor in the evolution of Clarkia , and perhaps also in many other plant groups .
Homeotic mechanisms in animals
Following the work on homeotic mutants by Ed Lewis , the phenomenology of homeosis in animals was further elaborated by discovery of a conserved DNA binding sequence present in many homeotic proteins .
Thus , the 60 amino acid DNA binding protein domain was named the homeodomain , while the 180 bp nucleotide sequence encoding it was named the homeobox . The homeobox gene clusters studied by Ed Lewis were named the Hox genes , although many more homeobox genes are encoded by animal genomes than those in the Hox gene clusters .
The homeotic-function of certain proteins was first postulated to be that of a `` selector '' as proposed by Antonio Garcia-Bellido .
By definition selectors were imagined to be ( transcription factor ) proteins that stably determined one of two possible cell fates for a cell and its cellular descendants in a tissue .
While most animal homeotic functions are associated with homeobox-containing factors , not all homeotic proteins in animals are encoded by homeobox genes , and further not all homeobox genes are necessarily associated with homeotic functions or ( mutant ) phenotypes .
The concept of homeotic selectors was further elaborated or at least qualified by Michael Akam in a so-called `` post-selector gene '' model that incorporated additional findings and `` walked back '' the `` orthodoxy '' of selector-dependent stable binary switches .
The concept of tissue compartments is deeply intertwined with the selector model of homeosis because the selector-mediated maintenance of cell fate can be restricted into different organizational units of an animal 's body plan .
In this context , newer insights into homeotic mechanisms were found by Albert Erives and colleagues by focusing on enhancer DNAs that are co-targeted by homeotic selectors and different combinations of developmental signals .
This work identifies a protein biochemical difference between the transcription factors that function as homeotic selectors versus the transcription factors that function as effectors of developmental signaling pathways , such as the Notch signaling pathway and the BMP signaling pathway .
This work proposes that homeotic selectors function to `` license '' enhancer DNAs in a restricted tissue compartment so that the enhancers are enabled to read-out developmental signals , which are then integrated via polyglutamine-mediated aggregation .
Homeotic mechanisms in plants
Like the complex multicellularity seen in animals , the multicellularity of land plants is developmentally organized into tissue and organ units via transcription factor genes with homeotic effects .
Although plants have homeobox-containing genes , plant homeotic factors tend to possess MADS-box DNA binding domains .
Animal genomes also possess a small number MADS-box factors .
Thus , in the independent evolution of multicellularity in plants and animals , different eukaryotic transcription factor families were co-opted to serve homeotic functions .
MADS-domain factors have been proposed to function as co-factors to more specialized factors and thereby help to determine organ identity .
This has been proposed to correspond more closely to the interpretation of animal homeotics outlined by Michael Akam .
See also
Homeotic gene , includes most of the Hox genes
Homeobox , a DNA segment found in Hox genes
References
Developmental genetics
Evolution
Gene expression
Mutation
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Puerto Iguazú ( ) is in the frontier city of Puerto Iguazú , in the province of Misiones in Argentina .
History
On 16 June 1986 , Blessed John Paul II established the Diocese of Puerto Iguazú from the Diocese of Posadas . It lost territory in 2009 when the Diocese of Oberá was established .
Ordinaries
Joaquín Piña Batllevell S.J . ( 1986–2006 )
Marcelo Raúl Martorell ( 2006–2020 )
Nicolás Baisi ( 2020- )
References
Puerto Igauzu
Puerto Igauzu
Puerto Igauzu
Puerto Igauzu
1986 establishments in Argentina
In theoretical computer science and formal language theory , a ranked alphabet is a pair of an ordinary alphabet F and a function Arity : F→ . Each letter in F has its arity so it can be used to build terms . Nullary elements ( of zero arity ) are also called constants . Terms built with unary symbols and constants can be considered as strings . Higher arities lead to proper trees .
For instance , in the term
,
a , b , c are constants , g is unary , and f is ternary .
Contrariwise ,
can not be a valid term , as the symbol f appears once as binary , and once as unary , which is illicit , as Arity must be a function .
References
Trees ( data structures )
Automata ( computation )
Formal languages
Theoretical computer science
`` You 're Gon na Love This '' is the first single from 3OH ! 3 's fourth studio album Omens . It was released digitally on 10 July 2012 .
Background
The song is energetic and utilizes autotune , reminiscent of their 2009 hit `` Do n't Trust Me '' . In contrast to that song 's reference to Helen Keller , You 're Gon na Love This includes the lyric “ the girl was biting on my lips like Jeffrey Dahmer. ” The song mentions picking up a girl at the bar and how the night goes on from there with the duo singing “ I 'll buy you a round , if you come close , Turn up the sound , turn the lights down , Give me a chance , I will take her home with me . ”
Artwork
The artwork for You 're Gon na Love This appears to be divided into 4 triangular sections . The bottom section is seen to be a pyramid with a river running through it , whilst in the centre of the artwork an eye template is featured with the 3OH ! 3 logo in the middle . The title `` You 're Gon na Love This '' is below with the single 's album title : Omens featured above the eye and logo and below a triangle . There have been many speculations that the single is showing sign 's supposedly from the Illuminati , including the Eye of Horus , and a hierarchal pyramid .
Music video
A video for the song was released on Aug 15 2012 on The Warner Sound 's YouTube channel .
Synopsis
The video opens with one of the band 's members next to a girl at Planet Hollywood . She 's married , and hides her ring when he starts hitting her up . Then the second guy walks up and hits on her , and this means war .
Both of the men do trick shots throughout the video to win back the girl , including a soccer ball down an escalator . While the trio were going down the adjacent escalator , the soccer ball from earlier was still there . At the end of the video , he throws a ball down to the pool from the roof of the building but the other man throws another one from higher up in a helicopter , and the video shows another man approach her , who looks like Tom Cruise in Risky Business . She leaves with him . After the song ends , the video cuts to the same escalator where the ball remained .
Chart performance
Release history
References
2012 songs
2012 singles
3OH ! 3 songs
Songs written by Nathaniel Motte
Songs written by Sean Foreman
Summer of Secrets is the second part of the 21st century Austen series by Rosie Rushton . It was published in 2007 by Piccadilly Press It is an adaptation of Jane Austen 's 1817 novel Northanger Abbey .
Plot summary
Caitlin Morland wins an art scholarship to Mulberry Court school . There she meets Izzy Thorpe and Summer Tilney , whose parents are famous . She is a bit jealous of their fame and unlimited money . Caitlin can not believe it when they say it is not fun having famous parents .
Izzy Thorpe wants to visit Caitlin 's home . After a lesson , when Caitlin was talking about Rubens ' picture , Izzy visits her new friend . She is impressed with Caitlin 's house and family , especially with her brother , Jamie . A few weeks before Izzy 's birthday party , Izzy , Caitlin , Jamie and Tom go to a party in a club . Caitlin orders a juice . Summer talks to her , and then Bianca Joseph comes and takes Caitlin to chat with two boys . Caitlin tries to get there , but somebody hits her and the juice gets out of her glass . That 's how she meets Ludo . He offers her something to drink and they talk about Summer . Tom comes and say he wants to take her to another club , but Caitlin declines . She tells Ludo that , Summer is in the bathroom . In the evening Caitlin draws a portrait of Ludo .
Caitlin dresses herself as a Rose from `` Titanic ” for Izzy 's party . She waters herself during the party . Suddenly somebody knocks the door . They are journalists , who want to talk to Izzy 's dad , so the girl tell them that her parent are in Royal Pavillon . A few days later , Izzy goes to Caitlin 's place . Caitlin tells her parents that , she has been invited to spend two weeks in Casa Vernazza with Summer . Her parents agree and Jamie also joins them .
During the flight to Italy , Caitlin reads some tabloids and Ludo notices it . He pretends to be interested in stars ' private life . He then reads a book and Caitlin starts to think that , he does not like her . Gabriella and Luigi come to take them from the airport . Ludo and Caitlin go with Gabriella . When she visits her friend , they talk about Summer .
Soon they arrive at Casa Vernazza , Summer shows Caitlin her room and her own mother 's pictures . They go into town . Caitlin walks next to the church and she hears Summer 's voice . Her friend is talking with a man . She meets Ludo and his father . Ludo invites Caitlin to ride his yacht with him later on . During supper they discuss this and as a result Freddie , Izzy , Jamie , Gabriella and Summer go with them too .
During the trip everybody goes swimming except Jamie . Summer and Caitlin abruptly set off to the local gallery . There they pretend to be students , who are working on an article about Elena Cumani-Tilney 's pictures . But when Lorenzo brings one of them , Summer cries and he knows that , she is Elena 's daughter . Ludo calls Caitlin and tells her to come back . Summer will not talk to her because she thinks that Caitlin was after her , when they went to town . Luckily this does not lead to an argument . Caitlin decides to help Summer discover how her mother died . After some time she says that Sir Magnus and Gabriella must have murdered her mother , but she will not talk about it to Summer .
In Elena 's paintings , Caitlin finds a pretty one called Abbey , July 2004 . She finds it in the Internet and discovers that , it is a mental hospital . All of a sudden Summer runs away from home . Whilst everybody is searching for her somebody calls from hospital to inform that Freddie and Izzy had had an accident . Alex di Matteo comes to the Tilneys ' house . He talks to her about his trip to Milan with his grandma , but she had thought that he had another girlfriend . Summer calls Caitlin and everything is explained .
Ludo takes her for a walk and tells that , he in fact loves her . A few days later they open a gallery of Elena Cumani-Tilney 's paintings in a house next to the Tilneys ' . In the evening , they go for a ride on Ludo 's yacht . First , Ludo wants to know if Caitlin is going to send an article about his mother 's death to tabloid . She says that she is not but , that she has some titles in her head . Ludo tells Caitlin that he fell in love with her when he saw how seriously she treats those articles . However , Caitlin does n't believe him in the beginning so he kisses her and all ends well .
Characters
Caitlin Morland - new student in Mulberry Court . She 's Summer 's best friend . She is in love with her brother , Ludo . She can take very good photos .
Summer Tilney - Caitlin 's new friend . Her mother died . She 's in love with Alex di Matteo . Daughter of Magnus Tilney .
Isabella `` Izzy '' Thorpe - daughter of a politician . She 's Caitlin 's friend . She 's got a crush on her brother and Freddie .
Ludovic `` Ludo '' Tilney - Summer 's brother . Freddie is his twin brother . He 's in love with Caitlin .
James `` Jamie '' Morland - Caitlin 's elder brother . He 's in love with Izzy .
Freddie Tilney - Ludo 's and Summer 's brother . He takes drugs and is often drunk . He has a crush on Izzy .
sir Magnus Tilney - Summer 's , Ludo 's and Freddie 's father . Owner of jam factory .
Elena Cumani-Tilney - Magnus Tilney 's wife . She died , because she hit her head . She was an artist and was a bit crazy .
Lynne Morland - Caitlin 's mother . She 's a housewife
Edward Morland - Caitlin 's father . He 's a lawyer in Morland , Croft & Isingworth .
Bianca Joseph - Caitlin 's friend from school .
Tom Porter - Jamie 's friend , who 's in love with Caitlin .
Gabriella - Magnus Tilney 's fiancée . Elena 's friend .
Luigi - Tilneys ' driver from their house in Liguria .
Tony di Matteo - Alex 's father . Elena talked that he 's Summer 's father .
Lorenzo - owner of an art gallery .
Mrs. Cathcart - a teacher in Mulberry Court .
British young adult novels
2007 British novels
Adaptations of works by Jane Austen
Novels by Rosie Rushton
Northanger Abbey
Ústí ( ) is a Czech toponym meaning river-mouth . It may refer to places in the Czech Republic :
Ústí ( Jihlava District ) , a municipality and village in the Vysočina Region
Ústí ( Přerov District ) , a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Ústí ( Vsetín District ) , a municipality and village in the Zlín Region
Ústí nad Labem , a city
Ústí nad Labem District , a district surrounding the city
Ústí nad Labem Region , a region in the north-western part of the country
Ústí nad Orlicí , a town in the Pardubice Region
Ústí nad Orlicí District , a district surrounding the town
Sezimovo Ústí , a town in the South Bohemian Region
The Hamilton Parks Police Force was a special constable force , formed in 1943 to patrol parks within the City of Hamilton , Ontario .
By 1955 , the Hamilton Board of Parks Management was considering disbanding the force , but ultimately did not as it would cost too much to contract the city police .
Originally only three special constables were employed by the Hamilton Parks Police , but by 1960 a fourth was added . The duties of the parks police were defined as keeping order in the parks , but not to solving crimes , which was left to the Hamilton Police Force , who would also provide backup to the special constables if needed . By 1963 , the parks police had expanded to a six-man force .
On June 28 , 1963 , the Hamilton Board of Parks Management disbanded the parks police following a dispute over , amongst other things , higher pay and bargaining rights . The six former special constables became `` parks custodians '' .
Later the Hamilton Police Force continued the policing of parks by dedicating officers to that specific job during the summer months from May to September . This unit was known as the `` Parks Patrol '' and was generally were staffed by plainclothes officers .
References
1 . Clipping Files . Hamilton - Parks - Parks Police . Local History & Archives , HPL .
2 . Hamilton Police Department Scrapbook . vol . 9. p. 37 . Local History & Archives , HPL .
3 . Steel Shots . August 23 , 1963. p. 5 .
External links
My Hamilton.ca
Organizations based in Hamilton , Ontario
Law enforcement agencies of Ontario
Defunct law enforcement agencies of Canada
The murder of Stephanie Kuhen ( October 4 , 1991 – September 17 , 1995 ) in Los Angeles , California created significant media attention in the United States and led to crackdowns on Los Angeles street gangs .
Incident
Around 1:45 AM on September 17 , 1995 , along Isabel Street in the Cypress Park neighborhood , a street nicknamed `` Avenida . . . assecinos , '' an incorrectly spelled Spanish phrase meaning `` Street of Killers '' or `` Avenue of the Assassins , '' members of The Avenues gang shot at a vehicle containing a family returning from a cookout ; according to the prosecution the vehicle made a wrong turn into an alley . A 3-year-old girl named Stephanie Kuhen died , and Kuhen 's stepfather and younger brother sustained injuries . The perpetrators were arrested and convicted .
Legal action
On August 1 , 1997 , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Edward Ferns sentenced 28-year-old Anthony Gabriel Rodriguez , 22-year-old Manuel Rosales , Jr. , and 18-year-old Hugo David Gomez to 54 years and eight months to life in state prison . At that point , 17-year-old Augustin Lizama was to be retried . During the sentencing of the three convicted murderers , Margaret Fregoso , Rodriguez 's grandmother , defended him and said that people outside of the court speculated that the Kuhen automobile traveled through the neighborhood so one or more occupants could purchase recreational drugs . Robynn Kuhen , the mother of Stephanie Kuhen , said that her family was trying to find a shortcut home and said that Fregoso 's statements were not true . The defense in the trial suggested that the Kuhen family knew the layout of the area and would not have found themselves lost in their car . On Friday , August 29 , 1997 , Lizama agreed to a plea bargain in which he received a conviction for assault .
Rodriguez , California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation ( CDCR ) # K65397 , was booked into the CDCR system on September 2 , 1997 . As of 2014 , he is incarcerated at Chuckawalla Valley State Prison . Rosales , CDCR # K65037 , was booked on August 29 , 1997 . As of 2014 , he is incarcerated at CSP-Los Angeles County . Gomez , CDCR # K65384 , was booked on September 2 , 1997 . As of 2014 , he is incarcerated at Pelican Bay State Prison .
Aftermath
Several days after the incident , President of the United States Bill Clinton condemned the killing and said that the United States Federal Government would give money to anti-gang efforts . After the Kuhen incident , Mayor of Los Angeles Richard Riordan asked the Criminal Justice Planning Office ( CJPO ) to create recommendations regarding gang crime . Several months after the Kuhen incident , the task force 's suggestions lead to the creation of the Los Angeles City/County Community Law Enforcement and Recovery ( CLEAR ) program .
Kuhen was buried in a private ceremony on Monday September 25 , 1995 . About 100 people attended the ceremony .
Analysis
George Ramos of the Los Angeles Times reported that many Cypress Park residents were angered by the negative portrayal of their community in the media . Specifically mentioned were concerns that there was a perceived lack of attention to gang issues from the municipal government and their council member , Mike Hernandez ; and there was also anger about the Los Angeles Times posting large images of Stephanie Kuhen and her brother on the front page of the newspaper , stating that the media does not do this with ethnic minority children . Ramos said that the editor of the newspaper had asked for the images of the children to be posted before learning that they were white . Ramos also stated that many Cypress Park residents believed that if one is not from Cypress Park , one should be concerned with crime in his or her own neighborhood rather than in Cypress Park .
Allan Parachini of the American Civil Liberties Union said that the media focused attention on the Kuhen case because the victim was white . George Cotliar , a Los Angeles Times managing editor , said that race was not the reason why the media focused attention on the case . Bill Lord , a director at NBC affiliate KNBC , also stated that race was not a factor in why the media covered the Kuhen case . Larry Elder , a politically conservative African-American talk show host , stated that law enforcement ignored the gangs in Cypress Park since most of the residents were Hispanic and Black .
References
External links
`` Three more arrested in toddler 's shooting . '' ( Archive ) CNN . September 23 , 1995 .
1991 births
Murdered American children
1995 in California
1995 deaths
1995 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in Los Angeles
Deaths by firearm in California
People murdered in Los Angeles
Crimes in Los Angeles
1995 in Los Angeles
The 1931 season was the Hawthorn Football Club 's 7th season in the Victorian Football League and 30th overall .
Schedule
Premiership season
Hawthorn played their round 7 and 8 games before their round 6 game due to round 6 being split with games played on either Monday , 8 June or Saturday , 27 June .
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Yerson Ronaldo Chacón Ramírez ( born 4 June 2003 ) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a forward for Deportivo Táchira .
International career
Chacón made his debut for the Venezuela national team on 28 January 2022 as an 85th-minute substitute for José Andrés Martínez in a 4–1 home win over Bolivia .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2003 births
Living people
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuela youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Deportivo Táchira F.C . players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Venezuela international footballers
People from San Cristóbal , Táchira
Claudia Testoni ( 19 December 1915 – 17 July 1998 ) , was an Italian hurdler , sprinter and long jumper . She was European champion , in 1938 , on 80 metres hurdles . She was born in Bologna and died in Cagliari .
Biography
Testoni is one of the 38 athletes included in the FIDAL Hall of Fame ( list of Italian athletes who have won at least one gold medal at the Olympic Games , World Championships or European Championships , or who have achieved a world record ) .
She was 4th at the 1936 Summer Olympics in two events . From 1931 to 1940 she has 17 caps in the Italian national athletics team . In the 1930s was celebrated her rivalry with compatriot Ondina Valla ( the winner in Berlin 1936 ) , after a thrilling final , resolved by a photo finish , and the same place in the 4 × 100 m relay . It is said that the disappointment over the Olympic fourth place was so great , that from that moment on she turned her back to her friend and rival Ondina ; other sources , however , report letters in which the two friends showed renewed demonstrations of affection .
She was the world record holder in the 80 m hurdles event , until in 1942 it was taken away by Fanny Blankers-Koen . Her son-in-law , Claudio Velluti , was a professional basketball player of Olimpia Milano .
World record
80 metres hurdles : 11.3 ( Garmisch-Partenkirchen , 23 July 1939 )
80 metres hurdles : 11.3 ( Dresden , 13 August 1939 )
Personal best
100 metres : 12 '' 09 ( 1939 )
80 metres hurdles : 11 '' 3 ( 1939 )
Achievements
National titles
Claudia Testoni has won the Italian Athletics Championships 19 times in various specialties .
1 win in 60 metres ( 1933 )
1 win in 80 metres ( 1932 )
3 wins in 100 metres ( 1932 , 1937 , 1940 )
2 wins in 200 metres ( 1933 , 1934 )
5 wins in 80 metres hurdles ( 1935 , 1936 , 1938 , 1939 , 1940 )
7 wins in long jump ( 1931 , 1932 , 1933 , 1934 , 1935 , 1937 , 1938 )
See also
Women 's 80 metres hurdles world record progression
Italian record progression women 's long jump
Testoni–Valla rivalry
FIDAL Hall of Fame
References
External links
Claudia Testoni at Track and Field Statistics
1915 births
1998 deaths
Italian female hurdlers
Italian female sprinters
Italian female high jumpers
Italian female long jumpers
Italian female shot putters
Sportspeople from Bologna
Olympic athletes of Italy
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships medalists
Italian Athletics Championships winners
20th-century Italian women
Tallmadge may refer to one of the following people :
John Tallmadge , American nature writer
Benjamin Tallmadge ( 1754–1835 ) , American soldier and politician ; a US Representative from Connecticut
Nathaniel P. Tallmadge ( 1795–1864 ) , a United States Senator from New York
James Tallmadge Jr. ( 1778–1853 ) , a United States Representative from New York
Frederick A. Tallmadge ( 1792–1869 ) , American politician , US Representative from New York
Matthias B. Tallmadge ( 1774–1819 ) , American politician , lawyer , and judge in New York state
Thomas Tallmadge ( 1876–1940 ) , American architect
Tallmadge may refer to one of the following places :
Tallmadge Township , Michigan
Tallmadge , Ohio
Tallmadge may also refer to :
Tallmadge Amendment
See also
Talmage ( disambiguation )
Talmadge ( disambiguation )
Lee Young-pyo ( ; ; born 23 April 1977 ) is a retired South Korean professional footballer who played as a right-footed left back . Lee was recognized for his speed and dribbling skills . His former manager Martin Jol once called him `` the best left back in Holland '' .
Prior to playing for PSV Eindhoven and Tottenham Hotspur , Lee started his professional career at FC Seoul , then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs in the Korean K League and then spent two years with PSV Eindhoven of the Netherlands , earning high acclaim from PSV Coach Guus Hiddink , who had previously coached Lee and South Korea during the 2002 World Cup . Recognized as the best left-back in the Netherlands after the 2004–05 season , Tottenham signed him amidst heavy competition with several Serie A clubs . He transferred to Tottenham in August 2005 .
On 19 November 2008 , Lee became the seventh Korean player to earn 100 caps in a World Cup qualifier against Saudi Arabia . During the 2011 AFC Asian Cup , Lee captained the national team twice after the substitutions of the regular Korean captain , Park Ji-sung .
Post-retirement , he received high accolades from professionals and laymen for his spot-on commentaries and uncanny ability to predict various football related matters . So much so that some took to comparing him to Paul the Octopus .
On January 1st , 2021 he began his 2-year stint as the CEO of the first tier k-league football team Gangwon FC .
Playing career
Anyang LG Cheetahs
Lee graduated from Konkuk University in Seoul , and began his professional career in a K League club Anyang LG Cheetahs , currently FC Seoul . He contributed to Anyang 's K League title in 2000 . His team also advanced to the Asian Club Championship final in the 2001–02 season , but failed to bring the title against Suwon Samsung Bluewings , another South Korean club . An impressive player in the league , Lee could play for the South Korean national team in the 2002 FIFA World Cup . He assisted South Korea 's winning goals against Portugal and Italy with crosses . He followed Guus Hiddink and teammate Park Ji-sung into PSV Eindhoven after finishing the World Cup in fourth place .
PSV Eindhoven
At PSV , Lee flourished under Hiddink 's guidance and soon established himself in PSV 's first team . Known for his endurance , technique , and ability in both defence and attack , Lee was widely regarded as the best left-back in the Dutch Eredivisie . Lee and his compatriot Park were instrumental in PSV Eindhoven 's run to the 2005 UEFA Champions League semi-final , although , to their disappointment , they were knocked out by Milan . Despite PSV 's persistent attempts to keep him , Lee moved to the English club Tottenham Hotspur in August 2005 . During his PSV career , Lee scored 1 goal and assisted 13 goals .
Tottenham Hotspur
At Tottenham , Lee was an immediate hit and earned a spot on the Premier League 's best eleven in his debut week . Tottenham coach Martin Jol , at the time of his signing on 31 August 2005 , touted him as `` the best left-back in Holland . '' His form did however fluctuate in the 2005–06 season , despite being almost ever present in a defence which conceded the fourth lowest number of goals in that season .
In the beginning of 2006–07 season , Lee moved to right full-back due to Benoît Assou-Ekotto 's impressive pre-season performance and an injury to regular right-back Paul Stalteri . Lee then faced increased competition when Tottenham signed French defender Pascal Chimbonda on the final day of the transfer period . Lee also suffered a knee injury and in August 2006 , Tottenham offered his rights to Roma of Italy 's Serie A , but he backed out at the last minute for `` personal reasons '' . An Italian media report said religion played a part in his decision to reject the transfer offer . On 31 August 2006 , Lee held a press conference in Korea and denied that religion was a factor in his decision . He said that moving to Roma would have been great for him in terms of football alone but he decided against it for personal reasons that he would not reveal , despite being pressed for answers by 50 attending reporters .
Lee regained his place in the first team when Assou-Ekotto 's form began to falter , most notably in a very poor performance against arch-rivals Arsenal . Lee came on as a half-time substitute in that match and was a notable improvement , and was again preferred by Jol for the starting eleven , until a season-ending knee injury sustained in a UEFA Cup Quarterfinal match against Sevilla on 5 April .
On 9 August 2007 , Tottenham manager Martin Jol announced that Lee would be `` fit for selection '' in `` one or two weeks '' . On 18 August 2007 , Lee made his first start of the season against Derby County . He continued to play regularly for Tottenham in the 2007–08 season , along with League Cup appearances against Blackpool , Manchester City and Arsenal . He missed the final but earned a medal for his contributions .
Borussia Dortmund
On 27 August 2008 , Lee transferred to a Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund for an undisclosed fee . He consistently made appearances early in the season , and Borussia Dortmund announced that the period of Lee 's contract was extended to two years in December . However , he was benched after the vice-captain Dedé recovered from his injury .
Al-Hilal
On 10 July 2009 , Lee left for a Saudi Arabian club Al-Hilal . Known to be a devout Christian , he decided to go to Saudi Arabia after hearing the word of God , although he did n't want to go there . He could n't understand the will of God , but enjoyed his new life with Muslims . He told this interesting anecdote in his lecture after retirement .
Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Lee officially signed with Vancouver on 6 December 2011 . He scored his first MLS goal for Vancouver on 28 April 2012 off a free kick against the Columbus Crew . Lee was a crucial part to Vancouver 's 2012 season and was played as a right back . He was considered one of their best players on the team that year . Lee was awarded with Vancouver 's 2012 Player of the Year on 21 October 2012 after helping the team become the first Canadian team to reach the MLS Cup Playoffs .
He played his final professional game on 27 October 2013 in Vancouver in 3–0 win against the Colorado Rapids . After scoring the first and eventual game-winning goal , 2013 MLS Golden Boot-winner Camilo Sanvezzo presented Lee with the ball during the goal celebration .
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Korea Republic 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Lee goal .
Filmography
Television
Honours
Anyang LG Cheetahs
K League 1 : 2000
Korean Super Cup : 2001
Asian Club Championship runner-up : 2001–02
PSV Eindhoven
Eredivisie : 2002–03 , 2004–05
KNVB Cup : 2004–05
Johan Cruyff Shield : 2003
Tottenham Hotspur
Football League Cup : 2007–08
Al-Hilal
Saudi Professional League : 2009–10 , 2010–11
Saudi Crown Prince Cup : 2009–10 , 2010–11
South Korea U23
Asian Games bronze medal : 2002
South Korea
FIFA World Cup fourth place : 2002
AFC Asian Cup third place : 2000 , 2011
Individual
K League 1 Best XI : 2001
Vancouver Whitecaps FC Player of the Year : 2012
See also
List of men 's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
External links
Lee Young-pyo – National Team Stats at KFA
Al Hilal Saudi Club
International Appearances & Goals
www.psvweb.nl profile
1977 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Association football fullbacks
South Korean expatriate footballers
South Korea under-23 international footballers
South Korea international footballers
FC Seoul players
PSV Eindhoven players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C . players
Borussia Dortmund players
Al Hilal SFC players
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
K League 1 players
Eredivisie players
Premier League players
Bundesliga players
Major League Soccer players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2001 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of South Korea
FIFA Century Club
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in England
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Germany
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Konkuk University alumni
South Korean Christians
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Saudi Professional League players
Sportspeople from Gangwon Province , South Korea
Rahimabad ( , also Romanized as Raḩīmābād ; also known as Kūhsābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 305 , in 80 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Josaphat-Robert Large ( November 15 , 1942 – October 28 , 2017 ) was a Euro-Haitian-American poet , novelist and art critic . His novel Les terres entourées de larmes [ Shore surrounded with tears ] won the prestigious Prix littéraire des Caraïbes ( Caribbean literary Prize ) in 2003 . He was nominated for the Haitian grand Literary Prize of 2004 , together with Edwidge Danticat , René Depestre , Frankétienne , Gary Klang , Dany Laferrière and Leslie Manigat ( ex-president of Haiti , the winner of the Prize ) .
Large was also one of the finalists at the Ushant ( Ouessant in French ) Literary Contest in 2002 . He wrote in both French and Haitian Creole . Josaphat-Robert Large was a member of `` La Société des Gens de Lettres de France '' ( Society of French intellectuals ) , of the `` Association des Écrivains de langue française '' ( Association of writers of French origin ) and of the PEN Club America . The Society of French and francophone teachers of America have organized two colloquia on his literary production ( specially his novels ) , one at Florida International University in 2001 and one at Fordham University in 2006 . Large also participated in the famous festival Étonnants-Voyageurs in 2007 and in 2008 , he was one of the author in the great literary opening organized in Port-au-Prince by the Presses Nationales d'Haiti ( National Press of Haiti ) .
Exile
Josaphat-Robert Large left Haiti at the end of 1963 , after being arrested during a student strike against the regime of Papa Doc Duvalier . In New York , he studied English at Columbia University and photography at New York institute of Photography . He was a founding member of La Troupe de Théâtre Kouidor ( Theatre group Kouidor ) and frequently wrote for Haitian newspapers such as Haïti Progrès , Haïti en Marche , Le Nouvelliste and Lire Haiti .
Death
Large died of cancer in 2017 .
Selected works
Nerfs du vent – Compilation of Poems , Paris , 1975 . Rev . ed . Publisher : Ruptures , Washington DC , 2013
Chute de mots – Compilation of Poems , Paris , 1989
Les sentiers de l'enfer – Novel , Paris , 1990
Pè Sèt ! – Compilation of Poems Written in Creole , Miami , 1994 , reed . 1996
Les récoltes de la folie – Novel , Paris , 1996
Les terres entourées de larmes – Novel , Paris , 2002
Keep on Keepin'On , English translation of Pè Sèt ! by Jack Hirschman , iUniverse , 2006
Rete ! Kote Lamèsi – Novel written in Haitian Creole , Port-au-Prince , 2008 .
Partir sur un coursier de nuages – Novel , Paris , 2008 .
Échos en fuite – Compilation of Poems , Paris , 2010
Istwa Nanm Mwen – Compilation of Poems Written in Haitian Creole , Port-au-Prince , 2010
Jérémie et sa Verdoyante Grand'Anse – Photography and Poems , Coconut Creek , 2012
Le Domic'île – Compilation of Poems , New York , 2012
Rekot Powetik – Poems from Students of Ecole Normale de Marfranc , in French and Haitian Creole , Edited by Josaphat-R Large , Ruptures , Washington , 2013
Mississippi Blues – Novel , published by Ruptures , Washington , D.C. , 2015
Compact discs
Eko Dlo [ LaGrandans debòde ] – Poems in Creole with background music by Haitian pianist Eddy Prophète , Montréal , 2006
5 Années de Textes et de Chansons des Vendredis littéraires , Poems in French and in Creole by Frankétienne , Lyonel Trouillot , Claude Pierre and Josaphat-Robert Large , August 2000 .
Play
La voix du Bisaïeul – Play in French ( Stage Director Max Kénol ) , New York July 1998
Dany Laferriere en pyjama – Presented at United Nations ( Stage Director Max Kénol ) , New York , February 2014
Les colis de la traite – Play written for La Semaine des victimes de l'esclavage for United Nations , ( Stage Director Max Kénol ) , NY 2014
Short Story
Rosanna – Mystery fiction in `` Haiti Noir '' , Edited by Edwidge Danticat , Akashic Books , New York , 2011
Dark Days in Port-au-Prince , Exquisite Corpse , Part 5 by J-R Large , Part 2 by Ibi Zoboi , Part 1-6 by Roxane Gay , Part 3 by Jessica Fievre , Part 4 by K Ulysse , Akashic Books , Brooklyn , NY , 2014
Further reading
References & Studies
Frantz-Antoine Leconte Josaphat-Robert Large , la Fragmentation de l'être . L'Harmattan , Paris , Collection Espaces littéraires , January 2009 .
Patrick Dorsainvil Josaphat-Robert Large , La grande première à New York .
DVD by Haitian Treasures , Brooklyn , 2010
Selected articles
Frantz-Antoine Leconte : Sur les traces de Josaphat-Robert Large , Colloquium at Fordham University , March 2006 .
Hugues St-Fort : Histoire et Discours dans les Terres entourées de larmes de J-R Large , Colloquium at Fordham University , March 2006
Robenson Bernard : Un Roman ardent et lumineux , Le Nouvelliste , August 2008
Jean-Claude Charles : Un vrai écrivain dans la fausse maison de Mickey Mouse , Haiti-en-Marche # 13 , March 1996
Lyonel Trouillot : Lamèsi entre Rêve et Réalité , Le Matin , December 22–29 , 2008
Awards
Prix littéraire des Caraïbes 2003 [ Caribbean literary Prize ] given by L'Association des Ecrivains de langue française ( The Association of French writers )
Finaliste Concours Ouessant , 2002 ( Finalist Ushant literary contest , in August 2002 ) .
Nominated for Haitian Grand Literary Prize in 2004 , at the Miami Book Fair International of 2004 .
Finaliste Carbet Prize 2008 with Novel Partir sur un coursier de nuagesReferences
Further readingOpen Gate , An anthology of Haitian Creole Poetry , by Paul Laraque and Jack Hirschman , Curbstone Press , Willimantic , Connecticut , 2001 . Literary criticism.Anthologie de la poésie haïtienne , [ A Century of Haitian poets ] , by Rodney Saint-Eloi and Lyonel Trouillot , Mémoire d'encrier Montréal , 2003.Literary criticismFigures d'Haïti , [ 35 Poets for our time ] , by Jacques Rancourt , Le Temps des Cerises . Paris , 2005 . EssayWho is Who in Haitian Diaspora , Féquière Vilsaint & Maude Heurtelou , EducaVision , Coconut Creek , 2008 . EssayJosaphat-Robert Large , la Fragmentation de l'être '' , editor : Frantz-Antoine Leconte , l'Harmattan , Paris , February 2009 . Essay .
External links
Official Site : with breath taking photos of a few cities in Haiti
Author file at île en île ( in French ) : with biography , bibliography , links and audio recording
Poems by Josaphat-Robert Large and Félix Morisseau-Leroy translated into English , chosen by Mute Magazine of London to illustrate articles of Volume 2 # 3 describing slums in places like Haiti and Brazil . Mute , volume 2 # 3 , August 2006 .
On a Publishers ' Website in France : l'Harmattan
Videos
( Talk with Anthony Phelps ) ( in French )
( Reading of a poem in Creole by the author )
( Reading of a poem in French by the author )
( Talk with Gary Klang ) ( in French )
Josaphat-Robert Large answers to the 5 questions of Île en île . A 33-minute interview with professor Thomas C. Spear of CUNY , at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture , on December 9 , 2009 .
1942 births
2017 deaths
20th-century Haitian novelists
Haitian Creole-language writers
Haitian male novelists
Haitian people of European descent
Haitian emigrants to the United States
20th-century Haitian dramatists and playwrights
Haitian male dramatists and playwrights
Haitian writers in French
20th-century Haitian poets
Haitian male poets
21st-century Haitian novelists
21st-century Haitian poets
20th-century male writers
21st-century male writers
American writers in French
20th-century American writers
21st-century American writers
Hippeastrum psittacinum ( Parrot Amaryllis ) is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant , in the family Amaryllidaceae , native to Brazil .
Description
Leaves , up to 8 , strap like , length 45 cm . height 60 cm . Flowers , four trumpets shaped . Tubes short , green-white with spreading lobes , crimson stripes , and wavy crimson margins .
Taxonomy
Described by John Bellenden Ker Gawler in 1817 as Amaryllis , but transferred to Hippeastrum by William Herbert in 1821 .
‘ The present is the fifth unrecorded Amaryllis from the which has been published in this work out of the collection of Mr. Griffin . To have been the first to bring within the sphere of science and into culture an equal number of plants , belonging to a same remote region , of a same genus , and all interesting , either on the score of curiosity or beauty , within little more than two years , has probably never before been the chance of any single collector in Europe . The bulb was sent about 3 years ago by Mr. E. Woodford , from Rio Janeiro ; and flowered in Mr. Griffin 's hothouse at South Lambeth in March last . ' Ker Gawler
Heterotypic Synonyms
Amaryllis illustris Vell. , Fl . Flumin . 3 : 131 ( 1829 ) .
Leopoldia illustris ( Vell . ) M.Roem. , Fam . Nat . Syn . Monogr . 4 : 130 ( 1847 ) .
Hippeastrum decoratum Lem. , Jard . Fleur . 4 : t. 338 ( 1854 ) .
Amaryllis psittacina var . decorata ( Lem . ) Traub & Uphof , Herbertia 6 : 154 ( 1940 ) .
Hippeastrum illustre ( Vell . ) Dutilh , Taxon 46 : 17 ( 1997 ) .
Etymology
psittacinum : Latin like a parrot
References
Sources
GBIF : Hippeastrum petiolatum
Pacific Bulb Society : Hippeastrum petiolatum
Zuloaga , F. O. , O. Morrone , M. J. Belgrano , C. Marticorena & E. Marchesi . ( eds . ) 2008 . Catálogo de las Plantas Vasculares del Cono Sur ( Argentina , Sur de Brasil , Chile , Paraguay y Uruguay ) . Monogr . Syst . Bot . Missouri Bot . Gard . 107 . 2008
International Bulb Society : Hippeastrum petiolatum ( image )
Forzza , R. C. et al . 2010 . 2010 Lista de espécies Flora do Brasil
Flora of South America
psittacinum
Garden plants of South America
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific `` All-America '' and typically referred to as `` All-American athletes '' , or simply `` All-Americans '' . Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit , the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media . Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889 .
From 1947-1980 , the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA .
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards # U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Opuntia microdasys ( angel's-wings , bunny ears cactus , bunny cactus or polka-dot cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae , native and endemic to central and northern Mexico .
Description
Opuntia microdasys forms a dense shrub 40–60 cm tall , occasionally more , composed of pad-like stems 6–15 cm long and 4–12 cm broad .
Instead of spines it has numerous white or yellow glochids 2–3 mm long in dense clusters . They are barbed and thinner than the finest human hairs , detaching in large numbers upon the slightest touch . If not removed they will cause considerable skin irritation so the plants must be treated with caution .
The Latin specific epithet microdasys means “ small and hairy ” .
The yellow flowers appear only rarely . Despite this , it is a very popular cactus in cultivation , partly because of the young plant 's comical resemblance to a rabbit 's head . It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
Distribution
Native to Mexico , naturalised in Kenya , Malawi , and Tanzania . One reason for the success of O. microdasys in desert habitats - at home and as an introduction - is its efficient fog collection ability . The spines and hairs have the perfect structure and microstructure to capture and channel fog .
Related species
The very closely related Opuntia rufida differs in having reddish-brown glochids . It occurs further north in northern Mexico , and into western Texas . Some botanists treat the two as a single species .
Species comparison gallery
References
External links
microdasys
Cacti of Mexico
Endemic flora of Mexico
Flora of Hidalgo ( state )
Garden plants of North America
Flora of Sicily
This is a list of the Panamanian English number-one songs of 2017 . The charts are published by Monitor Latino , based exclusively for English-language songs on airplay across radio stations in Panama using the Radio Tracking Data , LLC in real time . The chart week runs from Monday to Sunday .
Chart history
References
Panamanian music-related lists
Panama
2017 in Panama
The American Elm cultivar Ulmus americana 'Princeton ' was originally selected in 1922 by New Jersey nurseryman William Flemer of Princeton Nurseries for its aesthetic merit . 'Princeton ' was later found to have a moderate resistance to Dutch elm disease ( DED ) .
Description
The tree can grow to greater than 30 m in height , and is distinguished by its dense , symmetrical , upright form and dark green foliage , ultimately forming a broad umbrella crown . Crotch angles can be acute , with considerable bark inclusion which can later lead to branch breakages . The leaves are less than 16 cm long by 8 cm broad . 'Princeton ' grows quickly , young trees increasing in height by over 1.6 m per annum ( d.b.h . by 2.8 cm p.a . ) in an assessment at U C Davis as part of the National Elm Trial . The tree commences flowering aged nine years .
Pests and diseases
Testing in laboratory conditions by the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) from 1992 to 1993 revealed that 'Princeton ' had some resistance to Dutch elm disease ( DED ) , although the original Princeton elm , which grew in Princeton Cemetery and was estimated to be over 150 years old , was felled in April 2005 after suffering 60 percent dieback , attributed by some accounts to Dutch Elm Disease . A 2016 publication later reported that , of 100 Princeton elms planted from 2001 to 2007 within a three state area in the United States , nine came down with DED , seven died , and two were saved by assiduous pruning .
Moreover , trees introduced to the United Kingdom , where the larger bark beetle Scolytus scolytus is the principal vector , were found to be susceptible , and many died , as did all 20 sent to Eisele , Darmstadt , for testing by inoculation with the pathogen . Princeton elms planted in North America are highly prone to leaf damage by Japanese beetles Popillia japonica . Trees grown in the UK have also proven very susceptible to damage by leaf-feeding insects , far more so than native or Asiatic elms . Henry noted that such damage was common to all American Elm Ulmus americana grown in the UK . Trees grown in northern California at UC Davis became infested with leaf curling aphids ( Eriosoma ) , producing copious amounts of honeydew .
Cultivation
Examples of 'Princeton ' were planted along Washington Road and another road in Princeton ; most of these trees survive to this day unaffected by disease . In 2005 , approximately 90 Princeton elms were planted along Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House in Washington , D.C. 'Princeton ' is currently being evaluated in the United States as part of the National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University .
The tree was introduced to the UK by Penelope Hobhouse , who obtained two specimens from the New York Botanical Gardens for planting at her family home , Hadspen , in Somerset . The tree was later marketed by the Knoll Gardens nursery in Dorset . In 2005 , 50 'Princeton ' were planted by The Prince of Wales to create the Anniversary Avenue at his residence Highgrove House , however all the trees were removed and burnt in 2012 after five died of DED . In Ireland , 100 were planted in Phoenix Park , Dublin , in 2009 to replace some of the 2000 native elms lost to Dutch elm disease since the 1980s .
Accessions
North America
Arnold Arboretum , US . Acc . nos . 352-91 , 561-89 .
Bartlett Tree Experts , US . Acc . nos . 2001-249 , 2001-250 , 2001-251 , 2001-484 , 2001-485 , 2003-964 .
Brentwood , Pennsylvania Arboretum , US . 11 specimens planted as street trees along educational campus , no acc . details available .
Dawes Arboretum , , Newark , Ohio , US . 2 trees , no acc . details available .
Holden Arboretum , US . Acc . nos . 2002-435 , 2003-174 , 56-908 .
Longwood Gardens , US . Acc . nos . 2000-0362 , 2002-0414 , 2003-0032 , 2004-0675 .
Morton Arboretum , US . Acc . no . 125-2008 .
U S National Arboretum , Washington , D.C. , US . Acc . no . 57842
Europe
Brighton & Hove City Council , UK . NCCPG Elm Collection .
Grange Farm Arboretum , Sutton St. James , Spalding , Lincs . UK . Acc . no . 697 .
Royal Horticultural Society Gardens , Wisley , UK . Planted bed WA 0201 , c.2002 .
Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , UK . Acc . no . not known .
Wijdemeren City Council , Netherlands , Elm collection . Five trees Planted Overmeerseweg , Nederhorst den Berg 2015 .
Nurseries
North America
Carlton Plants , LLC , Dayton , Oregon , US .
Charles Fiore Nurseries , Prairie View , Illinois , US .
Johnson Farms , Deerfield , New Jersey , US .
Riveredge Farms , Atlanta , Georgia , US .
Sharp Top Trees , White , Georgia , US .
The Botany Shop Garden Center , Joplin , Missouri , US .
References
External links
Photograph from 2002 of Princeton elms lining Washington Road in Princeton , New Jersey
American elm cultivar
Ulmus articles with images
Ulmus
IMUS ( also known as integrated manure utilization system ) is an anaerobic digestion technology that converts organic material into biogas that is used to produce electricity , heat and nutrients . The technology uses waste such as municipal waste , cow manure , sand laden feed lot waste , and food processing waste . The technology can be integrated with other industrial process , such as municipal facilities , open pen feedlots , food processing , and ethanol plants . The technology was developed in 1999 by Himark BioGas .
References
Anaerobic digestion
Jaswant Rai Sharma ( 24 February 1928 – 22 January 2017 ) , popularly known by his pen name Naqsh Lyallpuri , was an Indian ghazal and Bollywood film lyricist . He is best known for the songs `` Rasm-e-Ulfat Ko Nibhayen '' ( Dil Ki Rahen , 1973 ) , `` Tumhe Ho Na Ho '' ( Gharonda , 1977 ) , `` Yeh Mulaqaat Ek Bahana Hai `` ( Khandaan , 1979 ) , `` Pyar Ka Dard Hai '' ( Dard , 1981 ) , and `` Chitthiye Ni Dard Firaaq Vaaliye '' ( Henna , 1991 ) .
Early life
Jaswant Rai Sharma was born in Lyallpur ( now called Faisalabad and in present-day Pakistan ) on 24 February 1928 to a Punjabi-Brahmin family . His father , a mechanical engineer , wanted Jaswant to be an engineer , too . He disapproved of Jaswant 's affinity for literature . His mother died of chickenpox when he was eight and his father remarried , after which the father-son relationship deteriorated .
In 1946 Sharma worked at a publishing house named Hero Publications and later moved to Lahore looking for work . After the Partition of India , the family migrated to Lucknow . Sharma later took on the pen name `` Naqsh '' – meaning an impression , a mark or a print – and added `` Lyallpuri '' to it , following the tradition of Urdu poets to associate with their birthplace .
Lyallpuri moved to Bombay in 1951 and started working at The Times of India as a proofreader . He married Kamlesh , with whom he has three sons , Bappan , Rajendra , and Suneet . His family members also adopted Lyallpuri as their surname . Lyallpuri credits his wife as his `` pillar of strength '' who supported him in his unsuccessful years . His son Rajendra `` Rajan '' Lyallpuri is a cinematographer .
Works
Lyallpuri came to Mumbai in the 1950s seeking a career in the Hindi film industry . He started writing stage plays and was introduced to actor Ram Mohan , who was an assistant to actor-director Jagdish Sethi . Mohan introduced Lyallpuri to Sethi , who listened to his poetry and asked him to write songs for his next film . Lyallpuri debuted as a film lyricist with the 1953 film Jaggu , writing the lyrics of `` Agar Teri Aankhon Se Aankhein Mila Doon '' , rendered by Asha Bhosle and composed by Hansraj Bahl . He also penned one of the most memorable Talat Mehmood hits from 1956 film `` Diwali Ki raat '' , `` zindagi kis mod par '' with music director Snehal Bhatkar .
Until the 1970s , Lyallpuri 's work did not meet with success . He worked in the postal department to earn his living . Music director Jaidev introduced him to television serials and asked him to write lyrics for the Hindi television series Shrikant . Lyallpuri went on to write songs for about 50 TV serials along with nearly 40 Punjabi films .
Lyallpuri collaborated with various Bollywood music directors , including Madan Mohan , Khayyam , Sapan Jagmohan , Jaidev , Naushad , and Ravindra Jain , and Punjabi music composers like Surinder Kohli , Hansraj Bahl , Ved Sethi , and Husnlal-Bhagatram . He had a close association with director B. R. Ishara from their first film , Chetna , in 1970 , which Lyallpuri 's song `` Main Toh Har Mod Par Tujhko Doonga Sada '' performed by Mukesh .
Lyallpuri 's songs have been noted for being `` hummable '' , although they did not make a major impact on the overall industry . He avoided unwarranted word play and kept the lyrics simple , although he used Urdu words frequently . His command of Urdu made many doubt his Punjabi ethnicity . In his earlier career , he faced competition from Sahir Ludhianvi , Hasrat Jaipuri , and Shailendra and later from other Urdu-poets like Gulzar and Majrooh Sultanpuri , who were all well established in the Hindi film industry . Lyallpuri hence focused on Hindi B-grade films and Punjabi films . His 1973 song `` Rasm-e-Ulfat Ko Nibhayen '' for the film Dil Ki Rahen was sung by Lata Mangeshkar . Mangeshkar counts it as her favourite Lyallpuri song but gives credit for its success to the music composed by Madan Mohan , based on raag Madhuvanti and the lyrics written by Lyallpuri , rather than her own singing .
Lyallpuri is best known for the song `` Tumhe Ho Na Ho '' from the film Gharonda ( 1977 ) , sung by Bangladeshi singer Runa Laila . The song is often wrongly ascribed to Gulzar , who wrote the other songs in the film , whereas the song `` Do Deewane Shahar Mein '' in the same film is misattributed to Lyallpuri . The 1979 song `` Yeh Mulaqaat Ek Bahana Hai '' in the film Khandaan is noted for its unusual ghazal format . His `` Pyar Ka Dard Hai '' from the 1981 film Dard has been lauded for Kishore Kumar 's soft singing and for using `` everyday lyrics '' . He also wrote the only Punjabi song `` Chitthiye Ni Dard Firaaq Vaaliye '' in the film Henna ( 1991 ) .
Lyallpuri published two books : Teri Gali Ki Taref ( On Your Street ) is a collection of his non-film shayari and Angan Angan Barse Geet features his songs from films , television serials , and music albums .
Lyallpuri took a sabbatical from films in the 1990s , disliking the lyrical style prevalent then , some using profanity and continued with television . He returned in the 2000s penning lyrics for the films Taj Mahal : An Eternal Love Story ( 2005 ) and Yatra ( 2007 ) , collaborating with his earlier music directors Naushad and Khayyam , respectively . He was a founding member of the Indian Performing Rights Society , which works for royalty rights of music directors and lyricists .
Selective filmography
1952 – Jaggu
1955 – Ghamand
1958 – Rifle Girl
1959 – Circus Queen
1960 – Choron Ki Baraat
1960 – Road No . 303
1968 - Teri Talash Mein
1970 – Chetna
1971 – Man Tera Tan Mera
1972 – Man Jaiye
1973 – Dil Ki Rahen
1974 – Parinay
1974 – Call Girl
1977 – Gharonda
1975 – Kaagaz Ki Nao
1978 – Tumhare Liye
1979 – Khandaan
1981 – Ahista Ahista
1981 – Dard
1982 – Dil-e-Nadaan
1985 – Kala Suraj
1991 – Heena
2005 – Taj Mahal : An Eternal Love Story
2007 – Yatra
Death
Lyallpuri suffered from a hip bone fracture in March 2016 and was hospitalized in October 2016 . He died on 22 January 2017 at the age of 88 at his residence in Andheri , Mumbai and his funeral took place at the Oshiwara crematorium .
References
External links
1928 births
2017 deaths
Hindi-language lyricists
Indian lyricists
Indian male songwriters
20th-century pseudonymous writers
21st-century pseudonymous writers
Punjabi people
Urdu-language writers from India
People from Faisalabad
Screenwriters from Mumbai
Caudellia apyrella , the crescent-winged caudellia moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Caudellia . It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1904 in honor of his colleague Andrew Nelson Caudell . It is found in North America .
The larvae feed on Cuscuta compacta and Cuscuta gronovii .
References
Moths described in 1904
Phycitinae
John Devereux may refer to :
John Devereux , Lord of Munsley ( c. 1253-1316 ) , Anglo-Norman nobleman in the time of Edward I and Edward II of England
John Devereux , 1st Baron Devereux ( died 1393 ) , peer in the reign of King Richard II of England
John Devereux ( died 1419 ) , MP for Dorset
John Devereux , 9th Baron Ferrers of Chartley ( c. 1461–1501 ) , English peer
John C. Devereux ( 1774–1848 ) , mayor of Utica , New York and noted Roman Catholic
( 1778–1860 ) , Irish recruiter of troops for Simón Bolívar , Latin American diplomat , and confidence trickster
John Devereux ( politician ) ( born 1946 ) , Australian politician
John Patrick Devereux ( born 1963 ) , American soccer player
John Devereux ( rugby ) ( born 1966 ) , Welsh rugby league and rugby union footballer and coach
John Thomas Devereux ( died 1885 ) , member of the UK parliament for Wexford Borough , 1847–1859
John Devereux ( academic ) ( born 1965 ) , Australian professor of law
John Devereux ( bishop ) , 16th-century religious leader in Ireland
John Henry Devereux ( 1840–1920 ) , American architect and builder
See also
John Devereux Ward ( 1925–2010 ) , British Conservative Party politician
David L. Prychitko ( born June 22 , 1962 ) is an American economist of the Austrian School . Prychitko is a critic of Marxism , but defends the idea of workers ' self-managed firms in a freed market system . Prychitko is a tenured professor at Northern Michigan University .
Early life and education
Prychitko was born in Evergreen Park , Illinois to Harry and Joanne Prychitko . He is of Ukrainian and Italian descent . He was raised in Worth , Illinois , and is a 1980 graduate of Alan Shepard High School in Palos Heights , Illinois . He remained in Worth until he moved to Michigan to attend Northern Michigan University in Marquette , a small city in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan . After completing his B.S . in Economics ( 1984 ) , Prychitko attended George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , where he earned an M.A . ( 1987 ) and a Ph.D. ( 1989 ) in economics . At George Mason he was a student of Kenneth Boulding , James Buchanan , Don Lavoie , and Thelma Z. Lavine . Lavoie chaired Prychitko 's dissertation committee . Michael Alexeev , Jack High , and Karen I. Vaughn served as the economists on the committee , and Tom Burns , a sociologist , served as the `` outside the discipline '' committee member .
Before completing his Ph.D. , Prychitko was also a Junior Fellow in the Program on Participation and Labor-Managed systems in the Department of Economics at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York ( 1988 ) . He finished writing his dissertation research there , with some influence under the program 's director , Jaroslav Vaněk .
Professional history
After receiving his doctorate , Prychitko conducted post-doctoral research on a Fulbright Grant in the Philosophical Faculty at the University of Zagreb , in Zagreb , Croatia ( 1989 ) . While there he had also participated in several courses at the Inter-University Centre of Postgraduate Studies in Dubrovnik , Croatia , including Political Theory and Political Education—Anarchism : Community and Utopia . That course was celebrated as the first gathering in Yugoslavia of scholars of anarchism in forty or more years . During his stay at the Inter-University Centre , Prychitko also critically discussed the theory and practice of workers ' self-managed socialism with several members of the Yugoslav Praxis School , including Zagorka Golubovic , Mihailo Markovic , Svetozar Stojanovic , and Rudi Supek .
After his return from Yugoslavia , Prychitko served as a faculty member in the Department of Economics at the State University of New York at Oswego , in Oswego , New York ( 1989–1997 ) . During that time , he participated as a Summer Fellow in the Faculty Seminar on Economy , Values , and Culture , at the Institute for the Study of Economic Culture , Boston University in Boston , Massachusetts ( 1992 ) , a program directed by the noted sociologist , Peter Berger .
Prychitko was also a Faculty Affiliate in the Program in Philosophy , Politics , and Economics of the James M. Buchanan Center for Political Economy , George Mason University ( 2001–2004 ) . Additionally , he held the Cecil and Ida Green Chair in Economics at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth , Texas ( 2003–2004 ) . Prychitko has been a faculty member in the Department of Economics at Northern Michigan University since 1997 .
Non-professionally , Prychitko was a college-radio blues disc jockey for several years , a volunteer position he held at radio stations WNYO in Oswego , New York and WUPX in Marquette , Michigan . He has since become a devotee of old-time fiddle music , and is one of a handful of Appalachian-style fiddlers in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula .
He lives in Marquette , Michigan with his wife Julie . They have four children , Sonja , Emily , Anthony , and Anna .
Bibliography
As author or co-author
Marxism and Workers ' Self-Management : The Essential Tension ( Greenwood Press , 1991 ) .
Markets , Planning and Democracy : Essays after the Collapse of Communism ( Elgar , 2002 ) .
The Economic Way of Thinking co-authored with Paul Heyne and Peter Boettke ( Pearson 2014 ) . This textbook has been translated into Chinese , Hungarian , Japanese , and Russian .
As editor or co-editor
Market Process : Essays in Contemporary Austrian Economics co-edited and introduced with Peter Boettke ( Elgar , 1994 ) .
Individuals , Institutions , Interpretations : Hermeneutics Applied to Economics ( Avebury , 1995 ) .
Advances in Austrian Economics , Vol . III with Peter Boettke ( JAI Press , 1996 ) .
Producer Cooperatives and Labor-Managed Systems two volumes co-edited and introduced with Jaroslav Vaněk ( # 62 in the International Library of Critical Writings in Economics , Mark Blaug , series editor , Elgar , 1996 ) .
Ludwig von Mises and F.A . Hayek , `` O Slobodnom Trzistu : Klesicni Eseji ( `` The Free Market : Classic Essays '' ) . Croatian translations co-edited and introduced with Nevenka Cuckovic ( MATE , 1998 )
Why Economists Disagree : An Introduction to the Alternative Schools of Thought ( State University of New York Press , 1998 ) ( hardcover ) and ( paperback )
Market Process Theories two volumes co-edited and introduced with Peter Boettke ( Elgar Publishing , 1998 )
Selected articles
As author or co-author
`` Beyond Equilibrium Economics : Reflections on the Uniqueness of the Austrian Tradition '' ( with Peter Boettke and Steven Horwitz ) , Market Process , 4 ( 2 ) , Fall 1986
`` The Welfare State : What is Left ? , '' Critical Review , 4 ( 2 ) , 1990
`` Ludwig Lachmann and the Interpretive Turn in Economics : A Critical Inquiry into the Hermeneutics of the Plan , '' Advances in Austrian Economics , Vol I ( 1994 )
`` Expanding the Anarchist Range : A Critical Reappraisal of Rothbard 's Contribution to the Contemporary Theory of Anarchism , '' Review of Political Economy , 9 ( 4 ) , 1997
`` Hayekian Socialism : Rethinking Burczak , Ellerman , and Kirzner , '' Rethinking Marxism , 10 ( 2 ) Summer 1998
`` Is an Independent Nonprofit Sector Prone to Failure ? Toward an Austrian School Interpretation of Nonprofit and Voluntary Action '' ( with Peter Boettke ) , Conversations on Philanthropy Vol . I : Conceptual Foundations , 2004 , Lenore Ealy ed .
`` Communicative Action and the Radical Constitution : The Habermasian Challenge to Hayek , Mises , and their Descendants '' ( with Virgil Storr ) , Cambridge Journal of Economics 31 ( 2 ) March 2007
`` Competing Explanations of the Minsky Moment : The Financial Instability Hypothesis in Light of Austrian Theory , '' Review of Austrian Economics , 23 September 2010
References
External links
Prychitko 's ResearchGate page
Prychitko 's Academia.edu page
1962 births
Living people
American bloggers
American book editors
American economics writers
21st-century American economists
American libertarians
American male non-fiction writers
American political philosophers
Austrian School economists
Historians of economic thought
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male bloggers
Mikhail Andreyevich Tikhonov ( ; born 17 July 1998 ) is a Russian football player . He plays as right-back or right midfielder for Rodina Moscow .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Cup for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 24 August 2016 in a game against FC Dynamo Barnaul .
He made his Russian Football National League debut for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 10 September 2016 in a game against FC Khimki .
He made his Russian Premier League debut with FC Krylia Sovetov Samara on 11 August 2018 as a last-minute substitute in a game against FC Rostov .
On 20 August 2021 , he signed a one-year contract with SKA-Khabarovsk .
Personal life
He is a son of Andrey Tikhonov .
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1998 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
Association football defenders
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Krasnodar players
FC Khimki players
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
The 2021 ASUN women 's soccer tournament was the postseason women 's soccer tournament for the ASUN Conference held from October 29 through November 6 , 2021 . All rounds of the tournament were hosted at the Western Division champions and Eastern Division champions home stadiums . The eight-team single-elimination tournament consisted of three rounds based on seeding from regular season conference play . The Liberty Flames were the defending tournament champions , and unable to defend their title , losing to Eastern Kentucky in the Quarterfinals . The Lipscomb Bisons won the tournament after defeating Kennesaw State 1–0 in the final . It was their third title in four years , and third title in program history for Lipscomb and coach Kevin O'Brien . As tournament champions , Lipscomb earned the ASUN 's automatic berth into the 2021 NCAA Division I Women 's Soccer Tournament .
Bracket
Source :
Schedule
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
Goalscorers
All-Tournament team
Source :
MVP in bold
References
ASUN Women 's Soccer Tournament
Events from the year 1963 in art .
Events
January 8 – Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa is exhibited in the United States for the first ( and only ) time , for a period of four weeks , at the National Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. During this time it was viewed by over half a million people .
September – The David Mirvish Gallery is opened in Toronto by David Mirvish .
November 17 – Museo Bodoniano opens in Parma , Italy .
Museum of Contemporary Art ( Skopje ) opens in Yugoslavia .
First Pirelli Calendar ( for 1964 ) , photographed by Robert Freeman in Majorca , issued in the United Kingdom . His portrait of The Beatles is used on the cover of their album With the Beatles ( released November 22 ) .
Awards
Archibald Prize : J Carington Smith – Professor James McAuley
John Moores Painting Prize – Roger Hilton for `` March 1963 ''
Exhibitions
Visione e Colore , Palazzo Grassi , Venice
Roy Lichtenstein 's second solo exhibition , Leo Castelli Gallery , New York City
Morris Louis memorial exhibition , Guggenheim Museum , New York City
Works
Josef Albers – `` Manhattan '' for the Pan Am I Building in New York City ( disassembled and removed in 2000 - recreated from Albers ' design specifications in 2019 after the original was determined to be unsalvageable due to asbestos )
Liberty Bell ( Portland , Oregon )
Georg Baselitz – Die große Nacht im Eimer ( Museum Ludwig , Cologne )
Romare Bearden – Prevalence of Ritual
Maurice Boitel – Cadaques
M. C. Escher – Möbius Strip II ( Red Ants ) ( woodcut )
David Hockney – Domestic Scene , Los Angeles
Edward Hopper – Two Comedians
Roy Lichtenstein
Bratatat !
Crying Girl ( lithograph )
Drowning Girl
Hopeless
In the Car
Okay Hot-Shot , Okay !
Torpedo ... Los !
Whaam ! ( diptych )
Woman with Flowered Hat
René Magritte – The Difficult Crossing ( 2nd version )
Lewis Morley – Christine Keeler ( photograph )
John Piper and Patrick Reyntiens – windows at St Andrew 's Church , Plymouth
Andy Warhol
Death in America ( screenprint series )
Eight Elvises
Green Car Crash ( Green Burning Car I )
Orange Disaster # 5
Red Car Crash
Silver Car Crash ( Double Disaster )
Suicide ( Purple Jumping Man )
Thirty Are Better Than One
David Wynne
Christ and Mary Magdalene ( bronze castings , Ely Cathedral and Magdalen College , Oxford )
Fire Figure ( partly gilded aluminium , Lewis 's , Hanley , Staffordshire )
Reclining Woman ( bronzes )
The Sisters ( bronzes )
Sleeping girl ( bronzes )
Yehudi Menuhin ( bronze heads )
Births
January 20 – Mark Ryden , American painter
April 4 – Martin Firrell , French-born British public artist
April 20 – Rachel Whiteread , English sculptor
May 16 – Jon Coffelt , American painter , sculptor and book artist
May 31 – Wesley Willis , American artist and musician ( d. 2003 )
June 24 – Mike Wieringo , American comic book artist ( d. 2007 )
July 20 – Ciruelo Cabral , Argentine fantasy artist
August 16 – Stevenson Magloire , painter of the School of Saint Soleil ( d. 1994 )
date unknown
Marco Evaristti , Chilean sculptor
Anya Gallaccio , British installation artist
Sophie Ryder , English sculptor
Bob and Roberta Smith ( Patrick Brill ) , English slogan painter
Deaths
February 3 – Piero Manzoni , Italian artist ( b . 1933 )
February 8 – Fortunino Matania , Italian-born illustrator and war artist ( b . 1881 )
February 14 – Hilda Vīka , Latvian painter ( born 1897 )
February 27 – Vladimir Konashevich , Russian graphic artist ( b . 1888 ) .
March 1 – Felice Casorati , Italian painter ( b . 1883 )
June 9 – Jacques Villon , French Cubist painter and printmaker ( b . 1875 )
June 20 – Manuel Benedito , Spanish painter ( b . 1875 )
July 16 – Antonio Donghi , Italian painter ( b . 1897 )
July 23 – Aleksandr Gerasimov , Soviet socialist realist painter ( b . 1881 )
August 11 – Alois Arnegger , Austrian painter ( b . 1879 )
August 16 – Joan Eardley , British painter ( b . 1921 )
August 31 – Georges Braque , French painter and sculptor ( b . 1882 )
September 11 – Suzanne Duchamp , French Dadaist painter and sister of Marcel Duchamp ( b . 1889 )
September 19 – David Low , New Zealand-born editorial cartoonist ( b . 1891 )
October 20 – Everett Warner , American impressionist painter and printmaker ( b . 1877 )
See also
1963 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
References
Years of the 20th century in art
1960s in art
Paula Denk ( ; 18 January 1908 in Namibia – 9 January 1978 in Munich ) was a German actress . She was a star of stage , screen , radio and television whose career spanned five decades .
Denk 's list of acting credits begins in the 1930s , with films such as Das verliebte Hotel ( 1933 , as Lilo ) , Eskapade ( 1936 , as Vera , the bride ) and the comedy Peter , Paul und Nanette ( 1935 , as Adele ) , in which she was described as “ a slender brunette , especially attractive as a pert maid ” in a 1940 New York Times review .
During this period she also appeared in many stage productions , and was immortalized as one of the stars featured in a now-collectible set of cigarette cards in 1936 , along with such popular international stars of the day as Marlene Dietrich and Cary Grant .
Denk was part of a circle that included writer Klaus Mann and famous actor/director Gustaf Gründgens . Among collaborations between Gründgens and Denk is a 1948 stage production of Anton Chekhov 's The Seagull , in which they starred as Trigorin and Irina . In 1951 , Denk played Lavinia Chamberlayne in a radio adaptation of TS Eliot 's play The Cocktail Party ( staged as Die Cocktail Party ) . Gründgens directed the production , which also starred his ex-wife , Marianne Hoppe . Recordings of the play remain available today .
In the 1950s , Denk began appearing in television roles , highlighted by a performance as Margot in Besuch Aus Der Zone ( 1958 ) , and Leonida in Ein Tag in Paris ( 1966 ) , in which Denk co-starred with Horst Tappert , who in 1975 would invite her to appear in an episode of his popular and long-running hit series , Derrick ( TV series ) . Denk also appeared as Frau Price-Ridley in a popular adaptation of Agatha Christie 's The Murder at the Vicarage , produced in German as Mord im Pfarrhaus ( 1970 ) .
Selected filmography
The Love Hotel ( 1933 )
Rosen aus dem Süden ( 1934 )
Peter , Paul and Nanette ( 1935 )
Family Parade ( 1936 )
Escapade ( 1936 )
Das Konzert ( 1956 )
Besuch Aus Der Zone ( 1958 )
Geliebt in Rom ( 1963 )
Ein tag in Paris ( 1966 )
Mord in Pfarrhaus ( 1970 )
Derrick - Season 2 , Episode 4 : `` Madeira '' ( 1975 )
References
External links
1908 births
1978 deaths
20th-century German actresses
German expatriates in Namibia
The WCPW Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling heavyweight championship in Windy City Pro Wrestling ( WCPW ) . It was the original top singles championship for the promotion before the creation of the WCPW League Championship in 1993 and its incorporation into the then newly created weight-class division as a legitimate heavyweight title ( over 240 lbs ) . It was eventually unified with the Bare Knuckles and League Championships to create the `` WCPW World Heavyweight Championship '' .
The inaugural champion was `` Mr. Electric '' Steve Regal , who won the title in Chicago , Illinois on April 13 , 1988 to become the first WCPW Heavyweight Champion . Sean Mulligan holds the record for most reigns , with four . At 1,092 days , Ripper Manson 's first and only reign is the longest in the title 's history . He is the only wrestler in the promotion 's history to retire as champion . Mulligan 's second reign was the shortest in the history of the title as it was returned to him on the same night as he lost it . Overall , there have been 25 reigns shared between 17 wrestlers , with four vacancies , and 1 deactivation .
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
Combined reigns
References
External links
WindyCityProWrestling.com
Title History - Windy City Pro Wrestling
Heavyweight Championship
Heavyweight wrestling championships
The Cougar C26 was a Group C sports car prototype used in the World Sports-Prototype Championship sports car racing series in 1991 . Power came from a 3.0-liter Porsche 6-cylinder turbocharged engine . It achieved one podium finish ; with its best results being a 2nd-place finish at the 1991 Most Interserie race , being driven by Frenchman Lionel Robert .
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1991
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
The Malabar danio ( Devario malabaricus ) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family ( Cyprinidae ) . Originating in Sri Lanka and the west coast of India , the fish has been circulated throughout the world through the aquarium fish trade . It grows to a maximum length of rarely exceeds in a home aquarium .
The Malabar danio is found in tropical climates in a wide variety of waters , from mountain streams to small pools , but it prefers flowing waters . It is an active , schooling fish that prefers to be in groups . Its diet consists of insects and plant matter .
Malabar danios are oviparous , and spawn in shallow water after heavy rains among the plants growing on the bottom . An adult will spawn around 200 light-orange , sticky eggs that will hatch in one to two days . The fry will be free-swimming after the fifth day . The parents must be removed from aquaria to prevent them from eating the eggs .
The species was earlier incorrectly considered a synonym of Devario aequipinnatus , which is a valid name for a different species .
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
External links
Devario malabaricus
Devario
Freshwater fish of Sri Lanka
Fish described in 1849
Taxa named by Thomas C. Jerdon
Carli Ellen Lloyd ( born August 6 , 1989 ) is an American former professional volleyball player who played as a setter for the United States women 's national volleyball team . She played college women 's volleyball at the University of California , Berkeley . Lloyd won bronze with the national team at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games .
Career
Lloyd played with the Italian club Yamamay Busto Arsizio from the 2011/12 to the 2012/13 season , winning during the season 2011/12 the League , Cup and Supercup also winning the CEV Cup .
With the Italian club Pomì Casalmaggiore Lloyd won the Italian League and the 2015-2016 Champions League .
Lloyd won the Best Setter individual award and the 2015 Pan-American Cup gold medal . She later won the 2015 Pan American Games gold medal and became Most Valuable Player and Best Setter . She was born in 1989 .
Clubs
Yamamay Busto Arsizio ( 2011–2013 )
Prosecco Doc-Imoco Conegliano ( 2013–2014 )
Lokomotiv Baku ( 2014–2015 )
Pomí Casalmaggiore ( 2015–2017 )
Hinode Barueri ( 2017–2018 )
Dentil Praia Clube ( 2018–2019 )
Eczacıbaşı VitrA ( 2019–2020 )
Pomí Casalmaggiore ( 2020– )
Awards
College
2010 AVCA Player of the Year
2010 NCAA Division I : Most Outstanding Player ( regional )
2010 NCAA Division I : Final Four All-Tournament Team
2007 NCAA Division I : Madison Regional All-Tournament Team
Individual
2015 Pan-American Cup `` Best Setter ''
2015 Pan American Games `` Best Setter ''
2015 Pan American Games `` Most Valuable Player ''
2015-16 CEV Champions League `` Best Setter '' '
2016 FIVB Club World Championship `` Best Setter '' ''
Clubs
2011-12 Italian Cup - Champion , with Yamamay Busto Arsizio
2011-12 Italian League - Champion , with Yamamay Busto Arsizio
2012 Italian Supercup - Champion , with Yamamay Busto Arsizio
2011–12 CEV Cup - Champion , with Yamamay Busto Arsizio
2012–13 CEV Champions League - Bronze medal , with Yamamay Busto Arsizio
2015 Italian Supercup - Champion , with Pomì Casalmaggiore
2015–16 CEV Champions League - Champion , with Pomi Casalmaggiore
2016 FIVB Club World Championship - Runner-up , with Pomi Casalmaggiore
2018 Minas Gerais Championship - Runner-up , with Praia Clube
2018 Brazilian Supercup - Champion , with Praia Clube
2018–19 Brazilian Superliga - Runner-up , with Praia Clube
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
American women 's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 2011 Pan American Games
California Golden Bears women 's volleyball players
Sportspeople from San Diego County , California
Volleyball players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in volleyball
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
American expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Lokomotiv Baku volleyball players
People from Fallbrook , California
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Setters ( volleyball )
Expatriate volleyball players in Azerbaijan
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
Serie A1 ( women 's volleyball ) players
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
ProCharger is the supercharger division of Accessible Technologies , Inc. ( ATI ) , a supercharger and industrial turbomachinery manufacturer located in the Kansas City metropolitan area . Inovair is the name of the company 's industrial products division .
History
ProCharger was incorporated in December 1993 , and its initial supercharger systems were for 5.0 Mustangs and carbureted Chevrolet applications . ProCharger was originally located in a leased property in Lenexa , KS . In December 1998 it moved into a building designed specifically for the company , and that building was expanded in 2004 . In 2010 , the company acquired control of a second building , adjacent to the primary building .
Products and Distribution
The company manufactures ProCharger superchargers and supercharger systems for a variety of applications , including automotive , truck , motorcycle , UTV ( utility terrain vehicle ) and marine . ProChargers are distributed primarily through a network of dealers who have installation and calibration capabilities . The company also designs aircraft deicing compressors and industrial blowers , blower packages and compressors through its Inovair division .
Manufacturing
Superchargers , supercharger systems and subassemblies are manufactured in-house on computer numerical control ( CNC ) equipment , utilizing coordinate measuring machines ( CMM 's ) , balancing equipment , run-in stands and other equipment to verify quality during the production and assembly process . Billet impellers are manufactured from large diameter sticks of 7075 T-6 aluminum , which are cut to height on the saw , contoured on a CNC lathe and then machined on a CNC mill ( 5 axes , 4 axes or 3 axes , depending on complexity ) . On its street-legal superchargers , ProCharger offers a choice of noise levels , with the quieter `` stealth '' gearset featuring a helical design . Quality control includes running every supercharger that leaves the facility , rather than random sampling . The engineering team utilizes 3D computer-aided design software , rapid prototyping equipment , a large test lab , and engine and chassis dynamometers during the R & D process .
Industry Contributions
Among its initial industry contributions , ProCharger was the first to offer a complete intercooled supercharger system for the aftermarket performance industry In track testing in July 1994 , the automotive press documented an improvement in quarter mile performance of 2 seconds and 16 mph on a stock 1993 Cobra running 9 psi in 97 degree weather , utilizing an intercooled ProCharger system .
In 1995 , an intercooled ProCharger system became the first supercharger system to receive an emissions exemption ( CARB EO # D-365 ) for an application running more than 8 psi of boost , receiving that exemption for a 14 psi intercooled supercharger system for a 5.0 Mustang . In 1996 , ProCharger was the first company to offer complete intercooled supercharger systems for marine applications .
In 2000 , Doug Mangrum became the first racer to run faster than a 7.0 ET ( elapsed time ) in the quarter mile using a centrifugal supercharger . Donny Walsh and Jim Summers soon followed with 6-second quarter mile passes in the same year , with all 3 using a ProCharger supercharger and also exceeding 200 mph . The supercharger design used by these 3 racers includes a patented “ bearing within a bearing ” design for the high speed output shaft .
In 2006 , Bo Butner , running a ProCharger supercharger , became the first racer to win a championship in NHRA running a centrifugal supercharger , which had previously been outlawed in NHRA .
The company began manufacturing intercooled supercharger systems for Harley-Davidson motorcycles in 2006 . That product included several patented design elements , and this H-D supercharger kit in 2006 was awarded a Popular Mechanics award for Design and Innovation , and then in 2008 achieved further industry recognition as the Easyriders Performance Product of the Year .
ProCharger has a notable history of innovation and new product development . In 2000 , ProCharger managed an industry first by offering the first gear driven centrifugal supercharger with self-contained oiling . It is credited with being the first to offer a supercharger system for Corvettes with LS engines , and in 2010 was the first to introduce supercharger systems for the Ford Raptor and 3.7L V6 Mustang . In testing by the automotive press in 2011 on a stock 6.2L Ford Raptor , an intercooled ProCharger supercharger system increased performance by over 200 horsepower , and was also reported to be installed in approximately 4 hours . In 2013 the i-1 ProCharger supercharger model was introduced at the SEMA trade show and was the first production supercharger offering a programmable/variable ratio design and touchscreen cockpit control . Starting in 2014 several racers from the Street Outlaws TV show on Discovery Channel have been featured with ProCharger superchargers on their race cars 1 . In 2015 , ProCharger was the first to introduce an aftermarket supercharger system for C7 Z06 Corvettes . In the fall of 2016 , the Engine Power television show “ Making a Mustang Monster ” featured a ProCharger system adding approximately 300 horsepower to a brand new 2016 Mustang with no other modifications .
Sponsorship
ProCharger does not sponsor race cars directly , but does act as class sponsor for several racing classes in multiple sanctioning bodies , and acts as a contingency sponsor in additional racing sanctioning bodies . Notable racers who have won championships using ProCharger products include Aaron Bates , Joe Guertin , Phil Hines , John Urist , James Lawrence , Marcro Abruzzi , Johnny Coleman , Jason Lee , Tim Matherly , Nina Gusler , Jarod Wenrick , Kevin Young , Steve Jackson , Rich Bruder , Mike Modeste , Mark Micke , Don Walsh , Jim Blair and Jimmy LaRocca .
References
Auto parts suppliers of the United States
Automotive motorsports and performance companies
Motorcycle parts manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Kansas
Matthew Anthony `` Matt '' Haanappel , ( born 21 May 1994 ) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer . He was born in Wantirna , Victoria and resides in the far eastern suburbs of Melbourne . He has cerebral palsy right hemiplegia . Haanappel has represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics , the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships , the 2014 Pan Pacific Para Swimming Championships , the 2016 Summer Paralympics , and the 2018 Commonwealth Games . He represents the Camberwell Grammar School Aquatic club .
Personal
Haanappel was born on 21 May 1994 , with cerebral palsy right hemiplegia as a result of a prenatal stroke . His disability severely impairs his fine motor skills and dexterity due to the spasticity in his right hand . Matthew attended the Cerebral Palsy Education Centre in Melbourne as a child , and is now an ambassador of the organisation .
Haanappel comes from a family with a strong sporting background . His father Shane is an Australian basketball representative , his brother Adam is an international tennis player , and he is the cousin of retired cyclist Cadel Evans .
Haanappel was a student at Croydon Secondary College from 2008 to 2011 . During 2012 , he deferred his VCE to spend more time training . In 2013 , he returned to study at Melba College to complete his VCE .
Haanappel is also an ambassador and advocate for Sport in Victoria , which promotes physical activity and sporting excellence through students in public schools within Victoria .
Swimming
Haanappel is an S6 classified swimmer competing in 50m freestyle , 100m freestyle , 50m butterfly , 100m backstroke , 100m breaststroke and 200m individual medley . He was reclassified in early 2012 , having previously competed in S7 events .
He is a full-time member of the Paralympic Swimming Program at the Victorian Institute of Sport , and is also a member of the Camberwell Grammar Aquatic Club when he trains in Melbourne .
Haanappel continues to mentor young swimmers at Lilydale Swimming Club . Internationally , he mostly competes against competitors in his own classification , but domestically he competes against swimmers in all disability classes and sometimes against able bodied swimmers in club and state level competitions .
2005
Haanappel started swimming in 2005 at the Lilydale Swimming Club . First coached by Swimming Victoria SWD Head Coach Karen Garrard and also the club 's junior level coach Anne Longridge . He competed at his first competition , the 2005 Victorian Primary School Swimming Championships where he false started at his first ever race .
2006
At age 13 , Matthew put his swimming on hold to move with his family to Port Vila , Vanuatu . During this time he took up wheelchair tennis through the Vanuatu Paralympic Committee . Haanappel attended the Port Vila International School .
2007
Haanappel returned to Australia late in 2007 .
2008
Midway through 2008 , Haanappel decided to rejoin the Lilydale Swimming Club under his old coach Anne Longridge , but after a short period was promoted to the Junior and Senior State Squad under the instruction of Neil and Michael Davis .
Haanappel was selected to represent Victoria at the 2008 Pacific School Games in Canberra , receiving silver and bronze medals .
2009
In 2009 , Haanappel broke Australian Age Disability Records with Swimming Australia . Haanappel was selected as the Victorian representative for the School Sport Australia Swimming Championships . Subsequently , Haanappel switched coaches to Lawrence Krauter at Lilydale Swimming Club .
2010
Haanappel competed in his first national championship in 2010 and was selected for the Australian Youth Team . At his first international trip at the 2010 Internationale Deutsche Meisterschaften in Berlin , he earned a silver medal in the 50 m Youth Butterfly .
Haanappel moved in late 2010 to the Nunawading Swimming Club to join Amanda Isaac and Rohan Taylor at the club 's Victorian Institute of Sport High Performance Program .
2011
As an Age competitor he had three first-place finishes , two second-place finishes and three third-place finishes at the 2011 National Age Multi-Class Championships . He travelled to Germany for his second Internationale Deutsche Meisterschaften in Berlin , achieving three gold medals .
2012
In early 2012 prior to the Paralympic Selection Trials , Haanappel trained at the United States Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs alongside Michael Phelps .
Haanappel swam at the 2012 Paralympic Trials , achieving three priority two selection times for the 2012 Team .
He was selected for his fourth Victoria School Swimming Team in 2012 , and was selected to the position of male team captain for the championships . Haanappel was the first AWD student to have held the role of Male Captain .
In June 2012 , Matthew was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 200m individual medley , 100m freestyle , 100m backstroke , 50m butterfly , the 50m freestyle events . Going into the London Games , he was ranked fourth in the world in the 50 metre freestyle event and third in the 200 metre individual medley . His training for the 2012 London Paralympics included pilates , gym sessions , pool training , and a relay training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport .
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he won a gold medal in the Men 's 4 × 100 m Freestyle Relay ( 34 points ) and a bronze in the Men 's 4 × 100 m Medley Relay ( 34 points ) .
Towards the end of 2012 , after a break from training , Haanappel returned under the coaching of Jonathan Shaw at the University of the Sunshine Coast .
2013
In 2013 , Haanappel continued training at the University of the Sunshine Coast through to May when he returned to Melbourne and trained at the DVE Aquatic Club , under the instruction of Brian Miller ( coach to the Australian team for the 2011 Pan Pacific Para Swimming Championships ) .
Haanappel was selected to the Australian Paralympic Swim Team to compete at the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal . He won a bronze medal in the Men 's 100 m Freestyle S6 .
In October , Haanappel moved to the Norwood Swimming Club in Adelaide to help grow a Paralympic Swimming Program at the club .
2014
In 2014 , Haanappel moved to the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra to join the Swimming Australia National Training Centre . He was selected to the Australian Teams attending the Brazilian National Championships and the Pan Pacific Para Swimming Championships , where he won three Gold , two Silver and one Bronze medal .
After the Paralympic Pan Pacific Championships , Haanappel returned to Melbourne to undergo surgery on his left shoulder . He did not swim the end of year 's National Short Course Championships .
2015
As of 2015 , Haanappel was listed as a supported athlete at the Australian Institute of Sport under Yuriy Vdovychenko , who trains in Melbourne with Ringwood Swimming Club .
2016
Haanappel contested the 2016 Australian Swimming Championships incorporating the 2016 Australian Paralympic Team Trials . He swam 50m and 100m in both Freestyle and Backstroke . He was selected to the Australian Dolphins National Swim Team and listed as an emergency for the 2016 Australian Paralympic Team . Haanappel was called up for formal selection in the 2016 Australian Paralympic Team in August after a nominated athlete was withdrawn .
He was then assigned to Swimming Victoria State Team Coach , Michal Skrodzki for his preparation towards the Rio Games .
At the 2016 Rio Paralympics , Haanappel competed in five events . He placed sixth in Mixed 4 x 50m Freestyle ( 20 points ) , sixth in 100m Freestyle S6 and fifth in Men 's 50m Freestyle S6 . Before the Rio Paralympics , Haanappel said that he hoped to inspire others and `` show everyone that people with disabilities can achieve things '' .
2018
Haanappel competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the 50 metre Freestyle S7 , placing 6th . He then trained at Camberwell Grammar Aquatic under Matthew Belgiovane .
Recognition
2008 : School Sport Victoria AWD Award
2010 : Leader Junior Sports Star Encouragement Award
2012 : Leader Senior Sports Star of the Year
2012 : School Sport Victoria Swimming Award
2012 : School Sport Victoria Outstanding Sporting Achievement Award
2012 : Victorian Young Achievers Award for Sporting Excellence
2014 : Order of Australia Medal following London 2012 Paralympic Games
Personal bests
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Australia
Paralympic bronze medalists for Australia
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male backstroke swimmers
Victorian Institute of Sport alumni
S6-classified Paralympic swimmers
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Guaymallén is a central department of Mendoza Province in Argentina .
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 250,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Villa Nueva , which is located around from Buenos Aires .
History
1858 , on May 14 Guaymallén Department was created .
1896 , on May 19 Villa Nueva was declared as cabecera ( capital ) of the departament .
Economy
The economy of the Guaymallén Department , represented 8.7 % of the economy of Mendoza Province .
The three main sectors of the economy are banks and financial institutions , the service sector , and industry and manufacturing .
Districts
Guaymallén Department is divided into 20 districts :
Belgrano
Bermejo
Buena Nueva
Capilla del Rosario
Colonia Segovia
Dorrego
El Sauce
Jesús Nazareno
Kilómetro 8
Kilómetro 11
La Primavera
Las Cañas
Los Corralitos
Nueva Ciudad
Pedro Molina
Puente de Hierro
Rodeo de la Cruz
San Francisco del Monte
San José
Villa Nueva
External links
Information about Guaymallén ( Spanish )
Municipal site ( Spanish )
Satellite Image of Villa Nueva
Index of streets and barrios of Guaymallén
1858 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
The 2009 flu pandemic in Croatia or 2009 swine flu in Croatia ( Croatian : Pandemija gripe u Hrvatskoj 2009. ; Pandemija svinjske gripe u Hrvatskoj 2009 . ) was a pandemic event in Croatia during the 2009 swine flu pandemic .
The trail of the 2009 flu pandemic had left 526 people infected and 22 died from the disease .
Background
On 29 April it was announced that a 22-year-old traveler from Florida had been held in quarantine in Osijek , Croatia under suspicion of swine flu . Later that day , however , the Director of Infectious Disease Epidemiology Agency , Dr. Ira Gjenero Margan , stated results of the testing for swine flu were negative `` with 99 % certainty '' . On 30 April , a child was held in quarantine in Zagreb but the results were negative . On 15 June , health minister Darko Milinovic confirmed the first case of swine flu in Croatia ; however a few hours later he said that a laboratory in London , United Kingdom , had cross-contaminated the samples and thus created a false positive result , meaning that there were no infections in Croatia .
History
The first case was Laboratory confirmed on 3 July . The patient was a 60-year-old woman , who came from Australia . On 31 October , a 61-year-old man from Split became the first patient in Croatia to die because of swine flu .
The pandemic throughout its career had managed to infect 526 people and kill 22 people before it ended .
References
2009 in Croatia
Croatia
Disease outbreaks in Croatia
Good Morning Universe – The Very Best of Toyah is a double-CD compilation released by Toyah Willcox in 2007 . It is the first ever career spanning retrospective collection covering all of Toyah 's albums from Safari Records with her band , through to solo recordings up to 2003 's Velvet Lined Shell . It includes Toyah 's UK charting singles , classic album cuts , live tracks , collaborations , and previously unreleased remixes and demos .
Track listing
CD1
`` Victims of the Riddle ''
`` Neon Womb ''
`` Danced ''
`` Race Through Space ''
`` Bird in Flight ''
`` Blue Meanings ''
`` It 's a Mystery ''
`` I Want to be Free ''
`` Jungles of Jupiter ''
`` Obsolete ''
`` Pop Star ''
`` Thunder in the Mountains ''
`` Good Morning Universe ''
`` Run Wild , Run Free ''
`` Brave New World ''
`` Angel & Me ''
`` Ieya 1982 ''
`` Be Proud , Be Loud , Be Heard ''
`` Rebel Run ''
`` The Vow ''
CD2
`` Do n't Fall in Love ( I Said ) ''
`` Should Passing Through Soul ''
`` World in Action ''
`` Echo Beach ''
`` Moonlight Dancing ''
`` Sun Up ''
`` Revive the World ''
`` Prostitute ''
`` Wife ''
`` Homeward ''
`` Brilliant Day ''
`` Ophelia 's Shadow ''
`` Angel ( Demo ) Previously Unreleased ''
`` Now I 'm Running ( Remix ) Previously Unreleased ''
`` Invisible Love ''
`` God Ceases to Dream ''
`` Symbiotic ( Trey Gunn & Toyah ) ''
`` Little Tears of Love ''
`` Velvet Lined Shell ''
References
2007 compilation albums
Toyah Willcox albums
Business game ( also called business simulation game ) refers to simulation games that are used as an educational tool for teaching business . Business games may be carried out for various business training such as : general management , finance , organizational behavior , human resources , etc . Often , the term `` business simulation '' is used with the same meaning .
A business game is defined as `` a game with a business environment that can lead to one or both of the following results : the training of players in business skills ( hard and/or soft ) , or the evaluation of players ' performances ( quantitatively and/or qualitatively ) '' .
Business games are used as a teaching method in universities , and more particularly in business schools , but also for executive education .
Simulation are considered to be an innovative learning method , and are often computer-based .
History
Computer-supported business simulation originated from military war games , and came into existence during the late 1950 's . Business simulation games , including non-computer-based board games and experiential activities , have since been used as a learning tool for teaching management . It is regularly in use at universities , and in particularly by major business schools . As an example , the University of Washington has been using business simulation game in classes since 1957 .
The INTOP tool was developed at the University of Chicago in 1963 , and was employed for teaching in 160 institutions worldwide from 1963 until 2005 . Its successor INTOPIA was first released in 1995 , and it has been used by universities in over 55 countries around the world , including 18 in the U.S .
Business games are also used within companies for management training and development .
See also
Beer distribution game
Friday Night at the ER
Military simulation
Project management simulation
Roleplay simulation
Serious game
Simulations and games in economics education
Training simulation
References
Learning methods
Management education
Simulation games
The Order of Merit of North Rhine-Westphalia ( ) is a civil order of merit , of the German State of North Rhine-Westphalia . The Order of Merit of North Rhine-Westphalia was founded on 11 March 1986 . It is awarded to citizens representing all segments of the population who have made extraordinary contributions to the people and state of North Rhine-Westphalia . The order is limited to 2500 living recipients . From its founding through January 2010 , a total of 1,559 people have been awarded the Order of Merit of North Rhine-Westphalia .
References
External links
Administrative provisions to the Law on the Order of Merit of North Rhine-Westphalia
Verdienstorden des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen
North Rhine-Westphalia
North Rhine-Westphalia
Culture of North Rhine-Westphalia
or ( `` book of Druimm Snechta '' ; , ) is a now lost early Irish manuscript. , thought to have been written in the 8th century AD .
Name
Old Irish cín , derived from the Latin quinio `` five '' , was a small book made of five folded vellum leaves ; lebor , modern Irish leabhar , is the standard word for a book . It is `` named from the place of its origin or preservation , namely Druim ( m ) Snechta ( Drumsnat , County Monaghan ) , where a monastery had been founded in the sixth century . '' The majority consensus of scholars is that the original manuscript was compiled at Bangor Abbey , County Down , the mother house of Druim Snechta monastery . A copy may then have been sent to each of the daughter houses or a scribe from Druim Snechta may have copied it at Bangor .
Scholarship
Geoffrey Keating was aware of the book , although he does not seem to have had access to it himself in compiling his Foras Feasa ar Éirinn , and believed it dated to before the arrival of Saint Patrick . The 19th-century scholar Eugene O'Curry found a marginal note in the Book of Leinster , partly illegible , which said that the Cín was compiled by a son of Dauí , king of Connacht . O'Curry favoured Ernín , son of Dauí Galach , a nephew of Niall of the Nine Hostages and a contemporary of Patrick , but allowed that it may have been a son of Dauí Tenga Uma , a king of Connacht who died at the end of the fifth century ( Francis J. Byrne believes the two kings were in fact the same person ) .
Rudolf Thurneysen , who made a convincing reconstruction of its contents in 1912-13 , proposed a date in the early 8th century for the writing of the book . Other scholars have proposed dates in the 9th or 10th century , although these are disputed . It is cited as a source by many of the most important early Irish manuscripts , including Lebor na hUidre , the Book of Leinster , the Book of Ballymote , the Great Book of Lecan , and the MS Egerton 88 .
Texts believed to originate from the Cín Dromma Snechtai are notable for their archaic language , and include :
Compert Con Culainn ( `` the conception of Cúchulainn '' )
Compert Mongán ( `` the conception of Mongán '' )
Immran Brain ( `` the voyage of Bran '' )
Echtra Condla ( `` the adventure of Conla '' )
A version or précis of Togail Bruidne Dá Derga ( `` the destruction of Dá Derga 's hostel '' )
A version of Tochmarc Étaíne ( `` the wooing of Étaín '' )
Verba Scáthaige fri Coin Culaind ( `` The Words of Scáthach to Cúchulainn '' )
Forfes Fer Fálchae ( `` the siege of the men of Fálchae '' )
An early version of Lebor Gabála Érenn ( `` Book of Invasions of Ireland '' )
References
8th-century manuscripts
Early Irish literature
Irish texts
Irish-language literature
Irish books
Vitănești ( Purani until 1996 ) is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Purani , Schitu Poienari , Siliștea and Vitănești .
The commune is crossed by the 44th parallel north .
Notable residents include the philosopher and writer Constantin Noica ( 1909–1987 ) .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Mexopolis ( also known as Mexopolis Animation Studio ) is an American-Mexican production company founded in 2001 by Jorge R. Gutierrez and Sandra Equihua . It produced the television series El Tigre : The Adventures of Manny Rivera , the film The Book of Life and most recently the limited series Maya and the Three . The company is currently located in Studio City , California .
Works
2002 : El Tigre : Manny Rivera ( pilot )
2004 : Pepe the Bull ( Cancelled )
2005–2008 : El Tigre : The Adventures of Manny Rivera
2010 : Carmen Got Expelled ( Cancelled )
2010–2013 : Mad ( Various skits )
2012 : Super Macho Fighter ( Cancelled )
2020 : We the People / Immigration ( music video )
2021 : Maya and the Three
TBA : I , Chihuahua
References
External links
Mexopolis.com
Television production companies of the United States
American animation studios
La Chèvre ( English title : Knock on Wood , literal translation : The She-goat ) is a 1981 French buddy cop comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber , starring Pierre Richard and Gérard Depardieu . It is the first of three films featuring Richard and Depardieu as a comic duo .
An American remake of this film was made in 1991 , starring Martin Short and Danny Glover , entitled Pure Luck .
Plot
La Chèvre features Depardieu as the tough-guy private detective Campana , hired to find Marie , the daughter of a rich businessman , who has mysteriously disappeared while vacationing in Mexico . The case turns out to be complicated – several attempts to find her have already failed . A psychologist , Meyer , who works for the businessman , suggests a plan . Marie is known to be extremely unlucky and accident-prone ; the psychologist advises sending someone equally accident-prone to find her , on the theory that what happened to her may also happen to him , and thus , following her steps while the detective tags along , the daughter can be found and returned home . Richard 's character Perrin is an awkward , accident-prone accountant who works for the businessman , and is chosen to implement the scheme . The adventures of those serious detective and unlucky guy begins ...
Cast
Pierre Richard as François Perrin
Gérard Depardieu as Campana
Pedro Armendáriz Jr. as The Captain
Corynne Charbit as Marie Bens
Maritza Olivares
André Valardy as Meyer
as Arbal
Sergio Calderón as Prisoner
Michel Robin as Alexandre Bens
Robert Dalban as The technician
Release history and facts
The movie is sadly infamous in Italy for an Cinema Statuto fire in a cinema in Turin in which it was projected , killing 64 people .
Reception
The film received favorable reviews , with praise for Richard and Depardieu 's performances , story and humour .
The film was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film of 1985 by the U.S. National Board of Review of Motion Pictures .
References
La Chevre/Knock On Wood at Films de France site .
External links
Trailer
1981 films
1980s adventure comedy films
French comedy road movies
1980s comedy road movies
Mexican films
1980s French-language films
Films directed by Francis Veber
Films scored by Vladimir Cosma
French adventure comedy films
1980s buddy comedy films
1981 comedy films
Films about accountants
1980s French films
Leonard Ernest Gerald Hemming ( 30 September 1916 – 10 July 2010 ) was an English cricketer . Hemming was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break . He was born at Enfield Town , Middlesex .
Early in his life he emigrated to Australia with his parents , before returning to England in the mid–1930s . Hemming made his debut for Oxfordshire against Berkshire in the 1946 Minor Counties Championship . He played minor counties cricket for Oxfordshire from 1946 to 1954 , making 42 appearances , the last of which came against Cornwall in the 1954 Minor Counties Championship . Playing minor counties cricket for Oxfordshire allowed Hemming to represent the combined Minor Counties cricket team , who he made a single first-class appearance for against Kent in 1951 at the St Lawrence Ground , Canterbury . Kent batted first and made 365/8 declared , with Hemming taking the wicket of Brian Edrich , to finish with figures of 1/60 from 23 overs . The Minor Counties responded in their first-innings by making 169 all out , with Hemming being dismissed by Ted Witherden for 14 runs . Forced to follow-on in their second-innings , where they were dismissed for 186 , with Hemming himself 14 runs before he was dismissed by Edrich .
Outside of cricket , he worked as a sales manager for Witney blanket factory Early 's . He was awarded the Queen 's Silver Jubilee Medal in 1977 . He died at the Sobell House Hospice in Oxford , Oxfordshire , on 10 July 2010 .
References
External links
1916 births
2010 deaths
People from Enfield , London
English cricketers
Oxfordshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
The Minna Shopping Center ( ) is a shopping mall in the city center of Kuopio , Finland . It is located in the Multimäki district along the Haapaniemenkatu and Minna Canthin katu streets . The shopping mall is named after local author Minna Canth . Its neighbors include H-Talo and IsoCee .
The house was originally built by the Kuopio Merchants and Entrepreneurs Association ( Kuopion kauppiaat ja yrittäjät ry ) and was completed after long phases in 1988 . The shopping center , originally built as a department store , used the name Savon City , but after the bankruptcy in the early 1990s and the change of ownership . Today , the shopping center is owned by Keva , the public sector pension financial institution , like the adjacent IsoCee .
References
External links
Minna Shopping Center - Official Site ( in Finnish )
Kauppakeskus Minna - Discovering Finland ( in Finnish )
Buildings and structures in Kuopio
Shopping centres in Finland
Shopping malls established in 1988
Sebastiano Ghislieri ( died 2 October 1627 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Strongoli ( 1601–1627 ) .
Biography
On 30 April 1601 , Sebastiano Ghislieri was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Bishop of Strongoli .
On 13 May 1601 , he was consecrated bishop by Camillo Borghese , Cardinal-Priest of Santi Giovanni e Paolo , with Alfonso Pisani , Archbishop of Santa Severina , and Guglielmo Bastoni , Bishop of Pavia , serving as co-consecrators .
He served as Bishop of Strongoli until his death on 2 October 1627 .
While bishop , he was the principal co-consecrator of Pirro Imperoli , Bishop of Jesi ( 1604 ) .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
1627 deaths
Puguang Temple ( ) , may refer to :
Puguang Temple ( Zhangjiajie ) , in Zhangjiajie , Hunan , China
Puguang Temple ( Xingtai ) , in Xingtai , Hebei , China
Puguang Temple ( Xiamen ) , in Xiamen , Fujian , China
Uniform Office Format ( UOF ; Chinese 标文通 , literally `` standard text general '' ) , sometimes known as Unified Office Format , is an open standard for office applications developed in China . It includes word processing , presentation , and spreadsheet modules , and is made up of GUI , API , and format specifications . The document format described uses XML contained in a compressed file container , similar to OpenDocument and Office Open XML .
The working group that produced the standard was founded in January 2002 , and the first draft of the specification was produced in December 2005 .
Application support
Office suites
A number of applications list support for the Uniform Office Format ; listed alphabetically they include :
EIOffice 2009 is said to be based on UOF . It uses binder files with file extension EIO ( .eio ) . In the latest version 5.0.1272.101 it does n't open or save files with extensions .uof , .uot , .uos or .uop . The documentation of EIOffice states it is possible to publish documents in `` Unit Office Format ( XML ) ''
OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice from version 3 can open and save files in `` Unified Office Format '' with file extensions .uof , .uot , .uos , .uop ( text , spreadsheet , presentation ) ( This also applies to version 3 of NeoOffice , a popular variant of OpenOffice for the Macintosh . ) .
RedOffice 4.0 , a Chinese OpenOffice.org variant , can open and save files with file extension .uof .
WPS Office claims read and write support of UOF since 2009 , including UOF 2.0 .
Filters and converters
ODF to UOF
Software is available to convert from ODF to UOF and the other way round . The software was developed between November 2005 and October 2006 by the Open Standard Lab of Peking University .
OOXML to UOF
Software is being developed at ACT ( The Institute of Advanced Computing Technology ) at Beihang University to convert from OOXML to UOF and vice versa .
Possibility of merging UOF and ODF
At the `` World Trade Organization IPRs Issues in Standardization '' conference in Beijing ( April 2007 ) , convened by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , the China State Intellectual Property Office ( SIPO ) and Sun Microsystems , Scott McNealy , the Chairman of Sun Microsystems called for a merger of OASIS/ISO 's ODF and China 's UOF .
While both formats are open , there are significant technical challenges in achieving a merger , as the two formats have made different fundamental choices in how to describe documents .
A comparison document between ODF and UOF is available from the ODF-UOF project on SourceForge .
UOF 2.0
UOF 2.0 was released in 2011 , with support from WPS Office .
References
External links
GB/T 20916-2007 中文办公软件文档格式规范 ( GB / T 20916-2007 Chinese office file format specification ) updated 1 September 2009 ( Simplified Chinese )
.
.
.
Markup languages
Document-centric XML-based standards
Computer file formats
Standards of the People 's Republic of China
Bu Sidra ( ; also spelled Abu Sidra ) is a district in Qatar , located in the municipality of Al Rayyan .
In the 2015 census , it was listed as a district of zone no . 55 which has a population of 283,675 and also includes New Fereej Al Ghanim , Al Aziziya , Al Waab , Fereej Al Soudan , Muaither , Al Mearad , Fereej Al Manaseer , Fereej Al Murra and Al Sailiya .
Fereej Al Manaseer is located to the immediate east .
Etymology
The first part of the district 's name , `` abu '' , translates to `` father '' and is used as a prefix for geographical features . `` Sidra '' is a reference to the sidr tree ( Ziziphus nummularia ) which grows abundantly in the area .
Infrastructure
Ashghal ( The Public Works Authority ) launched a QR 2.6 million project to construct a religious complex in Bu Sidra in November 2013 . Maha Al Khaleej for Contracting Co. was selected as the contractor . As part of the project , a 200 worshipper capacity mosque , an imam 's house and an ablution block were constructed .
Education
The following schools are located in Bu Sidra :
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Dave Holliday ( 11 February 1904 – 15 December 1995 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Notes
External links
1904 births
1995 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
North Melbourne Football Club players
The term physical constant expresses the notion of a physical quantity subject to experimental measurement which is independent of the time or location of the experiment . The constancy ( immutability ) of any `` physical constant '' is thus subject to experimental verification .
Paul Dirac in 1937 speculated that physical constants such as the gravitational constant or the fine-structure constant might be subject to change over time in proportion of the age of the universe .
Experiments conducted since then have put upper bounds on their time-dependence . This concerns the fine-structure constant , the gravitational constant and the proton-to-electron mass ratio specifically , for all of which there are ongoing efforts to improve tests on their time-dependence .
The immutability of these fundamental constants is an important cornerstone of the laws of physics as currently known ; the postulate of the time-independence of physical laws is tied to that of the conservation of energy ( Noether theorem ) , so that the discovery of any variation would imply the discovery of a previously unknown law of force .
In a more philosophical context , the conclusion that these quantities are constant raises the question of why they have the specific value they do in what appears to be a `` fine-tuned universe '' , while their being variable would mean that their known values are merely an accident of the current time at which we happen to measure them .
Dimensionality
It is problematic to discuss the proposed rate of change ( or lack thereof ) of a single dimensional physical constant in isolation . The reason for this is that the choice of a system of units may arbitrarily select any physical constant as its basis , making the question of which constant is undergoing change an artefact of the choice of units .
For example , in SI units , the speed of light has been given a defined value in 1983 . Thus , it was meaningful to experimentally measure the speed of light in SI units prior to 1983 , but it is not so now .
Tests on the immutability of physical constants look at dimensionless quantities , i.e . ratios between quantities of like dimensions , in order to escape this problem . Changes in physical constants are not meaningful if they result in an observationally indistinguishable universe . For example , a `` change '' in the speed of light c would be meaningless if accompanied by a corresponding `` change '' in the elementary charge e so that the ratio e2 : c ( the fine-structure constant ) remained unchanged .
Natural units are systems of units entirely based in fundamental constants . In such systems , it is meaningful to measure any specific quantity which is not used in the definition of units . For example , in Stoney units , the elementary charge is set to while the reduced Planck constant is subject to measurement , , and in Planck units , the reduced Planck constant is set to , while the elementary charge is subject to measurement , . The 2019 redefinition of SI base units expresses all SI base units in terms of fundamental physical constants , effectively transforming the SI system into a system of natural units .
Fine-structure constant
In 1999 , evidence for time variability of the fine-structure constant based on observation of quasars was announced but a much more precise study based on CH molecules did not find any variation . An upper bound of 10−17 per year for the time variation , based on laboratory measurements , was published in 2008 . Observations of a quasar of the universe at only 0.8 billion years old with AI analysis method employed on the Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) found a spatial variation preferred over a no-variation model at the level .
The time-variation of fine-structure constant is equivalent to the time-variation of one or more of : speed of light , Planck constant , vacuum permittivity , and elementary charge , since .
Speed of light
Gravitational constant
The gravitational constant is difficult to measure with precision , and conflicting measurements in the 2000s have inspired the controversial suggestions of a periodic variation of its value in a 2015 paper . However , while its value is not known to great precision , the possibility of observing type Ia supernovae which happened in the universe 's remote past , paired with the assumption that the physics involved in these events is universal , allows for an upper bound of less than 10−10 per year for over the last nine billion years . The quantity is simply the change in time of the gravitational constant , denoted by , divided by .
As a dimensional quantity , the value of the gravitational constant and its possible variation will depend on the choice of units ; in Planck units , for example , its value is fixed at by definition . A meaningful test on the time-variation of G would require comparison with a non-gravitational force to obtain a dimensionless quantity , e.g . through the ratio of the gravitational force to the electrostatic force between two electrons , which in turn is related to the dimensionless fine-structure constant .
Proton-to-electron mass ratio
An upper bound of the change in the proton-to-electron mass ratio
has been placed at 10−7 over a period of 7 billion years ( or 10−16 per year ) in a 2012 study based on the observation of methanol in a distant galaxy .
Cosmological constant
The cosmological constant is a measure of the energy density of the vacuum . It was first measured , and found to have a positive value , in the 1990s . It is currently ( as of 2015 ) estimated at 10−122 in Planck units . Possible variations of the cosmological constant over time or space are not amenable to observation , but it has been noted that , in Planck units , its measured value is suggestively close to the reciprocal of the age of the universe squared , Λ ≈ T−2 . Barrow and Shaw proposed a modified theory in which Λ is a field evolving in such a way that its value remains Λ ~ T−2 throughout the history of the universe .
See also
Dirac large numbers hypothesis
References
Dara Faroughy , `` Slowly evolving early universe and a phenomenological model for time-dependent fundamental constants and the leptonic masses '' ( 2008 ) , arXiv:0801.1935 .
Jean-Philippe Uzan , `` Varying Constants , Gravitation and Cosmology '' , Living Rev . Relativ. , 14.2 ( 2011 ) .
Physical constants
Fundamental constants
Time in physics
Al-Karāmah ( ) was a proposed planned city to be built on the border of the emirates of Abu Dhabi and Dubai . It was intended to be the permanent capital of the United Arab Emirates as stated in the Constitution of 1971 . The proposed city was never built , and Abu Dhabi became the official capital of the UAE in 1996 .
History
In 1968 , the United Kingdom announced that it would end its protectorate over the Trucial States ( the predecessors of the UAE ) , leading the rulers of the States to propose a `` Federation of Arab Emirates '' together with nearby Bahrain and Qatar , to be led by a Supreme Council composed of their nine rulers . Negotiations were dogged by security concerns as well as issues of representation .
On October 21 , 1969 , the sixth and final meeting of the Supreme Council agreed that Abu Dhabi , the largest ( in land area ) and wealthiest of the nine , should temporarily host the capital of the new countries , with a new capital to be built between Abu Dhabi and Dubai . However , this agreement was never ratified after the meeting broke up following a clumsy British intervention . Bahrain and Qatar eventually withdrew from the proposed federation .
On July 10 , 1971 , the Trucial States announced the formation of the United Arab Emirates , and the capital issue resurfaced . The five small emirates counter-proposed building a new capital on the border of Dubai and Sharjah , arguing that the development funds would be better used to the benefit of the oil-poor Northern emirates but this was rejected by Dubai and Abu Dhabi . Eventually , the previous compromise was agreed upon , and Article 9 of the final constitution stated :
The Constitution came into effect on December 2 , 1971 , with Abu Dhabi as the provisional capital , with a five year term . A quarter-century after the initial constitution , the Supreme Council of the UAE passed Constitutional Amendment Nr . 1 of May 1996 , which specified that `` Abu Dhabi City is the Capital of the Federation . '' and thus finally ended any prospect of Karama being constructed as the new capital of the United Arab Emirates .
Legacy
Even in the UAE , few today are aware of the planned capital . However , some references to Al Karama remain in the infrastructure of the United Arab Emirates ; for example , telephone area code 01 ( +971 1 ) remains reserved for the city .
References
Politics of the United Arab Emirates
History of the United Arab Emirates
Planned cities in the United Arab Emirates
Emirate of Abu Dhabi
Emirate of Dubai
Strikeforce : Revenge was the second mixed martial arts event promoted by Strikeforce . The event took place at the HP Pavilion at San Jose in San Jose , California on June 9 , 2006 . The main event featured the North American debut of Alistair Overeem .
Results
See also
Strikeforce
List of Strikeforce champions
List of Strikeforce events
2006 in Strikeforce
References
External links
Strikeforce Official website
Revenge
2006 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in San Jose , California
2006 in sports in California
The first generation iPod Touch , colloquially known as the iPod Touch 1G , iPod Touch 1 , or iPod 1 ) is a multi-touch mobile device designed and marketed by Apple Inc. with a touchscreen-based user interface . The successor to the 1st-generation iPod Touch , it was unveiled and released at Apple 's media event on September 5 , 2007 . It is compatible with up to iPhone OS 3.1.3. which was released on February 2 , 2010 .
History
The first-generation iPod touch was released after the original iPhone as a companion device . It had similar features , but a thinner design with an all-metal back except for a small corner cut out for WiFi 802.11 b/g , allowing it to use Safari to browse websites . It used the same 30-pin connector as the iPhone ( 1st generation ) and previous iPods , allowing most iPod accessories to work with the iPod touch .
Features
Software
It fully supports iPhone OS 1 to iPhone OS 3 , though it received different features at different times from the iPhone ( 1st generation ) . It also did not have the iPod app as it was an iPod , and instead had the Music app for playing music and podcasts , with a separate Videos app to watch videos . It also received the iTunes Store app before the iPhone did - the iPod touch received the iTunes Store app on launch with iPhone OS 1.1 on September 14 , 2007 , while the iPhone ( 1st generation ) received the iTunes Store app on September 27 , 2007 with the release of iPhone OS 1.1.1 . It also had Calendar , Clock , Calculator , and Photos apps preinstalled .
References
iPod
The Mariavite Church is today one of two independent Christian churches collectively known as Mariavites who first emerged from the religious inspiration of Polish noblewoman and nun , Feliksa Kozłowska ( 1862-1921 ) in the late 19th-century . Initially , it was a renewal movement seeking reform in Polish Catholicism . The movement was an attempt to replicate the simplicity of the life of Mary , in Latin , , ( `` Let them imitate the Life of Mary '' ) , thus vita Mariae , the Life of Mary , gave the movement its name .
History
After a growing conflict with Polish Catholic bishops , the movement was eventually reported to the Vatican as an attack on the ecclesiastical status quo and became the object of two Papal bulls that resulted in the wholesale excommunication of both clergy and lay adherents of the movement . In the face of excommunication from the Catholic Church , the leaders of the movement sought refuge with the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands which , after negotiations was welcoming and granted both recognition and Apostolic succession , which gave it the power to confer holy orders . The `` Mariavite Church '' therefore became considered as a separate and independent religious denomination in Poland .
Throughout its early tribulations with the Rome authorities , it was led by Jan Maria Michał Kowalski until 1935 , when he was `` deposed '' as bishop , and a schism occurred . The church split in two , mainly around the issues of married clergy , the ordination of women and Kowalski 's personal stance on sexual behaviour . Henceforth the `` Kowalski parishes '' formed the Catholic Mariavite Church , and were relegated to the small estate of Felicjanów , named in honour of the foundress . The dissident majority became known as the Old Catholic Church of the Mariavites , which , after 1935 , was led by bishop and remained based in the city of Płock . To this day , by reason of the number of worshippers and parishes , they are the larger of the two churches . After 1935 , the leadership of the smaller church grouping , the Catholic Mariavite Church , remained loyal to bishop Kowalski , and later to his widow , bishop Maria Izabela Wiłucka-Kowalska .
The Old Catholic Mariavite Church is a member of the Polish Ecumenical Council , and also of the World Council of Churches . It is not currently a member of the Old Catholic Union of Utrecht . Since 2015 , is the primate bishop of the Old Catholic Mariavite Church . By contrast , the Catholic Mariavite Church currently stands away from the ecumenical movement .
Name changes
The name of the church was Old Catholic Mariavite Church ( ) from 1910 to 1967 , and onward .
History
Polish Roman Catholic Church under Russian rule
From 1795 the territory of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth had been partitioned between the three neighbouring powers , the Austrian Empire , the Kingdom of Prussia and the Russian Empire . Under the Russian Empire , where the Russian Orthodox Church was the established church , Polish Catholic religious organizations became illegal . The situation of the Catholic Church was worst in the Russian Partition .
After the 1863 January Uprising , the tsarist authorities forbade the establishment of any new Polish organisations . Religious orders were often banned or exiled . Catholic clergy in the Russian Partition could not be locally educated , in contrast to the priests in the Austrian and Prussian Partitions . The only authorized Roman Catholic theological training in the Russian Empire was at the Saint Petersburg Roman Catholic Theological Academy . Catholic priests were often criticized for their inappropriate personal behaviour and exploitation of the peasantry . The Mariavite movement emerged out of this complex situation .
Kozłowska 's revelations
In 1893 Kozłowska had her first religious vision . In it she understood she was to found a new religious movement expressing `` Mariavitism '' . More visions followed until 1918 . Their content was gathered in a volume entitled Dzieło Wielkiego Miłosierdzia ( The Work of Great Mercy ) in 1922 .
Excommunication
A final decision was made in September 1904 .
In April 1906 , Pius X promulgated the encyclical . In December 1906 , the Catholic Church excommunicated Kozłowska , Kowalski .
Mariavite Church , 1906–1921
In 1914 the Mariavites finished their main church in Płock , the Sanctuary of Mercy and Charity .
Archbishop Kowalski ( 1921–1935 )
The Mariavites ' homepage summarizes Kowalski 's reforms and innovations :
1922–1924 - Marriage available for priests
1922 : Communion under the two species
1929 : the Ordination of women , introduced in the Catholic Mariavite Church ( with possibility of marriage )
1929–1935 Ordination of women , abolished in Old Catholic Mariavite Church ( one reason for the schism in the church )
1930 : Priesthood of the people of God similar to Protestant concept
1930 : Eucharist for new-born baptized infants
1930 : Removal of ecclesiastical titles
1930 : Suppression of prerogatives of the clergy
1931–1933 : Simplification of liturgical ceremonies
1931–1933 : Simplification of the Lenten sacrifice
? : Reduction of the Eucharistic fast
Kowalski 's innovations disrupted the connection with the Old Catholics .
The church struggled during the Second Polish Republic . Mariavites were discriminated against to the extent of `` Mariavite pogroms '' . The leaders of the Mariavite Church were often sued in court . Kowalski appeared in 20 cases . He was accused of blasphemies .
After the 1935 schism
The Kowalski loyalists moved from Płock to Felicjanów . The village is the headquarters of the Catholic Church of the Mariavites , which has about 3,000 members . The denomination confirmed all the decisions of Kowalski and introduced a public cult of Kozłowska , the Mateczka , the Spouse of Christ and new Redemptrix of the world . The church is insular and does not participate in the ecumenical movement . Kowalski died in Dachau concentration camp during World War II . His successor was his wife , Bishop Maria Izabela Wiłucka-Kowalska . From 1946 to 2005 , the head of the church was Bishop . He was succeeded in 2005 by Bishop .
Feldman led the opposition to Kowalski and attracted the majority of Mariavite adherents . They decided to reverse most of the innovations introduced by Kowalski . They returned to Kozłowska 's ideas and rules . The Old Catholic Mariavite Church is much the larger : it had about 23,500 members in Poland .
Structure of the Mariavite churches
Old Catholic Mariavite Church
Leaders :
1906–1935 : Jan Maria Michał Kowalski
1935–1945 : Maria Filip Feldman
1945–1953 :
1953–1955 :
1955–1965 :
1965–1972 :
1972–1997 :
1997–2007 :
2007–2015 :
2015–present :
Administration :
organized into three dioceses in Poland with 38 parishes and one province in France with 2 parishes :
with cathedral in Płock
with cathedral in Cegłów
with cathedral in Łódź
( ) with cathedral in Paris
Order of the Mariavites in Germany
The Order of the Mariavites in Germany ( ) is an type association in Germany . Even in 1949 , this association was not legally recognized as a sect by Germany . This association is not recognized by either the contemporary Old Catholic Mariavite Church or the Catholic Mariavite Church .
Apostolic succession :
Kowalski consecrated on 4 September 1938 in Felicjanow , Poland
Fatôme consecrated on 9 October 1949 in Mannheim , Germany
Maas consecrated on 31 October 1987 in Cologne , Germany
Apostolic succession
Kowalski was consecrated in St. Gertrude 's Cathedral , Utrecht , on 5 October 1909 , by Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands ( OKKN ) Archbishop Gerardus Gul of Utrecht , assisted by two OKKN bishops , J. J. van Thiel of Haarlem and N. B. P. Spit of Deventer , one Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany bishop , J. Demmel of Bonn , and Arnold Harris Mathew of London .
Kowalski consecrated : Fatome , Feldman , Gołębiowski , Próchniewiski , Rostoworowski , Siedlecki , and his own wife , Maria Izabela Wiłucka-Kowalska .
Notes
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
The French province of the Old Catholic Mariavite Church
Order of the Mariavites in Germany
Old Catholic Mariavite Parish in Nowa Sobotka and Kadzidlowa
Catholic Encyclopedia , 1911 entry on Poland with a mention of the nascent schism of the Mariavites
Christian organizations established in 1903
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
1903 establishments in Poland
Laurent Morali ( born January 1975 ) is a French-born , US-based real estate developer , president of the privately held and family-owned Kushner Companies since June 2016 , having been head of acquisitions and capital markets .
Early life
Morali was born in Metz , France in January 1975 , and educated at Toulouse Business School ( École Supérieure de Commerce de Toulouse ) , in France , from 1995 to 1998 .
Career
Morali joined Kushner Companies in 2008 , having previously worked for Calyon Securities , a French financial firm .
Personal life
He is married to Liat , and they have three sons . He is the co-founder and lead guitar for the band Local Law .
References
Living people
Toulouse Business School alumni
Businesspeople from New York City
French expatriates in the United States
1975 births
People from Metz
The 2011 NAIA Football National Championship was played on December 17 , 2011 , as the 56th Annual Russell Athletic NAIA Football National Championship .
The championship game was played at Barron Stadium in Rome , Georgia . The game featured the Saint Xavier Cougars , playing in the title match for the first time . Their opponent was the Carroll Fighting Saints , the defending national champion who was appearing in the title game for the 8th time in the past 10 years . Carroll was attempting to win a record-tying 7th national title . In a tightly played contest , Saint Xavier prevailed , 24–20 .
A total of sixteen teams participated in a single-elimination tournament from across the country . Placement in the tournament was based on the final edition of the NAIA Coaches ' Poll with the exception of # 16 William Penn and # 17 Northwestern ( IA ) being passed over for # 18 Grand View , who qualified by winning the Mid-States Football Association Division Championship .
Two teams represented schools named for `` Saint Francis '' —one team from St. Francis ( IL ) and the other from Saint Francis ( IN ) .
Tournament bracket
* denotes OT .
Game details
First Round
# 18 Grand View vs # 1 Marian
Top-ranked Marian defeated Grand View 31–0 . Marian scored 10 points in the first quarter and kept their opponent from scoring any points on their way to the shutout . Marian put down 392 yards of total offense and held Grand View to a mere 41 .
# 11 St. Francis ( IL ) vs # 6 Morningside
St. Francis ( IL ) defeated Morningside 21–17 in the first round .
# 14 Southern Nazarene vs. # 4 MidAmerica Nazarene
MidAmerica Nazarene and Southern Nazarene began their national title hopes in the first round on November 19 , 2011 . Both teams met previously this season during week 7 on October 15 . MidAmerica has a 5–8 record in postseason play and Southern Nazarene is in their first postseason game .
MidAmerica Nazarene and Southern Nazarene began their national title hopes in the first round on November 19 , 2011 . MidAmerica Nazarene took the lead in the first quarter when Sean Ransburg managed a 33-yard run for a touchdown and held the lead for the remainder of the game , including Kyle Cobb 's 50 yard interception for a touchdown in the second quarter .
Southern Nazarene managed several scores along the way , including Jarod Martin catching a 64-yard pass from Brady Wardlaw for a touchdown .
# 13 Bethel ( TN ) vs # 5 Saint Xavier
Saint Xavier defeated Bethel ( TN ) 51–13 in the first round . Saint Xavier scored the most points of any team in a single game for the sixteen-team playoff . Saint Xavier took the lead in the first quarter and held it for the entire game , aided by 21 points total in the first quarter alone . Saint Xavier scored a total of seven touchdowns and held Bethel to two , with the final score 51–13 .
# 12 Valley City State vs # 2 Carroll ( MT )
Carroll defeated Valley City State 47–0 . This was the largest margin of victory for the playoff .
# 10 Ottawa vs. # 8 Azusa Pacific
Ottawa University ( from the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference ) completed the regular season ranked # 10 and was invited to play # 8 Azusa Pacific . Azusa Pacific won in the first round by a score of 49–26 . Ottawa managed to gain 359 yards of total offense but gave up 587 yards to the Cougars . Ottawa made most of their yards passing , but gave up four interceptions in the process .
# 15 Benedictine vs. # 3 Georgetown ( KY )
Benedictine started quick when Nick Rudolph ran a 22-yard interception for a touchdown and the first score of the game after only 21 seconds had expired . His touchdown and Zach Keenan 's extra point were the only scores for Benedictine while Georgetown managed three touchdowns .
After accumulating 366 yards of total offense and holding Benedictine to 278 , Georgetown won the game—final score : 7–21 .
# 9 Saint Francis ( IN ) vs. # 7 Missouri Valley
Missouri Valley entered the first round with a record of 9–1 and as the champions of the Heart of America Athletic Conference . Saint Francis came with a record of 8–2 and has won eight-straight First Round games in previous years .
Saint Francis scored first and last in their first-round game against Missouri Valley , with a total of four touchdowns for the game . It was enough to record a win on the road by a score of 28–14 .
Quarterfinals
# 11 St. Francis ( IL ) vs # 1 Marian
Top-ranked Marian rolled past St. Francis of Illinois , having taken the lead in the first quarter and held it through the entire game . St. Francis was only able to score one touchdown while Marian made seven—aided by an average of 8.7 yards per play .
Marian easily defeated St. Francis 49–7 .
# 5 Saint Xavier vs. # 4 MidAmerica Nazarene
Saint Xavier 's Wes Gastel caught a 9-yard pass from Jimmy Coy for six points in the first quarter to take the lead . His team held that until the fourth quarter when MidAmerica started to mount a comeback as Austin Conyers caught a 65-yard pass from Tyler Herl for a touchdown and MidAmerica took the lead by a score of 13–14 . Less than a minute and a half later , Saint Xavier took the lead back and held it for the remainder of the game .
Saint Xavier posted on 408 yards of total offense and 22 first downs while holding MidAmerica Nazarene to just 281 yards and 12 first downs . Saint Xavier scored 16 points in the final quarter towards the final score of 29–14 .
# 8 Azusa Pacific vs. # 2 Carroll ( MT )
Second-ranked Carroll pulled off the win in a close game against Azusa Pacific . After the first quarter of play , Azusa Pacific held the lead 14–7 . Carroll managed a field goal in the second quarter to bring the score 14–10 , but trailed until Chance Demarais made a 1-yard carry for a touchdown with only 01:51 left in the game .
Carroll won 17–14 and advanced to the semifinal round .
# 9 Saint Francis ( IN ) vs. # 3 Georgetown ( KY )
Saint Francis and head coach Kevin Donley returned to the Kentucky college where his coaching legacy began . In 1991 , Donley led Georgetown to the NAIA Division II national championship . This time , Georgetown emerged with a victory over the visitors . Georgetown entered the 16-team postseason field as one of only two undefeated teams . Saint Francis ended the season , arguably one of the toughest in the 2012 NAIA season . Their 3 losses were to # 1 ( at the time the game was played ) Saint Xavier , # 2 Marian , and # 3 Georgetown . All three opponents were undefeated at the time the Cougars faced them .
Georgetown posted on 351 yards of total offense and 17 first downs while holding Saint Francis to just 239 yards on 15 first downs . The game began as a defensive struggle , with a Georgetown field goal sending them to halftime with a 3–0 lead . Both offenses got going in the second half to produce the final score , 26–14 .
Semifinals
# 3 Georgetown ( KY ) vs. # 2 Carroll ( MT )
With 7:16 on the clock in the first quarter , Carrol 's Anthony Hogan caught a 20-yard pass from Dane Broadhead for the first score of the game . Tom Yaremko 's extra point kick was good and Carroll led 7–0 , and held the lead for the remainder of the game .
Carroll enjoyed a comfortable lead through the entire game , having put up 447 yards of total offense , 27 first downs , and five touchdown . Georgetown managed 241 total yards with 15 first downs , but no touchdowns and a lone field goal to score . Final score of the game : 35–3 .
# 5 Saint Xavier vs. # 1 Marian
Fifth-ranked Saint Xavier upset and eliminated top-ranked Marian in the semifinal round of the NAIA National Championship game .
In many key statistical areas , Marian out-paced Saint Xavier : Total Yards ( 488–327 ) ; first downs ( 20–17 ) ; and yards per play ( 6.5–5.0 ) . But Marian also gave up two interceptions for 28 yards and Saint Xavier managed to score 4 touchdowns and hold Marian to 3 , leading Saint Xavier to a three-point victory : 30–27 and a berth in the national title game .
Championship Game
The 2011 NAIA National Championship Game was played between # 5 Saint Xavier and # 2 Carroll .
First quarter
The game started off with a field goal and touchdown in the first quarter by underdog Saint Xavier . Tom Lynch kicked a good 20-yard field goal and later teammate Jimmy Coy pushed an 8-yard run to the end zone for a touchdown . Tom Lynch kicked the extra point and made the score 10–0 for Saint Xavier .
Second quarter
Carroll took possession after a punt and with 5:17 on the clock in the second quarter , Dane Broadhead completed a 20-yard pass to Matt Ritter for a touchdown , and Tom Yaremko 's extra point kick was good to bring the score within three .
On the ensuing kickoff , Carroll 's Anthony Clarke and Casey Norbeck teamed up to tackle Saint Xavier 's Wes Gastel after a 43-yard return to Carroll 's 49-yard line . Ten plays later , Saint Xavier 's Jimmy Coy threw an 11-yard pass to Shane Zakery for a touchdown , and Lynch 's second extra point of the game put the score to 17–7 .
Five plays later , Carroll scored another touchdown , helped by Dane Broadhead 's back-to-back 25+ yard passes , the second for a touchdown to Anthony Clarke with 39 seconds left in the half . Tom Yaremko 's extra point kick was good and the score at the half ended Saint Xavier 17 , Carroll 14 .
Third quarter
The third quarter started great for Carroll when Jared Mayernik returned the kickoff 64 yards for a touchdown . The extra point attempt was no good , but Carroll held the lead 20–17 for the first time in the game .
In the next possession at 11:45 on the clock , KJ Franklin carried the football 4 yards for a touchdown to take back the lead for Saint Xavier . Tom Lynch 's third successful extra point made the score 24–20 for the final score of the game .
Fourth quarter
Carroll had one last chance to win the game in the fourth quarter . On their final possession , Carroll had four plays from inside the nine-yard line in an attempt to score a touchdown . Four dropped passes later , Saint Xavier took over on downs and ran out the clock for the win .
Both teams scored three touchdowns . Saint Xavier managed 355 yards of total offense with 23 first downs and held Carroll to 286 with 18 first downs . Neither team gave up a fumble or threw an interception .
See also
2011 NAIA football rankings
References
NAIA Football National Championship
Saint Xavier Cougars football
Carroll Fighting Saints football
December 2011 sports events in the United States
2011 in sports in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Semioli is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Franco Semioli ( born 1980 ) , Italian footballer
Mark Semioli ( born 1968 ) , American footballer
Timbuctoo is an unincorporated community in Yuba County , California . It lies northwest of Smartsville , at an elevation of 397 feet ( 121 m ) .
History
Timbuctoo was once the largest town in eastern Yuba County . Situated strategically on the Yuba River near its gold-bearing sandbars , yet perched high enough into the river 's surrounding hills to escape flood risk , the town enjoyed its heyday in the 1850s . Founded by the gold miners working the nearby river placer deposits , the town enjoyed further success with the introduction of hydraulic mining in 1854 . Unlike many of the mining camps that amounted to little more than tent shantytowns , the wealth flowing from Timbuctoo allowed for the construction of permanent buildings of wood and brick . Aside from the usual stores and businesses , the town 's amenities included a Wells Fargo office , saloons , a church , hotels and a theater . The town was founded in 1855 .
A post office opened in 1858 .
Origins of the name
Legend has it that the unusual name was coined by an African American miner who panned in the area . He was said to have been from the region of Timbuktu , in Mali , although it is unclear whether or not the town was named by him or after him . In some versions of the tale , he was either an escaped or freed slave . It 's also possible that it was named for one of two other older towns of the same name in New York and New Jersey by or for Gold Rush immigrants from one of those places .
Decline
Hydraulic mining benefited California in three ways ; it filled the state coffers , lined the pockets of mining corporations and fueled the boom of the mountain mining towns . Downstream , it was another story . Tons of sediment and detritus from the mining operations destroyed farmland and riparian land . It also changed the course of rivers in the Sacramento Valley . Once out of the steep slopes of the hills and mountains , the river water in the valley ran slower , allowing the debris to settle . Silt began to accumulate on the bottom of the Yuba and Feather rivers , making the channels significantly more shallow , which threatened to end the vital riverboat traffic and subsequent trade with Sacramento and San Francisco . Citizens of the downstream towns and cities such as Marysville became alarmed at the increased risk of flooding the shoaling of the rivers presented . Eventually a system of levees would enclose Marysville to combat the new threat , permanently limiting the growth of the city . Besides threatening urban communities , valuable farmland became buried under the mining debris . Farmers began to see more frequent and devastating flood losses , and soon a legal battle erupted to stop hydraulic mining once and for all .
Ruling in favor of the farmers , the United States District Court in San Francisco effectively put an end to hydraulic mining in 1884 . By the time the United States Congress passed an act allowing hydraulic mining to recommence ( albeit only after sediment retention dams were erected ) , it was too late . It was 1893 ; the glory days when a single miner could make his fortune , or at least support himself with pick and pan , were gone . The hydraulic mining companies had seen their flume infrastructure washed away in a severe flood in 1891 , and now were limited in where they could resume . Lacking an economic foundation , the town was abandoned .
The post office closed in 1883 .
Today
Timbuctoo is registered as a California Historical Landmark . While the general area of the `` Timbuctoo Diggings '' is inhabited , today it is considered by many to be a ghost town . The town site is accessed by the much-neglected Timbuctoo Road , which crosses a stream gulch by bridge in two places , one east and one west of town , meandering in a loop back to Highway 20 . The western bridge buckled at the west end in 2008 and was unusable until replaced in 2014 . Just to the east of the western bridge lies the ruins of the town 's last structure : the Stewart Brothers Store/Wells Fargo Office , erected in 1855 . Five miles west of the town on Highway 20 stands a historical marker . According to the 5 Miles Marker , the structure was restored in 1928 . However , the plaque that once adorned the facade of the store/Wells Fargo office stated that it was restored in 1925 . Whatever the case , the building has since been destroyed . Rumors that hordes of gold were still stored within the structure apparently motivated looters to tear down the walls in search of treasure . Now collapsed , its brick and stone remains , topped by rusty pieces of the tin roof , can be seen behind a fence erected to protect it from further vandalism .
The Timbuctoo Cemetery is still in use , and dates back to 1855 . It holds approximately 87 graves , most from the late 1800s and the early 20th century . It is also fenced and gated to ward off vandals .
Timbuctoo was once a minor tourist attraction , enjoying public awareness of its historical significance and widespread enthusiasm for preservation . Despite all of these factors in its favor , Timbuctoo remains today an example of a failed preservation effort .
References
Additional sources
External links
Timbuctoo historical marker
Yubaroots.com : Timbuctoo
Ghost towns in California
Mining communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County , California
California Historical Landmarks
Unincorporated communities in California
Anthem is a nine-minute music video released in 1991 . The film was produced and directed by Marlon T. Riggs . The film displays mixes images of mainstream African-American pride , such as traditional African tribal dances , alongside images representing gay pride , such as ACT UP 's `` Silence=Death '' . The film uses powerful imagery and poetry to explore , celebrate and revolutionize black gay culture .
Synopsis
The film features six black gay artists , five writers reading verses of their poems : Essex Hemphill `` American Wedding '' , Reginald Jackson `` Initiation '' , Steve Langley `` Confection '' , Colin Robinson `` Epiphany '' , `` For CJ '' , `` Horizontal Stripes Are In '' , `` To Sir , c Love '' and `` Unfinished Work '' and Donald Woods `` What Do I Do About You ? `` ; and Blackberri singing `` America the Beautiful '' . It opens with Robinson repeating : `` Parade it proudly like a man ; flaunt it like a man . '' The Pan-African Flag , with black , red , and green stripes , is flashed across the screen throughout the short film . He continues : `` Rearrange syllables , Revolution '' as the words are flashed on the screen in white on time with the hip hop music . The call for revolution occurs as images of an African American dancing , the pink hue triangle used to symbolize ACT UP ( AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power ) , and ACT UP 's slogan `` Silence=Death '' are displayed on the screen .
Robinson 's voice continues repeatedly with the music : `` Pervert the language . '' Then , as two naked African-American males kiss each other , Woods says : `` Every time we kiss '' and Robinson `` Thrust worn , gritty fingers in my mouth . ''
Then images of roses and a holy cross give way to memorial candles . Robinson 's voice says : `` Immunity in this holy procession of dying . '' In response to the memorial candles , the words `` Are you scared ? Are you safe ? '' are displayed in white text . Hemphill 's voice repeat the statement `` In America '' as the American Flag is shown in the background . Jackson 's voice repeats : `` Gender Blender Blur . ''
The image of the ACT UP triangle is shown again , but this time it has the African continent , with the Pan-African horizontal stripes in it . Jackson 's voice says : `` Initiate Me '' . Robinson 's badly painted lips voice the words on the screen : `` Griots shaping language into power , food and substitute for sex , into tools like weapons of survival , rage and passion , with the clarity of spit .
The film concludes as Essex Hemphill reappears reading `` American Wedding '' in front of a background of an American Flag . as Blackberri sings . As the flag in the background fades , a voice says : `` I too sing America . ''
Analysis
By the time Marlon T. Riggs produced Anthem he had been diagnosed with AIDS . ( Riggs died after fighting AIDS for many years in 1994 . ) The film uses the ACT UP triangle and slogan `` Silence=Death '' . The film seeks solidarity with AIDS victims and draws attention to the pain they are going through . The film shows memorial candles and describes the AIDS epidemic as a `` holy procession of dying '' . The film reaches out to victims by saying : `` Are you scared ? Are you safe ? '' Marlon T. Riggs uses a lot of AIDS imagery because he was suffering from AIDS , an issue very real in his life .
Marlon T. Riggs uses a holy cross and red rose for imagery in Anthem . Riggs has been critical of the black church 's policy of essentially `` Do n't ask , Do n't tell '' toward homosexual men and women .
By placing the African continent inside the ACT UP triangle , Marlon Riggs is appealing to Black nationalist movements to include , not exclude , black heterosexuals . Marlon Riggs has criticized the Black power movement directly in papers like his essay `` Black Macho Revisted '' . Riggs believes that the Black power movement 's call for unification under a macho culture leaves out both queer and feminine culture . Riggs has said that the caricatures the black community has drawn up around black gays and lesbians can be shown to have a direct cultural lineage from caricatures of blacks as Uncle Tom and the Brute Negro . Anthem responds to the Black macho image with the phrases : `` Parade it proudly like a man '' and `` Flaunt it like a man . '' Marlon T. Riggs is questioning what exactly it means to behave `` like a man '' .
Marlon T. Riggs critiqued the Black Power movement for creating an image of African culture that revolves around the masculine warrior . Marlon T. Riggs wrote that the African Diaspora created a void in the knowledge many blacks have of their heritage . This was filled in by the image of the macho , African warrior . Marlon T. Riggs responds to this view of African culture by displaying images of Africans dancing in traditional garb . Images of the tribal dances are mixed with a gay black man dancing . Thus , Marlon T. Riggs is conveying a message that black gay culture can be a part of African heritage .
The use of drums and hip-hop beats is a tribute to black culture . However , Marlon T. Riggs has critiqued rappers , such as Heavy D , for belittling queer culture . Anthem showcases music that encompasses traditional African rhythm without the Black macho lyrics that are ubiquitous in rap music .
Production team
See also
African-American culture and sexual orientation
References
External links
`` American Wedding ''
1991 films
African-American LGBT-related films
African-American films
American LGBT-related films
Gay-related films
1990s American films
The second of two 1947 Buenos Aires Grand Prix ( official name : I Gran Premio de Eva Duarte Perón , also known as the II Gran Premio Ciudad de Buenos Aires ) was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Retiro street circuit in Buenos Aires on February 15–16 , 1947 . Competitions opened on February 15 with two preliminary rounds of the Mecánica Argentina – Fuerza Limitada and Mecánica Argentina – Fuerza Libre classes for a combined final which determined the qualification for the February 16 , Formula Libre main event .
Classification
References
Buenos Aires Grand Prix ( II )
Buenos Aires Grand Prix ( II )
Buenos Aires Grand Prix
Cultural depictions of Eva Perón
J. Adrian Jackson is a Rear Admiral in the U.S. Navy . He is the Deputy Director for the U.S. Central Command .
He has served as Commander of the Naval Reserve Readiness Command South , and as Vice Commander , Maritime Defense Zone , U.S. Atlantic Fleet .
Education
Bachelor 's degree from Florida State University in 1970 .
References
External links
Official Profile
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Florida State University alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Frans Ceusters is a Flemish television writer .
Mainly a writer for Belgian television , Ceusters is probably best known for his writing of De Kotmadam since 1991 working co-writer Jaak Boon . and with director Ronnie Commissaris . Since 1998 , Ceusters has written the script for Alle maten .
External links
Flemish television writers
Male television writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Belgian male writers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Royal Institute of Art ( ) is an institution in Stockholm , Sweden for higher education in art , founded in 1735 . The school was part of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts , until 1978 when it was made independent . It is under the supervision of the Ministry of Education and Research .
See also
Konstfack
Valand School of Fine Arts
Academy of Fine Arts , Umeå
References
External links
Royal Institute of Art
University colleges in Sweden
Art schools in Sweden
Higher education in Stockholm
Culture in Stockholm
Presicce-Acquarica is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lecce in the Italian region Apulia .
It was established on 15 May 2019 by the merger of the municipalities of Presicce and Acquarica del Capo .
References
Cities and towns in Apulia
Valdis Pultraks ( 1922–1972 ) was a Latvian football goalkeeper , one of the most known Latvian footballers of the early post-World War II era .
At the age of just 14 Pultraks already played for FK Ausma from Auce in the Latvian Cup quarterfinals . Until the mid-1940s in addition to football Pultraks actively participated in athletics events - even in 1947 when he already played for FK Dinamo Rīga he won the bronze medal at the Latvian athletics championship in 100-meter run . His first professional football team was Daugava Liepāja in 1946 from which he moved to Dinamo Rīga and when Dinamo was merged with Daugava Rīga - Pultraks became goalkeeper with the best football club in Latvia . In the Soviet elite league Pultraks had a strong competition for the number one goalkeeper position in Daugava , but he succeeded at that , however when in 1952 Daugava was relegated from the top league , Pultraks left the club .
Pultraks later played with Sarkanais metalurgs Liepāja and he also played for Daugava in its first serious international match against IK Sture from Stockholm .
Valdis Pultraks died at the age of 50 .
1922 births
1972 deaths
Latvian footballers
Daugava Rīga players
Association football goalkeepers
Soviet footballers
Bell County is a county located in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 24,097 . Its county seat is Pineville . The county was formed in 1867 , during the Reconstruction era from parts of Knox and Harlan counties and augmented from Knox County in 1872 . The county is named for Joshua Fry Bell , a US Representative . It was originally called `` Josh Bell '' , but on January 31 , 1873 , the Kentucky legislature shortened the name to `` Bell '' ,
History
Bell County is considered a `` Moist '' county , a classification between dry and wet in terms of alcohol sales . The County changed to moist by a vote in September 2015 , that approved alcohol-by-the-drink sales in Middlesboro , Kentucky . On June 23 , 2020 , Middlesboro voters approved a `` wet '' status by 1,215 to 653 votes . In a standard dry county , all sales of alcoholic beverages are prohibited . Under ABC terminology , a limited county is an otherwise dry county in which at least one city has approved the sale of alcohol by the drink at restaurants that both seat a state-mandated number of diners and derive no more than 30 % of their revenue from alcoholic beverages . In the case of Bell County , Pineville had voted to allow alcohol by the drink in restaurants that seat at least 100 diners . This terminology was used to describe the area until the Middlesboro vote allowed retail sale of alcohol .
The Middlesborough , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Bell County .
The Wilderness Road was constructed in 1775 through what is now Bell County .
Bell County was formed in 1867 , from portions of Harlan and Knox counties . It was named for Joshua Fry Bell , an attorney and member of Congress . The county courthouse has been thrice destroyed . In 1914 and 1918 , it was destroyed by fire and in 1977 nearly destroyed by flooding . The documents stored there were destroyed as well . The flood occurred in April 1977 and although it caused extensive damage , the historical courthouse survived with substantial water damage to the interior .
The community of `` South America '' ( known as Frakes since the 1930s ) in Bell County appears to have been established in the Spanish Era . Spain made land grants in Old Kentucky prior to English settlement . The community of South America links southeast Kentucky to an era of Indian herbal harvest and sales much like the Daniel Boone era in the state .
Bell County has one of the highest ratios of local peace officer deaths of any KY or U.S. county per capita , with 28 deputy sheriffs and 4 county sheriffs 's K-9 having been killed in the county 's history . There has been considerable violence related to the prohibition of alcohol and production of moonshine .
Bell County is the only Kentucky county hosting both a State Park ( Pine Mountain State Resort Park ) and a National Monument ( Cumberland Gap National Historical Park ) .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Clay County ( north )
Leslie County ( northeast )
Harlan County ( east )
Lee County , Virginia ( southeast )
Claiborne County , Tennessee ( south )
Whitley County ( southwest )
Knox County ( northwest )
National protected area
Cumberland Gap National Historical Park ( part )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 30,060 people , 12,004 households , and 8,522 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 13,341 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.02 % White , 2.40 % Black or African American , 0.25 % Native American , 0.35 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.12 % from other races , and 0.83 % from two or more races . 0.65 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 12,004 households , out of which 31.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.00 % were married couples living together , 15.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.00 % were non-families . 26.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95 .
The age distribution was 24.40 % under the age of 18 , 9.00 % from 18 to 24 , 28.70 % from 25 to 44 , 24.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 91.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 19,057 , and the median income for a family was $ 23,818 . Males had a median income of $ 24,521 versus $ 19,975 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 11,526 . About 26.70 % of families and 31.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 42.00 % of those under age 18 and 21.80 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Education
Three public school districts operate in the county :
Bell County School District
The largest of the three in enrollment and by far the largest in geographic scope . The Bell County School District operates six mainstream K–8 `` school centers '' , one alternative school , one high school , and a newly commissioned technology center built to replace the aging vocational center . It is located on the high school campus and the buildings are connected by an elevated , enclosed walkway . The new technology center is also slated to house the County Board of Education pending its move from their office in the city of Pineville building . Lone Jack High School ( in Fourmile ) and the old Bell County High School were consolidated into Bell County High School in the early 1980s .
Middlesboro Independent Schools
The second-largest of the three , with boundaries coinciding exactly with the corporate limits of Middlesboro . The district operates one elementary school , one middle school , and one high school . The two elementary schools are separate facilities that share the same campus design ( both schools are designed in an `` X '' shape ) , and the middle and high schools are separate facilities on one campus on the west side of town . In recent years Middlesboro Independent Schools has leased the `` X '' shaped building formerly used as East End Intermediate to a local church .
Pineville Independent Schools
The county 's smallest district ; its boundaries generally , but do not exactly , follow the corporate limits of Pineville . The district operates Pineville School ; An elementary , middle , and high school .
Communities
Cities
Middlesboro ( also spelled Middlesborough )
Pineville ( county seat )
Census-designated place
Arjay
Other unincorporated communities
Beverly
Black Snake
Blackmont
Colmar
Cubage
Field
Fonde
Fourmile
Frakes
Harbell
Hutch
Ingram
Jaybel
Jenson
Keenox
Kettle Island
Meldrum
Miracle
Mocking Bird Branch
Noetown
Oaks
Olcott
Ponza
Premier
Pruden‡
Red Oak
Rella
Stoney Fork
Stony Fork Junction
Sugar Run
Tejay
Timsley
Tuggleville
Varilla
Wallsend
Wasioto
Notable people
George Samuel Hurst
Lee Majors
Matt Jones ( radio host )
See also
Dry county
Hensley Settlement
Middlesborough , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bell County , Kentucky
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Bell County , Kentucky - USGenWeb
Bell County , Kentucky - Kentucky Atlas & Gazetteer
Bell County , Kentucky Tourism Commission
1867 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1867
Hǎitángwān ( 海棠湾 ) may refer to :
Haitang Bay , in Sanya , Hainan , China
Haitangwan ( town ) , town in Sanya , Hainan , China
The Polish town of Kętrzyn was formerly known as Rastenburg .
Rastenberg is a town in the district of Sömmerda , in Thuringia , Germany . It is situated 22 km east of Sömmerda , and 23 km northeast of Weimar .
History
Within the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , Rastenberg was part of the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach .
References
Sömmerda ( district )
Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
Harbhajan Singh Rissam ( 1951–2013 ) was an Indian interventional cardiologist , philanthropist and writer , known for his medical service and his novel based on medical profession . He was the director of cardiac clinical services at Max Healthcare , Delhi and his maiden novel , The Scalpel - Game Beneath , the first book of a proposed trilogy published in 2010 , is a medical thriller on the medicine mafia . The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri , in 2006 , for his contributions to medical science .
Biography
Harbhajan Singh Rissam , born in 1951 in Jammu in a Kashmiri Sikh family , in the northern state of Jammu and Kashmir , did his early schooling at Central Basic School , Jammu after which he graduated in science from Government Gandhi Memorial Science College . When his family fled from Poonch , he moved with them to Punjab and secured his medical degree from Government Medical College , Amritsar with gold medal before completing his MD in cardiology at Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research , Chandigarh . Starting his career at the Government Gandhi Memorial Science College and after a stint in Saudi Arabia , he returned to India to join Apollo Hospital , Delhi as an interventional cardiologist but , later , moved to Max Healthcare , Delhi as the director of cardiac clinical services . In between , he was also associated with Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences , Sri Nagar , Fortis Healthcare and Batra Hospital , New Delhi . He published over 100 medical papers in various national and international journals and presented papers at medical conferences including the conference on Conquering Heart Disease in the Himalayan Region of the Cardiac Society of Nepal , held in November 2010 . He served as a member of the board of governors of the Medical Council of India , the apex body for medical education in India . He was appointed as a member of Medical Council of India Board of Governors on 14 May 2011 after its reconstitution by Union Health Ministry . He was also a member of the Asia Pacific Vascular Society and the Cardiological Society of India .
Rissam , who had a penchant for writing , published his first short story , Moscow Street , when he was thirteen . In 2006 , he took a long break from work and stayed in Paris for three months where he wrote a novel and in 2010 , he published it under the title The Scalpel - Game Beneath , which was a medical thriller on the mafia activities associated with medical tourism and organ trade . The novel , considered by many as an attempt at whistle-blowing , was reported to be the first insider account by a practising doctor in India and the first medical thriller by an Indian author . He planned two more novels based on happenings at a medical institute , to complete a trilogy of medical thrillers , but they were never published . The Government of India awarded him the civilian honor of the Padma Shri in 2006 .
Rissam was married to Balbir Kaur , a medical doctor , and the couple had a son , Harbir Singh Rissam and a daughter , Harmeet Kaur . He is survived by his mother Ranjeet Kaur , Brother Jujhar Singh Rissam , Nephews Satwant Singh Rissam & Sandeep Singh Rissam . His younger nephew Sandeep Singh Rissam is an Engineer by qualification & was working with him in his philanthropy and social works like organizing Blood Donation awareness and other projects . He died on 17 October 2013 , succumbing to an infection for which he had been hospitalized at Max Healthcare , Delhi . He was cremated at a cremation ground in Shastri Nagar , Jammu , the next day .
See also
Organ trade
Medical tourism
Robin Cook ( American novelist )
References
External links
Further reading
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
2013 deaths
People from Jammu
Medical Council of India
Indian cardiologists
Interventional cardiology
Indian medical writers
Indian male novelists
Indian medical academics
Indian medical administrators
1951 births
21st-century Indian novelists
Novelists from Jammu and Kashmir
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Medical doctors from Jammu and Kashmir
20th-century Indian male writers
21st-century Indian male writers
The Baden mutiny was the third act of the Baden Revolution it lasted from 9 May – 23 July 1849 .
On 11 May , the third Baden uprising began with the mutiny of Baden troops in the federal Rastatt Fortress .
Battles
Battle of Heppenheim
Battle of Weinheim
Battle of Wald-Michelbach
Battle of Ludwigshafen
Battle of Käfertal
Battle of Ladenburg
Battle of Hirschhorn
Battle of Waghäusel
Battle of Ladenburg
Battle of Sinsheim ( 1849 )
Battle of Ubstadt
Battle of Durlach
Gefecht in Gernsbach
30 June to 23 July 1849 Siege of Rastatt Fortress .
Baden Revolution
Milet Andrejević ( 28 September 1925 – 21 October 1989 ) was a Yugoslav-born American painter in the realist tradition . A classically trained artist who went through a series of different artistic periods , including post-Impressionism , Expressionism , and Pop Art , Andrejević was best known for his allegorical landscapes set in New York City 's Central Park .
Early life
Born Mileta Andrejević in Zrenjanin , Yugoslavia , Andrejević studied painting at the Belgrade Academy of Fine Arts . His brother , Krsta Andrejević , also become a well-known painter in the former Yugoslavia . As a teen , he lived through the Nazi occupation of Yugoslavia and was eventually conscripted into Tito 's army at the end of World War II . Andrejević studied under Ivan Tabaković at the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade , where he joined several of the artists who would form the Zadar Group , including Mića Popović , Bata Mihajlović , Petar Omčikus , Ljubinka Jovanović , Kosara Bokšan , and Vera Božicković .
In 1952 , Andrejević relocated to Paris to study art and did not return to Yugoslavia for twenty years . He married the former Helen Bardeen in Paris in 1956 and came to live with her in New York City in 1958 .
Critical success
Andrejević 's work turned toward Pop Art during the late 1950s and his work was exhibited in the Green Gallery then run by Richard Bellamy . In the 1960s , he adopted a more realist style that featured allegories of Greek myths set in Central Park . He received positive reviews from then New York Times art critic Hilton Kramer who called Andrejević , `` clearly one of the most gifted painters of the contemporary Realist school . '' Kramer went on to write that , `` He brings to his art an unusual sense of refinement - an eye calmly and exquisitely attuned to pictorial nuance . His best pictures achieve a purity of tone and a gravity of feeling unusual in the Realist painting of any period and very different , certainly , from some of the more clamorous Realist styles of our own day . ''
Andrejević showed his work at the Robert Schoelkopf gallery and in the collections of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington D.C. and the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City .
He died of lung cancer in 1989 .
References
External links
Art View ; ANDREJEVIC- [ AN ALLEGORICAL REALIST ] ; by Hilton Kramer , New York Times , January 11 , 1981 .
1925 births
1989 deaths
University of Arts in Belgrade alumni
Artists from New York City
Yugoslav Partisans members
Deaths from lung cancer in New York ( state )
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
Coconut production contributes to the national economy of Sri Lanka . The scientific name of the coconut is Cocos nucifera . Sri Lanka there are three varieties , tall variety , dwarf variety and King coconut variety . According to figures published in December 2018 by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , it is the world 's fourth largest producer of coconuts , producing 2,623,000 tonnes in 2018 .
History
The Portuguese who captured the country in 1505 called the nut Coco as the peeled nut was very unattractive . Coconut native to South-East Asia and Sri Lanka . Marco Polo the Italian merchant and explorer . Who made to the west was among the first European to describe the coconut . It 's also reported that he referred to Sri Lanka as the most picturesque island in the world . In Sidat Sangarawa the coconut has been referred to as Nyli . In the Sigiri kurutu gee written about the 9th century . The idea has been expressed by the Professor Senarat Paranavitana , the reputed archaeologist that the breasts of the Sigiri damsels have been referred to as Neli . The Mahawansa states that the coconut was cultivated during the reign of King Aggabodhi ( 564-598 ) . Faxian Buddhist monk ( 337-422 ) in his travel noted records the presence of coconut in Sri Lanka . The Kotte period ( 1412–1597 ) of the 15th century under Parakramabahu VI ( 1410–1467 ) is considered the golden era of Sinhala literature . The Paravi SandesayaI , the Selalihini Sandesaya , the Hansa Sandaseya , and the Gira Sandesaya makes reference to the coconut .
When the British capered the coastal area , the various taxes imposed included a tax on the coconut palm . It is significant that words like Polwatta , Polgolla , Polgasowita , Polgahawela , Polhengoda , Polathumodera have in common the word pol ( Coconut ) . There is ample evidence that coconut was present during the Anuradhapura period ( 377 BC–1017 AD ) .
Myths and legends
There is evidence that the word Pol ( පොල් ) , Tēṅkāy ( தேங்காய் ) was not used for the coconut in very early times . It is believed that Vijaya on landing in Tambapaṇṇī was treated with young coconut water by Kuweni .
Distribution
Coconut palms grow in most parts of Sri Lanka except in higher elevations . It 's a strong , light , and demanding tree . Most of the coconut is concentrated in the triangle formed by Puttalam , Kurunegala and Gampaha . This area covered by these three towns is referred to as the Coconut Triangle .
Natural habitat
The coconut palm has made Sri Lanka a particularly beautiful place . The graceful trunk of the tree rises to a height up to ending in a compact crown of 30-40 large feather like leaves . Each leaf is about in length . It consists of a leaf stalk or petiole , a midrib and a large number of leaflets arranged in two opposite rows . The leaflets near the base of the leaf as well as near the apex are much shorter and narrower than those near the middle . Each fruit has three coverings an outer shiny layer , the epicarp which is green to start with but becomes brown as the nut matures ( except in the king coconut where it is orange ) . Inner to this is the husk , the mesocarp , which cushions the seed , acting like a spring which breaks the fall of the fruit . The husk is not damaged by salt water and the coconut can be carried to long distances by the sea because the coconut is adapted to floatation . Inside the husk is a hard woody shell , the endocarp .
Varieties and forms of coconut found in Sri Lanka
Uses
Leaves
The tender inner stem and the terminal bud called the palm cabbage is considered as a delicacy by some . The very young leaves ( Gok kolla ) are yellowish and shiny . There is reference ti the use of Gok leaves decorations in the ancient literary work Kawsilumina written during the Polonnaruwa period ( 1055–1232 ) . Gok leaves are used for decoration on occasions such as wedding receptions , religious functions and sometimes even at funerals . In the Poruwa or wedding dais on which the bride and bridegroom stand while religious ceremonies are performed , tender Gok leaflets are used to beautify the structure . The Pirith mandapa ( පිරිත් මණ්ඩප ) or chamber in which the bhikkus chant pitith are also constructed using gok and dried leaflets .
The mature fronds are pleated or woven to make baskets and are also used in the partitioning of houses or thatching roofs in houses of poorer homes and covering the roofs of temporary structures . The green leaf is split down the midrib and the leaflets of each side is cross woven making what is called `` cadjans '' . The midrib of the leaflets are made into eakle brooms after the leaf blade on each side has been removed . The mature inflorescences are taken out and used un decorations after the spathes which encloses the flowers are split . The inflorescences are placed in pots which are placed in the 4 corners of the pirith mandapaya or Poruwa .
Toddy and serape
Toddy ( Pol ra , பொல் ரா , පොල් රා ) is obtained by tapping the juice exuded from the young inflorescence of the coconut while it is still covered by the spathe . It is a very refreshing drink , called sweet toddy , non intoxicating and pleasant if taken when freshly drawn . In preparing to obtain sweet toddy , the inflorescence is tied up tight before opening with string and the free end is sliced off . If the end gets parched , fresh slices are cut off . A pot is hung beneath the cut end of the inflorescence into which the juice from the bruised inflorescence collects . A good tree can yield a litre of sweet toddy per day with sugar content up to 14 % . The instruments carried by the tapper are a little wooden mallet ( used as a hammer for tapping ) and a curved knife for slicing carried on the belt across his waist . Close to the crowns two strong ropes connect adjacent trees . The toddy tapper walks on one holding to the other . By this the tapper has no need to descend one tree and climb the next one for tapping . The unfermented toddy can be boiled and thickened to produce treacle , or further boiled to thicken more and finally poured into clean coconut shells to form a solid called jaggery which is used in the preparation of sweetmeats and other delicacies .
Arrack
Most arrack made for the fermented sap of coconut flowers . Sri Lanka is the largest producer of coconut arrack in the world . 50 million liters in 2020 . Distilleries major arrack production company in Sri Lanka . Due to its concentrated sugar and yeast content , the captured liquid naturally and immediately ferments into a mildly alcoholic drink called `` toddy '' , tuak , or occasionally `` palm wine '' . Within a few hours after collection , the toddy is poured into large wooden vats , called `` wash backs '' , made from the wood of teak or Berrya cordifolia . The natural fermentation process is allowed to continue in the washback until the alcohol content reaches 5-7 % and deemed ready for distillation .
Distillation is generally a two-step process involving either pot stills , continuous stills , or a combination of both . The first step results in `` low wine '' , a liquid with an alcohol content between 20 and 40 % . The second step results in the final distillate with an alcohol content of 60 to 90 % . It is generally distilled to between 33 % and 50 % alcohol by volume ( ABV ) or 66 to 100 proof . The entire distillation process is completed within 24 hours . Various blends of coconut arrack diverge in processing , yet the extracted spirit may also be sold raw , repeatedly distilled or filtered , or transferred back into halmilla vats for maturing up to 15 years , depending on flavour , colour and fragrance requirements .
References
Sri Lanka
Agriculture in Sri Lanka
This is a list of episodes of Eureka Seven : AO , the sequel to Eureka Seven . The anime began airing on April 12 , 2012 , and ended on November 20 , 2012 . There is a total of 24 episodes . It has been released in Japan on Blu-ray and DVD , along with an OVA titled `` The Flower Fields of Jungfrau '' . An additional episode titled `` Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' was released on YouTube to accompany the release of the Eureka Seven : AO pachislot game . This so-called `` final episode '' was split into four parts , with the first part uploaded on January 10 , 2016 and subsequent parts in one-week intervals . On May 16 , 2013 , Funimation announced the official release date in English dub . The first twelve dubbed episodes were released on DVD/Blu-ray on August 13 , 2013 , and the rest of the series released on October 15 , 2013 .
For the series ' first season ( spanning the first 13 episodes ) , the opening theme is `` Escape '' performed by Hemenway and the ending theme is `` stand by me '' performed by Stereopony . Starting with episode 14 , the opening theme changes to performed by FLOW and the ending theme changes to performed by joy .
The story revolves around Ao , a young boy living on the island of Iwato Jima in Okinawa who becomes the pilot of the Nirvash , a powerful mecha which belonged to his missing mother Eureka , and embarks on a journey to find the truth about her disappearance . The Japanese language title follows the original series ' motif of using the names of songs as episode titles , but each AO episode has a thematic second English language title .
Episode list
OVA/ONA
Notes
References
External links
Official website episodes
Eureka Seven
Eureka Seven : AO
Henry Adams ( February 11 , 1858 – December 9 , 1929 ) was an American mechanical engineer . He emigrated at age 22 to Baltimore from Duisburg , Prussia ( now Nordrhein-Westfalen , Germany ) , having been educated as a building engineer . He later worked with the District of Columbia government buildings , and established a longstanding private practice in Baltimore , Maryland .
Public life
In Baltimore , he first worked for builder Benjamin F. Bennett . In 1886 , he became a heating and ventilating engineer with the Office of the Supervising Architect of the United States Department of the Treasury . In 1894 he joined the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers ( ASHVE ) as one of 75 charter members . He served on the organization 's Compulsory Legislation committee . He later served as ASHVE president ( from 1899 to 1900 ) , on the board of managers , and participated on their council .
He was president of the board of the Maryland Institute in Baltimore , currently known as the Maryland Institute College of Art ( MICA ) . He taught at the institute for 12 years then he participated as a board member and later than president of the board ( until his death 45 years later ) . Adams served as a Federal Fuel Administration engineer for Maryland and Delaware during World War I .
The press of his work was great , but it did not prevent him paying a great deal of attention to matters of public interest . He was a charter member of the Engineers ' Club of Baltimore and a touching tribute was paid him in that organization 's official organ , The Baltimore Engineer . `` Henry Adams , '' the memorial article said , was a good citizen , a just man , a capable engineer , full of charity , and died beloved by all who knew him . Baltimore , therefore , mourns his loss and will always cherish the thought and belief that the world was better for his life . ''
Professional life
Henry Adams received his early education in Germany but came to the United States to seek a wider field of activity in 1880 . In a short time he had won a position of prominence in his chosen profession , engineering . He was appointed Chief Engineer of the Office of the supervising Architect of the United States Government in Washington , DC which was a position he filled with distinction for 18 years . Upon his resignation , he opened business office in Baltimore in 1898 ; the company became Henry Adams , LLC which still exists today in Towson , Maryland . He practiced as a consulting engineer until the time of his death .
Over the course of his career , he completed important work for the United States Government , the State of Maryland , the City of Baltimore and many corporations of national scope .
His engineering design is also found in several Baltimore buildings : the Bromo Seltzer Tower , Maryland Institute and the Baltimore Museum of Art , Belvedere Hotel , and the first renovation of the Baltimore Courthouse . As a federal engineer , he designed the mechanical system for Ellis Island . He oversaw mechanical equipment design for the Peking Union Medical College in China , and designed equipment for the Masonic temple in Manila .
Family life
Married to Mary Elizabeth Klingelhofer , whose parents , John E and Mary Klingelhofer , were Baltimore bakers who had emigrated from Hessen , Germany .
Adams had three sons : Otto Eugene Adams ( architect ) , Ernest H. Adams and Clarence T. Adams ( engineers ) .
Henry Adams scholarship
A college scholarship was established by the firm , Henry Adams , LLC , in the memory of Adams . The endowment is coordinated by ASHRAE .
References
Sources
Making it work on the inside ; Engineering : For 100 years , Henry Adams Inc. has made some of the finest structures in the mid-Atlantic region function properly . ; Shanon D. Murray . The Sun . Baltimore , Md . : Apr 26 , 1998. pg . 1.F - - ProQuest document ID : 29147560
The History of Henry Adams Consulting Engineers
1858 births
1929 deaths
People from Baltimore
American mechanical engineers
German emigrants to the United States
Maryland Institute College of Art faculty
Anisa Zeb Tahirkheli is a Pakistani woman politician hailing from Haripur District . She is currently serving as member of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly belong to the Qaumi Watan Party .
Education
Zeb got her degrees of BSc ( Hons ) in LLB and MSc in geology .
References
Living people
Pashtun people
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa MPAs 2013–2018
Women members of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
People from Swabi District
Qaumi Watan Party politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Trudi Ames ( born Trudi Ziskind on November 10 , 1946 ) is a former actress most notable for her uncredited but memorable role in Bye Bye Birdie as Kim 's best friend Ursula . She also had a notable role as Libby in Gidget Goes to Rome and was an extra in Gypsy . In a TV special on January 7 , 1965 , ABC recognized her as one of the entertainment industry 's dozen `` most promising young actresses '' . Ames also appeared on such television series as The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis , Make Room for Daddy , Green Acres and The Dick Van Dyke Show .
Biography
Born November 10 , 1946 in Los Angeles , California , the daughter of Louis Ziskind , a social worker for Los Angeles ' Jewish Committee for Personal Service , Ames married Steven R. Lenenberg in 1971 ; the couple divorced in 1974 .
Ames attended the University of California , Los Angeles where she was on the Dean 's Honor List .
Career
Ames in 1960 performed in the role of Cassie Devlin in the episode `` The Sunday Man '' on the television Western series Zane Grey Theatre . Three years later , at the age of 16 , she made her film debut in the musical comedy Bye Bye Birdie . She had a recurring role on the television show , Karen , where she played Debbie Watson 's friend , Candy . Ames appeared in other television shows during the 1960s , including episodes of Green Acres , Please Do n't Eat the Daisies , My Three Sons and The Dick Van Dyke Show . During that period , Ames was also chosen as one of `` The Hollywood Deb Stars of 1966 . ''
Her post-acting life has included teaching in the Los Angeles area public schools for 20 years , and working for the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1978-83 as a brakeman and locomotive engineer .
As Prashant Ziskind , she has worked as a life transitions coach , particularly for creative people including performance artists .
Filmography
The Impossible Years ( 1968 ) as Francine
Cinderella ( 1965 ) as Daughter
The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis ( 1960 ; two episodes as Jenny )
The Dick Van Dyke Show ( 1965 ; 1 episode as Margie )
Gidget Goes to Rome ( 1963 ) as Libby Bennett
Bye Bye Birdie ( 1963 ) as Ursula ( uncredited )
Gypsy ( 1962 ) as Scottish Girl ( in Uncle Jocko Scene ; uncredited )
My Three Sons ( 1962 ) season 2 , Blind Date , as Jenie Miller
References
External links
Living people
American child actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
Place of birth missing ( living people )
American people of Jewish descent
1946 births
21st-century American women
Ruhabad ( , also Romanized as Rūḩābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 506 , in 150 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Tonyosynthemis is a genus of slender black and yellow dragonflies in the family Synthemistidae .
It is endemic to eastern Australia .
Species
The genus contains only two species :
Tonyosynthemis claviculata - clavicle tigertail
Tonyosynthemis ofarrelli - slender tigertail
See also
List of Odonata species of Australia
References
Synthemistidae
Anisoptera genera
Odonata of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Günther Theischinger
Insects described in 1998
Stenoma vinifera is a moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in Brazil and the Guianas .
The wingspan is 20–23 mm . The forewings are whitish , with a faint lilac or purplish tinge and with the costal edge white . The basal fourth is suffused with light lilac brown , hardly definitely separated from an irregular light lilac-brown fascia about one-third , its costal edge blackish . There is a broad cloudy light lilac-brown fascia beyond the middle , its posterior edge parallel and close to a somewhat curved light lilac-brown line from four-fifths of the costa to the tornus , indented beneath the costa , both these with the costal edge blackish . A small hardly darker brown spot is found on the end of the cell partially expressed by whitish suffusion and there is a marginal series of small cloudy dark fuscous marks around the apex and termen . The hindwings are grey whitish .
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Shert ( Bet ) is a 2015 Pakistani romantic drama serial . It is directed by Shaqielle Khan , produced by Momina Duraid and written by Irfan Mughal . It starred Danish Taimoor , Ayesha Khan , Syed Jibran , Nida Khan and Nadia Hussain in lead roles . The drama serial premiered on 4 April 2015 on Urdu1 , and aires a new episode every Friday at 9:00pm PST.The Last Episode was slated to release on 24 July 2015 concluding the series with 17 episodes . It also aired in India on Zindagi as Na Gumaan Kar Kisi Aur Ka .
Plot
Momal , Immad , Afroz and Sameer are four university friends who share a very friendly bond . Immad has a crush on Momal but Momal loves Sameer . One day when Imaad goes to Momal to confess his feelings for her she says him to first take her proposal to sameer . Imaad is shocked . He talks to sameer and he agrees . Meanwhile , afroz is known to like Imaad and she proposes to him . One year has passed Momal is married to sameer and Afroz to Immad . Momal and Sameer live in US while Imaad and Afroz in Karachi . Sameer is secretly eyeing on his boss ( Sofia ) who is a divorced woman . Sofia agrees to marry sameer on the condition that he divorces Momal . Sameer has a fight with Momal and she knows about his affair . She leaves him and moves to Pakistan . In Pakistan She lives with Imaad and Afroz . Momal has lost her faith in men but Afroz has n't as she thinks that they are men like Imaad . Momal and Afroz bet on Imaad . Momal claims that she will make Imaad move to her in a couple of days while Afroz is adamant that her husband is not one of those men who eye on women .
Momal , Imaad and Afroz move for vacations to the hill station where they meet Sameer , who asks Momal to forgive him as Sofian has kicked him out and betrayed him . She slaps him and says never to return . But destiny intervenes and Imaad revokes his love for Momal . Momal wins the bet but she does n't want to break Afroz 's house so she moves to an apartment . Imaad tells to Afroz that he loved Momal from the time of university . Afroz is devastated . She questions Momal . Momal is mentally disturbed and tries to suicide but is saved . Afroz feels sorry for Momal and agrees on Imaad marrying Momal . It is found that Aftoz can never get pregnant and this becomes a source of tension for Afroz and Imaad .
Sameer tells Afroz that it 's just lust what Imaad has for Momal and a desire to have a child . Imaad marries Momal . Sameer is leaving for good sobhe contacts Momal . Momal insists Imaad to meet Sameer . At sameer 's apartment Imaad and Sameer are both Shocked to find out that Momal married Immad just to halala ( an Islamic practice where a woman has to marry another man and then divorce to marry her ex-husband ) . Sameer is ecstatic but Imaad is devastated and has a nervous breakdown . Sameer and Momal summon Imaad and Afroz to court . Sameer wants Momal to say in court that Imaad is unable to have a child and that he has made a fake file to portray that Afroz can not conceive . Momal is a bit reluctant at first but stands against them .
Imaad is shocked to see what Momal is doing but Afroz is clear that Momal was here just to correct her life and disturb them . Meanwhile , Afroz 's friends arrive after vacations and are equally tensed to know about what happened while they were gone . Afroz visits Momal and insults her and even calls her a betrayer . Imaad tries to reach Momal but Sameer stops him by pointing a gun at him when Imaad tries to meet Momal . Momal and Sameer finalise in court that Imaad is impotent . But later it is known that Momal is pregnant with Immad 's child . Sameer wants her to abort the child while Imaad is persistent on having his first child . Momal is tensed and confused on what to do . Afroz leaves Immad and requests him to live a happy life with Momal and his child .
Last Episode
Afroz is pregnant but only she and Imaad 's best friend Sami know . Momal is leaving Pakistan forever without Sameer or anyone else and before leaving she tells Imaad that she is returning her case from the court . Afroz has an accident and Imaad is told by Sami that she has had a miscarriage and now she can not conceive but in reality Afroz is still expecting Immad 's child . In the end Sami is able to get Afroz and Imaad together ( Imaad gets to know that Afroz never had any miscarriage ) while Sameer and Momal also patch up as the four live happily .
Cast
Danish Taimoor as Imaad
Ayesha Khan as Momal
Syed Jibran as Sameer
Nida Khan as Afroz
Nadia Hussain as Sofia ( Boss )
Soundtrack
The Theme song of Shert is written by Sabir Zafar , and composed by Waqar Ali . The song was highly appreciated by the audience and called one of the favourite OST of 2015 . The music is a label of Momina Duraid Productions . The song is sung by Aleyha waqar .
References
http : //www.brandsynario.com/shart-urdu1-drama-danish-taimoor-ayesha-khans-sizzling-chemistry-back-on-screen/
http : //style.pk/danish-taimoor-and-ayesha-khan-back-on-screen-after-long-time/
http : //reviewit.pk/shart-episode-01/
2015 Pakistani television series debuts
2015 Pakistani television series endings
Pakistani romantic drama television series
Urdu 1 original programming
Urdu 1
Zindagi ( TV channel ) original programming
All Saints ' Church , Darlaston is a parish church in the Church of England in Darlaston .
History
The first church by George Edmund Street dated from 1872 . It was erected as a memorial to Samuel Mills , and lavishly furnished with stained glass windows designed by Edward Burne-Jones . It was destroyed by a bomb in the Second World War on 31 July 1942 .
The replacement church was started in 1951 by the architect Richard Twentyman and dedicated on 4 October 1952 by the Bishop of Lichfield . The church tower containing two bells is high . The main body of the church is long by wide .
The east end of the church is dominated by a tapestry designed by Stephen Lee , and the stone reliefs on the main door are by Don Potter .
The church was listed at Grade II by Historic England on 22 February 2016 .
Organ
The church is equipped with a pipe organ by John Compton . A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register .
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands ( county )
Churches completed in 1952
Richard Twentyman
The Dortmund–Ems Canal is a long canal in Germany between the inland port of the city of Dortmund ( ) and the seaport of Emden . The artificial southern part of the canal ends after at Herbrum lock near Meppen . The route then takes the river Ems for to Oldersum lock . From there , the canal continues along a second artificial segment of . This latter section was built because inland ships at the time of the construction of the canal were not built for the open sea , which they would have faced at the Dollart and the entry to the seaport of Emden . It is connected to the Ems-Jade Canal from Emden to Wilhelmshaven .
History
The canal was opened in to reduce demand on the railway network , which could not cope with the transport of products from the Ruhr area . Also , the canal was supposed to make coal from the Ruhr area more competitive compared to imported English coal . Furthermore , the steel industry in the eastern Ruhr area needed to import ore from abroad .
The canal was attacked numerous times during World War II due to its strategic importance . Operation Garlic , an attack in September 1943 by 617 Squadron RAF ( the `` Dambusters '' ) was unsuccessful and costly . The squadron attacked it again in September 1944 using Tallboy `` earthquake '' bombs breaching it and causing considerable damage . It was repaired after the conflict .
Description
The best known building of the Dortmund-Ems canal is the Henrichenburg boat lift in Waltrop , which enabled a ship to bridge a difference in height of . It operated until 1962 , and was then replaced by a new elevator and a lock . Today it houses the Westfälisches Industriemuseum .
Some kilometres to the north , the canal reaches the city of Datteln , which lies at the crossroads of four canals :
Datteln-Hamm Canal
Wesel-Datteln Canal
Dortmund–Ems Canal
Rhein-Herne Canal
The old route of the canal crosses the rivers Lippe , Stever and Ems on bridges . These bridges are built with large arches , and the bridge over the Lippe lies above the river .
After the Second World War , the canal had to be widened . Those parts that were above ground level could not easily be widened , and therefore a new route was constructed between Olfen and Münster . It lies parallel to the old route , and new river crossings were also built . The old route was closed for shipping .
is a 350 km long official long-distance cycling route next to the canal .
Towns along the canal
Dortmund -
Waltrop -
Datteln -
Olfen -
Lüdinghausen -
Senden -
Hiltrup -
Münster -
Dörenthe -
Hörstel -
Bevergern -
Rheine -
Hesselte -
Lingen -
Geeste -
Meppen -
Haren -
Papenburg -
Düthe -
Heede -
Lehe -
Aschendorf -
Oldersum -
Emden -
References
Canals in Lower Saxony
Münster ( region )
Dortmund
Federal waterways in Germany
Canals opened in 1899
1899 establishments in Germany
ǂAakhoe ( ǂĀkhoe ) and Haiǁom are part of the Khoekhoe dialect continuum and are spoken mainly in Namibia . In the sparsely available material on the subject , ǂAkhoe and Haiǁom have been considered a variant of the Khoekhoe language , as separate dialects ( Haacke et al . 1997 ) , as virtual synonyms of a single variant ( Heikinnen , n.d. ) , or as `` a way in which some Haiǁom speak their language in the northern part of Namibia '' ( Widlock , n.d. ) . ǂAkhoe especially is intermediate between the Khoekhoe and Kalahari branches of the Khoe language family .
The people
The Haiǁom are traditionally hunter-gatherers , and many aspects of this traditional culture have been preserved in spite of the political , economic , and linguistic marginalisation of the group . Characteristical features of their culture include healing trance dances , hunting magic , intensive usage of wild plant and insect food , a unique kinship and naming system , frequent storytelling , and the use of a landscape-term system for spatial orientation .
The Haiǁom live in the savannah of northern Namibia , in an area stretching from the edges of Etosha salt pan and the northern white farming areas as far as the Angola border – and perhaps beyond – in the north and Kavango in the east .
According to Ethnologue there were 48,400 Haiǁom speakers in 2006 , but as with all figures on people and languages of low reputation this count might not be very reliable .
Grammar
In theory ǂAkhoe possesses free word order , with the subject–object–verb order ( SOV ) being the dominant preference . In keeping with the typological profile of SOV languages , adjectives , demonstratives and numerals generally precede nouns . Nouns are marked by person–gender–number ( PGN ) markers . Adjectives , demonstratives and numerals all agree with their head noun .
Mãa is an interrogative used freely in Haiǁom , the subject |ũ takes the suffix -ba , which is a PGN marker denoting the 3rd person masculine singular . The indirect object nde , a demonstrative , follows the noun , and is inflected in concord with the head noun .
Compound structures are highly productive in ǂAkhoe and vary widely in the combination of word categories . The possibilities include : noun+noun , noun+adverb or vice versa , noun+adjective or vice versa , adjective+adjective , adjective+adverb or vice versa , adjective+suffix , or multiple combinations of the above .
Phonology
Comparing Heikinnen 's and Widlock 's contribution to ǂAkhoe phonology with the more general and theoretical phonological work of Peter Ladefoged ( 1996 ) , ǂAkhoe can be said to have 47 phonemes . However , an in-depth phonological sketch of the language might show other results where the vowels are concerned .
Consonants
There are 34 consonants in ǂAkhoe , 20 of which are clicks produced with an ingressive airstream , and 14 of which are pulmonic consonants produced with an egressive airstream .
Vowels
ǂAkhoe Haiǁom has a total of 12 vowel phonemes . These can be divided into monophthongs and diphthongs , with a further subdivision into oral and nasal pronunciation .
Monophthongs and .
Diphthongs and .
See also
Original People 's Party of Namibia , a political party in colonial Namibia led by Theophilus Soroseb , a member of the Haiǁom and Ovambo groups
References
Bibliography
Haacke , W. ( 1988 ) Nama|Damara I , Guide 2 : Morphology and syntax , mimeographed .
Haacke , W. , E. Eiseb , L. Namaseb ( 1997 ) `` Internal and External Relations of Khoekhoe Dialects , a Preliminary Survey '' , in W. Haacke and E. Elderkin ( eds . ) , Namibian Languages : Reports and Papers , Köln : Köppe .
Heikinnen , T. ( n.d. ) , `` A Description of the language of ≠Akhoen '' , unpublished manuscript .
Ladefoged , Peter & Maddieson , Ian ( 1996 ) The sounds of the world 's languages , Oxford : Blackwell .
Widlock , T. ( n.d. ) A Haiǁom sourcebook : The T. Heikinnen Papers , unpublished manuscript .
External links
Haiom in the Etosha region : a history of colonial settlement , ethnicity and Nature Conservation via Google Books
Undiscovered or Overlooked : The Haiom of Namibia
Khoe languages
Languages of South Africa
Languages of Botswana
Languages of Namibia
Ethnic groups in Namibia
Michael K. Randolph ( born 1946 ) is the chief justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi . He represents District 2 Place 3 .
Early years
Randolph is the son of a construction worker who had a third-grade education .
He served as an air traffic controller in Vietnam with the U.S. Army 1st Infantry Division and was honorably discharged in 1967 . After serving in the army , he joined the Navy reserves .
In 1972 , he graduated from Rollins College , and two years later , he earned a Juris Doctor from the University of Mississippi School of Law . While in law school , he joined the U.S . Naval Reserve , attending the Naval Justice School , and serving as an attorney with the Judge Advocate General Corps . He received an honorable discharge in 1975 .
Career
From 1975 until 2004 , Randolph practiced law in Biloxi , Mississippi and Hattiesburg , Mississippi . On April 23 , 2004 , Gov . Haley Barbour appointed Randolph to the Mississippi Supreme Court to serve the unexpired term of former Chief Justice Edwin L. Pittman . In November 2004 , Randolph was elected to the Supreme Court for an eight-year term that began January 1 , 2005 . He became Chief Justice on January 31 , 2019 .
President Ronald Reagan appointed Randolph to serve on the National Coal Council . Randolph has also served on the board of directors for William Carey College , and he was past president of the South Central Mississippi Bar Association .
Personal life
Randolph is married to Kathy Webb Randolph . He has three children and five grandchildren . He is a member of Temple Baptist Church .
References
|-
1946 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American judges
21st-century American lawyers
Chief Justices of the Mississippi Supreme Court
Justices of the Mississippi Supreme Court
Rollins College alumni
University of Mississippi alumni
Air traffic controllers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Army soldiers
United States Navy sailors
United States Navy reservists
Pandemis cataxesta is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in China and Vietnam .
References
Moths described in 1938
Pandemis
Anna Carragher ( born 9 July 1948 ) is an Irish former broadcasting executive and television producer . From 2000 to 2006 , she was Controller of BBC Northern Ireland .
Early life and education
Carragher was born on 9 July 1948 to Thomas Carragher and Eileen Carragher . Her father was a shipyard electrician and trade unionist , and Irish Labour councillor . Her parents were founding members of the Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) , which formed in 1970 .
Carragher was educated St Dominic 's High School , now called St Dominic 's Grammar School for Girls , a Roman Catholic grammar school in Belfast , Northern Ireland . Her mother taught Maths at St Dominic 's , and became the school 's Vice-Principal in 1976 . She studied English Language and Literature at Queen 's University Belfast , graduating with a Bachelor of Arts ( BA Hons ) degree .
Career
Carragher joined the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) in 1970 . Her early years were spent in BBC Radio : she was a studio manager from 1970 to 1973 , and then a producer for the BBC Radio 4 Today program from 1973 to 1981 .
Carragher moved to BBC Television in the 1980s . Between 1981 and 1985 , she worked as a producer for various Television News programs . In 1985 , she joined BBC1 's Question Time as its producer . She produced Radio 4 's Any Questions ? from 1989 to 1992 . From 1992 to 1995 , she worked on the new Five Live station , and was Editor of European and Correspondent Programmes for Radio 4 .
Carragher became Head of Programmes at BBC Northern Ireland in 1995 , and its first female Controller in 2000 . She left the BBC on 17 November 2006 ; she had been with the BBC for thirty-six years .
Carragher was a member of the Northern Ireland Film and Television Commission from 1995 to 2001 . Since 2009 , she has been a Commissioner on the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland .
Carragher was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2021 Birthday Honours for services to the arts in Northern Ireland .
Personal life
In 1974 , Carragher married Alain Le Garsmeur ; the couple had two sons and a daughter . They have since divorced .
References
External links
Arts Council Northern Ireland
Her mother
1948 births
Living people
Alumni of Queen 's University Belfast
BBC executives
BBC Northern Ireland
Irish radio producers
Irish television producers
British radio producers
British television producers
British women television producers
People educated at St Dominic 's Grammar School for Girls
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Women radio producers
Macdonald River may refer to :
Macdonald River ( Bendemeer ) , New South Wales , Australia
Macdonald River ( St Albans ) , New South Wales , Australia
MacDonald River ( Métabetchouane River ) , Quebec , Canada
MacDonald River ( Côte-Nord ) , Quebec , Canada
See also
Macdonald ( disambiguation )
The Elms School is a co-educational independent boarding prep school located in Colwall , Herefordshire , England . Including its pre-prep department , it caters for children from 2 to 13 years old . The Headmaster is Chris Hattam , who is a member of the Boarding Schools Association and the Independent Association of Prep Schools ( IAPS ) ; The Elms was one of the IAPS 's founding schools .
History
The Elms were founded in 1614 by Humphrey Walwyn of the Worshipful Company of Grocers , and is the oldest prep school still on its original site . The original school house was based on a farmhouse , built in the 1550s , on the edge of the village of Colwall in the lee of the Malvern Hills .
Although it is often referred to as the oldest prep school in the United Kingdom still located on its original site , according to The Rise of the English Prep School , the official inception date of The Elms as a prep school dates back to only 1867 .
In 2014 The Elms School celebrated its 400-year anniversary , and named a new dormitory after the late former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . It maintains close links with the Grocers ' Company , and receives financial assistance from the company 's charitable arm .
Facilities
The school has 150 acres of land , including a farm and a large outdoor arena for riding . As of 2013 , The Elms was one of 98 schools in the UK with its own farm . The Elms have herds of Hereford cattle and Gloucester Old Spot pigs , which pupils help to tend , and show at county agricultural shows . Meat from the farm is served in the school canteen and sold to parents . Each class is responsible for tending a garden , and fruits and vegetables they grow are also used in the school kitchens .
Pupils may stable their own ponies at the school . The equestrian programme includes hunting . The school has its own puppy show , where children learn to judge hounds . In 2019 , an annual hunt meeting at The Elms School was cancelled due to controversy on social media .
The school also has a sports hall , theatre , swimming pool , astroturf , and science laboratories , as well as sports fields .
Academic life
The Elms are a preparatory school , preparing pupils for Common Entrance and senior school Scholarship examinations , mainly at 13+ . Pupils from the school have moved onto such schools as Cheltenham College , The Cheltenham Ladies ' College , Dean Close , Eton , Gordonstoun , Harrow , Shrewsbury , St Marys , Calne and Tudor Hall .
Pupils study all the subjects of a standard curriculum , with the addition of Greek ( for some pupils ) , Latin and Rural Studies . Pupils are largely taught by a form teacher in the early years , but there is an increasing degree of specialist subject teaching as they move up the school .
Sport
Pupils play Association football , Rugby football , cricket , hockey , netball , rounders , athletics , triathlon and heptathlon . School teams have been successful in County and National level competitions .
Notable alumni
Stephen Davies , ornithologist
Sir Peter Gadsden ( 1929–2006 ) , 652nd Lord Mayor of London
Quentin Letts ( born 1963 ) , journalist and theatre critic
John Moore ( 1907–1967 ) , author
References
External links
The Elms School Website
Educational activities of the Grocers ' Company
Information about the school from the Independent Schools Council
The Elms School Official Facebook Page
1614 establishments in England
Educational institutions established in the 1610s
Preparatory schools in Herefordshire
Independent schools in Herefordshire
Bolting , when referring to equids , generally refers to two equine behaviors , both undesirable :
Running away without control .
Eating food at a dangerously fast rate .
However , there are other meanings as well . For example , in Australia a bolter is a racehorse that wins at long betting odds .
Runaways
Most often , bolting refers to a `` runaway '' - horses that gallop off with a handler at high speed , whether being ridden under saddle or driving in harness . There are many causes , most linked to fright that triggers the fight-or-flight response of the horse . In these circumstances , the horse is often running in a panic and may not notice where it is going , creating danger for both horse and rider .
Less often , bolting is a deliberate disobedience by a horse that wishes to rid itself of a handler or avoid an unpleasant situation . In both cases , bolting horses are usually stopped by being turned in some type of circle by pulling on one rein to turn the head to the side , as directly pulling on both reins has little impact .
Bolting is also sometimes seen in horse racing when the horse chooses to ignore its jockey and run as it wishes , often in a manner that makes it difficult for the rider to maneuver the horse or rate its speed . Bolting race horses often head toward the outer rail of the track and even lose racing speed in an attempt to evade the rider 's commands .
Horses may also bolt if greatly frightened when loose in a pen or pasture . In a confined area , this may result in an animal running into or jumping a fence .
The phrase `` take the bit in his/her teeth '' is a colloquial reference to bolting . However , in reality , a bolting horse usually does not take the bit in its teeth , as the bit rests on the gums in an interdental space where there are no teeth . What a horse actually does is to raise its head and tighten its jaw in a manner that allows it to ignore a bit pressure . While a horse can move the bit to its molars and chew on it , this is not generally how a horse evades the bit when bolting .
Feeding habits
The term `` bolting '' may also refer to a horse that eats its feed too quickly , particularly grain or other concentrated feed . This is undesirable as it can , in some cases , lead to choking or colic . Proper equine nutrition may reduce bolting of feed . Methods to prevent bolting feed involve adding objects such as hay cubes , chopped straw ( `` chaff '' ) or medium-sized rocks to a feed container to slow the horse 's eating .
See also
Riding aids
Stable vices
External links
Runaway horses often left path of destruction - Pantagraph ( Bloomington , Illinois newspaper )
Horse health
Horse behavior
Grant Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Marshall in Oneida County , north of Waterville .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Michael Tisdall ( 1730–1788 ) was Archdeacon of Ross from 1781 to 1788 .
Tisdall was the son of the Reverend George Tisdall and Frances Canning . His mother was of the same family as Baron Garvagh and the statesman George Canning , and his father , through
his grandmother Frances Fitzgerald , was a distant cousin of the Earl of Kildare . He was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College there . He was ordained on 15 November 1753 and began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at his father 's church , St Mary , Shandon . After another curacy at Ballymoney he held livings at Kinneagh , Kilmaloda , Tullagh , Creagh . He was Vicar choral of Cork Cathedral from 1778 to 1781 ; and Prebendary of Dromdaleague in 1781 .
He married Elizabeth Farran , daughter of Thomas Farran . His son Fitzgerald Tisdall was Rector of Kilmoe . Fitzgerald was murdered by robbers in 1809 on the road between Bantry and Kenmare . One of the killers , Michael Murphy , was hanged for the crime .
References
Archdeacons of Ross , Ireland
1730 births
1788 deaths
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
Christian clergy from Dublin ( city )
Éric le Leuch ( born June 19 , 1971 ) is a French sprint canoer who competed from 1995 to 2000 . He won a bronze medal in the C-4 200 m event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg .
Eric Le Leuch also competed in two Summer Olympics , earning his best finish of fourth in the C-1 1000 m event at Sydney in 2000 .
References
External links
1971 births
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
French male canoeists
Living people
People from Dinan
Olympic canoeists of France
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Sportspeople from Côtes-d'Armor
Frank Mullen is a musician .
Frank Mullen may also refer to :
Frank Aloysius Mullen ( 1887–1945 ) , Olympic diver
Frank X. Mullen , Nevada journalist and author for The Metropolitan
Radhames Aracena ( 13 May 1930 – 11 December 1999 ) , was a Dominican radio host , music producer and businessman who helped change the musical landscape of the Caribbean island during and after Rafael Trujillo 's dictatorship . Aracena was able to bring the traditional Dominican bachata from the brothels and saloons to every radio set in the country . Aracena created Radio Guarachita , one of the first radio stations to cater to bachata music , and subsequently began recording , producing and promoting bachata artists .
Beginnings
When he was in his early 20s , Radhames Aracena was already making a name for himself as a popular radio personality . By 1955 , while still working as a radio host , Radhames opened a record store called Discos La Guarachita ( diminutive of guaracha , a popular type of Cuban music ) near one of the most popular streets of Santo Domingo . He had been able to get local distribution rights for Pedro Infante 's Mexican record company , Peerless , as well as some other Latin American record labels such as Panamerica de Discos , which controlled the catalog of the famous bolero singer Lucho Gatica . A few years later , he got distribution rights for RCA and CBS .
Radio Guarachita
After Trujillo 's assassination in 1961 , Radhames purchased recording equipment and licenses to launch a new radio station , and in 1964 he created Radio Guarachita . Radhames , along with DJs Cuco Valoy ( who later became an internationally famous salsa and merengue singer ) on Radio Tropical , and Jose Tabar Asilis ( popularly known as Charlie-Charlie ) on La Voz del Tropico , was amongst the first to give bachata any air time .
Producer
Striving to create the same sound quality for bachata as the records he was importing from overseas , Radhames began recording local musicians , and soon became one of the most important names in the bachata business . Radio Guarachita gave many legendary Dominican artists their first break . Jose Manuel Calderon , Leonardo Paniagua , Blas Duran , Ramón Cordero and Edilio Paredes , are some among the host of traditional bachateros whose careers were launched by Radhames . Many popular merengue tipico musicians , including Tatico Henriquez , Dionisia ‘ Guandulito ' Mejia , and Fefita La Grande , also recorded important works with Guarachita .
Controversy
It was n't always smooth-sailing , however . There was ( and still is ) controversy regarding the nature of the contracts that Radhames made with his artists . Their honorariums were meager ; many believe that they deserved more , and there are still disagreements over royalties not being paid to family members . Session musicians Edilio Paredes and Joan Soriano recall being forced to remove their shoes in the Guarachita studio ( which occupied a floor of the Aracena household ) , and to work 12 hour shifts barefoot and without being fed . However , it is undisputed that Guarachita helped to launch many successful careers , and so even while feeling exploited , Guarachitas ' artists are generally grateful to Radhames as well .
Death
Radhames Aracena died on December 11 , 1999 , at the age of 69 , and his Radio Guarachita was closed after its heirs sold it to Dominican businessman Juan Lopez . When a person in the Dominican Republic turns the dial to 690 AM , they tune into Disney 's ESPN radio .
Bibliography
Deborah Pacini Hernandez , Bachata : A Social History of Dominican Popular Music , Temple University Press , USA , 1995 .
References
iASO Records - Radhames Aracena and Radio Guarachita
Dominican Republic radio personalities
1930 births
1999 deaths
Walter Avarelli ( 3 June 1912 – 1987 ) was an Italian bridge player , a member of the famous Blue Team , with whom he won nine Bermuda Bowls and three World Team Olympiads from 1956 to 1972 .
Avarelli was born in Rome and became a judge there . He first took up rudimentary bridge during World War II when more than thirty years old . Along with interests in tennis , riding and motor racing , he was especially noted for `` his addiction to gastronomy '' .
Avarelli was the longtime partner of Giorgio Belladonna using the Roman Club bidding system . They improved the system together and presented it in a book that was published in at least two Italian editions , 1958 and 1969 .
Il sistema fiori romano , Giorgio Belladonna and Walter Avarelli ( 1958 ) , 163 pp . ; 3rd edition ( Bridge d'oggi , 1969 ) , 181 pp. ,
The Roman Club System of Distributional Bidding , Giorgio Belladonna and Walter Avarelli ( Simon & Schuster , 1959 ; Cassell , 1960 )
Bridge accomplishments
World championships
Avarelli won 12 world championships , all as one of six players on the Italy open .
Bermuda Bowl ( 9 ) 1957 , 1958 , 1959 , 1961 , 1962 , 1965 , 1966 , 1967 , 1969
World Team Olympiad ( 3 ) 1964 , 1968 , 1972
Runners-up : none . He joined the Italy team after its second-place finish in the 1951 Bermuda Bowl and retired before its double second-place finish in 1976 .
European championships
European Open Teams ( 4 ) 1956 , 1957 , 1958 , 1959
References
Further reading
Belladonna , Giorgio and Giorgio Manca ( 1955 ) , Il sistema Manca : Fiori romano [ The Manca system : Roman Club ] , .
Belladonna , Giorgio ( 1958 ) , Il Nuovo Fiori Romano .
Belladonna , Giorgio ( 1977 ) , Il Nuovissimo Fiori Romano .
Belladonna , Giorgio and Benito Garozzo ( 1986 ) , Il Moderno Fiori Romano .
External links
1912 births
1987 deaths
Italian contract bridge players
Bermuda Bowl players
20th-century Italian judges
Sportspeople from Rome
Date of death missing
Trioceros feae , the Bioko montane chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Bioko .
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1906
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Reptiles of Equatorial Guinea
Miss Polonia 2000 was the 26th Miss Polonia pageant , held on October 14 , 2000 . The winner was Justyna Bergmann of Kuyavia-Pomerania and she represented Poland in Miss World 2000 . 1st Runner-Up Malgorzata Rozniecka represented Poland at Miss International 2001 . 2nd Runner-Up Monika Gruda represented the country at Miss Universe 2001 .
Final results
Special Awards
Official Delegates
Notes
Did not compete
Holy Cross
Lower Poland
Lower Silesia
Lubusz
Opole
Upper Poland
Polish Community in Argentina
Polish Community in Australia
Polish Community in Belarus
Polish Community in Brazil
Polish Community in Canada
Polish Community in France
Polish Community in Germany
Polish Community in Ireland
Polish Community in Israel
Polish Community in Lithuania
Polish Community in Russia
Polish Community in South Africa
Polish Community in Sweden
Polish Community in the U.K .
Polish Community in the U.S .
Polish Community in Venezuela
References
External links
Official Website
2000
2000 beauty pageants
2000 in Poland
Alastair Thain ( born 1961 ) is a German-born photographer . His portraits were published in 1991 as Skin Deep , and many are held in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery , London . With Tom Stoddart , he made work about the Siege of Sarajevo , which was exhibited at the Royal Festival Hall in London and published as a book .
Early life and education
Thain was born in Düsseldorf , Germany and studied at the London College of Printing .
Publications
Skin Deep : The Portraits of Alastair Thain . Viking , 1991. . With an essay by Jane Withers .
Edge of Madness : Sarajevo , a city and its people under siege . London : Royal Festival Hall , 1997 . With Tom Stoddart .
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions or with one other person
Edge of Madness – Sarajevo a City and Its People Under Siege , Royal Festival Hall , London , 1997 . With Tom Stoddart .
Marines : Portraits by Alastair Thain , externally , Imperial War Museum North , Manchester , 2009
Group exhibitions
How We Are : Photographing Britain , Tate Britain , London , 2007 . Co-curated by Susan Bright and Val Williams .
Collections
Thain 's work is held in the following permanent collection :
National Portrait Gallery , London : 23 portrait prints ( as of 30 November 2021 )
References
21st-century photographers
20th-century photographers
People from Düsseldorf
Alumni of the London College of Printing
Living people
1961 births
Portrait photographers
Hans Peter Pawlik ( died 2 January 2012 in Vienna ) was an Austrian painter and author .
Life
As an author Pawlik wrote on his own or with Josef Otto Slezak and others multiple books and illustrated books about the history of railway in Austria . He became especially known as a painter for his historic motifs of the Southern Railway .
Works
Schmalspurig nach Mariazell ; Slezak , Vienna 1979 .
Wiener Straßenbahn-Panorama . Bilder aus der Zeit von 1865 bis 1982 ; Slezak , Vienna 1982 .
Südbahn-Lokomotiven ; Slezak , Vienna 1987 .
Architektur an der Semmeringbahn ; in cooperation with Mihály Kubinszky and Josef Otto Slezak , 2. edition , Slezak , Vienna 1992 .
Jenbach-Achensee ; Slezak , Vienna 1993 .
Wiener Straßenbahn-Panorama . Bilder aus der Zeit von 1865 bis 1982 ; Slezak , Vienna 1995 .
Wagners Werk für Vienna ; Slezak , Vienna 1999 .
Ring-Rund ; Slezak , Vienna 1999 .
Mariazellerbahn in der Landschaft ; Slezak , Vienna 2001 , 2. , revised edition
Technik der Mariazellerbahn ; Slezak , Vienna 2001 .
Unvergessene Kahlenbergbahn ; Slezak , Vienna 2001 .
Gölsdorfs Glanzstück , die 310er ; Slezak , Vienna 2002 .
External links
Recommended reading in the Wiener Zeitung on August 4 , 2000
References
2012 deaths
20th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
21st-century Austrian painters
21st-century male artists
Austrian male writers
Year of birth missing
20th-century Austrian male artists
The brown accentor ( Prunella fulvescens ) is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae . It is found in Afghanistan , China , India , Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Nepal , Pakistan , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
Its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation .
References
brown accentor
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of China
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Mongolia
brown accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Rabbi 's Cat may refer to :
The Rabbi 's Cat ( comics ) , a French comic by Joann Sfar
The Rabbi 's Cat ( film ) , 2011 French animated film directed by Joann Sfar and Antoine Delesvaux , based on volume one , two and five of Sfar 's comics series
The Badaghagara Waterfall is a waterfall of the Kendujhar district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Location
Badaghagara is located at a distance of 9 km from the district headquarters ( Kendujhar ) of Kendujhar district . Being a perennial source of water , a dam has constructed on the downstream side . It is situated at a distance of 3 kilometers on the downstream of Sanaghagara Waterfall .
The falls
It is a perennial waterfall . The Machha Kandana , a small river , plunges from a height of in a single drop .
See also
List of waterfalls in India
List of waterfalls in India by height
References
Badaghagara Waterfall of Odisha
External links
Official page of Kendujhar district
Waterfalls of Odisha
Chrysoclystis perornata is a moth in the family Geometridae . It is found in New Guinea .
References
Moths described in 1896
Eupitheciini
Mandailing or Mandailing Batak is an Austronesian language spoken in Indonesia , the northern island of Sumatra . It is spoken mainly in Mandailing Natal Regency , North Padang Lawas Regency , Padang Lawas Regency , and eastern parts of Labuhan Batu Regency , North Labuhan Batu Regency , South Labuhan Batu Regency and northwestern parts of Riau Province . It is written using the Latin script but historically used Batak script .
Literature
Classical
Mandailing literary art is transmitted through a distinctive tradition , for example through the following media :
Marturi Tradition tells the story in the social context Mandailing is done verbally . Stories are transmitted from generation to generation . The plot uses advanced grooves and a lot of content about manners .
Ende Ungut-Ungut Distinguished Differentiated on the theme . Ende is an expression of the heart , a change due to various things , such as the misery of life due to death , abandonment , and others . It also contains knowledge , advice , moral teachings , kinship system , and so on . Ende laments use the pattern of rhymes with ab-ab or aa-aa . Attachments usually use a lot of plant names , because the language leaves .
Example :
Colonial period
Some of the literary milestones that developed in the colonial period include :
Willem Iskander ( 1840-1876 ) wrote the book
`` Hendrik Nadenggan Roa , Sada Boekoe Basaon ni Dakdanak '' ( Translations ) . Padang : Van Zadelhoff and Fabritius ( 1865 ) .
`` Leesboek van W.C. Thurn in het Mandhelingsch Vertaald . `` Batavia : Landsdrukkerij ( 1871 ) .
`` Si Bulus-bulus Si Rumbuk-rumbuk '' ( 1872 ) .
`` Taringot ragam ni Parbinotoan dohot Sinaloan ni Alak Eropa . '' This text is adapted from the book `` The Story of the Science of the White Persons '' written by Abdullah Munsyi , a Malay linguist and linguist ( 1873 ) .
Soetan Martua Raja ( Siregar ) . He was born from an aristocratic family in Bagas Lombang Sipirok , an educated HIS , an elite school in Pematang Siantar . His work is :
`` Hamajuon '' ( Elementary School Reading Material ) .
`` Doea Sadjoli : Boekoe Siseon ni Dakdanak di Sikola . '' ( 1917 ) . This book raises the critique of children 's thinking . Written in Latin script ( Soerat Oelando ) which is relatively developed secular pedagogy . This book adopts a poda , a kind of storyteller that contains advice , moral teaching in the context of children 's thinking level .
`` Ranto Omas '' ( Golden Chain ) , 1918 .
Soetan Hasoendoetan ( Sipahutar ) , novelist and journalist . His works :
Turi-Turian ( story tells , tells the relationship of interaction between man and the ruler of the sky ) .
`` Sitti Djaoerah : Padan Djandji na Togoe . '' ( 1927-1929 ) , an Angkola Mandailing-language series which is chained in 457 pages . The series is published in the weekly `` Pustaha '' published in Sibolga . This story is believed to be the reason readers buy the newspaper . The series adopts epic tales , turi-turian , and various social terminology of Angkola-Mandailing society and is written in novel style . This is in line with the development of Malay-language novels published by the colonial government . In the history of Indonesian literature , this period is known as the Angkatan Balai Pustaka or Angkatan 20 's . Soetan Hasundutan said that he wrote the novel because it was inspired by the novel `` Siti Nurbaja '' ( Marah Rusli , 1922 ) which was very popular at that time .
`` Datoek Toengkoe Adji Malim Leman . '' ( 1941 ) , published by Sjarief , Pematang Siantar .
Mangaradja Goenoeng Sorik Marapi , wrote the book “ Turian-turian ni Raja Gorga di Langit dohot Raja Suasa di Portibi. ” This book is published Pustaka Murni , Pematang Siantar titled 1914 .
Sutan Pangurabaan . His work , `` Ampang Limo Bapole . '' ( 1930 ) , `` Parkalaan Tondoeng '' ( 1937 ) , `` Parpadanan '' ( 1930 ) , and a Malay book `` Mentjapai Doenia Baroe '' ( 1934 ) . In addition to books written by Willem Iskander , his books also became a reading book for colonial school .
Soetan Habiaran Siregar explores the languages , dances , and songs that come from Angkola-Mandailing . He writes several royalties , among others : : “ Turi-turian ni Tunggal Panaluan ” , “ Panangkok Saring-Saring tu Tambak na Timbo ” ( 1983 ) , and others . In addition , he also made a composition of songs made using the composition of cha-cha rhythmic beat .
In addition to Mandailing Angkola 's literary language , it is important to note the growth of Malay-language Indonesian literature but by adopting local color . For example the novel `` Azab dan Sengsara '' ( 1921 ) written by Merari Siregar . This novel lifts contextual customs and cultures such as forced marriage , inheritance , kinship relations , and the local traditions of Mandailing-Angkola .
Contemporary
Contemporary Mandailing literature is no longer developed since pre-independence , as the changing national education curriculum using the National language by itself erodes the use of Mandailing languages .
Entertainment
Literature in lyrics and musical drama Mandailing language include :
The musical drama of the 1970s in a tape cassette recorder .
Drama `` Sampuraga namaila marina '' .
Mandailing song album in vcd fragment of early period .
Album of Tapsel , Madina , Palas and Paluta .
Variety
Pangaduan Lubis proposes that Mandailing has five registers , each having a distinct vocabulary :
Hata somal is the variety of language that is used in everyday life .
Hata andung is a form of literary language used in the tradition of mangandung ( wailing ) at traditional ceremonies of marriage or death .
Hata teas dohot jampolak is the kind of language used in quarrels or berate .
Hata si baso is a variety of language used specifically by the baso ( figure shaman ) or datu .
Hata parkapur is the kind of language that Mandailing people used in the past when they searched for camphor .
Examples of vocabulary :
In the past Mandailing people also had a particular communication tool or kind of language called Hata bulung-bulung ( foliage language ) . This language is not a symbol of sound but uses the leaves of plants as a symbol .
Numbers
Question
Sources
Adelaar , Alexander , The Austronesian Languages of Asia and Madagascar : A Historical Perspective , The Austronesian Languages of Asia and Madagascar , pp . 1–42 , Routledge Language Family Series , Londres : Routledge , 2005 ,
Siregar , Ahmad Samin , Kamus Bahasa Angkola/Mandailing Indonesia , Jakarta : Pusat Pembinaan Dan Pengembangan Bahasa , Departemen Pendidikan Dan Kebudayaan , 1977 .
References
External links
Kamus Mandailing
Batak languages
Languages of Indonesia
was legislated in the Diet of Japan by Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe on 24 March 1938 to put the national economy of the Empire of Japan on war-time footing after the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War .
The National Mobilization Law had fifty clauses , which provided for government controls over civilian organizations ( including labor unions ) , nationalization of strategic industries , price controls and rationing , and nationalized the news media . The laws gave the government the authority to use unlimited budgets to subsidize war production , and to compensate manufacturers for losses caused by war-time mobilization . Eighteen of the fifty articles outlined penalties for violators .
The law was attacked as unconstitutional when introduced to the Diet in January 1938 , but was passed due to strong pressure from the military and took effect from May 1938 . It was abolished on 20 December 1945 by the American occupation authorities after the surrender of Japan .
The was a supplemental law promulgated by Prime Minister Konoe as part of the National Mobilization Law . It empowered the government to draft civilian workers to ensure an adequate supply of labor in strategic war industries , with exceptions allowed only in the case of the physically handicapped or mentally handicapped .
The program was organized under the Ministry of Welfare , and at its peak 1,600,000 men and women were drafted , and 4,500,000 workers were reclassified as draftees ( and thus were unable to quit their jobs ) . The Ordinance was superseded by the National Labor Service Mobilization Law in March 1945 , which was in turn abolished on 20 December 1945 by the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers after the surrender of Japan .
See also
National Spiritual Mobilization Movement
Notes
References
1938 in Japan
Japan in World War II
Politics of the Empire of Japan
Price controls
1938 in law
Regulation in Japan
Siedliszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 360 .
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Malek Theatre , also known as The Malek , is an Art Deco theatre in downtown Independence , Iowa that was built in 1947 . It replaced the Grand Theatre , which had burned on March 3 , 1945 . It was designed by Wetherell & Harrison for Bob C. Malek and was intended to be fireproof . It has a steel truss roof . A stepped tower at the front is made with structural glass and glass blocks . As of 2009 the interior was mostly original , with Art Deco style light fixtures and coved ceilings . Artist Merle Reed , of California , hand-painted its interior designs in 1945 .
In 1982 the theatre was split in two , and in 2002 the dividing wall was removed .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .
The theatre was deemed historically significant `` as an excellent example of an Art Deco style theater that has a high degree of integrity on the exterior and interior , designed by Des Moines architectural firm of Wetherell & Harrison . '' It is one of just two Art Deco buildings in Independence . The other is the Buchanan County Courthouse , which was built with Public Works Administration labor also in the 1930s . `` The exterior of the theater exhibits characteristics of the Art Deco style including a central stepped tower , smooth finished surfaces of Glastone , and curved walls of Glastone and glass block . The interior has a high degree of integrity with Art Deco features such as curved walls , coved ceilings backlit with neon , bent neon fixtures , stylized floral motifs , and decorative metal light fixtures . The theater retains its integrity of design , workmanship , materials , feeling , association , location , and setting . ''
In 2009 many of the paintings had been restored or repainted . In 2009 , plans included replacing a pair of tall columns that were on the sides of the stage , using blueprints obtained from Wetherell Ericsson Architects in Des Moines , Iowa .
The Malek theatre opened in 1946 on land previously occupied by The Grand theatre , which was located in the south part of the Hotel Gedney block built during the town 's horse-racing heyday . The hotel block and its attached theater burned to the ground in 1945 and the theatre 's owner , Bohumil `` Bob '' Malek , a well-regarded local businessman , decided to build a new venue and appropriately named it The Malek Theatre . The new theatre was the patron 's dream for that era , containing two rooms for private viewings , each with doors and thick paned glass to eliminate sound in or out . One of these rooms was called `` the crying room '' , designed for parents who did n't want their fussy child to interrupt the movie for other patrons .
The building measures and is 42 feet high . The exterior is built of Lannon stone , vitreolite and glass block . It is 100 % fireproof and is equipped with the latest equipment and fixtures ( 1946 quote ) . The theater cost $ 140,000 to build , and it took a year to complete .
In 1985 , the then-managers decided that patronage could be improved if the theatre was split into a 300-seat twinned theatre instead of the original 862-seat undivided auditorium . Despite the investment , the newly-split theatre closed soon after .
As of January 2014 , the theatre remained closed , its exterior slowly succumbing to petty vandalism and the inhospitable climate of northeast Iowa .
References
Art Deco architecture in Iowa
Theatres completed in 1947
Independence , Iowa
Buildings and structures in Buchanan County , Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Buchanan County , Iowa
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1947 establishments in Iowa
Wilford Rex Black ( January 31 , 1920 – December 12 , 2012 ) was an American politician .
Biography
Wilford Rex Black represented the 2nd Utah Senate District from 1973 to 1997 . W. Rex Black , as he was often referred to , was a member of the Democratic party and represented the party as the Minority leader in the Utah Senate for many years .
Notes
1920 births
2012 deaths
Utah Democrats
Utah state senators
Major Frank Widenham Goodden ( 3 October 1889 – 28 January 1917 ) was a pioneering British aviator who served as chief test pilot for the Royal Aircraft Factory during the First World War .
Early life and pre-war flying career
Goodden was born in Pembroke , the second son of Harry Francis Goodden , a photographer from Eastbourne , and his wife , Emma Margaret Gould .
He left school aged 16 and worked in engineering for three years before joining the balloon manufacturing company C. G. Spencer and Sons in 1908 . The following year he made his first balloon flight , before giving exhibition flights in towns across Britain . Goodden left Spencers in October 1910 to be the engineer for Ernest Willows in his Airship No . 3 `` City of Cardiff '' on a flight between London and Paris . The airship took off from Wormwood Scrubbs mid-afternoon on 4 November , taking three hours to reach the English coast and another two to cross the Channel . After night fell , cloud and fog meant they became lost over France , eventually setting down at Corbehem near Douai . Louis Breguet drove from his flying ground at La Brayelle nearby , to offer assistance in making repairs . Willows intended to continue the flight to the aerodrome at Issy in Paris the next day , but the weather deteriorated , and instead he packed up the airship and had it transported there by train . They stayed in Paris for several weeks , celebrating the New Year by making several circuits around the Eiffel Tower .
Goodden returned to England in January 1911 and settled in Oxford , making several balloon flights and a number of parachute descents , before turning to heavier-than-air flying machines . Using a 35 h.p . J.A.P . engine recovered from a crashed aircraft he built his own monoplane in 1912 , making several flights until lack of money obliged him to take a position as a flying instructor at the Caudron School at Hendon Aerodrome . He was granted Royal Aero Club Aviators ' Certificate No . 506 on 3 June 1913 after soloing a Caudron bi-plane at the W. H. Ewen School at Hendon , where he then became an instructor , and was a regular participant in the popular air shows , demonstrations and races of the time .
On 30 April 1914 at the first night-flying demonstration at Hendon , he became the first pilot to loop the loop in the dark . Flying a 60 h.p . Anzani-powered Caudron fitted with additional lights , Goodden took off just after 9 p.m. , climbing to about and executing three loops , before descending in banked spirals , to land after 25 minutes to receive an ovation and many congratulations . He was also the pilot when William Newell became the first British man to make a parachute jump from a powered aircraft at Hendon on 9 May 1914 .
Goodden was entered into the Daily Mail Aerial Derby in a Morane-Saulnier H aircraft , scheduled to take place on Saturday 23 May 1914 . However after several weeks of fine weather , a storm broke over London on the Friday night , and the following day was very unsettled and misty , and altogether unfavourable for a cross-country race . It may have also been responsible for the loss of Gustav Hamel , who took off from Paris early that morning in a new 100 h.p . Morane-Saulnier aircraft to take part , but was lost over the English Channel . After several test flights the contest was postponed until 6 June , but a speed race of four laps of the aerodrome was organized in which Goodden came fifth . The fashionable crowd of spectators included Lady Diana Manners , Lord and Lady Curzon , Lord Herbert Vane Tempest , Prince Lichnowsky , the Bishop of Glasgow , Guglielmo Marconi , and Captain Thomas S. Baldwin . On the Sunday around thirty exhibition flights were made , about half of which also took passengers , including Enrico Caruso , who flew with Claude Grahame-White .
The following weekend , on 30 May 1914 , Goodden took part in Eighth London Aviation Meeting at Hendon , giving a flying display in his Morane-Saulnier , looping the loop three times at an altitude of about . He then competed in the first heat of Daily Telegraph Cup , but his aircraft crashed on take-off hitting some enclosure railings and overturning , leaving him strapped upside down in the cockpit , fortunately unhurt .
World War I
Goodden joined the staff of the Royal Aircraft Factory at Farnborough as a civilian test pilot on 7 August 1914 , immediately after the declaration of war . He made the first flights of several aircraft , including the F.E.6 ( 14 November 1914 ) , F.E.2a ( 26 January 1915 ) , S.E.4 ( 25 June 1915 ) , B.E.9 ( 14 August 1915 ) , and F.E.8 ( 15 October 1915 ) . Over time responsibility for test flying was taken over by the Aeronautical Inspection Department , and Goodden 's duties became more experimental , and in January 1916 he was appointed head of the Experimental Flying Department .
While remaining attached to the Royal Aircraft Factory Goodden was commissioned as a second lieutenant ( on probation ) in the Royal Flying Corps on 13 February 1915 , and appointed a flying officer the same day . He was confirmed in his rank on 5 March . On 15 February 1916 Goodden , now a lieutenant , was appointed a flight commander with the acting rank of captain , and on 23 October 1916 he was appointed a squadron commander with the acting rank of major .
On 12 July 1915 Goodden was injured in a serious accident in a B.E.2c at RFC Shoreham , in which his passenger , Henry D. Liley , a Royal Aircraft Factory civilian tester , was killed and the aircraft written off . This accident was witnessed by Duncan Grinnell-Milne , then a trainee who had not yet flown . Grinnell-Milne attributes the accident to Goodden attempting to turn the aircraft to return to the airfield , but Goodden 's written statement to the inquest stated that ' a gust of wind lifted his right plane and , finding it impossible to right this tendency , he decided on a left turn , which entailed flying down into the wind ' , leading to the crash .
In the late summer of 1916 , reports had filtered back to the Factory that the F.E.8 was involved in a series of spinning accidents and that the type was acquiring a reputation as a dangerous aircraft . To disprove this , Goodden deliberately spun an F.E.8 three times in both directions from an altitude of no more than and recovered by applying what has since become the customary control inputs .
Death
On 28 January 1917 , Goodden was killed in a crash at Farnborough while flying one of the first prototypes of the S.E.5 , which he had designed with Henry Folland and John Kenworthy . At the inquest on 30 January a witness described how Goodden 's aircraft was seen to be making a slow turn when the wings on the left side appeared to collapse , the aircraft side-slipped , and then nose-dived vertically to the ground with the wings folded up . The coroner returned a verdict of Accidental Death . An inspection discovered that the wings had suffered failure in downward torsion . Plywood webs were then added to the compression ribs , curing the problem , and were standardized on all later S.E.5s and S.E.5as .
Goodden 's funeral took place on 1 February 1917 , and the service was attended by many military officers , men from the Royal Aircraft Factory , representatives from numerous aerodromes , public bodies and the leading aircraft companies . The funeral procession was more than half a mile long . Goodden was buried with full military honours with a firing party from the RFC . He is buried in Grave AG . 362 at the Aldershot Military Cemetery .
See also
List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft before 1925
List of pilots awarded an Aviator 's Certificate by the Royal Aero Club in 1913
References
Notes
Bibliography
1889 births
1917 deaths
People from Pembroke , Pembrokeshire
Welsh test pilots
Royal Flying Corps officers
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in England
Burials at Aldershot Military Cemetery
British Army personnel of World War I
Niyaz ( ) is an Iranian Canadian musical duo . The group was created in 2004 by DJ , programmer/producer and remixer Carmen Rizzo , vocalist and hammered dulcimer player Azam Ali , formerly of the group Vas , and Ali 's husband , Loga Ramin Torkian , of the Iranian crossover group Axiom Of Choice . In 2013 , Carmen Rizzo announced via Facebook that he was retiring from Niyaz . `` Niyaz '' means `` yearning '' in Persian , Urdu and Turkish .
Niyaz 's music , described as `` mystical music with a modern edge '' , is primarily a blend of Sufi mysticism and trance electronica . Niyaz adapts Persian , Indian and Mediterranean folk sounds , poetry and songs including the poetry of Sufi mystic Rumi , with Western electronic instrumentation and programming .
Their self-titled debut album , released in 2005 , combined 13th century Sufi and Urdu poetry with `` swirling , hypnotic beats '' . Their 2008 follow-up album , Nine Heavens , featured two discs ; the second disc contained acoustic renditions of the tracks on the first disc .
Their third album , Sumud ( صمود ) , released in spring 2012 . A companion piece to the album , an acoustic EP with six songs , was released 19 March 2013 .
Lyrical sources
Though they have several songs with original lyrics , the bulk of their lyrics are derived from Persian and Urdu Sufi poetry by the likes of Rumi , Obeyd-e Zakani , Amir Khusrow and Khaju-ye Kermani , and folk songs from Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan and other parts of the Middle East and central Asia .
The lyrics of their first two albums are almost exclusively in Persian and Urdu , with the exception of a Turkish song on Nine Heavens , but their third album , Sumud featured mostly Persian songs with two songs in Turkish and one each in Palestinian Arabic and the Kurmanji dialect of Kurdish .
Discography
Albums
Niyaz ( 2005 )
Nine Heavens ( 2008 )
Sumud ( 2012 )
Sumud Acoustic EP ( 2013 )
The Fourth Light ( 2015 )
References
External links
Iranian musical groups
Performers of Sufi music
American world music groups
Musical groups established in 2005
Six Degrees Records artists
Imma thymora is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906 . It is found in Tefé , Brazil .
The wingspan is 21–22 mm . The forewings are dark brown , slightly reddish tinged , strewn with small irregular ill-defined whitish-ochreous spots , nearly obsolete on the apical area beyond an irregular angulated series from the costa beyond the middle to the dorsum before the tornus . There is a terminal series of pale dots . The hindwings are dark fuscous .
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of South America
Andreas Dresen ( born 16 August 1963 ) is a German film director . His directing credits include Cloud 9 , Summer in Berlin , Grill Point and Night Shapes . His film Stopped on Track premiered at the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival , where it won the Prize of Un Certain Regard . Dresen is known for his realistic style , which gives his films a semi-documentary feel . He works very teamoriented and heavily uses improvisation . In 2013 he was a member of the jury at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival .
Early life and education
Dresen was born in Gera .
From 1984-85 Dresen worked as a sound engineer for the Schwerin Theatre . From 1984-1986 he was a trainee at East Germany 's DEFA Studio for Feature Films as an assistant director to Günter Reisch . Between 1989-91 he studied directing at the Konrad Wolf College of Film and Television in Potsdam-Babelsberg and was a Master student in Günter Reisch 's class at the Berlin Art Academy .
Career
Starting in 1985 , Dresen directed several short films , documentaries , and films for television , and wrote screenplays .
Filmography
1990 : ( TV film ) — ( based on a story by Jurek Becker )
1992 :
1994 : Mein unbekannter Ehemann ( TV film )
1994 : Das andere Leben des Herrn Kreins ( TV film ) — ( based on the play The Professional by Dušan Kovačević )
1996 : Polizeiruf 110 : Der Tausch ( TV series episode )
1997 : ( TV film )
1999 : Nightshapes
2000 : ( TV film ) — ( based on a novel by )
2002 : Grill Point ( Halbe Treppe )
2005 : — ( based on a novel by Christoph Hein )
2005 : Summer in Berlin — ( screenplay by Wolfgang Kohlhaase )
2008 : Cloud 9
2009 : — ( screenplay by Wolfgang Kohlhaase )
2011 : Stopped on Track
2015 : As We Were Dreaming — ( based on a novel by Clemens Meyer )
2017 : — ( based on the novel Timm Thaler by James Krüss )
2018 : Gundermann
2022 : Rabiye Kurnaz vs. George W. Bush
Documentaries
1989 : Jenseits von Klein Wanzleben
1994 : Kuckuckskinder
2003 : –
2010 : 20 x Brandenburg ( TV )
2012 : Herr Wichmann aus der dritten Reihe
Awards
German Awards
German Film Critics Association Awards
o 1999 : Best feature film for Night Shapes
o 2003 : Best feature film for Grill Point
Bavarian Film Award
o 2003 : Director 's Award for Grill Point
o 2006 : Director 's Award for Summer in Berlin
Hessian Film Award
o 1992 : for Stilles Land
Grimme-Award
o 2001 : Adolf-Grimme-Award in Gold for Policewoman
o 2011 : Grimme-Award , Section Information and Kultur , for the artistic direction of 20 x Brandenburg
Fernsehfilm-Festival Baden-Baden
o 2000 : Hauptpreis für Policewoman
German Film Award
o 1999 : Nominated for the Film Award in Gold for Extraordinary Achievements in Directing for Night Shapes
o 2002 : Film Award in Silber for Grill Point
o 2002 : Nominated for the Film Award for Extraordinary Achievements in Directing for Grill Point
o 2009 : Best Director for Cloud 9
German Television Award
o 2001 : Award for best Director for Policewoman
Internationales Filmfest Emden Aurich Norderney
o 1999 : Nominated for the Film Award for Night Shapes
1992 : German Film Critics Award
2007 : Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
2011 : Douglas-Sirk-Award of the Filmfest Hamburg
International Awards
International Children 's and Youth Filmfestival
o 1998 : Lucas for the age group 12- and 13 for Raus aus der Haut
Max-Ophüls-Award
o 1995 : Sponsorship Award for Feature Film for Mein unbekannter Ehemann
International Filmfestival Berlin
o 1999 : Nominated for the Golden Bear for Night Shapes
o 2002 : Silver Bear of the jury for Grill Point
Montréal Film Festival
o 2000 : Nominated for the Grand Prix for Policewoman
International Filmfestival Flandern
o 2002 : Silver Spur for Grill Point
Chicago International Film Festival
o 2002 : Silver Hugo – Best Director for Grill Point
European Film Award
o 2002 : Nominated for Best Director for Grill Point
o 2008 : Nominated for Best Director for Cloud 9
International Film Festival of Cannes
o 2008 : Coup de coeur du jury for Grill Point
o 2011 : Prix Un Certain Regard for Stopped on Track
International Filmfestival Karlovy Vary
o 2009 : Best Director for Whiskey with Vodka
References
External links
Interview with Andreas Dresen by Ulrich Bach & Enrique Gonzales-Conti
1963 births
Living people
People from Gera
Film directors from Thuringia
Members of the Academy of Arts , Berlin
Best Director German Film Award winners
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
The Bedford Public Library in Bedford , Iowa , was built in 1916 . It was designed by Wetherell & Gage with Colonial Revival and Renaissance Revival features . The Carnegie Corporation of New York had accepted Bedford 's application for a grant for $ 10,000 on April 8 , 1907 . The library is a brick , side gable structure with a projecting entrance on the long side of the building . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
References
Library buildings completed in 1916
Carnegie libraries in Iowa
Renaissance Revival architecture in Iowa
Colonial Revival architecture in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Taylor County , Iowa
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Taylor County , Iowa
Nicolas Fritsch ( born 19 December 1978 in Paris ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer . He is a nephew of former professional cyclist Pierre Tosi .
Major results
2003
1st , Tour du Finistère
1st , Stage 3 , Paris–Corrèze
2007
1st , Overall Circuit de Saône-et-Loire
1st , Stage 1 , Ronde de l'Oise
External links
French male cyclists
1978 births
Living people
Cyclists from Paris
KTMP ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format . Licensed to Heber City , Utah , United States , the station is currently owned by Doug and Marianne Barton , through licensee Sanpete County Broadcasting Co .
History
The station was assigned the call letters KLVR on July 27 , 1981 . On May 16 , 1986 , the station changed its call sign to the current KTMP .
References
External links
TMP
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1981
1981 establishments in Utah
Caroline Lowder Downing was a British suffragette who in 1912 was imprisoned and awarded a Women 's Social and Political Union Hunger Strike Medal `` for Valour '' . She was a sister of the artist and suffragette Edith Downing .
Life and activism
Born to a coal merchant and shipping agent , Edward Downing , and one of four siblings , Caroline Lowder Downing trained as a nurse , and in 1908 joined the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) Chelsea Branch , with her sister Edith Elizabeth Downing , an artist . They both became militant suffragettes .
Downing took part in the window smashing on 1 March 1912 , causing £50 of damage . She was imprisoned in Winson Green Prison , Birmingham , where she went on hunger strike and was force-fed . Describing experiences of fellow sufferers of that painful treatment , Downing 's activism and its resultant convictions were also duly reported in the WSPU newspaper Votes for Women , for example :
On 28 November 1911 :
'Miss Caroline Downing was charged with trying to break through the police cordon at Palace Yard . She said that it was a purely political action , in face of Mr. Asquith 's broken pledge and the insult he put upon women by bringing in a Manhood Suffrage Bill in response to women 's demand . She said next time she would do worse . Magistrate : “ I hope not. ” ( Fined 10s. , or 7 days ) ' .
On 7 March 1912 : 'On Thursday afternoon Miss Caroline Downing was recalled and charged with breaking windows value £50 at 221 , Regent Street . She said it was part of a political protest for a purely political motive for gaining votes for women ; this violence was as repellant to them as to the Government , but they were compelled to take these methods . As soon as the vote was granted this violence would cease automatically . She was committed to take her trial on the 20th , refusing bail . '
On 5 July 1912 : under the heading ‘ Forcible Feeding – A Danger And An Outrage '' Caroline Downing entered the debate with the following statement : ‘ I should like definitely to deny the statement that has been made in the House of Commons and elsewhere that forcible feeding by tube is only painful when the victim struggles . Mrs. Bowen , with whom I was in constant companionship during the whole of the time ( both hunger strikes ) , suffered greatly both from the pain in the nostrils and throat and in the stomach , though she was quite passive . Miss Farmer , another passive victim ( splendidly brave ) , also suffered a very great deal . The underground cells are dreadfully cold and damp , so cold that I have scarcely ever been really warm all these months . I have worn winter things and furs and shawl up to Saturday , and till the last ten days have had broken chilblains on my hands . Mrs. Bowen and I could not sleep from cold and aching limbs and back . Water spilt on the stone floor did not dry for hours , though wiped up . Mildew is on the walls of my cell . To sleep on a plank bed four inches from such a floor is to court disease . For the last sixteen days we were given proper bedsteads in response to our complaints . ' Downing was awarded a Hunger Strike Medal , dated 1 March 1912 , 'for Valour ' , which was exhibited in the 'Women 's Place in Parliament Exhibition at the Palace of Westminster during the centenary year after ( some ) women were given the right to vote in British elections . An image of the medal was released on social media on 15 October 2015 and 5 February 2018 . The dedication on the inside of the original presentation box said : 'Presented to Caroline Lowder Downing by the Women 's Social and Political Union in recognition of a gallant action , whereby through endurance to the last extremity of hunger and hardship , a great principle of political justice was vindicated . 'Caroline Lowder Downing 's Hunger Strike Medal is held in the UK Parliamentary Art Collection ( WOA S748 ) .
Caroline Downing stood for election in 1907 as a Lewisham Poor Law Guardian for the Forest Hill Ward as a Progressive Candidate . In total there appear to have been 10 women candidates standing for election ( for different political groups ) to the Guardians , of whom two ( not including Caroline ) were elected .
References
Women 's Social and Political Union
Hunger strikers
Force-feeding
Hunger Strike Medal recipients
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
The Langkloof is a 160 km long valley in South Africa , lying between Herold , a small village northeast of George , and The Heights - just beyond Twee Riviere .
History
The kloof was given its name by Isaq Schrijver in 1689 , and more thoroughly explored by a later expedition under ensign August Frederik Beutler in 1752 .
The valley has been farmed since 1760 and developed into an important fruit-growing region during the 1900s , specifically prized for its apples and pears .
Joubertina is the largest but also the youngest town in the Langkloof , and was founded in 1907 as a Dutch-Reformed community , named in honour of the Rev . W.A . Joubert of Uniondale . The reverend prohibited the sale of alcohol in the town , a ban which was never lifted but is nonetheless no longer enforced .
The Langkloof is also home to early Bushman paintings and the Kouga mummy — the only mummy ever found in Southern Africa from a cave in the Baviaanskloof Wilderness Area . The remarkably well-preserved mummy is relatively young - estimated to be buried approximately 1930 years ago . These buried human remains were found wrapped in Boophone disticha bulb tunics , appeared to be of the Khoi people , and was subsequently transferred to the Albany Museum in Grahamstown .
Geography
On its north side the Langkloof is bounded by the Kammanassie and Kouga Mountains , and on its south by the Langkloof , Tsitsikamma and Kareedouw Mountains . A low range of hills running parallel to the Langkloof and lying inside it , divides the kloof into northern and southern sections . The southern section is called the Klein Langkloof and is a prominent apple-growing area . The valley is crossed by numerous streams that arise in the Tsitsikamma Mountains before flowing inland to join the Kammanassie and Kouga Rivers . The road down the Kloof passes through the hamlets and towns of Herold , Avontuur , Haarlem , Misgund , Louterwater , Krakeel , Joubertina and Twee Riviere .
Transport
The R62 road runs the length of the valley , connecting the N2 road near Humansdorp with the N9 road near Uniondale . The Avontuur narrow-gauge railway follows the same route Port Elizabeth to Avontuur .
See also
Andrew Geddes Bain
Baviaanskloof River
South African Class 91-000
References
Valleys of South Africa
The Hartford Hawks are the NCAA Division I athletic teams of the University of Hartford , located in West Hartford , Connecticut . A member of the America East Conference , Hartford sponsors teams in eight men 's and nine women 's NCAA sanctioned sports . The men 's and women 's tennis teams were discontinued at the end of the 2016 season , and women 's lacrosse was added .
Overview
On May 6 , 2021 , the University of Hartford Board of Regents voted to drop its athletic department to Division III . This plan will start with the university 's formal application to the NCAA for reclassification in January 2022 . Starting in 2022–23 , Hartford would no longer award athletic scholarships to incoming students , and begin playing as a Division I independent . In 2023–24 , the school plans to become a provisional member of a Division III conference , and transition all remaining student-athletes off athletic aid by the end of that school year . It was later announced on June 21 , 2022 that the Hawks would be joining the Commonwealth Coast Conference . Hartford would become a full D-III member on September 1 , 2025 .
Sports sponsored
Men 's golf
Women 's golf
Men 's soccer
Women 's soccer
Volleyball
Discontinued sports
Men 's tennis
Athletic facilities
Academics
From Hartford 's athletic website : `` Hartford , which has posted a combined GPA of 3.0 or higher in each of the last 15 semesters , saw an average of 70 percent of its student-athletes record a 3.0 in one or both semesters last year . In addition , 43 percent of Hawk student-athletes notched at least a 3.5 while five percent registered perfect 4.0 GPA 's for the 2012–13 academic year . '' `` The University of Hartford clinched its second-straight America East Academic Cup in 2012–13 after posting the highest grade-point average of any school in the 18-year history of the award . Compiling a 3.24 GPA in 2012–13 , the Hawks won their third Academic Cup all-time . ''
Mascot and nickname
From Hartford 's athletic website : `` Howie is well known among the University of Hartford community and fans , and has been known for his on court antics during basketball games . The current version of Howie the Hawk began its tenure during the winter of 2008–09 . '' `` The nickname originated in the late 1940s when the school competed as Hillyer College . It is believed that the nickname stemmed from spectators having to climb four flights of stairs in the old Chauncey Harris School on Hudson Street in Hartford to the `` Hawk 's Nest '' to watch basketball and wrestling events . ''
Notable Hawks
Jeff Bagwell – Former Hartford third baseman ( 1987–89 ) . 2x All-American ( 1988 , 1989 ) , 2x Eastern College Athletic Conference ( ECAC ) Player of the Year ( 1988 , 1989 ) . Hartford 's all-time leader in batting average and slugging percentage . Selected as the 110th overall pick in the 4th round of the 1989 MLB draft by the Boston Red Sox ( 1989–90 ) . Traded to the Houston Astros ( 1990–2005 ) on August 30 , 1990 . NL MVP ( 1994 ) , 4x MLB All-Star ( 1994 , 1996 , 1997 , 1999 ) , NL Rookie of the Year ( 1991 ) , Gold Glove Award ( 1994 ) , 3x Silver Slugger ( 1994 , 1997 , 1999 ) . Former Houston Astros hitting coach ( 2010 ) , Major League Baseball Hall of Fame , Cooperstown , NY , inducted ( 2017 ) .
Vin Baker — Former Hartford center ( 1989–93 ) . North Atlantic Conference ( NAC ) Player of the Year ( 1992–93 ) . Hartford 's all-time leading scorer . Selected as the 8th overall pick in the 1st round of the 1993 NBA draft by the Milwaukee Bucks ( 1993–97 ) . Seattle SuperSonics ( 1997–02 ) , Boston Celtics ( 2002–04 ) , New York Knicks ( 2004–05 ) , Houston Rockets ( 2005 ) , Los Angeles Clippers ( 2006 ) , Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2006 ) . 4x NBA All-Star ( 1994–95 , 1995–96 , 1996–97 , 1997–98 ) . All-NBA Second Team ( 1997–98 ) . All-NBA Third Team ( 1996–97 ) . NBA All-Rookie First Team ( 1993–94 ) .
Jerry Kelly
Tracey Kelusky
Tim Petrovic
Patrick Sheehan
Saralyn Smith
Earl Snyder — Former Hartford first/third baseman ( 1995–98 ) . Hartford 's all-time leader in hits , runs , home runs , runs batted in ( RBIs ) , and total bases .
Sean Newcomb — Former Hartford starting pitcher ( 2012–14 ) . Baseball America All-American Third Team ( 2014 ) , ABCA All-American Second Team ( 2014 ) , Perfect Game All-American Second Team ( 2014 ) . ABCA All-Northeast Region First Team ( 2014 ) . America East Pitcher of the Year ( 2014 ) . Selected 15th overall in the 1st round of the 2014 Major League Baseball draft by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim ( 2014–present ) .
Athletic directors
Peter A. LoMaglio
Gordon McCullough ( 1974-1986 )
Pat Meiser ( 1993–2014 )
Anton Goff ( 2014–2016 )
Mary Ellen Gillespie ( 2017–2019 )
Maria Feeley ( interim ) ( 2019–2021 )
Dr. Sharon Beverly ( 2021–present )
Notes
References
External links
Vorgrimler is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Herbert Vorgrimler ( 1929–2014 ) , German Roman Catholic theologian and writer
Ludwig Vorgrimler ( 1912–1983 ) , German firearm designer
German-language surnames
Surnames of German origin
Zuhal Demir ( born 2 March 1980 in Genk ) is a Belgian lawyer and politician affiliated to the N-VA. Demir was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010 . She is currently the Flemish minister for Justice and Enforcement , Environment , Energy and Tourism . Previously she served as Secretary of State for Poverty Reduction in the Belgian Government ( 2017-2018 ) .
She is the daughter of Alevi Kurdish parents from Turkey and lives in Antwerp . She studied law at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in 1998–2003 , and went on in 2003–2004 with a Master in Social Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel . Since 2004 , she has worked as a lawyer for an international law firm .
From January 2013 until the end of 2015 , she was the mayor of the district of Antwerp . In early 2016 , she moved to Genk .
In February 2017 , she succeeded Elke Sleurs as Secretary of State for Poverty Reduction , Equal Opportunities , People with Disabilities , Urban Policy and Scientific Policy . She has also chaired the Flemish government 's integration strategy .
Demir has been given the nickname 'Iron Lady ' , partly because demir is the Turkish word for iron , and partly due to her advocacy for limiting the duration of unemployment benefits to encourage people back to work .
In 2017 , she was accused by the Turkish press of supporting terrorism and of being a member of the banned Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) .
Demir has received death threats as a result of her opposition to Turkey 's treatment of its Kurdish population . In 2017 a man was sentenced to 6 months in prison for making threats against her . On 6 December 2018 , the correctional court of Hasselt sentenced a man from Beringen with a fine of 400 Euros for threatening Zuhal Demir on Facebook . In May 2019 , campaign posters for Demir in Maasmechelen were daubed with graffiti of swastikas and the logo of the extreme-right Turkish nationalist Grey Wolves organization . Demir responded that she would not be `` intimidated '' by the stunt . In November 2020 , Demir received death and rape threats via email after she wrote a Facebook post criticising Diyanet ( Directorate of Religious Affairs ) funding and training of imams in mosques in Belgium . Demir described the Turkish Diyanet directorate as `` Erdoğan 's long arm '' and `` the antennae of the Erdoğan regime . '' Similar threats were also given to Flemish Vlaams Belang politician Chris Janssens . Demir was subsequently given police protection and surveillance at her home .
Notes
External link
Living people
1980 births
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Belgian women lawyers
Belgian people of Kurdish descent
People from Genk
Kurdish Alevis
21st-century Belgian lawyers
Belgian Muslims
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Kurdish politicians
Kurdish women in politics
Belgian deputies of the 57th legislature
The 1937 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning ( now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette ) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1937 college football season . In their first year under head coach Johnny Cain , the team compiled a 4–3–1 record .
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin ' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
Andrea Matteo Palmieri ( 1493–1537 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Biography
Andrea Matteo Palmieri was born in Naples on August 10 , 1493 . He was a cleric in Naples before being elected Archbishop of Averenza and Matera on July 30 , 1518 , with dispensation for not yet having reached the canonical age of 27 .
During the pontificate of Pope Adrian VI , he spent his own money and solicited funds from his friends in the Knights Hospitaller to prepare troops to fight against the Ottoman Empire . However , after the fall of Rhodes ( 1522 ) , this plan had to be abandoned .
Pope Clement VII made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 21 , 1527 . He received the red hat and the titular church of San Clemente at that time .
On August 21 , 1528 , he resigned the administration of Averenza and Matera in favor of his brother Francesco Palmieri . He was the administrator of the see of Sarno from May 24 , 1529 until August 24 , 1530 . From January 9 , 1534 to January 8 , 1535 , he was Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals . He was administrator of the see of Lucera August 20 , 1534 until February 26 , 1535 .
He participated in the papal conclave of 1534 that elected Pope Paul III .
From June 15 , 1535 until July 16 , 1535 , he was administrator of the see of Conza . He was administrator of the see of Policastro from July 5 , 1535 until his death . Shortly before the cardinal 's death , Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor named him governor of Milan .
He died in Rome on January 20 , 1537 . He is buried in Santa Maria del Popolo .
References
1493 births
1537 deaths
16th-century Italian cardinals
15th-century Neapolitan people
Archbishops of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Conza-Nusco-Bisaccia
16th-century Neapolitan people
Niemirów is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec , west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
The settlement has a population of 19 .
The locale 's designation derives from the Slavic given name Niemir .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Volker Markl ( born 1971 ) is a German computer scientist and database systems researcher .
Career
In 1999 , Markl received his PhD in computer science under the direction of Rudolf Bayer at the Technical University of Munich . His doctoral research led to the development of the UB-Tree . From 1997 to 2000 , he was research group leader at FORWISS , the Bavarian research center for knowledge-based systems . From 2001 to 2008 , he was project leader at the IBM Almaden Research Center , Silicon Valley . Since 2008 , he has been full professor and Chair of the Database Systems and Information Management Group at the Technical University of Berlin . Since 2014 , he is head of the Intelligent Analytics for Massive Data Research Department at the German Research Centre for Artificial Intelligence ( DFKI ) , Berlin . From 2014 to 2020 , he was director of the Berlin Big Data Center ( BBDC ) . From 2018 to 2020 , he was co-director of the Berlin Machine Learning Center ( BZML ) . Together with Klaus-Robert Müller he became director of the new Berlin Institute for the Foundations of Learning and Data ( BIFOLD ) , after both BBDC and the BZML merged into BIFOLD in 2020 .
From 2010 through 2019 , he led the DFG funded Stratosphere project , which led to the establishment of Apache Flink . In 2018 , he was elected president of the VLDB Endowment .
Research
Markl 's research interests lie at the intersection of distributed systems , scalable data processing , and machine learning .
Awards and honors
Markl was elected member of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities in 2021 .
His work was honoured with several awards , including :
2021 ICDE Best Paper Award
2021 BTW Best Paper Award
2020 ACM SIGMOD Best Paper Award
2020 ACM Fellow
2019 EDBT Best Paper Award
2017 BTW Best Paper Award
2017 EDBT Best Demonstration Award
2016 ACM SIGMOD Research Highlight Award
2014 VLDB Best Paper Award
2012 IBM Faculty Award
2012 IBM Shared University Research Grant
2010 Hewlett Packard Open Innovation Award
2005 IBM Outstanding Technological Achievement Award
2005 IBM Pat Goldberg Best Paper Award
References
External links
Machine learning researchers
Database researchers
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Technical University of Berlin faculty
German computer scientists
Living people
Technical University of Munich alumni
1971 births
The 1891 Case football team was an American football team that represented the Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland , Ohio , now a part of Case Western Reserve University . The season was the team 's first . Playing as an independent during the 1891 college football season , the team compiled a 1–2 record .
Schedule
References
Case
Case Western Reserve Spartans football seasons
Case football
Insurgentes is a Spanish word meaning insurgents and may refer to :
Avenida de los Insurgentes , the longest avenue in Mexico City
Insurgentes ( album ) , 2008 album by British artist Steven Wilson
Insurgentes ( Mexibús ) , a BRT station in Ecatepec
Insurgentes metro station , subway station in Line 1 , Mexico City
Insurgentes Sur metro station , subway station in Line 12 , Mexico City
Teatro de los Insurgentes , theater in Mexico City
Glorieta de los Insurgentes , a roundabout station in Mexico City
Glorieta de los Insurgentes ( Mexico City Metrobús ) , a BRT station in Mexico City
See also
Insurgent ( disambiguation )
École de Football Yéo Martial , also known as EFYM , is an Ivorian football team in Abidjan , Ivory Coast . They were promoted to the highest level of football in the Ivory Coast , and play their games at 4,000 capacity Parc des Sports de Treichville .
External links
Official Website
Football clubs in Ivory Coast
Football clubs in Abidjan
Association football clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Ivory Coast
Military association football clubs
Personal
Caity Thompson is an American Women 's Sabreist from Portland , Oregon . She holds 5 women 's Saber fencing world championships titles , 4 of which are gold . She grew up in Beaverton and graduated from Penn State University .
History
Caity Thompson competed in fencing for fourteen years and was a member of the Oregon Fencing Alliance ( OFA ) where she trained with Ed Korfanty and Adam Skarbonkiewicz . She is the youngest American National champion in history , claiming her title at 14 . Caity had a decorated fencing career including numerous world titles . She claimed her first individual world title In 2004 becoming the under-17 Cadet World Champion . Throughout her career she was a member of several United States World teams including the 2004 Cadet and Junior team , the 2005 Junior and National team and the 2006 Junior and National team . She went on to win 5 World Championship medals , four of which were gold . These titles included the United States first gold medal in Women 's Saber team history during the 2005 Senior World Championships in Leipzig , Germany .
College career
Caity received the award of `` Most Valuable Women 's fencer '' her freshman year ending the season with a record of 21-4 . She was named an All-American in all four years she competed . In 2007 , Caity Thompson and Doris Willette led Penn State to win their first NCAA fencing title in 4 years . Caity went 22-2 in the championship meet , with Doris Willette going 23-1 . Caity took 2007-2008 year off to train for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing , China . She later returned to Penn State helping them to claim two more National Champion titles .
References
See also
List of American sabre fencers
American female sabre fencers
Fencers from Portland , Oregon
Living people
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
The Bodhi Tree ( `` tree of awakening '' ) , also called the Bodhi Fig Tree or Bo Tree , is a large sacred fig tree ( Ficus religiosa ) located in Bodh Gaya , Bihar , India . Siddhartha Gautama , the spiritual teacher who became known as the Buddha , is said to have attained enlightenment or Bodhi circa 500 BCE under it . In religious iconography , the Bodhi Tree is recognizable by its heart-shaped leaves , which are usually prominently displayed .
The proper term `` Bodhi Tree '' is also applied to existing sacred fig ( Ficus religiosa ) trees , also known as bodhi trees . The foremost example of an existing tree is the Mahabodhi Tree growing at the Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya , which is often cited as a direct descendant of the original tree . This tree , planted around 250 BCE , is a frequent destination for pilgrims , being the most important of the four main Buddhist pilgrimage sites .
Other holy bodhi trees with great significance in the history of Buddhism are the Anandabodhi Tree at Jetavana in Sravasti in North India and the Sri Maha Bodhi Tree in Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka . Both are also believed to have been propagated from the original Bodhi Tree .
The Forest Research Institute of India assists in the upkeep of the tree since 2007 . Cloning has been considered in 2008 . Its sacred leaves can also be bought by pilgrims as mementos . Religious offerings , which would draw insects , were shifted to some distance from the tree .
Origin and descendants
Bodh Gaya
The Bodhi tree at the Mahabodhi Temple is called the Sri Maha Bodhi . Gautama Buddha attained enlightenment ( bodhi ) while meditating underneath a Ficus religiosa . According to Buddhist texts , the Buddha meditated without moving from his seat for seven weeks ( 49 days ) under this tree . A shrine called Animisalocana cetiya , was later erected on the spot where he sat .
The spot was used as a shrine even in the lifetime of the Buddha . Emperor Ashoka the Great was most diligent in paying homage to the Bodhi tree , and held a festival every year in its honour in the month of Kattika . His queen , Tissarakkhā , was jealous of the Tree , and three years after she became queen ( i.e. , in the nineteenth year of Asoka 's reign ) , she cursed the tree to be killed by means of mandu thorns . The tree , however , grew again , and a great monastery was attached to the Bodhimanda called the Bodhimanda Vihara . Among those present at the foundation Kattika the Mahā Thūpa are mentioned thirty thousand monks from the Bodhimanda Vihara , led by Cittagutta .
The tree was again cut down by King Pushyamitra Shunga in the 2nd century BC , and by King Shashanka in 600 AD . In the 7th century AD , Chinese traveler Xuanzang wrote of the tree in detail .
Every time the tree was destroyed , a new tree was planted in the same place .
In 1862 British archaeologist Alexander Cunningham wrote of the site as the first entry in the first volume of the Archaeological Survey of India :
The celebrated Bodhi tree still exists , but is very much decayed ; one large stem , with three branches to the westward , is still green , but the other branches are barkless and rotten . The green branch perhaps belongs to some younger tree , as there are numerous stems of apparently different trees clustered together . The tree must have been renewed frequently , as the present Pipal is standing on a terrace at least 30 feet above the level of the surrounding country . It was in full vigour in 1811 , when seen by Dr. Buchanan ( Hamilton ) , who describes it as in all probability not exceeding 100 years of age .
However , the tree decayed further and in 1876 the remaining tree was destroyed in a storm . In 1881 , Cunningham planted a new Bodhi tree on the same site .
To Jetavana , Sravasti
It is said that in the ancient Buddhist texts in order that people might make their offerings in the name of the Buddha when he was away on pilgrimage , the Buddha sanctioned the planting of a seed from the Bodhi tree in Bodhgaya in front of the gateway of Jetavana Monastery near Sravasti . For this purpose Moggallana took a fruit from the tree as it dropped from its stalk before it reached the ground . It was planted in a golden jar by Anathapindika with great pomp and ceremony . A sapling immediately sprouted forth , fifty cubits high , and in order to consecrate it , the Buddha spent one night under it , rapt in meditation . This tree , because it was planted under the direction of Ananda , came to be known as the Ananda Bodhi .
To Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka
King Asoka 's daughter , Sanghamitta , brought a piece of the tree with her to Sri Lanka where it is continuously growing to this day in the island 's ancient capital , Anuradhapura .
This Bodhi tree was originally named Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi , and was a piece of another Bodhi tree planted in the year 245 B.C . Although the original Bodhi tree deteriorated and died of old age , the descendants of the branch that was brought by Emperor Ashoka 's son , Mahindra , and his daughter , Sanghmittra , can still be found on the island .
According to the Mahavamsa , the Sri Maha Bodhi in Sri Lanka was planted in 288 BC , making it the oldest verified specimen of any angiosperm . In this year ( the twelfth year of King Asoka 's reign ) the right branch of the Bodhi tree was brought by Sanghamittā to Anurādhapura and placed by Devānāmpiyatissa his left foot in the Mahāmeghavana . The Buddha , on his death bed , had resolved five things , one being that the branch which should be taken to Ceylon should detach itself . From Gayā , the branch was taken to Pātaliputta , thence to Tāmalittī , where it was placed in a ship and taken to Jambukola , across the sea ; finally it arrived at Anuradhapura , staying on the way at Tivakka . Those who assisted the king at the ceremony of the planting of the Tree were the nobles of Kājaragāma and of Candanagāma and of Tivakka .
The Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi is also known to be the most sacred Bodhi tree . This came upon the Buddhists who performed rites and rituals near the Bodhi tree . The Bodhi tree was known to cause rain and heal the ill . When an individual became ill , one of his or her relatives would visit the Bodhi tree to water it seven times for seven days and to vow on behalf of the sick for a speedy recovery .
To Honolulu , Hawaii
In 1913 , Anagarika Dharmapala took a sapling of the Sri Maha Bodhi to Hawaii , where he presented it to his benefactor , Mary Foster , who had funded much Buddhist missionary work . She planted it in the grounds of her house in Honolulu , by the Nuʻuanu stream . On her death , she left her house and its grounds to the people of Honolulu , and it became the Foster Botanical Garden .
To Chennai , India
In 1950 , Jinarajadasa took three saplings of the Sri Maha Bodhi to plant two saplings in Chennai , one was planted near the Buddha temple at the Theosophical Society another at the riverside of Adyar Estuary . The third was planted near a meditation center in Sri Lanka .
To Thousand Oaks , California , USA
In 2012 , Brahmanda Pratap Barua , Ripon , Dhaka , Bangladesh , took a sapling of Bodhi tree from Buddha Gaya , Maha Bodhi to Thousand Oaks , California , where he presented it to his benefactor , Anagarika Glenn Hughes , who had funded much Buddhist work and teaches Buddhism in the USA . He and his students received the sapling with a great thanks , later they planted the sapling in the ground in a nearby park .
To Nihon-ji , Japan
In 1989 , the government of India presented Nihon-ji with a sapling from the Bodhi Tree as a gesture of world peace .
To Deekshabhoomi , Nagpur
This Bodhi Tree was planted at Deekshabhoomi from three branches of the Bodhi Tree at Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka . Bhadant Anand Kausalyayan brought these branches from Sri Lanka as a memorial of Buddha 's enlightenment . This sight is holy to Navayana Buddhism as this is the place where Dr. B. R. Ambedkar converted to Buddhism along with 600,000 followers on 14 October 1946 , Dhammachakra Pravartan Din .
Quezon City , Philippines
The sapling of the Sacred Bodhi tree from Anuradhapura Sri Lanka was planted on May 15 , 2011 , at Wisdom Park 14 Broadway Avenue , New Manila , Quezon City , Philippines by the Sri Lanka Prime Minister , His Excellency D. M. Jayaratne and the founder of Universal Wisdom Foundation Inc. , Dr. Mariano S. Yupitun .
The trees of the previous Buddhas
According to the Mahavamsa , branches from the Bodhi trees of all the Buddhas born during this kalpa were planted in Ceylon ( Sri Lanka ) on the spot where the sacred Bodhi tree stands today in Anurādhapura . The branch of Kakusandha 's tree was brought by Rucānandā , Konagamana 's by Kantakānandā ( or Kanakadattā ) , and Kassapa 's by Sudhammā .
Celebrations
Bodhi Day
On December 8 , Bodhi Day celebrates Buddha 's enlightenment underneath the Bodhi Tree . Those who follow the Dharma greet each other by saying , `` Budu saranai ! '' which translates to `` may the peace of the Buddha be yours . '' It is also generally seen as a religious holiday , much like Christmas in the Christian west , in which special meals are served , especially cookies shaped like hearts ( referencing the heart-shaped leaves of the Bodhi ) and a meal of kheer , the Buddha 's first meal ending his six-year asceticism .
Bodhi Puja
Bodhi Puja , meaning `` the veneration of Bodhi-tree '' is the ritual to worship the Bodhi tree and the deity residing on it ( Pali : rukkhadevata ; Sanskrit ; vrikshadevata ) . It is done by giving various offerings such as food , water , milk , lamps , incense , etc . and chanting the verses of glory of Bodhi tree in Pali . The most common verse is : '' Ime ete mahabodhi lokanathena pujita
ahampi te namassami bodhi raja namatthu te . ''
See also
Sahabi Tree
Atamasthana
Bodhi
Sacred related
Sacred trees
Largest Banyan trees
Sacred groves
Sacred groves of India
Tree worship
Sacred mountains
Sacred natural site
Sacred rivers
Sacred site
General
List of individual trees
List of types of formally designated forests
Superlative trees
Tree hugger ( disambiguation )
World mountain
References
Further reading
External links
Bodh Gaya
Trees in religion
Individual trees in India
Buddhist pilgrimage sites in India
Trees in Buddhism
Individual fig trees
Gautama Buddha
Sisquer is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols , in Province of Lleida province , Catalonia , Spain . As of 2020 , it has a population of 15 .
Geography
Sisquer is located 168km northeast of Lleida .
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
The Tyulenovo field is a Bulgarian oil field that was discovered in 1951 and located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea . It began production in 1951 and produces oil and natural gas . The total proven reserves of the Tyulenovo oil field are around , and production will be centered on in 2015 .
References
Black Sea energy
Oil fields of Bulgaria
Jasmina Perazić ( born 6 December 1960 ) is a Serbian-American basketball coach and a former basketball player . Perazić was inducted into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2014 . She is the current head coach of Division II Georgian Court University , a member of the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference ( CACC ) .
Career
Perazić competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics . In 2014 , she was inducted into Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame .
Currently , Perazic is the Head Women 's Basketball Coach at Georgian Court University , an NCAA Division II University in Lakewood , NJ . After guiding the Lions to a perfect regular season ( 7-0 ) and a CACC regular season title during the COVID-19 shortened 2020–2021 season , Perazic was named the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference Coach of the Year . The Lions earned the No . 1 seed in the CACC Tournament and advanced to the CACC Finals , their first finals appearance since becoming a Division II member in 2002–2003 . GCU earned an at-large bid to the NCAA Division II National Tournament and on March 12 , 2021 , won the program 's first ever game at the East Regional , downing divisional foe Concordia College in the Regional Quarterfinals .
Personal life
Perazić has a daughter , Deanna Gipe ( married Marello ) . Deanna and her wife Erica reside in New Jersey .
Achievements
2014 Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame
2008 ACC Tournament Legend
2002 University of Maryland Athletic Hall of Fame
1986 MVP Balkan Championships
1985 Best Five of Europe
1984 MVP Pre-Olympic Tournament
1983 MVP European Championships
1983 Most Popular Player at the World Championships , 2nd Leading Scorer of the Tournament
1983 WBCA Kodak All American
1983 ACC Tournament MVP
1982 NCAA West Region All Tournament Team ( Inaugural NCAA Women 's Basketball Tournament )
Coaching Awards and Accomplishments
2009 WBCA National Coach of the Year ( District III )
2010 WCAC Coach of the Year
2010 Gazette Newspaper Coach of the Year
2020-2021 CACC Coach of the Year
With Yugoslav National Basketball Team
1980 Olympic Games Moscow , Russia Bronze Medal
1983 World Championships São Paulo , Brazil Placed 8th 2nd leading scorer with 17.6PPG Voted Most Popular Player of the Tournament
1983 World University Games Edmonton , Canada Bronze Medal
1984 Pre-Olympic Tournament Havana , Cuba MVP
1984 Olympic Games Los Angeles , United States of America Placed 6th
1986 Balkan Championships Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina Gold Medal
1987 European Championships Cadiz , Spain Silver Medal
1987 World University Games Zagreb Croatia Gold Medal
MVP 1986 Balkan Championships Tuzla Bosnia and Herzegovina
MVP 1984 Pre Olympic Tournament Havana , Cuba
Best Five of Europe and # 1 Player in Europe 1983 Hungary , 1985 Italy
Yugoslavian Cup Winner 1984 with ŽKK Voždovac ( Zenski Kosarkaski Klub Vozdovac/Women 's Basketball Club Vozdovac ) , Belgrade , Serbia ( formerly Yugoslavian Women 's Basketball League )
1997 New York Liberty , WNBA
See also
List of Serbian WNBA players
References
University of Maryland Archives , FiBA Archives , FIBA.com ACC Tournament Legends , NCAA.com NCAA All Americans
External links
Hall of Fame profile at wbhof.com
WNBA statistics at basketball-reference.com
Georgian Court University profile at gculions.com
1960 births
Living people
All-American college women 's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Maryland Terrapins women 's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Serbian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Serbian women 's basketball coaches
Serbian women 's basketball players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Basketball players from Novi Sad
Universiade bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Universiade gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Universiade medalists in basketball
Women 's National Basketball Association players from Serbia
Yugoslav women 's basketball players
ŽKK Vojvodina players
ŽKK Voždovac players
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1987 Summer Universiade
Commercial Street is a street downtown Portland , Maine . In 2008 , it was named one of the ten best streets in the United States by the American Planning Association . It was built upon old piers in the 1850s . Fill was pushed into Casco Bay to accommodate the growing railroad and warehousing needs of the port 's working waterfront . In the 1970s and 1980s , much of the economic activity on the street was hurt and many of the properties on the street were sold off for non-marine development , including the building of condominiums . In 1987 , Portland voters , led by local fisherman based on Commercial Street , halted all non-marine development along the street and adjacent docks . Marine development around Commercial Street returned in the 1990s and 2000s ( decade ) alongside other economic development , including tourism-related industries .
The Maine State Pier , a deepwater marine facility and outdoor music venue , is located at the intersection of Commercial Street and Franklin Street .
Widgery Wharf and Union Wharf , located on the eastern end of Commercial Street , are two of the oldest standing structures in the city , having been completed in the late 18th century .
References
Streets in Portland , Maine
Tourist attractions in Portland , Maine
Port of Portland ( Maine )
Redeveloped ports and waterfronts in the United States
Housing in Portugal is generally similar to housing in the rest of Europe . However , some specificities exist . Portugal has the highest rate of rural population in Western Europe , which means that roughly a third of the Portuguese families live in farms or properties outside urban areas . Another characteristic is that most of the urban population is actually suburban . The metropolitan areas of Lisbon and Porto each have over 2 million inhabitants . In these areas , families live in apartment blocs , each apartment usually having two bedrooms , a living room , a kitchen and one or two bathrooms .
Most properties have been built since the 1970s , and especially since the turn of the millennium . This caused historical areas of Lisbon , Porto and other cities to become depopulated , though the younger generations now have a growing interest on buying and repairing these old buildings . The trendy district of Bairro Alto , in Lisbon , is an example of this .
Portuguese traditional architecture is quite similar to others of the Mediterranean , and whether a traditional country house or a suburban apartment bloc , Portuguese buildings and towns will look like those in Italy or Spain . This apart from the specificities of Portuguese architecture and its traditions , also excluding high rise projects inspired by the English Post-War tradition , the Socialist Bloc tradition and nowadays modern trends . Another strange , but somewhat common sight in Portugal , are the Swiss-like chalets , built by Portuguese people who lived in Switzerland or Germany . However , in recent years , traditional architecture is more popular .
Over two thirds of all Portuguese property is owned by the resident . House renting is more common in Lisbon , Porto , Coimbra and Aveiro , all of these cities having many students and foreign residents . Other areas where apartments are usually rented are sea resorts and the Algarve , this last region having many British , Irish , Dutch , German and French residents .
As of 2006 , it costs around 500€ to rent a T1 ( one bedroom and a living room ) apartment in Lisbon , and 90.000€ to buy the same house . These prices force young couples and families to live in suburbs like Amadora , Odivelas or Almada , where housing is cheaper . However , luxury housing is an important market in Portugal , especially in the larger cities , as well as in Algarve , Cascais and the South Bank of the Tejo . All of the real estate market in Portugal is still recovering from a crisis , which means there are many empty houses in the suburbs , as well as construction firms in financial trouble .
There are more houses in Portugal than the total population of 10 million individuals , since half of the Portuguese families own a country or holiday house , as well as many Europeans who choose to regularly spend their holidays in this Southern European country . Large projects of holiday housing featuring private beaches and golf resorts are very common in the South of the country .
Typologies
Real estate industry in Portugal usually divides housing units in two classes : apartments ( apartamento or andar ) and separate houses ( vivenda or moradia ) .
The apartments are classified in types T0 , T1 , T2 , etc. , that define the number of separate bedrooms . So a T0 means a studio apartment ( no separate bedrooms , with bedroom and sitting room combined in the same single room ) , while a T2 means an apartment with two separate bedrooms ( plus a living room ) . Usually , T0 apartments have a kitchenette while T1 and above apartments usually have a kitchen as a separate room . When an apartment has additional small bedrooms ( only allowing a single bed and/or without window ) , the quantity of these rooms appear in the typology after a `` + '' ( e.g . T1+1 , means an apartment with a normal bedroom plus a small bedroom ) .
Separate houses are analogously classified , with a `` V '' prefix replacing the `` T '' . So , a house with a living room and two bedrooms would be classified as V2 .
The typologies with higher and lower number of housing units are respectively the T3 and the T1 . By the order of percentages , the typologies are : T3 ( 22,5 % ) , T2 ( 20,6 % ) , T4 ( 9,3 % ) , T5 ( 8,9 % ) , T1 ( 6,2 % ) and T0 ( 1,0 % ) .
References
Economy of Portugal
Society of Portugal
Real estate in Portugal
A recreation area is a type of protected area designated in some jurisdictions .
By country
Canada
In the province of British Columbia , recreation areas are lands set aside for recreational use . These lands are also being evaluated to determine whether the area should be `` upgraded '' to full protected area status , or returned to integrated resource management lands .
United States
In the United States , National Recreation Areas are administered by several different agencies . They typically do not meet the strict guidelines to become national parks .
In U.S. state park systems , recreation areas may also fail to meet some criteria to be designated state parks , such as having multiple non-contiguous properties . Size is not necessarily a defining criterion . For instance , in Michigan , the largest state recreation area , Waterloo Recreation Area is while the smallest state park is the Tri-Centennial State Park and Harbor .
References
External links
Outdoor recreation
Protected areas
CUTE-1.7 + APD II , or CUTE-1.7 + APD 2 , is a Japanese nanosatellite which was launched in 2008 as a follow-up to the CUTE-1.7 + APD satellite . It was built and is operated by the Tokyo Institute of Technology .
Spacecraft
CUTE-1.7 + APD II used a similar design to its predecessor , however it was stretched in height meaning that it no longer complied with the CubeSat form factor which the original satellite was based on . It has dimensions of , compared to for CUTE-1.7 + APD , which was a standard two-unit CubeSat . The onboard computer is a personal digital assistant developed by Hitachi .
Mission
The University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies was contracted to launch CUTE-1.7 + APD II , subcontracting the launch to the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) as part of the Nanosatellite Launch Service 4 ( NLS-4 ) mission along with CanX-2 , AAUSAT-II , Compass-1 , Delfi-C3 and SEEDS-2 . ISRO used a Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle , flight number C9 , to launch NLS-4 - with the rocket flying in the Core Alone , or PSLV-CA , configuration . The rocket 's primary payload was Cartosat-2A , with IMS-1 , Rubin-8 and the University of Toronto 's NLS-5 mission - consisting of the CanX-6 satellite - also flying aboard the launch vehicle as secondary payloads .
Launch
The launch took place at 03:53:51 UTC on 28 April 2008 , with the satellites being deployed from the launch vehicle shortly afterwards . As of , CUTE-1.7 + APD II is in a of apogee and orbit inclined at inclination 97.67° to the equator . Although only designed for a two-month mission , it still remains operational and continues to transmit data to the ground station at the Tokyo Institute of Technology .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2008
Student satellites
Moon Hee-jung is a South Korean television screenwriter . She is best known for writing the dramas Last Scandal , Smile , You , Listen to My Heart , and Missing You .
Filmography
Goodbye Mr. Black ( MBC , 2016 )
Glorious Day ( SBS , 2014 )
Missing You ( MBC , 2012-2013 )
Listen to My Heart ( MBC , 2011 )
Smile , You ( SBS , 2009-2010 )
Last Scandal ( MBC , 2008 )
Tree of Heaven ( SBS , 2006 )
Outrageous Women ( MBC , 2006 )
Let 's Go to the Beach ( SBS , 2005 )
Great Friends Season 2 ( KBS2 , 2001 )
References
External links
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean television writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Laboratoire de mécanique de Lille ( LML ) is a French research laboratory ( UMR CNRS 8107 ) part of the Carnot institute ARTS . More than 200 people work in this laboratory which was created in 1985 .
It supports academic activities in the following graduate schools :
Arts et Métiers ParisTech ( ENSAM )
École centrale de Lille
University of Lille .
It supports doctoral researches and hosts PhD doctoral candidates in relationship with the European Doctoral College Lille Nord de France .
Research area
With more than two hundreds researchers , LML focuses on the following research area :
Mechanical reliability and Tribology ; applications on brakes
Fluid mechanics ; Turbulence ; Turbo machines
Civil engineering ; Soil mechanics
Equipment and facilities
The laboratory has heavy investigation equipment in its 3 research areas . These machines include a 20 meters long wind tunnel to study fluid mechanics , a multi-axis tensile test machine , to study mechanical behavior of complex materials and a micro-scale fatigue machine to study material life cycle .
Computations run thanks to a calculation cluster ( HPC ) composed of 288 cores .
Former members of the Laboratoire de mécanique de Lille
Joseph Valentin Boussinesq , professor at COMUE Lille Nord de France and at Institut industriel du Nord , known for Boussinesq approximation ( water waves ) in Fluid mechanics
Joseph Kampé de Fériet , professor at COMUE Lille Nord de France and founder of the Institut de mécanique des fluides de Lille ( ONERA Lille )
External links
LML site
Institut CARNOT ARTS
Joseph Boussinesq ( 1842-1929 ) , Cours d'analyse infinitésimale
Laboratories of Arts et Métiers ParisTech
Laboratories in France
French National Centre for Scientific Research
University of Lille Nord de France
1989 establishments in France
The Eastern Group Supply Council ( EGSC ) was a wartime body set up in British India in 1940 to co-ordinate the build-up of war material in the British colonies and dominions east of Suez , with the goal of reducing the amount of supplies shipped from the UK . The project was the brainchild of the Viceroy of India , Lord Linlithgow , who envisioned a largely self-sufficient eastern zone of the British Empire and Commonwealth based around co-operation between India and Australia . A central provisions office was set up in Delhi , and local offices were established in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , East Africa , Southern Rhodesia and the Middle East . Japan 's declaration of war on Britain in 1941 and subsequent capture of many of the eastern territories associated with the group , including Burma , Hong Kong and Malaya , undermined the project 's success .
Notes and references
References
Bibliography
1940 establishments in India
British Empire in World War II
India in World War II
Beinn na h-Uamha ( 762 m ) is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland . It lies in the Ardgour area of Lochaber , west of the village of Corran .
A steep and rugged peak , it provides fantastic views of Loch Linnhe and Sgùrr Dhòmhnuill from its summit .
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Corbetts
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Gender & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of gender studies . The editor-in-chief is Jo Reger ( Oakland University ) . It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Sociologists for Women in Society .
Introduction
Articles appearing in Gender & Society analyze gender and gendered processes in interactions , organizations , societies , and global and transnational spaces . The journal primarily publishes empirical articles , including qualitative , quantitative , and comparative-historical methodologies .
Abstracting and indexing
Gender & Society is abstracted and indexed in over 70 databases including Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 2.36 , ranking it 2nd out of 42 journals in the category `` Women 's Studies '' and 20th out of 146 journals in the category `` Sociology . ''
See also
List of women 's studies journals
References
External links
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1987
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Sociology journals
Women 's studies journals
Siege of Bristol or Storming of Bristol may refer to :
Siege of Bristol ( 1326 )
Storming of Bristol ( 1643 )
Siege of Bristol ( 1645 )
Borucki ( Polish feminine : Borucka ; plural : Boruccy ) is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Anna Borucka-Cieślewicz ( born 1941 ) , Polish politician
Percy Borucki ( born 1929 ) , German fencer
Ryan Borucki ( born 1994 ) , American baseball player
William J. Borucki ( born 1939 ) , American space scientist
See also
Polish-language surnames
A tribrach is an attachment plate used to attach a surveying instrument , for example a theodolite , total station , GNSS antenna or target to a tripod . A tribrach allows the survey instrument to be repeatedly placed in the same position over a surveying marker point with sub-millimetre precision , by loosening and re-tightening a lock to adjust the instrument base in a horizontal plane .
Components of a tribrach
The device consists of two triangular metal plates connected at their corners by leveling thumbscrews , a bubble level , a locking mechanism and often an optical plummet . The centre of the bottom plate of the tribrach has a 5/8-11 UNC thread bolthole which is used to attach the tribrach to the tripod . The top plate has three small holes or slots spaced 120˚ apart above leveling thumbscrews , and a locking mechanism which enables a survey instrument or target to be accurately placed on the tribrach and locked in place .
The optical plummet has either a bullseye or cross hair sight for positioning the instrument over a survey marker or ground control point . The older tribrachs required a plumb line to allow them to be positioned vertically over a point and took longer to set up .
Some modern total stations have an integral laser plummet built in .
Using a tribrach
The process is iterative between horizontal position and top plate level , because they are interactive . The following general process is followed :
The tribrach is attached to the tripod and placed over the marker .
Looking through the optical plummet pick up two of the tripod legs and position the cross hairs over the marker . Tread all three legs into the grass , bitumen , concrete .
Look through the optical plummet and using the thumbscrews put the cross hairs back over the marker .
Adjust the level of the tribrach by slackening the tripod screws and sliding the legs . Re-center the cross hairs using the thumb screws , then fine-tune the level using the tripod legs . Once the tribrach is nearly centered over the marker , level the tribrach the last little bit using the thumbscrews .
Slacken the tribrach from the tripod head and slide it the last 4-5mm so that it is centered over the marker and is level .
If the target over which the instrument is to be placed is roughly at the same elevation as the tripod feet , the preceding technique is applicable . If there is a considerable difference between the elevation of the target and the elevation of the marker and the instrument bottom plate , such as when the target is in a deep hole , or on a Bilby tower , the target will appear to move laterally by a large distance in the optical plummet as the tribrach level is adjusted .
Tribrachs are precision instruments and should be checked regularly to ensure they do not become a source of error .
References
Gerard L ' E . Turner , Nineteenth Century Scientific Instruments , Sotheby Publications , 1983 ,
Gerard L ' E . Turner , Antique Scientific Instruments , Blandford Press Ltd. 1980 ,
External links
Tribrachs and other accessories to Wild theodolites .
Surveying instruments
Babol Kenar ( ) may refer to :
Babol Kenar District
Babol Kenar Rural District
The El Rey National Park ( ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the Anta Department , province of Salta , in the Argentine Northwest , 80 km from the provincial capital . It has an area of 441.62 km² .
The park was created in order to preserve a representative sample of the Southern Andean Yungas ecoregion and transition environments . The climate is warm , and annual rainfall oscillates between 500 and 700 mm . The flora is varied , showing different species in five levels according to height ( from 750 to 2,000 m ) . The fauna includes tapirs , anteaters and peccaries , as well as fish in the rivers , brooks and lakes . The tapir or anta , which eats aquatic plants , is the largest South American mammal , weighing up to 300 kg .
The protected area was inhabited by farmer indigenous groups , the oldest inhabitants of the Yungas , and includes archaeological sites .
Sources
Administración de Parques Nacionales , Parque Nacional El Rey - National Parks Administration of Argentina ( in Spanish )
Park Description on site of Salta Province
National parks of Argentina
Protected areas of Salta Province
Southern Andean Yungas
The Petersberg Declaration was adopted by ministers of the Western European Union on 19 June 1992 at Hotel Petersberg , near Bonn in Germany . It defined military tasks of a humanitarian , disarming , peacekeeping and peacemaking nature that the WEU would be empowered to do . The contents and responsibilities arising from the declaration , known as the Petersberg Tasks , were later transferred to the European Union 's ( EU ) European Security and Defence Policy ( ESDP ) , presently known as the Common Security and Defence Policy ( CSDP ) .
Outline
The member states agreed to deploy their troops and resources from across the whole spectrum of the military under the authority of the WEU . The tasks , which covered a range of possible military missions ranging from the most simple to the most robust military intervention , were formulated as :
Humanitarian and rescue tasks
Peacekeeping tasks
Tasks of combat forces in crisis management , including peacemaking .
Officially , the range of tasks the EU/WEU committed itself to `` included '' the above , but were not limited to them . In practice , the task of territorial defence is considered the domain of NATO . As 21 of the 27 EU member states are also NATO members , there are many provisions to prevent competition with NATO .
Transfer to the EU
As a part of the partial merger of the WEU with the European Union , these tasks became part of the European Security and Defence Policy , and were central to strengthening the European Union 's second pillar , the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
In 1997 , during the European summit in Amsterdam , the tasks were incorporated in the Treaty on European Union . Both the WEU , NATO and the EU could enforce the Petersberg tasks , but with the transfer of the most important WEU assets to the EU in 1999 , this distinction became mostly artificial .
The transfer of bodies from the WEU to the EU as well as the collective defence clause of the Treaty of Lisbon , which entered into force in 2009 , rendered the WEU obsolete , and the WEU was abolished in 2011 .
See also
Common Security and Defence Policy
Western European Union
Treaty on European Union
References
External links
Full text of the Petersberg Declaration
Full text of the Maastricht WEU Declaration , precursor to the Petersberg Declaration
Declarations of the European Union
Western European Union
Petersberg ( Siebengebirge )
Alison Louder is a Canadian actress . She is known for her roles as Sister Amy on Helix and Emily Levison on Being Human , both for SyFy . She was voted # 3 Best Local Actress in Cult Montreals 2014 Best of Montreal poll .
Career
On-screen , Louder is best known for her work on the SyFy Network . She guest-starred as fan-favourite Sister Amy on season two of Helix ( SyFy and Sony Pictures ) and held a recurring role on the series Being Human ( SyFy and Muse Entertainment ) as Emily Levison .
Honours
2014 # 3 Best Local Actress - Best of Montreal
2013 # 4 Best Local Actress - Best of Montreal
2008-2009 MECCA Awards Dracula , Fallen Angel Productions : Best Production ( nominated ) , Best Director ( nominated ) , Best Ensemble ( nominated )
2010 Frankie Awards , Hot Pink , Next Stage Award runner-up
Filmography
Movies
TV movies
TV shows
Theatre
Voice and animation
References
External links
@ AlisonLouder on Twitter
Facebook page
Amanda Rosenthal Talent Agency Inc .
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Po-on A Novel is a novel written by Francisco Sionil José , a Filipino English-language writer . This is the original title when it was first published in the Philippines in the English language . In the United States , it was published under the title Dusk : A Novel . For this novel 's translation into Tagalog , the title Po-on Isang Nobela – a direct translation of Po-on A Novel - was adopted .
Description
Po-on A Novel is the beginning of the book -called Rosales Saga of F. Sionil José – a series of novels about Rosales , Pangasinan in the Philippines . The Rosales Saga has five parts , all of them individual but interrelated novels , composed namely of the following titles in terms of historical chronology : Po-on , Tree , My Brother , My Executioner , The Pretenders , and Mass . Among José 's five-part novel series , the Rosales Saga , `` Po-on '' was the last to be written and published but the first in terms of story-telling chronology .
In Po-on begins the narration of the experiences of one generation of the Salvador family ( later changed to `` Samson '' to avoid being hunted by the Guardia Civil ) , through Eustaqio `` Istak '' Samson , a farmer who joined the fleeing Ilokanos known as the mal vivir or `` agraviados '' . The peasant family reluctantly left their original hometown to escape further oppression and persecution from the colonial authorities . Their journey leads them to a new place at Rosales , Pangasinan , under the care of the wealthy mestizo named Don Jacinto , who despite owning large tracts of land , supports his fellow countrymen and indios in their plight . The novelist discusses the life and the origins of this family while embellished with the historical background of the Philippines during the late 1880s up to the early 1990s .
Historical background
Alive in the novel were the concepts and the events that emanated during peacetime and wartime ; even the status of the poor and the affluent , of the privileged and the powerful , and of those who have privileges , freedoms , and rights . During Istak 's time during the final days of the 1800s , when Spain lost control of the Philippines , the bliss in Istak 's heart when the Philippine Republic finally achieved independence was just for a brief moment . Because that liberation was only short-lived : the ruling Spaniards were only replaced by a new group of strangers from a continent called the United States of America . This colonial transition occurred after the Spaniards were defeated by the Americans ] during the Spanish–American War . In Po-on A Novel , José revisited these mutual chapters in both American and Philippine histories , together with the presentation of their social and psychological effects to the Philippine citizenry who had been under foreign occupiers from one time followed by another .
Plot summary
The events in Poon A Novel happened from 1880s to early 1900s , when an Ilocano family abandoned their beloved barrio in order to overcome the challenges to their survival in southern Pangasinan in the Philippines , and also to flee from the cruelty they received from the Spaniards .
One of the principal characters of the novel is Eustaquio Salvador , a Filipino from the Ilocano stock who was fluent in Spanish and Latin , a talent he inherited from the teachings of an old parish priest named Jose Leon in Cabugao . He was an acolyte aspiring to become a priest . He was also knowledgeable in the arts of traditional medicine . The only hindrance to his goal of becoming a full-fledged priest was his racial origins . He lived in a period in Philippine history when a possible Filipino uprising against the Spanish government was about to erupt , a time after the execution of three mestizos , namely Mariano Gomez , José Apolonio Burgos , and Jacinto Zamora ( or the Gomburza , an acronym for the three ) at the erstwhile known Cavite ( which is then renamed to Bagumbayan ; now known as Rizal Park ) on February 17 , 1872 . There were signs that a revolution will happen , despite the lack of unity among the inhabitants of the Philippines islands at the time , as pampangueños generally sided with the enemy . Another approaching occurrence was the help the Filipinos would be receiving from the Americans in finally removing the governing Spaniards from the archipelago after three hundred years . The novel recreates the societal struggles in which the characters of Po-on were situated , which includes the protagonist Istak '' 's personal search for life 's meaning and for the true face of his beliefs at principles . Throughout this personal journey , he was accompanied by a dignity that is his alone . He was assigned the task of delivering a message to President Emilio Aguinaldo , the leader of the Philippine revolutionaries , but died at the hands of American soldiers fighting at the Tirad Pass , inevitably unable to recount the contents of the letter to Aguinaldo .
Reviews and analysisPo-on the novel is only one part of F. Sionil José 's Rosales Saga , the historical epic narrative composed of four other novels considered by the Filipino poet and literary critic Ricaredo Demetillo as `` the first great Filipino novels written in English . '' Specifically , Po-on had been described by Random House as a work of fiction which is `` more than '' the character of a `` historical novel '' , a book with `` extraordinary scope and passion '' that is `` meaningful to Philippine literature . '' a book as meaningful to Philippine literature as One Hundred Years of Solitude is to Latin American literature . One Hundred Years of Solitude is the masterpiece of Latin America 's Colombian novelist Gabriel García Márquez . Frank Gibney of The New York Times described the story-telling in José 's Rosales Saga as being similar to the tradition and style found in the U.S.A. trilogy '' by the American novelist John Dos Passos .
See also
Literature of the Philippines
Philippine English
Philippine literature in English
Without Seeing the Dawn by Stevan Javellana
Cry Slaughter ! by E.K . Tiempo
The Man Who ( Thought He ) Looked Like Robert Taylor by Bienvenido Santos
Notes
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Articles and Reviews about F. Sionil José 's Dusk A Novel ( Po-on ) , `` Everybody 's Colony '' by Frank Gibney , `` Best Sellers : August 9 , 1998 , '' and `` Notable Books of 1998 , '' The New York Times , NYTIMES.com
Notable Books of 1998 , The New York Times , NYTimes.com , December 6 , 1998
Supnet Macansantos , Priscilla . `` Rosales , Pangasinan , reclaims F. Sionil Jose , '' Lifestyle , Inquirer , Inquirer.net , April 23 , 2007
Blume Claudia . A Literary , Historic and Political Trip with F. Sionil Jose a Personal View , Museum Volunteers Philippines
Review of Dusk , the resilience of a Pinoy called Istak of Poon , Alex Maskara Pinoy , AlexMaskara.com ( undated )
External links
Book cover for and page excerpts from Dusk A Novel by F. Sionil José ( English ) at Amazon.com
Book cover for Po-on Isang Nobela ( Tagalog ) by F. Sionil José at Divisoria.com
Book cover for Po-on by F. Sionil José ( French ) , translated by Amina Said , at Benediction . Multiply.com
Novels by F. Sionil José
1984 novels
Philippine English-language novels
Novels set in the Philippines
In pragmatics , scalar implicature , or quantity implicature , is an implicature that attributes an implicit meaning beyond the explicit or literal meaning of an utterance , and which suggests that the utterer had a reason for not using a more informative or stronger term on the same scale . The choice of the weaker characterization suggests that , as far as the speaker knows , none of the stronger characterizations in the scale holds . This is commonly seen in the use of 'some ' to suggest the meaning 'not all ' , even though 'some ' is logically consistent with 'all ' . If Bill says ' I have some of my money in cash ' , this utterance suggests to a hearer ( though the sentence uttered does not logically imply it ) that Bill does not have all his money in cash .
Origin
Scalar implicatures typically arise where the speaker qualifies or scales their statement with language that conveys to the listener an inference or implicature that indicates that the speaker had reasons not to use a stronger , more informative , term . For example , where a speaker uses the term `` some '' in the statement , `` Some students can afford a new car . `` , the use of `` some '' gives rise to an inference or implicature that `` Not all students can afford a new car . ''
As with pragmatic inference generally , such inferences are defeasible or cancellable – the inferred meaning may not be true , even though the literal meaning is true . This distinguishes such inferences from entailment . They are also non-detachable . A conversational implicature is said to be non-detachable when , after the replacement of what is said with another expression with the same literal meaning , the same conversational implicature remains . This distinguishes them from conventional implicatures .
In a 2006 experiment with Greek-speaking five-year-olds ' interpretation of aspectual expressions , the results revealed that children have limited success in deriving scalar implicatures from the use of aspectual verbs such as `` start '' ( which implicates non-completion ) . However , the tested children succeed in deriving scalar implicatures with discrete degree modifiers such as `` half '' as in half finished . Their ability to spontaneously compute scalar implicatures was greater than their ability to judge the pragmatic appropriateness of scalar statements . In addition , the tested children were able to suspend scalar implicatures in environments where they were not supported .
Griceans attempt to explain these implicatures in terms of the maxim of quantity , according to which one is to be just as informative as required . The idea is that if the speaker were in a position to make the stronger statement , they would have . Since ( s ) he did not , ( s ) he must believe that the stronger statement is not true .
Examples
Some examples of scalar implicature are :
1a . Bill has got some of Chomsky 's papers .
1b . The speaker believes that Bill has n't got all of Chomsky 's papers .
2a . There will be five of us for dinner tonight .
2b . There wo n't be more than five of us for dinner tonight .
3a . She wo n't necessarily get the job .
3b . She will possibly get the job .
4a . The Russians or the Americans have just landed on Mars .
4b . Not both of them have just landed on Mars .
Uttering the sentence ( a ) in most cases will communicate the assumption in ( b ) . This seems to be because the speaker did not use stronger terms such as 'there will be more than five people for dinner tonight ' or 'she ca n't possibly get the job ' . For example , if Bill really did have all of Chomsky 's papers , the speaker would have said so . However , according to the maxim of quantity , a speaker will only be informative as is required , and will therefore not use any stronger terms unless required . The hearer , knowing this , will assume that the stronger term does not apply .
See also
Cooperative principle
Downward entailing
Focus ( linguistics )
Logical consequence
Entailment ( pragmatics )
Indirect speech act
Subtrigging
Implicate and explicate order
Intrinsic and extrinsic properties
References
Robyn Carston , `` Informativeness , Relevance and Scalar Implicature '' .
Chierchia G. , Guasti M. T. , Gualmini A. , Meroni L. , Crain S. , Foppolo F. ( 2004 ) . Semantic and pragmatic competence in children and adults comprehension of or . In Experimental Pragmatics , Eds . I. Noveck and D. Sperber , pag . 283-300 , Palgrave Macmillan , New York .
Laurence R. Horn . 1984 . `` A new taxonomy for pragmatic inference : Q-based and R-based implicature . '' In D. Schiffrin ( ed . ) , Meaning , Form and Use in Context ( GURT '84 ) , 11-42 . Washington : Georgetown University Press .
Laurence R. Horn , ' A natural history of negation ' , 1989 , University of Chicago Press : Chicago .
Kepa Korta , 'Implicitures : Cancelability and Non-detachability ' ,
Angelika Kratzer , Scalar Implicatures : Are There Any ? Workshop on Polarity , Scalar Phenomena , and Implicatures . University of Milan-Bicocca June 18 , 2003
Ira Noveck , `` When children are more logical than adults : experimental investigations of scalar implicature '' , Cognition 2001 , vol . 78 , no2 , pp . 165–188 .
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy , article `` Implicature ''
Mante S. Nieuwland , Tali Ditman & Gina R. Kuperberg ( 2010 ) . On the incrementality of pragmatic processing : An ERP investigation of informativeness and pragmatic abilities . Journal of Memory and Language 63 ( 2010 ) 324–346 .
Zondervan , A. Meroni , L & Gualmini , A . ( 2010 ) Experiments on the role of the Question under Discussion for Ambiguity Resolution and Implicature Computation in Adults . In SALT 18 .
Endnotes
Pragmatics
Semantics
Inference
Formal semantics ( natural language )
The 219th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment ( ; Military Unit Number 06534 ) was a surface-to-air missile regiment of the Soviet Air Defense Forces during the Cold War and briefly the Russian Air Defense Forces .
Active from 1963 , the regiment provided air defense for the Leningrad area with S-200V missiles . It was disbanded in 1993 as a result of the introduction of the more modern S-300PS in the Leningrad air defense system .
History
The regiment received its number , the 219th , on 1 November 1963 ; it was a unit originally planned to be armed with the cancelled 5V11 Dal missile . The 219th was part of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army , and was based at Pervomayskoye-1 . The regiment became operational in 1967 with five S-200 battalions . It was reequipped with the S-200V in the early 1970s . In 1986 , the 86th became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps . After the more modern S-300PS was introduced into the Leningrad air defense system , the S-200V units were gradually phased out . In 1988 , the 219th was reduced to three battalions . It was disbanded in 1993 .
References
Citations
Bibliography
Surface-to-air missile regiments of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Regiments of the Russian Federation
Military units and formations established in 1963
Military units and formations disestablished in 1993
The 1991 Paris–Tours was the 85th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 13 October 1991 . The race started in Issy-les-Moulineaux and finished in Tours . The race was won by Johan Capiot of the TVM team .
General classification
References
1991 in French sport
1991
1991 UCI Road World Cup
1991 in road cycling
October 1991 sports events in Europe
Rabble may refer to :
The Melbourne Football Club 2019 .
Hoi Polloi , a negative term for the common people .
rabble.ca , a Canadian website
An arrow in the arcade game Libble Rabble
Rabble of Devilkin , characters in the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game
Rabble Starkey , a novel
The Rabble , a New Zealand music group
An iron bar used in the manufacture of iron and steel
Rabble.com , a Nordic company within online coupons founded in 2010 .
Osire is a refugee camp in central Namibia , situated 200 km north of the capital Windhoek next to the main road C30 from Gobabis to Otjiwarongo . It was established in 1992 to accommodate refugees from Angola , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Rwanda and Somalia . The camp grew quickly in its early years , reaching a peak of 20,000 inhabitants in 1998 . Since then the refugee population of Osire decreased steadily , approaching 6,500 in 2010 , and 3,000 in 2014 . Due to the cessation of conflicts in the countries where inhabitants originate from , the camp is scheduled to close . In 2008 the majority ( 75 % ) of refugees still resident here came from Angola , and a sizeable portion from the Democratic Republic of the Congo . UNHCR regards the camp as one of the best managed in the world , due to its provisioning of formal school education , both primary and secondary . The settlement further has a police station and a clinic .
The camp used to be a detention centre during the South African rule over Namibian territory . Throughout its existence as refugee camp maltreatment of inhabitants , retaliation , harassment and riots have been reported . In 2009 a group of 41 people fled the camp with the help of a local Human Rights organisation after allegedly having received death threats . This group left Namibia via the Mamuno Border Post but was refused entry to Botswana and as a result stayed in No Man 's Land between Namibia and Botswana for three months until being arrested by Botswana authorities and deported to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
References
Populated places in the Otjozondjupa Region
Refugee camps in Africa
Populated places established in 1992
1992 establishments in Namibia
Janelle S. Bynum ( born 1974/75 ) is an American Democratic politician currently serving in the Oregon House of Representatives . She represents the 51st district , which covers southern Multnomah County and northern Clackamas County , including the southeasternmost part of Portland , most of Happy Valley and Damascus , and the surrounding area .
Early life and education
Bynum grew up in Washington , D.C. She graduated with a bachelor 's degree from Florida A & M University in 1996 and with a master 's degree from the University of Michigan in 2000 .
Career
Bynum won the Democratic primary for the Oregon House of Representatives in 2016 over Randy Shannon , a former member of the Damascus City Council , receiving 66 % of the vote . In the general election , she defeated Republican candidate Lori Chavez-Deremer , the mayor of Happy Valley , with 51 % of the vote in what was considered one of the most competitive House races for the 2016 cycle . In February 2022 , Bynum was the first Black person in Oregon 's history to receive votes for Speaker of the House .
Bynum , who is Black , was reported to the police as a `` suspicious person '' while canvassing a neighborhood in her district in 2018 .
Personal life
Bynum and her husband , Mark , have four children . They own two restaurants in the area . She is a Christian .
References
External links
Campaign website
Legislative website
1970s births
Living people
People from Happy Valley , Oregon
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Politicians from Washington , D.C .
Oregon Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in Oregon
African-American state legislators in Oregon
African-American women in politics
University of Michigan alumni
Florida A & M University alumni
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Becky Garrison is an American religious satirist and author .
She is a 2013 recipient of a Knight Grant for Reporting on Religion and American Public Life . She was a senior contributing editor for The Wittenburg Door , a now defunct religious satire website .
Education
Garrison earned a bachelor 's degree in theater arts at Wake Forest University .
She received an M.Div . from Yale Divinity School and an M.S.W . from Columbia University .
Books
References
External links
American political writers
American satirists
American humorists
Christian writers
Living people
Yale Divinity School alumni
Wake Forest University alumni
Columbia University School of Social Work alumni
21st-century American women writers
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Women satirists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Everest Re is a Bermuda-based provider of reinsurance and insurance , operating for close to 50 years through subsidiaries in the U.S. , Europe , Singapore , Canada , Bermuda and other territories .
History
In 1973 , Everest Re Group was founded as Prudential Reinsurance , a subsidiary of Prudential Financial . In the 1990s , Prudential Financial considered selling or spinning off Prudential Reinsurance . On October 6 , 1995 , Prudential Reinsurance completed an IPO . The chairman and CEO at that time was Joseph V. Taranto . Prudential Reinsurance was renamed Everest Re in 1996 , after Mount Everest . In 2017 , Everest Re became a S & P 500 component .
Business
Everest offers property , casualty , and specialty products through its various operating affiliates located in key markets around the world .
Expanded Company History
Early years as Prudential
Founded in 1973
Financial Services
Reinsurance Arm
1996 renaming to Everest Reinsurance
Business Segments
Reinsurance
Insurance
Additional information :
Global Locations
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Board of Directors
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 1973
Reinsurance companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Hamilton , Bermuda
Insurance companies of Bermuda
TPI Polene Public Company Limited is Thailand 's Second largest cement manufacturer . It also manufactures petrochemicals , including low-density polyethylene ( LDPE ) and ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer ( EVA ) .
The company was founded in 1987 .
References
Manufacturing companies based in Bangkok
Cement companies of Thailand
Companies established in 1987
Companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand
1987 establishments in Thailand
Thai brands
Sin Hyok ( ; born 3 July 1992 ) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kigwancha and the North Korea national team .
Career
Sin was included in North Korea 's squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates .
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Sin Hyok at WorldFootball.com
Sin Hyok at DPRKFootball
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pyongyang
North Korean footballers
North Korea international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Halifax County Airport was a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Roanoke Rapids , a city in Halifax County , North Carolina , United States . It was owned by the City of Roanoke Rapids . This airport was included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013 , which categorized it as a general aviation facility .
Facilities and aircraft
This airport KRZZ , is closed . The Halifax Northampton airport KIXA is open .
Halifax County Airport covered an area of 281 acres ( 114 ha ) at an elevation of 256 feet ( 78 m ) above mean sea level . It had two runways : 5/23 is 4,006 by 75 feet ( 1,221 x 23 m ) with an asphalt surface ; 16/34 is 2,100 by 150 feet ( 640 x 46 m ) with a turf surface .
For the 12-month period ending August 14 , 2007 , the airport had 31,500 aircraft operations , an average of 86 per day : 89 % general aviation , 7 % air taxi , and 4 % military . At that time there were 24 aircraft based at this airport : 96 % single-engine and 4 % multi-engine .
According to recent satellite imagery , it appears the airport is now being used as a solar farm .
See also
Halifax-Northampton Regional Airport ( )
List of airports in North Carolina
References
External links
at North Carolina DOT airport guide
Center for Energy Education Current occupant of the site
Aerial image as of February 1994 from USGS The National Map
Defunct airports in North Carolina
Airports in North Carolina
Transportation in Halifax County , North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Halifax County , North Carolina
Clive Roberts ( born 19 March 1958 ) is a British lightweight rower who has sailed for Great Britain in the America 's Cup . He won a gold medal at the 1978 FISA Lightweight Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
1958 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of Great Britain
Emperor Alexander was launched in Sunderland in 1812 . She traded widely until she was wrecked in October 1821 .
Career
Emperor Alexander first appeared in Lloyd 's Register ( LR ) in 1812 with T.Lowes , master , F.Lowes , owner , and trade London–Petersburg .
On the night of 20 October 1821 Emperor Alexander , of Sunderland , Davidson , master , was sailing from Liverpool to Bahia , when she struck on the Cannon Rock , near Portaferry and filled with water . Her crew were saved .
Citations
1812 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in October 1821
Habibabad is a town in Pakistan .
Habibabad ( ) may also refer to :
Habibabad , Fars
Habibabad , Rostam , Fars Province
Habibabad , Hamadan
Habibabad , Isfahan
Habibabad , Jarqavieh Sofla , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province
Habibabad , Natanz , Isfahan Province
Habibabad , Masjed Soleyman , Khuzestan Province
Habibabad , Shushtar , Khuzestan Province
Habibabad-e Mazdak , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province
Habibabad , Mazandaran
Habibabad , Razavi Khorasan
Habibabad , Nukabad , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Habibabad , Tehran
Habibabad District
The fiery minivet ( Pericrocotus igneus ) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae . Its range includes Thailand , Malaysia , Indonesia and the Philippines . Its natural habitats are broadleaf , secondary and coastal forests . It is threatened by forest clearance and has been assessed as near-threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
Taxonomy
This species was described from Malacca by Edward Blyth in 1846 . The species name is from the Latin igneus `` fiery '' . Harry C. Oberholser described the larger subspecies Pericrocotus igneus trophis from Simeulue in 1912 . A 2010 molecular phylogenetic study confirmed the previously hypothesised relationship that the fiery minivet and small minivet ( Pericrocotus cinnamomeus ) are sister species .
Description
The fiery minivet is long . It is sexually dimorphic . The male has a glossy black head and mantle and an orange-red back . The wings are mostly glossy black , with orange-red edges to the secondary coverts and an orange-red patch on the flight feathers . The gradated tail is black and orange-red . The chin and throat are glossy black , and the rest of the underparts is orange-red . The eyes are dark brown , and the beak and feet are black . The female has a grey head , with orange lores and eye-rims . The back is lead grey , and the rump is orange-red . The wings are darker grey , and the wing-patch is paler than the male 's . The underparts are yellow . The juvenile bird has sooty brown upperparts and sooty black flight feathers . The underparts are off-white from the chin to upper belly , the rest being pale yellow . After a post-juvenile moult , it becomes similar to the adult female .
Distribution and habitat
This species is found in Tenasserim , the Thai-Malay Peninsula , Sumatra and its satellite islands , Borneo and Palawan . It is locally extinct in Singapore . It lives in the canopy of lowland broadleaf forest , forest edges , peat swamp forest , well-grown secondary forest , and coastal and mangrove forest . It is found up to in elevation , mainly below . It sometimes visits wooded gardens near forests .
Behaviour
This minivet occurs in groups and also joins mixed-species foraging flocks . Its contact call is a swee-eet or twee-eet . It catches insects in the air and from leaves and branches . Breeding has been observed from May to July . The shallow cup nest is built on a fork of a tree from twigs and fibres and camouflaged with lichen and pieces of bark . The eggs are pale yellowish , with brown and grey marks . Moulting has been recorded from June to September .
Status
Deforestation due to logging and land conversion has likely caused the population to decline at a moderate speed . Forest fires are also a threat , such as in 1997 and 1998 . The IUCN has assessed it as a near-threatened species .
References
External links
Image at ADW
fiery minivet
Birds of Malesia
fiery minivet
fiery minivet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pleuranthodium racemigerum is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Ferdinand von Mueller , and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith . Pleuranthodium racemigerum is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
racemigerum
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Jessica Sales ( born October 15 , 1951—disappeared July 31 , 1977 ) was a college professor and community organizer in the Philippines who disappeared during martial law under the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos . She was a founder of Student Christian Movement of the Philippines at the University of the Philippines Los Baños .
Sales was arrested by state agents , at the age of 26 , along with nine other activists working with community organizations in the Southern Tagalog region in the Philippines : Cristina Catalla , Gerardo `` Gerry '' Faustino , Rizalina Ilagan , Ramon Jasul , Salvador Panganiban , Emmanuel Salvacruz , Virgilio Silva , Modesto `` Bong '' Sison , and Erwin de la Torre . The group came to be known as the Southern Tagalog 10 .
Sales ' name is inscribed on the Bantayog ng mga Bayani Wall of Remembrance honoring martyrs and heroes of martial law .
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
1951 births
1970s missing person cases
20th-century Filipino women
Enforced disappearances in the Philippines
Individuals honored at the Bantayog ng mga Bayani
Marcos martial law victims
Missing people
Missing person cases in the Philippines
Southern Tagalog 10
University of the Philippines Los Baños people honored at the Bantayog ng mga Bayani
Year of death missing
Saccolabiopsis armitii , commonly known as the spotted pitcher orchid , is an epiphytic orchid from the family Orchidaceae . It has a short stem , coarse , wiry roots , between three and six crowded , curved leaves and up to fifty yellowish green flowers with red markings and a white labellum . It usually grows in coastal scrub to rainforest in New Guinea and tropical North Queensland , Australia .
Description
Saccolabiopsis armitii is an epiphytic herb with a single main growth , coarse wiry roots and a stem long . There are between three and six crowded , curved leaves long and wide with a prominent midrib on the lower surface . Between twenty and fifty cup-shaped , resupinate , yellowish green flowers with red markings long and wide are arranged on a pendulous flowering stem long . The dorsal sepal is about long , wide and the lateral sepals are a similar width but longer . The petals are about long and wide . The labellum is white , about long and wide with three lobes and a red anther . The side lobes are triangular and the middle lobe is short and rounded . Flowering occurs from September to December .
Taxonomy and naming
The spotted pitcher orchid was first formally described in 1875 by Ferdinand von Mueller and given the name Sarcochilus armitii . The description was published in Fragmenta phytographiae Australiae . In 1886 , Frederick Manson Bailey changed the name to Saccolabiopsis armitii . The specific epithet ( armitii ) honours William Armit who collected the type specimen .
Distribution and habitat
Saccolabiopsis armitii grows in coastal scrub and rainforest up to from the coast . It is found in New Guinea and in Queensland between Weipa and Bundaberg .
References
Aeridinae
Epiphytic orchids
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Orchids of New Guinea
Plants described in 1875
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
RTV Kozarska Dubica or РТВ КД is a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in Kozarska Dubica municipality . Program is mainly produced in Serbian .
Dub Radio is also part of public municipality services .
External links
Official website of RTV Kozarska Dubica
Website of CRA BiH
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Will to Death is the fifth studio album by American musician John Frusciante , released on June 22 , 2004 on Record Collection . The album reached # 36 on the Top Independent Albums chart .
The vinyl edition of the record saw a repressing from Record Collection on December 11 , 2012 . These reissued records are 180 gram and come with a download of choice between MP3 and WAV formats of the album .
Frequent collaborator Josh Klinghoffer appears , performing drums , bass , guitar , and keyboard .
The album cover is a photo taken on Cimitero Monumentale di Milano . The man is Luigi Ontani .
Background and recording
In 2004 Frusciante announced that he would produce six albums during a six-month break from the Red Hot Chili Peppers , with The Will to Death being the first of these . Following the long and costly recording of his previous album , Shadows Collide With People , Frusciante decided to experiment with recording music quickly and in a minimalist fashion , performing a maximum of two takes per track .
Frusciante has stated that the album is intended to be `` the opposite of Shadows Collides With People '' :
On January 16 , 2013 , John provided a definition and theory of `` The Will to Death '' on his website .
Track listing
Personnel
The following people contributed to The Will to Death :
Musicians
John Frusciante – vocals , guitar , piano , synthesizer , bass guitar on `` Far Away '' , `` Unchanging '' and `` The Will to Death ''
Josh Klinghoffer – drums , bass , keyboards , guitar on `` Helical '' and `` The Will to Death ''
Recording personnel
John Frusciante - producer
Ryan Hewitt - engineer , mixing
Rafael Serrano - recording assistant
Jeff Moses - recording assistant
Bernie Grundman - mastering
Dave Lee - equipment
Artwork
Lola Montes Schnabel - cover photograph
Mike Piscitelli - design
John Frusciante - design
References
External links
www.johnfrusciante.com - John Frusciante 's official site
John Frusciante albums
2004 albums
Paragon Systems Inc. is a United States-based private security and investigation firm , and is headquartered in Herndon , VA. Paragon Systems is a subsidiary of Securitas .
In April 2008 , Paragon Systems was awarded a $ 56 million contract from the United States Department of Homeland Security . Paragon took over the contract from USProtect and provided security services for federal government facilities . As of January 1 , 2008 Paragon Systems had received contracts totaling $ 363 million .
Controversy
In December 2006 , Paragon Systems reportedly lost accountability of four Glock 23 pistols from their armory at the DHS headquarters facility . Federal Security Officers Go on Strike in Dallas .
References
USAspending.gov
Tri-S Security Corp
Ways to Improve Commercial Building Security
Paragon Systems Wins Security Guard Contract Prote
Paragon Systems Sued By Maryland Security Company Over Accre
External links
Private detectives and investigators
Security companies of the United States
Companies traded over-the-counter in the United States
Sports School may refer to :
Sports school
Singapore Sports School , a specialized independent school in Singapore
National Sport School ( Canada ) , a public high school in Calgary , Alberta
Sports School ( comic strip ) , a strip in the British comic Shiver and Shake
DAP Helicópteros is a helicopter operator based in Punta Arenas , Chile . It operates scheduled and charter services in the southern Patagonia area , and also operates flights on behalf of the state-owned oil company , ENAP . Its main base is Presidente Carlos Ibáñez del Campo International Airport , Punta Arenas . The ambulance fleet covers most of the country .
History
The airline is the helicopter division of Aerovías DAP , which was established in 1979 and is wholly owned by the Pivcevic family . `` DAP '' is the acronym of its creator , Domingo Andrés Pivcevic , a Punta Arenas businessman .
DAP Helicopteros has a clear record of 95,000 flown hours without mayor accidents , having provided 8,390 consecutive days with 24-hour service in OffShore and EMS . DAP has a high safety standard and has been audited by Aviateq and BARS standards for mining services . This was the first rotor wing company in Chile to present SMS ( safety management system ) program to the local DGAC . This company is known for having the best safety records in Chile and has been recognized as an AS355F `` Reference fleet '' by Eurocopter .
Fleet
DAP Helicópteros ' fleet comprises :
4 Eurocopter AS355F Twinstar for off-shore petrol ops
5 MBB Bo 105CB-4 for Emergency medical services operations ; three based at Santiago-Lo Aguirre helipad and one based at Punta Arenas and one in Antarctica
4 Eurocopter BO105CBS EMS equipes and certify as air ambulance ; the first in Chile
1 Eurocopter EC-135 ( to be operated by DAP Helicópteros Argentina SA )
1 Eurocopter AS350B3 for mining services in the north of Chile
The recent agreement between DAP and Chile 's oil Company ( ENAP , Empresa Nacional del Petróleo ) implied the renovation of the helicopters currently in use .
External links
DAP Helicópteros
References
Airlines of Chile
Airlines established in 1989
Helicopter airlines
Chilean companies established in 1989
Spišská Nová Ves ( ; ; ) is a town in the Košice Region of Slovakia . The town is located southeast of the High Tatras in the Spiš region , and lies on both banks of the Hornád River . It is the biggest town of the Spišská Nová Ves District .
Tourist attractions nearby include the medieval town of Levoča , Spiš Castle and the Slovak Paradise National Park . A biennial music festival , Divertimento musicale , is held here , attracting amateur music ensembles from all over Slovakia .
Names and etymology
The town originated by merging an older Slavic settlement Iglov and a more recent settlement of German colonists ( , , - literally New Village ) .
Iglov is probably derived from a Slavic word igla ( Proto-Slavic igъla , jьgъla , modern Slovak ihla ) - a needle . Šimon Ondruš explains the name from Slavic jug - the south , a light , Juglava/Iglava/Iglov - a light place , a glade . The name was adopted by the Hungarians as Igló .
History
Settlement in the town 's region dates to the Neolithic age . There is evidence of a prosperous society that was familiar with copper mining and processing . When the Celts arrived they brought with them advanced iron technology . Celtic coins have been found in the region . During the 6th century , the period known as the Great Migration , Slavic tribes appeared in the Spiš region . During the 10th century the structure of their settlements stabilized and important communication roads were established . It became part of the Principality then Kingdom of Hungary . In the 13th centurty Saxon ( Carpathian German ) miners founded a town next to an earlier Slavic settlement . The settlement suffered greatly from the invading Tatars in the 13th century . After the Tatar invasion King Béla IV invited German colonists from the town of Jihlava and settled them here . They named the new town Iglau after their place of origin , and it first appeared in written sources as `` Villa Nova '' or `` Neudorf '' , covering the area of the present town .
The town received market rights in the 14th century and grew to become an important market town . It became an official mining town in 1380 and had the largest street market in the Kingdom of Hungary . Copper mining was an important activity . The metal was processed in furnaces , which were fuelled with wood from the surrounding forests . A Gothic bell foundry was established by Konrád Gaal who made a large hanging bell for Louis I of Hungary , and was consequently knighted in 1357 . The bells made by Konrád Gaal are still hanging and form an important conlegacy of European Gothic metal foundry .
In 1412 Spišská Nová Ves , along with several other Spiš towns , was pawned as loan security by the Hungarian king Sigmund to the Polish king Vladislaus II Jagiełło . This pledge lasted for 360 years .
Blacksmiths were the first local craftsmen to unite into a guild , which was given royal privileges in 1436 . They smelted their own ore , or built water-driven forges along the rivers Hornád and Dubnica . Coppersmiths made kettles of a specifically defined weight because kettles were widely used as a means of payment . There were charcoal burners and even resin pickers who collected resin from trees to produce tar for greasing wagons . There were wheelwrights , coopers , weavers , joiners , gunsmiths , basketmakers , bakers , furriers , tanners , cooks and millers , hunters , fishermen and beekeepers .
There were many Germans living in Spiš and through their influence the town became Lutheran in the 1540s . Between 1569 and 1674 Catholic services were forbidden in the pawned towns . There were many contacts with Poland and this helped to stimulate the national consciousness of the Slovak people . The pawned towns were returned to the Kingdom of Hungary in 1772 . In 1778 Spišská Nová Ves became the capital of the `` Province of 16 Spiš towns '' .
In the 19th century the manufacture of stoneware was important in the town . The products all bore a trademark formed from the word `` Iglo '' with two crossed miners ' hammers . Other industrial activities included oil production and a weaving plant as well as agricultural machines . The railway provided an important means of communication from 1870 . A power station was built in 1894 and living conditions improved . In July 1929 the Podtatranská výstava ( Sub-Tatras Exhibition ) showed results of economic growth and made the town famous in Slovakia . During World War II , Spišská Nova Ves was taken by Soviet troops of the 18th Army on 27 January 1945 .
Spišská Nová Ves today
Spišská Nová Ves is a tourist destination today , both because of the town itself and because of the natural environment of the nearby Slovak Paradise mountains . The core of the town is a lens-shaped square ( a square with bulging sides ) , typical of medieval towns ) . It is a cultural , administrative and business centre of the Spiš region , and is rich in art and historical monuments .
Foremost is the three-naved Gothic church of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary standing in the centre of the town . Its construction dates back to the 14th century and its architecture has been partly preserved . The bas-relief of the Virgin Mary 's Coronation on the Gothic tympanum on the south portal of the church is considered to be amongst the most beautiful in the Spiš region . It contains carvings by Master Paul of Levoča . The side pillars are topped by Gothic pinnacles terminating in crossed rosettes . A rosette with tracery crowns the entrance of the church . The tower is 87m high , the tallest church tower in Slovakia . The neogothic top of the tower dates from 1893 and was executed by the architect Imrich Steindl . The neogothic altar dates from the end of the 19th century . The church contains several liturgical treasures : a cross-shaped silver ( and partly gilded ) reliquary by the Sienese court jeweller Nicolas Gallicus ( first half of the 14th century - but the initials NC may also refer to a possible contributor Nicolaus Castellanus ) , a silver ( partly gilded ) crucifix and monstrance attributed to Antonio from Košice ( early 16th century ) , a chalice by Jan Kolbenhayer ( 1795 ) and a rare bronze baptismal font ( second half 13th century ) . The Calvary Group ( 1520 ) is another masterpiece from the workshop of the Master Paul of Levoča . The church vaulted ceiling contains early renaissance paintings with the Evangelists and four angels playing on musical instruments .
The Evangelical church , standing next to the town hall , was built in Classicist style between 1790 and 1796 . It has a cross-shaped ground plan . Inside is an altar piece of Christ on the Mount of Olives , painted by Danish painter Stunder . The water well is decorated with an alabaster relief of Christ with the Good Samaritan .
Another valuable architectural monument is the Province House , now housing the Spiš museum . It has a baroque façade , but the basement dates from the 13th century . This house was the town hall from the Middle Ages until 1777 . The peace treaty between John Jiskra of Brandýs and the Hungarian king Vladislav was signed here in 1443 . Its façade includes the underpass `` Levoca gate '' with in the middle of its arch the crest of the Province of XVI Spiš towns . The upper part of the façade is decorated with rococo stucco motives ( rocaille ) representing in Latin the moral qualities required of a town official : ( from left to right ) PONDERE SOLO ( According to importance only ) , UTQUIS MERETUR ( as one deserves ) , SUUM CUIQUE ( give everyone his due ) , DIE NOCTUQUE ( day and night ) , IN SOMNIS CUSTOS ( guardian during sleep ) , HINC OCULOS NUSQUAM ( not turning his eyes away ) .
The Town Hall was built between 1777-1779 in the Classical style , and was reconstructed in the mid-1990s . The main façade faces south while the main entrance is on the north side . The south façade has three big arched windows situated between four semi-columns under a massive tympanum . Within the tympanum is the city 's coat-of-arms between two griffins.The two inner columns have Ionic capitals . The council chamber occupies two floors and is lavishly decorated with pilasters and sgraffito with motifs of drapery alternating with the city coat-of-arms .
The theatre building `` Reduta '' was built in art-nouveau style between 1899 and 1902 by the Budapest architect Koloman Gerster . He divided its northern and southern part by a risalith ( a projection jutting out of the façade ) . He accentuated the corners of the building by four turrets . He prolongated the western part into a semicircular vestibule . The stage wall is decorated with murals by the Slovak - local artist Jozef Hanula . Today the building combines a theatre , a richly decorated concert hall and a restaurant .
Demographics
According to the 2001 census , the town had 39,193 inhabitants . 94.21 % of inhabitants were Slovaks , 1.93 % Roma and 0.51 % Czechs . The religious makeup was 69.81 % Roman Catholics , 16.95 % people with no religious affiliation , 3.17 % Lutherans and 3.05 % Greek Catholics .
Transportation
Spišská Nová Ves railway station is a junction between the Košice–Žilina railway , which is part of Slovakia 's main east-west rail corridor , and a spur line to Levoča . Regular passenger services on the spur line have been suspended since 2003 . Public transport is provided by the eurobus , a.s. company and consists of 15 bus lines . Tickets can be bought from the driver and the fare is 0,60€ or 0,30€ reduced fare .
Twin towns – sister cities
Spišská Nová Ves is twinned with :
L'Aigle , France
Alsfeld , Germany
Clausthal-Zellerfeld , Germany
Grójec , Poland
Havlíčkův Brod , Czech Republic
Joinville , Brazil
Kisújszállás , Hungary
Myślenice , Poland
Nitra , Slovakia
Preveza , Greece
Tiachiv , Ukraine
Tongzhou ( Beijing ) , China
Youngstown , United States
References
Spišská Nová Ves : 1268-1998 : 730 rokov prvej písomnej správy ;
External links
Spišská Nová Ves District
Cities and towns in Slovakia
Spiš
Wallace Edwin Halder ( September 15 , 1925 – October 27 , 1994 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player . He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz . He was the top scorer of the Canadian team , as well as the top scorer of the entire tournament .
References
External links
profile at databaseOlympics.com
1925 births
1994 deaths
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Toronto
Roberto Natale ( born 14 May 2003 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Napoli .
Club career
Roberto Natale made his professional debut for the Viterbese on 3 November 2021 , along with teammate Simone D'Uffizi , during a 1–0 away Coppa Serie C win against Ancona .
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Naples
U.S. Viterbese 1908 players
Hex is a musical with book by Tanya Ronder , lyrics by Rufus Norris and music by Jim Fortune based on the classic fairy tale Sleeping Beauty by Charles Perrault .
Plot
Fairy ( a fairy named Fairy ) lives in a forest all alone , until a palace secretary , Smith , stumbles upon her whilst running from an ogre . He has apparently been searching for a fairy to bring back to the palace to cast a spell to put the newly born princess to sleep as she has been keeping the whole palace awake . Fairy asks if this is what the baby wants , she will be able to perform a Bliss of sleep on the child .
Production history
National Theatre , London ( 2021-22 )
The musical was announced on 4 June 2021 as part of the Royal National Theatre , London 's autumn 2021 season and began previews in the Olivier Theatre from 4 December running until 22 January 2022 . The press night was due to take place on 15 December , however due to the rise in cases of the COVID-19 pandemic it was postponed to 21 December , then cancelled along with numerous other performances including the filming of the production to be broadcast for NT Live . Norris announced that the musical will end on 22 January 2022 , but will be restaged later in the year with a full run including a press night .
The production is directed by Norris with design by Katrina Lindsay , orchestrations by Simon Hale , music supervision by Marc Tritschler , music direction by Tarek Merchant , lighting design by Paul Anderson , choreography by Jade Hackett with consultant choreography by Bill Deamer , sound design by Simon Baker and video design by Ash J Woodward .
On 16 July 2021 initial casting was announced including Rosalie Craig as the Fairy .
A highlights album of songs from the musical was released by Broadway Records on 15 December 2021 .
Cast and characters
Reception
Time Out described the cast as `` terrific '' .
References
2021 musicals
British musicals
Sleeping Beauty
Works based on fairy tales
Works based on Sleeping Beauty
Musicals based on works by Charles Dickens
Hussein Mabrouk ( born 12 june 1997 ) is an Egyptian Filmmaker . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Her brothers , Ashraf , Hazem , Belal , Ibrahim and Hassan , are also international handball players .
References
External link
1980 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Henry Elijah Alvord ( March 11 , 1844 – October 1 , 1904 ) was an American university administrator , educator , and Army officer . He served as the president of the Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College ( now Oklahoma State University ) and the Maryland Agricultural College ( now the University of Maryland ) as well teaching Military Science at Massachusetts Agricultural College ( Now the University of Massachusetts – Amherst ) .
Alvord was born on March 11 , 1844 , in Greenfield , Massachusetts . He was educated at Norwich University and was given the degrees of C.E . and B.S . in 1863 . He joined the Union Army in 1862 as a private , eventually reaching the rank of Major in 1865 through meritorious service . He became interested in the emerging western cattle industry while serving as captain of the United States cavalry near the close of the American Civil War . Alvord later lobbied for the passage of the Hatch Act of 1887 and the Morrill Act of 1890 , which helped establish agricultural experiment stations . In 1872 , he was appointed a special Indian courier . He served as Professor of Agriculture of the Massachusetts Agricultural College from 1886 to 1887 , as well as the second president of Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College from 1894 to 1895 . He organized and became chief of the dairy division of the bureau of animal industry of the U.S. department of agriculture in 1895 . He died on October 1 , 1904 , in St. Louis , Missouri while attending the World 's Fair .
References
Further reading
Annual Report of the Bureau of Animal Industry , Volume 21 . G.P.O. , 1905
External links
1844 births
1904 deaths
People from Greenfield , Massachusetts
United States Army officers
Presidents of the University of Maryland , College Park
Presidents of Oklahoma State University
Oklahoma State University faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Anna Maria Strada ( fl . 1719–1741 , in Bergamo ) was an Italian soprano . She is best remembered for her association with the composer George Frideric Handel , in whose operas Strada sang .
Career
After an initial career in Italy that included performances at Venice — in Vivaldi 's opera La verità in cimento ( 1720 ) — Milan , and Livorno , Strada moved to London in 1729 to sing for Handel after the composer engaged her for his operas . She made her début as Adelaida in Lotario and was prima donna in all his operas and oratorios until 1737 . She sang in a minimum of 24 of Handel 's operas and the opera-ballet Terpsicore , a new prologue to a revision of Il pastor fido . Her roles included Angelica in Orlando , the title role in Partenope , Elmira in Sosarme , Thusnelda in Arminio , and Ariadne in Giustino , and the title role of Atalanta . Strada was the only singer of Handel 's company who did not defect to the rival Opera of the Nobility in 1733 , and in 1732 had turned down the opportunity to sing for Giovanni Bononcini . She left London , however , in 1738 and returned to Italy , where she sang at Naples and Turin before she is retirement to Bergamo .
Contemporary evaluations
18th-century music historian Charles Burney described Strada thus :
Further evidence of Strada 's unusual ugliness is provided by Mrs Pendarves — formerly known as Mary Granville and later Mrs Delany — a close friend of Handel .
Poet and librettist Paolo Rolli described her as `` a copy of Faustina with a better voice and better intonation , but without her charm and brio '' . Her Handel parts reveal her vocal range to have been two octaves during the first part of her career , and the dramatic range required by these roles is varied . While in Naples during the first part of her career , Strada married theatre manager and librettist Aurelio del Pò , reputedly because he owed her a large sum of money and married her as a substitute for payment .
Notes
References
Winton Dean : `` Strada , Anna Maria '' , Grove Music Online ed L. Macy ( Accessed 19 March 2007 ) , grovemusic.com , subscription access .
Hogwood , Christopher . Handel ( 1988 ) , Thames and Hudson , .
1700s births
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Italian operatic sopranos
Musicians from Bergamo
18th-century Italian women opera singers
Galena ( also Galena City ) is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County , South Dakota , United States . It is often considered to be a ghost town , even though a few families still live in the area . It is not tracked by the U.S. Census Bureau .
Naming
The town was named after the galena found in the ore in the surrounding mines .
History
Early history and settling
In 1875 , gold was discovered in the Black Hills and drew settlers to the area . The mines in the area were originally intended to be gold mines , but other metals were more plentiful in the hills . Most of the gold was found in trace amounts , while silver and lead ore were the most common metals in the area . In March 1876 , a large number of people began to settle in the gulch where Galena was built and filed the first mining claims ; most of these evolved into silver mines . A few of these first mines were called the Sitting Bull , Florence , Merritt , El Refugio , Emma , and Cora . At the summits of the surrounding hills , shaft mines were drilled , while further down the cliff , miners built tunnels . In September 1876 , the Florence claim was bought by Robert Florman . The first houses were built out of dirt or wood . In October 1876 , a settler named James Conzette built a cabin in Galena , which he planned to use as a fort against Native American raids , though it never served that purpose . It had a dirt floor and roof and a door constructed from a sluice box . The last Native American seen in the town was in 1876 , when a small group climbed down the ravine to the southwest where the Catholic church was built .
Growth
To meet growing demands for lumber , a sawmill was built behind one of the town 's stores . By June 1877 , the town had a population between 150 and 200 and was growing rapidly . It included four stores , three butchers , a livery yard , and a boarding house . By July 4 , the town had 250 men and 25 women . Around this time , Galena beat the nearby camps of Caribou and Hardscrabble in the election for the first post office . By the end of 1877 , 400 people were living in Galena , and it had 75 homes and two smelters . A mail line was built from Deadwood to Galena and Virginia City .
The town later boasted a physician , assayer , notary , shoemaker , two hotels , two saloons , another livery yard , an opera house , a tin shop , and two more sawmills . Two railroad lines were built to Galena from Deadwood and sparked more growth . Three newspapers ran in the area : the Daily Times , the Pioneer , and the News . One July , a fire swept through the town and destroyed the opera house . In 1881 , due to a very successful local mining operation , Galena experienced another period of growth . That year , the older cabins in the gulch were torn down due to their deteriorating states . The town then added a barber shop , a restaurant , and a hardware store . Two more hotels planned to enter town . Two more express lines were added from Deadwood , and a stage line was built between Sturgis and Galena . A telephone line was also installed . The one-room school was built in 1882 and still stands today , maintained by the Galena Historical Society . This school , like others of its time , only ran for three months out of the year . One of the residents became well known in the area for his pet coyote .
Later history and present day
In 1883 , a dispute evolved into a court case between two mining claims that reached the Supreme Court of Dakota Territory . The same year , a man named Patrick Gorman was killed and the case was brought to a trial , but the killer was let go when the jury ruled self-defense . These controversies eventually contributed to a decline in Galena 's activity . In 1886 , Galena experienced another period of activity as eight mining companies worked the land . From then until 1897 , the town was very inactive . the Union Mining Company bought all of the surrounding mines , but within the year , the operations had failed . By 1902 , Galena had been severely neglected . That same year , however , the Burlington Railroad came through . The economy started to increase again and the houses were repaired . However , the line was abandoned in 1912 , and the railroad took up its tracks in 1929 . In 1940 , another mining company , the Gilt Edge Mines , came through and revived the town . The school closed in summer 1943 .
A few families live in Galena , and there are a few vacation homes . The Galena Historical Society holds an annual Galena open house and walk , which opens up historical buildings on private property to visitors .
Geography
Galena is located in the northern Black Hills in Lawrence County . It has an elevation of . A Bear Butte Creek runs beside the town , which is located in a meadow in the middle of a gulch .
Climate
Notable person
Sally A. Campbell , better known as `` Aunt Sally , '' pioneer who travelled with George Custer and claimed to have been the first non-native woman in the Black Hills
See also
Roubaix , South Dakota
Nemo , South Dakota
External links
Slideshow of photographs of Galena on YouTube
References
Unincorporated communities in South Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , South Dakota
Populated places established in 1876
Mining communities in South Dakota
1876 establishments in Dakota Territory
Eleven : A Music Company is an Australian record label and management company known for its small but successful roster , currently including Birds of Tokyo , Cold Chisel , Dustin Tebbutt , Gotye , Midnight Oil , Missy Higgins , Paul Mac , Peter Garrett , The Presets , and Silverchair . The company was founded on 11 November 2000 by artist manager , John Watson .
History
John Watson grew up in Townsville , Queensland . He worked in independent record stores there while still in high school , then left Townsville for Sydney with local indie band The Spliffs in 1986 . In the late 1980s Watson worked as a freelance music journalist while completing an honours degree in politics at the University of New South Wales . He also managed The Spliffs and The Whippersnappers . In 1990 he was hired by MDS ( a division of Mushroom Records ) to open their Sydney office . In 1991 , he became the Sydney-based Artist and Repertoire manager for Sony Music Australia and later also became the company 's Director of International Marketing .
In 1994 , the young rock trio Silverchair came to Watson 's attention . After being jointly responsible for signing the band to the new Murmur imprint , he left Sony and became Silverchair 's manager via the newly founded John Watson Management . Under Watson 's guidance , Silverchair had immediate worldwide commercial success and have since gone on to sell more than 6 million records , and achieve five No . 1 albums in Australia .
When Silverchair 's deal with Sony ended in 2000 , Watson formed Eleven : A Music Company to release their works . He also signed several other successful Australian artists to the label , including Missy Higgins , Paul Mac , Kisschasy , The Dissociatives and Little Birdy . John Watson Management represents all artists signed to Eleven : A Music Company .
John Watson Management also represents some Australian artists who are not signed to the Eleven label : Birds of Tokyo and Cold Chisel ( who is co-managed with John O'Donnell ) . The company also managed Wolfmother from 2005 until standing down from that role six months before the release of that band 's second album in 2009 .
Eleven took its name from the amplifier in the cult comedy movie This Is Spinal Tap . Like that amplifier the label `` seeks to go one step further in its efforts on behalf of its artists '' .
Eleven 's releases were originally distributed in Australia , New Zealand , and Asia ( except Japan ) by Virgin/EMI . In the rest of the world , however , the label is of independent status and some of its artists are signed to different labels in other territories .
In July 2008 , Watson announced that Eleven would be leaving EMI and joining Universal on 11 September 2008 . The new deal allows Eleven and its artists to have total control over marketing and promotion and to more closely link the marketing and promotion of recordings and tours . In a statement , Watson said `` Instead of the traditional approach of having one group of people trying to sell CDs while others try to sell concert tickets , artists need to be in the broader business of building enduring relationships with their audiences in all the different forms that may take . Universal Music truly understands all this , so our new deal will allow us to integrate those processes much more seamlessly . ''
In June 2015 , iconic Australian dance duo The Presets signed a management deal with Eleven . Eleven also signed on to manage both Midnight Oil and Peter Garrett 's solo career in 2015 , and in 2017 re-launched the band 's music career with The Great Circle World Tour - spanning over 70 dates and selling in excess of 400,000 tickets .
Artist roster
Birds of Tokyo
Cold Chisel
Dustin Tebbutt
Gotye
Midnight Oil
Missy Higgins
Paul Mac
Peter Garrett
The Presets
Silverchair
Inactive / Previous
Daniel Johns
The Dissociatives
Itch-E and Scratch-E
Katy Steele
Kisschasy
Little Birdy
Pete Murray
Wolfmother
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Australian record labels
Record labels established in 2000
Alternative rock record labels
Record labels based in Sydney
Czerniejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately east of Kamień , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Dicle Nur Babat ( born 15 September 1992 in Kırklareli ) is a Turkish volleyball player . She is tall and plays as middle blocker for Fenerbahçe and Turkey women 's national volleyball team .
Career
Dicle Nur Babat began playing volleyball in the feeder team of Eczacıbaşı . After three years , she transferred to the feeder team of Vakıfbank . In the 2011-12 season , she was loaned out to Nilüfer Belediyesi in Bursa . The next season , she signed with Beşiktaş returning to Istanbul again . At the end of the first season , her team was relegated to the Second League after losing the play-off game to Galatasaray . Her contract was extended for one year in the beginning of the 2013-14 season . Following the 2013-14 season , she enjoyed runner-up title at the CEV Women 's Challenge Cup with Beşiktaş .
In the beginning of the 2014-15 season , she moved to Fenerbahçe .
She capped more than 75 times in the Turkey national team .
Honours
Champions ( 7 ) :
2012 Women 's Junior European Volleyball Championship
2014-15 Turkish Women 's Volleyball League
2014-15 Turkish Women 's Volleyball Cup
2014-15 Turkish Super Cup
2015 European Games
2016-17 Turkish Women 's Volleyball Cup
2016-17 Turkish Women 's Volleyball League
Runner-up ( 1 ) :
2014 CEV Women 's Challenge Cup
See also
Turkish women in sports
References
External links
Dicle Nur Babat profile at Fenerbahçe.org
1992 births
People from Kırklareli
Turkish women 's volleyball players
Eczacıbaşı volleyball players
VakıfBank S.K . volleyballers
Nilüfer Belediyespor volleyballers
Beşiktaş volleyballers
Fenerbahçe volleyballers
European Games gold medalists for Turkey
European Games medalists in volleyball
Living people
Volleyball players at the 2015 European Games
Pottawattamie County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . At the 2020 census , the population was 93,667 , making it the tenth-most populous county in Iowa . The county takes its name from the Potawatomi Native American tribe . The county seat is Council Bluffs .
Pottawattamie County is included in the Omaha–Council Bluffs , NE–IA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.9 % ) is water . It is the second-largest county in Iowa by area after Kossuth County . Pottawattamie County is located within Iowa 's Loess Hills , and was the site of Kanesville along The Mormon Trail
Due to movement of the Missouri River and a Supreme Court ruling , part of the county , Carter Lake , actually lies on the far side of the Missouri River . This part of the county can not be reached by road without entering Nebraska ; no direct bridge exists .
Major highways
Interstate 29
Interstate 80
Interstate 480
Interstate 680
Interstate 880
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 59
U.S. Highway 275
Iowa Highway 83
Iowa Highway 92
Iowa Highway 165
Iowa Highway 191
Iowa Highway 192
Adjacent counties
Harrison County ( north )
Shelby County ( northeast )
Cass County ( east )
Montgomery County ( southeast )
Mills County ( south )
Sarpy County , Nebraska ( southwest )
Douglas County , Nebraska ( west )
Washington County , Nebraska ( northwest )
National protected area
DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 93,667 in the county , with a population density of . 94.09 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 39,852 housing units , of which 37,284 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 93,158 in the county , with a population density of . There were 39,330 housing units , of which 36,775 were occupied .
2000 census
At the 2000 census , there were 87,704 people , 33,844 households and 23,623 families residing in the county . The population density was 92 per square mile ( 35/km2 ) . There were 35,761 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile ( 14/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.98 % White , 0.77 % Black or African American , 0.37 % Native American , 0.48 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.27 % from other races , and 1.11 % from two or more races . 3.30 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 33,844 households , of which 32.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.60 % were married couples living together , 11.80 % had a female householder with no husband present and 30.20 % were non-families . 24.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03 .
26.00 % of the population were under the age of 18 , 9.10 % from 18 to 24 , 28.60 % from 25 to 44 , 22.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 95.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.60 males .
The median household income was $ 40,089 and the median family income was $ 47,105 . Males had a median income of $ 31,642 vand females $ 24,243 . The per capita income was $ 19,275 . About 6.40 % of families and 8.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.00 % of those under age 18 and 6.30 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Avoca
Carson
Carter Lake
Council Bluffs
Crescent
Hancock
Macedonia
McClelland
Minden
Neola
Oakland
Treynor
Underwood
Walnut
Unincorporated community
Honey Creek
Census-designated places
Bentley
Loveland
Weston
Townships
Belknap
Boomer
Carson
Center
Crescent
Garner
Grove
Hardin
Hazel Dell
James
Kane
Keg Creek
Knox
Lake
Layton
Lewis
Lincoln
Macedonia
Minden
Neola
Norwalk
Pleasant
Rockford
Silver Creek
Valley
Washington
Waveland
Wright
York
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Pottawattamie County .
† county seat
Law enforcement
Pottawattamie County is served by the Pottawattamie County Sheriff 's Office consisting of 51 sworn deputies , 13 reserve deputies , 92 detention officers and eight civilian support staff . Its headquarters is located in Council Bluffs , Iowa .
Politics
Pottawattamie County is a strongly Republican county . The county last backed a Democratic presidential candidate in 1964 as the party won nationally by a landslide , & only voted Democratic in four other elections prior to that . Some recent elections were more competitive , with Barack Obama losing the county in 2008 by less than 1,000 votes . However , Donald Trump won the county by 21 % in 2016 and by 17 % in 2020 .
Education
School districts include :
Atlantic Community School District
AHSTW Community School District
Council Bluffs Community School District
Glenwood Community School District
Griswold Community School District
Lewis Central Community School District
Missouri Valley Community School District
Red Oak Community School District
Riverside Community School District
Treynor Community School District
Tri-Center Community School District
Underwood Community School District
There is also a state-operated school , Iowa School for the Deaf .
Former school districts :
A-H-S-T Community School District
Walnut Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pottawattamie County , Iowa
Notes
References
External links
Pottawattamie County Government 's website
Pottawattamie County Assessor 's website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1848 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1848
Abikusno Tjokrosujoso ( also spelled Abikoesno Tjokrosoejoso , or Abikusno Cokrosuyoso ; 1897–1968 ) was one of the Founding Fathers of Indonesian Independence and a signatory to the constitution . During the Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies , Tjokrosoejoso was a key figure in Masjumi , and was a member of the Central Advisory Council .. He later served on the `` Committee of Nine ” ( Panitia Sembilan ) that drafted the preamble ( known as the Jakarta Charter ) to Indonesia 's 1945 constitution . After independence , he served as the Minister of Transportation in Sukarno 's first Presidential Cabinet , and also became an advisor to the Bureau of Public Works . [ 1 ]
Tjokrosujono 's younger brother was Oemar Tjokroaminoto , the first leader of Sarekat Islam . After the death of his brother on December 17 , 1934 , Abikusno inherited the post of leader of the Indonesian Islamic States Party ( PSII ) . Along with Hoesni Thamrin , and Amir Sjarifoeddin , Tjokrosujoso formed the Indonesian National Political Assembly ( PPKI ) , a united front consisting of all political parties , groups , and social organizations advocating the country 's independence . The PPKI offered the Dutch colonial authorities full support in their defense against the Japanese if they were granted the right to establish a parliament under the rule of the Queen of the Netherlands . The Dutch refused the offer .
References
1897 births
1968 deaths
Indonesian collaborators with Imperial Japan
Members of the Central Advisory Council
Transport ministers of Indonesia
Rakhine Yoma Elephant Range is a protected area in Myanmar 's Rakhine Yoma mountains , covering about of evergreen and mixed deciduous forest at an elevation of .
Rakhine Yoma Elephant Range was established for the protection of the Asian elephant ( Elephas maximus ) . It harbours extensive tracts of bamboo ( Melocanna baccifera ) , which provide shelter for the endangered Arakan forest turtle ( Heosemys depressa ) .
Wildlife recorded during a camera trap survey in 2000 included large Indian civet ( Viverra zibetha ) , clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa ) , Asiatic golden cat ( Catopuma temminckii ) and leopard cat ( Prionailurus bengalensis ) .
In 2001 , Bufo crocus was discovered by a stream in the sanctuary at an elevation of .
In 2001 , the bent-toed geckos Cyrtodactylus ayeyarwadyensis and Cyrtodactylus wakeorum were discovered in the sanctuary and described as a new species in 2003 .
The presence of western hoolock gibbon ( Hoolock hoolock ) was confirmed during surveys in 2008 .
Wildlife present also includes gaur ( Bos gaurus ) , sun bear ( Helarctos malayanus ) , white-rumped vulture ( Gyps bengalensis ) , pale-capped pigeon ( Columba punicea ) , white-winged duck ( Asarcornis scutulata ) and beautiful nuthatch ( Sitta formosa ) .
References
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 2002
Steve Smith ( born August 8 , 1951 ) , professional clown and circus director , is best known to audiences as the clown character , `` TJ Tatters . ''
Biography
Smith grew up in Zanesville , Ohio , and is a 1969 graduate of Zanesville High School .
Steve Smith began his career in clowning as a graduate of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Clown College , Class of 1971 . He then toured with The Greatest Show on Earth for six seasons before leaving the show and moving to Chicago , Illinois , where he attended the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago ( now The Theatre School at DePaul University ) and earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in acting . At that time , he also hosted a children 's television series called Kidding Around for the local NBC affiliate , WMAQ-TV . He was the recipient of five Emmy Awards for Outstanding Achievement in Children 's Television and was a favorite among viewers for seven seasons .
Steve 's connection with Ringling Bros. resumed when he became Director of Clown College in 1985 , a post he held for ten years . He was also the director of the 123rd edition of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus
Smith became involved with the staging of numerous performances and productions from the off-Broadway hit The It Girl to programs for Walt Disney World to shipboard entertainment with Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines . Smith also worked with Academy Award-winning animator/cartoonist Chuck Jones as Talent Development Coordinator for Chuck Jones Enterprises . Smith continued to work with his boyhood hero until Mr. Jones 's death in 2002 .
In 2005 , Smith started working with the Big Apple Circus as their Guest Director for four productions , a collaboration that extended through five seasons , ending in 2010 .
In 2011 , Smith began his stint as Creative Director for Circus Arts Conservatory in Sarasota , Florida . And on April 1 , 2015 , Smith joined Circus Center , San Francisco 's circus training and performing arts center , as its Creative Director .
Awards
Smith was inducted into the Clown Hall of Fame in 1993 . He is also the recipient of several other honors including the Medal of Merit for Notable Achievement in Performing Arts from Ohio University , the Excellence in the Arts award from De Paul University , and the John and Mabel Ringling Museum of Art Circus Celebrity , Power Behind the Scenes .
References
American clowns
1951 births
Living people
DePaul University alumni
People from Zanesville , Ohio
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus people
Edward Gregory may refer to :
Edward John Gregory ( 1850–1909 ) , British painter
Edward Meeks Gregory ( 1922–1995 ) , Episcopal priest in Richmond , Virginia
Ned Gregory ( 1839–1899 ) , Australian cricketer
Eddie Gregory ( born 1952 ) , boxer
Ed Gregory ( born 1931 ) , basketball player
See also
Ted Gregory ( born 1965 ) , American football player
The James Jones Literary Society is an association that honors American author James Jones by sponsoring a number of literature awards .
History
The Society was founded in 1991 at Lincoln Trail College , Robinson , Illinois . As of 2008 , it had nearly 300 members from 34 states and 5 countries . The Society sponsors a national symposium every year , when the First Novel Fellowship is awarded ; these are held in different locations , but return every third year to Robinson , Jones 's home town .
First Novel Fellowship
The Society 's best known award is the Annual James Jones First Novel Fellowship , co-sponsored by Wilkes University . It was established in 1992 , and as of 2011 is a $ 10,000 prize , and two $ 750 runner-up awards , awarded to American authors of first novels in progress that honor `` the spirit of unblinking honesty , determination , and insight into modern culture '' that Jones 's works exemplified . 667 entries were received for the 2011 contest .
Laine Cunningham , winner of the 2003 award for her novel Message Stick , credits the award for US and international agents beginning to call her . She has since sponsored her own writing award .
Awards
Other awards
Since 2006 , the Society has co-sponsored the annual Illinois Emerging Writers Competition , created in 2005 by Secretary of State of Illinois and State Librarian Jesse White . Originally this consisted solely of the Gwendolyn Brooks Poetry Award , but since the co-sponsorship of the Society , it has also included the James Jones Short Story Award . Each category carries prizes of $ 500 , $ 300 , and $ 100 for unpublished works . Both are named after Illinois writers .
Since 2007 , the Society has been working to establish the James Jones Chair in World War II Studies at Eastern Illinois University .
The Society sponsors an annual Valentine Essay Contest , based on Jones 's short story , `` The Valentine '' , for high school seniors from Crawford County , Illinois and Clark County , Illinois . The $ 75 and $ 50 prizes are awarded on Valentine 's Day .
References
External links
James Jones Literary Society Official site
American literary awards
Literary societies
Organizations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Illinois
Awards established in 1992
1992 establishments in Illinois
The Republic of the Fiji Islands was the first Pacific Island country to establish diplomatic relations with the People 's Republic of China , in 1975 . China established an embassy in Fiji in 1976 , and Fiji opened its embassy in China in 2001 .
China-Fijian diplomatic and economic relations significantly increased in the first decade of the 21st century . In May 2009 , Fiji 's interim Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama described Fiji 's relationship with China as `` wonderful '' , while Vice-President of Fiji Ratu Epeli Nailatikau described the country 's `` relationship with the government and the people of the People 's Republic of China as one of its most important '' .
Context
detailed article : Sino-Pacific relations
Oceania is , to the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , a stage for continuous diplomatic competition . Ten states in Oceania recognise the PRC , and four recognise the ROC . These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies , and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei . In keeping with the `` One China Policy '' , it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with `` both Chinas '' , and this `` either/or '' factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations . In 2003 , the People 's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum , and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation . At the same time , PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added : `` [ T ] he PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan '' . In 2006 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States . The PRC would provide more economic aid , abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific 's least developed countries , annul the debt of those countries , distribute free anti-malaria medicines , and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff . Also in 2006 , Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands , which the Taipei Times described as `` a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan '' . Similarly , according to Ron Crocombe , Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific , `` There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country '' .
Scope
Economic relations
When relations were first established , Fiji had no exports to China , and the volume of Chinese exports to Fiji amounted to just €1.6 million . In 2002 , Chinese exports –consisting mainly in textiles , light industrial products and mechanical and electrical products– amounted to €21 million , while its imports from Fiji –mainly raw sugar , saw log and synthetics– amounted to €0.97 million .
The two countries signed an agreement on trade cooperation in 1997 , and an agreement on economic and technical cooperation in 2001 .
Military relations
Some research and spaceflight support vessels of the Yuan Wang class , including the Yuan Wang 5 and the Yuan Wang 7 , have used Kings Wharf at Suva to resupply . Chinese Ambassador Qian Bo has denied Australian media reports that the Yuan Wang 7 was used to spy on HMAS Adelaide while docked at Suva .
Culture and education
A small number of Fiji students study in China , some with a scholarship provided by the Chinese government .
Fiji has also welcomed cultural performances from China – including a number of “ martial art and acrobatic troupes ” . Since 2001 , Fiji Television relays programmes from China Central Television .
Top level visits
The countries ' leaders have visited one another regularly . Not counting stopover visits , top ranking Chinese government visitors to Fiji have included Vice Premier Chen Muhua in 1979 , Hu Yaobang ( General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party ) in 1985 , Premier Li Peng in 1992 , Vice Premier and Foreign Minister Qian Qichen in 1996 , Chi Haotian ( Vice Chairman of the Central Military Committee ) in 1998 , and Wu Yi ( Minister of Foreign Economic Cooperation and Trade ) in 1998 .
Top ranking Fiji government leaders to China have included Prime Minister Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara in 1979 , 1985 , 1988 and 1990 , Governor-General Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau in 1980 , Foreign Minister Filipe Bole in 1987 , Commander of the Fijian Armed Forces Sitiveni Rabuka in 1990 , President Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau in 1991 , Commander of the Fijian Armed Forces Epeli Ganilau in 1992 and 1997 , Prime Minister Sitiveni Rabuka in 1994 , Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Berenado Vunibobo in 1997 , Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudry in 1999 , Minister of Foreign Affairs , Trade and Sugar Kaliopate Tavola in 2001 and 2002 , and Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase in 2002 .
Current relations
In 1997 , Fiji opened its Fiji Trade and Tourism Representative Office in Taipei in Taiwan . Taiwan operates the Trade Mission of the Republic of China to the Republic of Fiji .
Fiji 's foreign policy under Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase ( 2000–2006 ) was ( in the latter 's own words ) to `` look north '' - i.e. , strengthen its relations with Asia in general and China in particular . Qarase stated : `` We look now for new markets , where there is flexibility of entry and a readiness to meet the export needs of small , isolated island countries . This is what we would like to engage on with China as we increasingly look north for the answers to our trade and investment aspirations . ''
In 2005 , Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian visited Fiji , where he was greeted by government delegates with `` full traditional Fijian ceremony of welcome '' - although he did not meet his counterpart President Ratu Josefa Iloilovatu Uluivuda , nor Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase . Ambassador Cai expressed China 's `` disappointment '' at Fiji for having authorised the visit . Later that year , relations were slightly strained once more when Fiji supported Taiwan 's wish to join the World Health Organization . Nonetheless , Qarase 's government did not vary from its official recognition of the `` One China '' policy .
Following the military coup in Fiji in December 2006 , the PRC distanced itself from the Western nations which condemned the overthrow of Qarase 's government . Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs deputy director general Deng Hongbo stated :
`` We have always respected Fiji 's status as an independent nation and we have called on the other countries to do the same and reconsider their attitudes towards Fiji and the current situation in the country . ''
The post-coup `` interim government '' led by Commodore Frank Bainimarama has continued Qarase 's `` look north '' policy . In July 2007 , Finance Minister Mahendra Chaudhry responded to the contrast between Western criticism and Chinese support for Bainimarama 's government :
“ Fiji has friends in China , it has friends in Korea , it has friends in [ … ] other Asian countries . We 're no longer relying on Australia and New Zealand . And in any event , the United States was not doing much for Fiji anyway . ”
Later that year , a China/Fiji Trade and Economic Commission was set up to enhance economic relations between the two countries . The PRC has maintained a position of support , calling on other countries to show `` understanding '' for Fiji 's situation . And although Fiji has no diplomatic relations with Taiwan , the latter 's Trade Mission representative in Fiji , Victor Chin , has also called on the international community not to pressure Fiji : “ I think we should give the interim government the benefit of the doubt . They committed to have an election when everything is ready . I think we should take their words [ sic ] for it . ”
In March 2008 , following unrest in Tibet , Fiji expressed its support for China 's actions in dealing with rioting in Lhasa . Shortly thereafter , police in Fiji arrested seventeen people who were protesting in support of Tibet outside China 's embassy in Suva . Those arrested were `` mainly women who had gathered peacefully '' , according to a Radio New Zealand International correspondent , and included human rights activist Shamima Ali .
A May 2008 article in the Sydney Morning Herald stated that `` China 's aid to Fiji has skyrocketed since the coup in December 2006 '' , from €650,000 to over €100,000,000 . The author of the article commented : `` Just as Australia and other Western donors are trying to squeeze [ Fiji 's ] rebel Government , China has dramatically stepped up its aid , effectively dissipating any pressure Western donors might have been generating . '' The author suggested that China did not wish to risk antagonising Fiji and thus unwittingly push the Bainimarama government towards seeking aid from Taiwan : `` China clearly finds itself boxed into a corner . On the one hand , Western states are asking it to help isolate the new dictatorship in Fiji . On the other , China faces the risk of losing a Fiji starved of funds to its renegade province , Taiwan . ''
In August 2008 , while on a visit to China , Commodore Bainimarama spoke of the `` very close and cordial relations that our two countries share in our trade , cultural and sporting linkages '' , and added :
`` Fiji will not forget that when other countries were quick to condemn us following the events of 1987 , 2000 and 2006 , China and other friends in Asia demonstrated a more understanding and sensitive approach to events in Fiji . The Government of the People 's Republic of China expressed confidence in our ability to resolve our problems in our way , without undue pressure of interference . ''
In February 2009 , at a time when Fiji was facing pressure from the Pacific Islands Forum over its apparent lack of progress towards a restoration of democracy , Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping paid a state visit to Fiji and met Prime Minister Bainimarama . On that occasion , Xi stated that he wished to `` further enhance [ China-Fiji ] exchanges and cooperation in such fields as culture , education , public health and tourism '' . Xinhua reported that , during Xi 's visit , China and Fiji had `` signed a number of cooperative deals '' by which China would provide Fiji with `` economic and technical assistance '' . China committed itself to increasing its imports from Fiji . Bainimarama , for his part , re-affirmed his country 's recognition of the One China policy , and , as reported by Fiji Village , `` thanked the Chinese government for fully recognizing Fiji 's sovereignty and adopting a policy of non-interference in its domestic affairs '' .
In May , Bainimarama told Australian reporter Graham Davis that , unlike Australia and New Zealand , the Chinese authorities were `` very sympathetic and understand what 's happening here , that we need to do things in our own way '' .
In June 2009 , the Fiji Democracy and Freedom Movement , an organisation founded in Australia to campaign for the restoration of democracy in Fiji , sent a petition to the Chinese embassy in Canberra , asking China to `` withdraw support for the military regime '' . At the same time , Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith asked China `` not to use [ its ] contacts with Fiji to undermine efforts to pressure Fiji to hold elections '' .
In February 2010 , when Fiji 's human rights record was examined by the Human Rights Council 's Universal Periodic Review , and several countries highlighted what they described as human rights violations under Commodore Bainimarama 's administration , the Chinese delegation intervened to `` commend the Fiji government for the efforts it has made in the promotion and protection of human rights '' .
On 10 May 2017 , Fiji closed its Fiji Trade and Tourism Representative Office in Taipei in Taiwan . Taiwan , however , still operates its trade mission to Fiji .
On October 8 2020 , Chinese embassy officials gatecrashed and then attacked Taiwanese officials as they were holding the ROC National Day celebration with Fijian officials . One of the Taiwan officials who was assaulted needed to be taken into hospital . One of the Chinese officials was also injured . The whole incident was condemned by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan ( MOFA ) , the Democratic Progresive Party ( DPP ) and the Kuomintang ( KMT ) . In the aftermath of this assault , Fiji says it will start protecting Taiwanese officials .
See also
Foreign relations of China # Fiji
Sino-Pacific relations # Fiji
References
Fiji
Bilateral relations of Fiji
Loop Mania is a mobile arcade video game developed by Umbrella and Games From Outer Space and published by Umbrella . It was released on 6 April 2016 for iOS and 27 May for Android .
Gameplay
Loop Mania is an endless arcade video game which has the player controlling a white circle revolving around the inside of an outlined circle . The circle while revolving collects medium-sized dots that are called `` coins '' which add to the overall score above . Collecting multiple dots continuously results in an increased multiplier that adds to the score and collecting all progresses the player to another round , which increases in difficulty and occasionally changes color scheme .
Enemy circles can enter the circle and touching them can result in game over for the player . They can either be dodged or attacked by the player , which gains score as well .
In the start menu and website for the game , they showcase overall the number of coins collected globally . As of August 2016 , Loop Mania has collected 1.81B coins overall currently .
Release
The game was announced on 6 April 2016 on the Umbrella YouTube account and released on 20 April for the App Store and 27 May for Google Play .
References
Android ( operating system ) games
IOS games
Mobile games
2016 video games
Video games developed in the United States
Arthur Winston ( March 22 , 1906 – April 13 , 2006 ) was a Los Angeles Metro employee for 76 years . He is best known for being honored as the `` Employee of the Century '' by the U.S. Department of Labor for his unparalleled reliability .
Biography
Winston was born and raised in Oklahoma Territory . His first job , at age 10 , was picking cotton . In 1918 , his family moved to California . Winston graduated from Jefferson High School in 1922 and got a job working for the Los Angeles Railway for four years before quitting because a black man could not drive a bus . He returned to work in January 1934 for the Los Angeles Railway where his income was 41 cents an hour .
In 1925 , he married Frances Smith . The couple had four children and five grandchildren , a number of great-grandchildren and a great-great grandson . The Winstons were married for 64 years until her death at age 82 in 1989 ; the sick day Winston took to attend his wife 's funeral was the only instance he missed work in 72 years .
Winston stayed with the agency through its name changes , starting from the Los Angeles Railway which became Los Angeles Transit Lines in 1945 , to the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transit Authority created in 1958 , the Southern California Rapid Transit District created in 1964 , and as it is known today Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority `` Metro '' created in 1993 .
In 1996 , President Bill Clinton awarded Winston the `` Employee of the Century '' citation for his work ethic and dedication . He is the most reliable worker that the United States Department of Labor has ever chronicled . He worked for 72 years without arriving late or leaving early and having taken the single sick day . He attributed his work ethic to his upbringing , asserting that his father taught him the value of hard work at an early age .
Upon his retirement on his 100th birthday , he stated that he was planning to visit his 98-year-old brother in Tennessee and had the intention of remaining active in various endeavors . `` I 'm going to keep active . I ca n't afford to just sit down . I would n't do that , '' he said . `` I do n't drink and I do n't smoke , so I feel alright . ''
Winston died of heart failure at his great-granddaughter 's home in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2006 , less than one month after his retirement . He is interred at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood , California . The Arthur Winston/Mid-Cities busyard in Leimert Park , Los Angeles is named in his honor .
References
External links
Official statement on Arthur Winston 's death
BBC Article on Arthur Winston
Voice of America Article
1906 births
2006 deaths
African-American centenarians
People from Los Angeles
American centenarians
Burials at Inglewood Park Cemetery
Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority
Men centenarians
20th-century African-American people
Bernard Kelly may refer to :
Bernard Kelly ( Irish politician ) ( 1808–1887 ) , Irish nationalist politician
Bernard Kelly ( American politician ) ( 1823– ? ) , American politician from New York
Bernard Matthew Kelly ( 1918–2006 ) , Roman Catholic bishop
Bernard Philip Kelly ( 1907–1958 ) , English Catholic philosopher
Bernard Kelly ( footballer ) ( born 1928 ) , English footballer
See also
Bernie Kelly ( disambiguation )
The Varsity Theatre is a historic movie theater in Martin , Tennessee , USA . The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Varsity Theatre was built in 1949 for the Ruffin Amusement Company of Covington , Tennessee . When it opened , it was the premier movie house in Martin and Weakley County , seating 1,000 people in its air-conditioned interior . The name `` varsity '' was chosen in recognition of the University of Tennessee College in Martin .
The building design , by the architecture firm Speight and Hibbs of Clarksville , Tennessee , incorporates elements of the Art Deco and Art Moderne styles . The exterior of the building has the streamlined appearance that characterizes Art Moderne design , including extensive use of rounded edges and horizontal lines . Art Moderne elements are also present in the interior , along with Art Deco-style lighting and wall decor . Built in the Jim Crow era , the building design provided segregated facilities for African-American moviegoers , who used a separate entrance door to get to the theater balcony and to segregated bathrooms and a drinking fountain located in the stairwell .
The theater operated until 1987 , then closed for several years because of its owner 's health problems . It reopened in 1992 , but closed in 1996 , when the building was taken over for use as a church . The church moved out in 2002 , and the building stood empty for several years before being converted to its current use as a fitness center and physical therapy clinic . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in August 2010 .
References
External links
Varsity Theatre , Cinema Treasures website
Buildings and structures in Weakley County , Tennessee
Former cinemas in the United States
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Weakley County , Tennessee
Soap Opera Weekly was a weekly magazine covering American daytime soap operas . It featured onscreen and offscreen news about the series , interviews with and articles about performers , storyline summaries and analysis , and related promotional information . Launched in November 1989 by News Corporation with Mimi Torchin as editor-in-chief , Weekly began as a sister magazine to Soap Opera Digest . News Corporation sold the magazine to K-III in 1991 . K-III was renamed Primedia , and sold its magazines to Source Interlink in 2007 .
American Media , Inc. took over Source Interlink 's soap magazines in 2011 ; Soap Opera Weekly ceased publication in 2012 .
References
External links
See also
Soap Opera Digest
Soap Opera Magazine
Soap Opera Update
Soaps In Depth
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines about soap operas
Magazines established in 1989
Magazines disestablished in 2012
Magazines published in New York City
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Ziegleria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae erected by Kurt Johnson in 1993 . The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm .
Species
Ziegleria ceromia ( Hewitson , 1877 )
Ziegleria denarius ( Butler & H. Druce , 1872 )
Ziegleria guzanta ( Schaus , 1902 )
Ziegleria hernandezi ( Johnson & Kroenlein , 1993 )
Ziegleria hesperitis ( Butler & H. Druce , 1872 )
Ziegleria hoffmani Johnson , 1993
Ziegleria micandriana ( Johnson , 1992 )
Ziegleria perisus ( H. H. Druce , 1907 )
Ziegleria syllis ( Godman & Salvin , [ 1887 ] )
References
Duarte , M. & Robbins , R. K. ( 2010 ) . `` Description and phylogenetic analysis of the Calycopidina ( Lepidoptera , Lycaenidae , Theclinae , Eumaeini ) : a subtribe of detritivores '' . Revista Brasileira de Entomologia . 54 ( 1 ) : 45-64 .
External links
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Qasam ( lit . The Vow ) is a Pakistani movie directed by Syed Noor starring Nadeem , Saleem Sheikh and Iram Hassan . This was the debut film for actor Saleem Sheikh , but it got delayed and film Mohabatt Kay Saudagar was released earlier starring Saleem Sheikh .
Plot
The story was based on a boy 's story whose parents split up because of his father 's second marriage & his mother took him away from his father .
Cast
Nadeem
Saleem Sheikh
Kaveeta
Iram Hassan
Kanwal
References
External links
1993 films
Pakistani drama films
Films directed by Syed Noor
Urdu-language films
Films scored by Amjad Bobby
Bulu may refer to :
Bulu ( bread ) ( or Bolo ) , a sweet , round bread of Sephardi Jewish origin
Bulu ( Fijian mythology ) , the underworld in the mythology of Fiji
A subgroup of the Beti-Pahuin people of Cameroon
Bulu language , spoken by the Bulu people of Cameroon
Bulu , Zimbabwe , found in Matabeleland South , Zimbabwe
Bulu , Rembang , on Indonesian National Route 1 in Central Java , Indonesia
Bulu , Sukoharjo , part of Sukoharjo Regency in Central Java , Indonesia
Bulu , Temanggung , on Indonesian National Route 9 in Central Java , Indonesia
Tapu Bulu , a Pokémon species introduced in Pokémon Sun and Moon
MDHC may stand for :
McKay-Dee Hospital Center ( Ogden , Utah )
Mersey Docks and Harbour Company ( Liverpool , UK )
Berlești is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of seven villages : Bârzeiu , Berlești , Gâlcești , Lihulești , Pârâu Viu , Scrada and Scurtu .
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Yasmin Deliz ( born June 2 , 1987 ) is a Venezuelan American singer-songwriter , model , and actress . She is best known for her starring role in Next Day Air and her work as co-host on mun2 's music video countdown show Vivo and reality television show The Chicas Project .
Career
In 2006 , Deliz was offered a deal on Mun2 for two shows Deliz started working as a VJ on the show `` Vivo '' for mun2 , a Latin music television network .
In January 2007 , she teamed up with fellow VJ , Crash in mun2 's reality show The Chicas Project . The show is based on two close friends of different styles and backgrounds that are sent out on adventures each week , where they learn new talents like how to surf , host events , or perform outrageous stunts like skydiving . Keeping with the mission of mun2 , no matter what they do , the chicas always try to keep themselves and their identity rooted in their Latin background . The show is premiered its 4th season on July 9 . Deja The Great then introduced Deliz to long-time friend Director Benny Boom ( Next Day Air ) on the set of Brooke Valentine 's video shoot Dope Girl featuring Pimp C directed by Boom which Deliz featured in .
She appeared in as the main girl in New Kids on the Block 's 2008 music video Single , which also features Ne-Yo .
She made her film debut as Chita in the 2009 film Next Day Air alongside Donald Faison , Mike Epps , Omari Hardwick , and Wood Harris .
Filmography
References
External links
Yasmin Deliz on Myspace
1987 births
Living people
Female models from New York ( state )
American film actresses
Venezuelan emigrants to the United States
American television actresses
Actresses from New York City
Hispanic and Latino American female models
American people of Dominican Republic descent
American people of Colombian descent
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
People from Queens , New York
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Karan ( , also Romanized as Karān and Karrān ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 278 , in 68 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Metallica : Through the Never is a soundtrack album for the film of the same name , consisting of live recordings by American heavy metal band Metallica . It was released on September 24 , 2013 , via Blackened Recordings and has charted in several countries .
All tracks on the soundtrack are live recordings from their Canadian shows at Rexall Place in Edmonton , Alberta , on August 17 and 18 , 2012 , and Rogers Arena in Vancouver , British Columbia , on August 24 , 25 and 27 , 2012 , with the exception of `` Orion '' , which was recorded live at soundcheck .
Track listing
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Personnel
James Hetfield – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Kirk Hammett – lead guitar , backing vocals
Robert Trujillo – bass , backing vocals
Lars Ulrich – drums
References
External links
2013 live albums
2013 soundtrack albums
Metallica live albums
Thriller film soundtracks
Heavy metal soundtracks
Metallica soundtracks
Self-released albums
The Regiment Huzaren Prins Alexander is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army , named after Prince Alexander , the second son of King Willem II . This regiment represented the former 3rd Hussars Regiment , formed in 1814 ( origins date back to 1672 ) . It was known as the Red ( because of the red colour on their uniform ) or Guards Hussars , but was never a Guards regiment .
The Regiment Huzaren Prinses Catharina-Amalia , which is a company in the 414th Panzer Battalion , is a cavalry regiment formed in late 2020 through the amalgamation of three other Dutch cavalry regiments that , at the time , existed in suspension - the Regiment Huzaren Prins Alexander , Regiment Huzaren Van Sytzama and Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje .
Tank battalions of the Regiment Hussars Prince Alexander
41 Tankbattalion - Activated on June 1 , 1953 , and based at Hohne Camp , Germany . The unit operated the Leopard 1 from 1971 - 1984 . In 1983 ( or 1985 ) the unit received their first Leopard 2A4s which they operated until April 1994 . On August 1 , 1994 , the unit was disbanded ,
42nd Tankbattalion - Before 1991 42 Tkbat was part of the Regiment Hussars Prince Alexander . The unit was activated on April 1 , 1972 , and operated with the Leopard 1 until July 1985 . From that moment the Leopard 1s were replaced by the Leopard 2A4 . In 1991 the unit became part of the Regiment Hussars Prince of Orange .
52nd Tankbattalion - Activated on May 1 , 1987 , at the mobilization complex Soesterberg and equipped with the Leopard 1V . In 1992 the Leopard 1V were replaced by the Leopard 2A4 and on February 1 , 1994 , the unit was disbanded .
57th Tankbattalion - Located at the mobilization complex Wilp and equipped with the Leopard 2A4 from 1986 - July 1 , 1992 . On July 1 , 1992 , the unit was disbanded .
58th Tankbattalion - Activated in December 1973 and located at mobilization-complex Wijchen . The unit was equipped with the Leopard 1V from 1986 - 1992 . The unit was disbanded on January 1 , 1994 .
101st Tankbattalion - Activated on October 15 , 1957 . Before the Leopard it was equipped with the Centurion tank . In November 1984 these Centurions were replaced by the Leopard 1V . From February 1992 - 1998 the unit was equipped with the Leopard 2A4.In 1998 the A4s were replaced by the A5 and from February 2003 the A6 replaced the A5s . The unit was activated at Soesterberg , then moved to Seedorf and then disbanded on December 20 , 2005 . 101 Tkbat was disbanded and the two companies of the battalion were split up between 11th Tkbat and 42nd tankbat where they became the 3rd company ( C Squadron ) .
External links
Dutch Cavalry Museum
Regiments of the Netherlands
Mercy Medical Center is a hospital located in Baltimore , Maryland . Mercy has been recognized as the # 2 hospital in the State of Maryland for 2014-15 by U.S. News & World Report .
Current Facility
The landmark McCauley Tower building of the hospital along St. Paul Place to the west of North Calvert Street , opened in 1963 and is located at 301 St. Paul Place . Its form was quite unusual in that the upper two-thirds of the building of tan/light brown bricks spread out fifty yards out above the lower five stories . Additionally the later Mary Bunting Tower skyscraper buildings and annexes further north along the east side of St. Paul Place and North Calvert Street to East Pleasant Street , and to the next block at the elevated Orleans Street Viaduct ( over Bath Street ) were built in the mid-2010s with additional parking garages attached to the east along Guilford Avenue .
History
Founding
Historically , Mercy was founded as `` Baltimore City Hospital '' by six Sisters of Mercy , a Roman Catholic order of nuns , on November 11 , 1874 , which was a merger of the Washington University School of Medicine [ not the same institution with a similar name now located in St. Louis , Missouri ] ; ( also known as a later re-incarnation of the Washington Medical College of Baltimore and the College of Physicians and Surgeons , earlier institutions from 1870 , that the Sisters had been invited to assist with by local doctors . Their buildings were located at the northwest corner of North Calvert and East Saratoga Streets , among which was a former schoolhouse and consisted of a medical dispensary under the later name of `` Baltimore City Hospital '' ( ( not to be confused with an earlier Baltimore Town and later municipal `` Almshouse '' ( founded 1773 ) , which relocated to the eastern city limits and became known as the `` Bay View Asylum '' , and later known by the 1930s as `` The Baltimore City Hospitals '' off Eastern Avenue beyond the outer city neighborhoods of Highlandtown , Canton and Greektown . It was west of the large suburban areas in Baltimore County of Essex , Middle River , and northwest of Dundalk and Sparrows Point . It was acquired from the City in 1984 by Johns Hopkins Hospital and Johns Hopkins University at the beginning of their joint expanded statewide medical system , and renamed `` Francis Scott Key Medical Center '' , then later Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center ) ) . A collection of Baltimore City Hospitals ' papers can be found at the National Library of Medicine .
Expansion
Initially , the Mercy Hospital expanded to the north with buildings along Calvert Street towards East Pleasant Street . By the mid-1950s , the Hospital acquired the structures to the west along St. Paul Street/former Courtland Street , north of East Saratoga and south of East Pleasant Streets , which formerly housed the offices of the Baltimore City Department of Public Welfare ( later known as Social Services ) . These buildings had served the poor and destitute of Baltimore for several decades and a newer renovated structure was now being created on Greenmount Avenue near East Oliver Streets by the Green Mount Cemetery in the early 1950s . So the old Public Welfare structures were available for Mercy to expand into temporarily and later to replace with a new landmark symbol and tower .
Eventually the Mercy medical hospital and nursing school expanded to the west along East Saratoga Street to the neighboring Saint Paul Place
References
External links
Baltimore City Hospitals Records ( 1952-1965 ) —National Library of Medicine finding aid
Downtown Baltimore
Hospitals in Baltimore
Hospital buildings completed in 1963
The Capt . George Raabe House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 1.5-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places . Built in 1902 , it was added to the register in 1989 .
The house , which combines elements of the American Craftsman , Shingle , and Colonial Revival architectural styles , was home to Captain George Raabe , who piloted steamships on the Columbia and Willamette rivers for the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company ( OR & N ) . Features include a broad side-gabled roof with a half-tower , classical columns that support the front porch , and fluted pilasters by the main entrance . Originally a single-family dwelling , the house was converted to two dwellings in the 1940s . The first floor apartment has five rooms , and the upstairs apartment has three . A second front door , added in the 1983 , leads to stairs to the second floor .
History
Raabe , born in Norway in 1852 , moved to California with his parents in 1866 and to Oregon about two years later , after which he went to work for OR & N . Raabe was made captain of the steamship Old McMinnville ; later he supervised construction of William H. Hoag . In 1880 , he built Salem and later commanded Multnomah . In 1898 , he went to Alaska during a gold rush to pilot steamers on the Stikine River .
Returning to Portland in about 1900 , Raabe bought the house from the estate of James C. Hawthorne , a prominent East Portland physician . Once again piloting steamers on local rivers , Raabe lived in the house until he sold it to John H. James in about 1907 . He later returned to Alaska to pilot boats on the Yukon River between White Horse and Dawson .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland , Oregon
References
1902 establishments in Oregon
American Craftsman architecture in Oregon
Buckman , Portland , Oregon
Colonial Revival architecture in Oregon
Houses completed in 1902
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Portland , Oregon
Portland Eastside MPS
Shingle Style architecture in Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
Strip cropping is a method of farming which involves cultivating a field partitioned into long , narrow strips which are alternated in a crop rotation system . It is used when a slope is too steep or when there is no alternative method of preventing soil erosion . The most common crop choices for strip cropping are closely sown crops such as hay , wheat , or other forages which are alternated with strips of row crops , such as corn , soybeans , cotton , or sugar beets . The forages serve primarily as cover crops . In certain systems , strips in particularly eroded areas are used to grow permanent protective vegetation ; in most systems , however , all strips are alternated on an annual basis .
Dimensions
Widths of strips are determined by a number of factors , with the two most important being the average wind velocity in a specific site and the features of the slope , particularly the gradient . Each strip typically ranges from 25 feet ( 7.6 m ) to 75 feet ( 23 m ) in width , but certain conditions may necessitate widths outside of this range . A minimum width of 50 feet ( 15 m ) is ideal for the use of most farm equipment .
Use in conservation
The growing of a cultivated crop ( as corn ) in strips alternating with strips of a sod-forming crop ( as hay ) arranged to follow an approximate contour of the land and minimize erosion .
Strip cropping helps to stop soil erosion by creating natural dams for water , helping to preserve the strength of the soil . Certain layers of plants will absorb minerals and water from the soil more effectively than others . When water reaches the weaker soil that lacks the minerals needed to make it stronger , it normally washes it away . When strips of soil are strong enough to slow down water from moving through them , the weaker soil ca n't wash away like it normally would . Because of this , farmland stays fertile much longer .
The term strip cropping also refers to a method of dry farming sometimes used in areas including parts of the Great Plains of the United States and the Prairies of Canada . To accumulate moisture in these dry areas , cropland is periodically left fallow . Typically , the fallow and planted areas are organized in parallel long , narrow strips that are oriented normal to the prevailing winds , in order to minimize the erosion of soil from the bare fields .
Strip farming helps to prevent mass erosion by having the roots of crops hold on to the soil to prevent it from being washed away .
In the midwestern US , prairie strips integrate `` native plant species into farm fields as contour buffers and edge-of-field filters . '' Prairie strips attract pollinators , build soil health , help prevent erosion , and provide wildlife habitat .
Types
Strip intercropping
Intercropping is the practice of growing two or more crops in the same field . In strip intercropping , the field is still divided into strips , but the strips are narrower and contiguous . This helps facilitate modern farm machinery as well as allowing adjoining plants to benefit from synergistic growth effects .
Contour stripcropping
Contour stripcropping involves employing a crop rotation system down a slope in order to minimize runoff and rain velocity . It is used mainly on gentle slope gradients . The width of protective strips is often higher than that of the row crop strips so that they may effectively intercept runoff .
References
Agriculture by type
Soil
Michael J. McAlister is a special effects artist . He has been nominated on at least eleven occasions for special or visual effects awards and has won at least three of such awards : an Oscar , a BAFTA and an Emmy .
Awards
1985 : won an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ( film first released in 1984 )
1985 : won a British Academy Film Award for Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ( film first released in 1984 )
1986 : won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects for Ewoks : The Battle for Endor ( TV movie first aired in 1985 )
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Best Visual Effects Academy Award winners
Best Visual Effects BAFTA Award winners
Special effects people
Living people
Emmy Award winners
Charles John Dodd ( – July 24 , 1947 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and judge from New York .
Life
Dodd was born circa 1873 in Brooklyn , New York . He was the son of James Dodd , a sea captain and Elizabeth Hughes , an Irish immigrant from Dublin .
Dodd attended Boys High School , he spent five years working for the Manhattan law firm Seward , Guthrie & Steele , later known as Cravath , Swaine & Moore . He became managing attorney of the firm . He then began attending New York Law School in 1895 , graduating from there in 1897 . He was admitted to the bar a year later , and practiced law in both Brooklyn and Manhattan . He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from St. John 's University in 1931 .
In 1904 , Dodd was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat , representing the Kings County 6th District . He served in the Assembly in 1905 . In 1908 , Mayor McClellan appointed him justice of the Second District Municipal Court . In 1910 , Mayor Gaynor appointed him City Magistrate . Gaynor re-appointed him to a full term in 1911 , and in 1921 Mayor Hylan appointed him for another full term .
In 1922 , Dodd was elected Brooklyn District Attorney . He served from 1923 to 1929 . In 1929 , he was elected Justice of the Second Judicial District of the State Supreme Court . He served as Justice from 1930 to 1942 .
In 1907 , Dodd married Florence Pigeon . Their children were George V. , Charles J. Jr. , and Robert A . His brother Rev . Francis J. was president of St. Joseph 's College and director of the Sisters of Charity . He was active in Catholic charities and fraternal circles . He founded the Catholic Lawyers Guild in 1934 , and in 1944 Pope Pius XI made him a Knight of St. Gregory . He was also vice president of the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum of the Diocese of Brooklyn and a director of St. Vincent 's Home and the Emerald Association . He was a member of Knights of Columbus , the Brooklyn Bar Association , the Society of Old Brooklynites , the Royal Arcanum , and the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick .
Dodd died at home after a six-month illness on July 24 , 1947 . He was buried in Holy Cross Cemetery .
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
1870s births
1947 deaths
Kings County District Attorneys
Politicians from Brooklyn
19th-century American lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American judges
New York Supreme Court Justices
Municipal judges in the United States
Boys High School ( Brooklyn ) alumni
New York Law School alumni
20th-century American politicians
New York ( state ) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
Catholics from New York ( state )
Knights of St. Gregory the Great
American people of Irish descent
Burials at Holy Cross Cemetery , Brooklyn
The 2017 Metropolitan FA season is the club 's third season of existence . The club will play in the Puerto Rico Soccer League , the first tier of the Puerto Rico soccer pyramid .
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Bayamon Cup
The 2017 Metropolitan FA team announced the A team will be participating in the Bayamon City Cup .
Matches
Don Bosco Cup
The 2017 Metropolitan FA team announced the B team will be participating in the Don Bosco Cup .
Matches
PRSL
The 2017 PRSL regular season schedule has not been announced .
Copa Luis Villarejo
The 2017 Copa Luis Villarejo schedule has not been announced .
References
Fert may refer to :
Albert Fert , a French physicist who enabled a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disk drives .
FERT , the motto of the former Italian Royal House of Savoy
Dahir
The long name of the Cyrillic letter Ef
A very weak opening bid in the game of contract bridge ( short for fertiliser ) , used in strong pass systems ; see Glossary of contract bridge terms # fert
Nazem El Sayed ( born 1975 ) is a Lebanese poet . He studied Arabic literature at the Lebanese University . He has published several collections of Arabic prose poetry , and his work has been frequently anthologized . He was one of the writers included in the Beirut39 selection of young Arab writers .
El Sayed lives in Washington , D.C ..
References
Lebanese poets
1975 births
Living people
Poets from Washington , D.C .
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Xinjiang ground jay ( Podoces biddulphi ) or Biddulph 's ground jay , is a species of bird in the family Corvidae . It is endemic to China . It is not larger than an adult human 's hand and has a brownish white coat of feathers .
Since 2004 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has listed the jay 's conservation status as `` Near Threatened '' due to habitat fragmentation and degradation .
References
Xinjiang ground jay
Birds of Western China
Endemic birds of China
Xinjiang ground jay
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rachid Amrane ( born March 15 , 1974 in Mostaganem ) ( ) is an Algerian international footballer .
Honours
Topscorer of the 1997 Arab Cup Winners ' Cup with MC Oran with 6 goals
Topscorer of the Qatar Stars League with Ittihad Doha in the 2001-02 season with 16 goals .
Topscorer of the Algerian Ligue 2 with ASM Oran in the 2004-05 season with 20 goals .
Qadsia Stats
References
1974 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
Algeria international footballers
MC Oran players
ES Sétif players
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Al-Gharafa SC players
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
People from Mostaganem
ASM Oran players
Qadsia SC players
Qatar Stars League players
ES Mostaganem players
Association football forwards
Kuwait Premier League players
CS Constantine players
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
21st-century Algerian people
Tyler Strafaci ( born July 23 , 1998 ) is an American professional golfer who attended Georgia Tech . In 2020 , he won the U.S . Amateur Championship .
Amateur career
Strafaci was born in Davie , Florida . He graduated from American Heritage School in Plantation , Florida , winning the state championship in 2015 . He was the No . 1 ranked amateur in Florida before enrolling at Georgia Tech in 2016 .
He reached the round of 32 at the U.S . Amateur in 2017 , defeating future PGA Tour winner Matthew Wolff in the opening round . He made his PGA Tour debut in March 2018 at the Valspar Championship . He also qualified for the 2018 U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills .
In 2020 , Strafaci won the North and South Amateur in July . He then won the U.S . Amateur at Bandon Dunes in August , defeating SMU 's Ollie Osborne 1 up in the 36-hole final . He joined his Georgia Tech roommate , Andy Ogletree , as well as Matt Kuchar and Bobby Jones as Yellow Jackets to win the championship .
Strafaci was a member of the winning American Walker Cup team in 2021 , then announced he was turning pro .
Professional career
Strafaci made his professional debut at the AT & T Byron Nelson in May 2021 , missing the cut . He made his first cut on the PGA Tour at the Memorial Tournament in June , finishing in a tie for 57th place .
Family life
Strafaci is the grandson of Frank Strafaci , winner of the U.S . Amateur Public Links in 1935 and the North and South Amateur in 1938 and 1939 , the same tournament Tyler won 81 years later . Frank finished in ninth place at the 1937 U.S. Open .
Amateur wins
2013 Broward County Amateur
2017 Valspar Collegiate
2020 North and South Amateur , Palmetto Amateur , U.S . Amateur
2021 Georgia Cup
Source :
Results in major championships
Results not in chronological order before 2019 and in 2020 .
CUT = missed the half-way cut
NT = No tournament due to COVID-19 pandemic
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Walker Cup : 2021 ( winners )
References
External links
American male golfers
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men 's golfers
Golfers from Florida
1998 births
Living people
Anthropological theories of value attempt to expand on the traditional theories of value used by economists or ethicists . They are often broader in scope than the theories of value of Adam Smith , David Ricardo , John Stuart Mill , Karl Marx , etc . usually including sociological , political , institutional , and historical perspectives ( transdisciplinarity ) . Some have influenced feminist economics .
The basic premise is that economic activities can only be fully understood in the context of the society that creates them . The concept of `` value '' is a social construct , and as such is defined by the culture using the concept . Yet we can gain some insights into modern patterns of exchange , value , and wealth by examining previous societies . An anthropological approach to economic processes allows us to critically examine the cultural biases inherent in the principles of modern economics . Anthropological linguistics is a related field that looks at the terms we use to describe economic relations and the ecologies they are set within . Many anthropological economists ( or economic anthropologists ) are reacting against what they see as the portrayal of modern society as an economic machine that merely produces and consumes .
Marcel Mauss and Bronisław Malinowski for example wrote about objects that circulate in society without being consumed . Georges Bataille wrote about objects that are destroyed , but not consumed . Bruce Owens talks about objects of value that are neither circulating nor consumed ( e.g . gold reserves , warehoused paintings , family heirlooms ) .
Value as meaning-making
David Graeber attempts to synthesize the insights of Karl Marx and Marcel Mauss . He sees value as a model for human meaning-making . Starting with Marxist definitions of consumption and production , he introduces Mauss 's idea of `` objects that are not consumed '' and posits that the majority of human behavior consists of activities that would not be properly categorized as either consumption or production .
List of things that are neither consumption nor production
A list of things that are neither consumption nor production in 2003 includes those human activities that are not consumption , in the narrow sense of simply purchasing something , and are not production , in the sense of creating or modifying something intended for sale or exchange , namely :
cooking a meal
extinguishing a fire
dressing and undressing
applying makeup
watching television
playing in a band
falling in love
reading
listening to music
going to a museum or gallery
taking a photograph
gardening
writing
conducting a coming of age ceremony
going window shopping
exercising
acting
turning around in a circle
teaching
having an argument
playing games
having sex
attending a religious service
looking at old photos
critiquing art
Criticisms
Some behaviors that do not appear to fall under the categories of consumption or production can be interpreted as complex or indirect examples of consumption or production . For example , writing might be treated as the production of material for someone to consume through reading , and might be performed for some return in value ( such as prestige ) . Other behaviors may be usefully interpreted as analogous to consumption or production . For example , window shoppers can be seen as consuming a product by spending attention on shop displays , which are produced by marketers . In addition , some behaviors that do not appear to match the description of consumption can be understood as replacements for consumption . For example , a person that cooks a meal instead of purchasing it can be seen as having paid for that meal through labor instead of wages . Gary Becker 's household production functions and similar topics note that people often purchase goods and then combine them with time to produce something that has meaning or practicality to them ( which produce utility ) .
See also
Conformity
Reciprocity ( cultural anthropology )
Westernization
References
Anthropology
Economic anthropology
Social constructionism
Value ( ethics )
Axiological theories
Shih Yi-fang ( ; born 10 February 1962 ) is a Taiwanese engineer and politician .
Education and early career
He earned a bachelor 's degree at National Taiwan University of Science and Technology , and obtained his master 's of civil engineering from National Central University . Shih has served as spokesman for a collective of civil engineering professional associations and represented the Farglory Group .
Political career
Shih was placed on the Democratic Progressive Party 's party list for the first time in 2008 , and was defeated . He again represented the DPP as a proportional representation candidate in 2012 , and lost for a second time . Shih ran for an at-large seat in 2016 . Though he lost , Shih was selected to replace Lee Ying-yuan when Lee took office as minister of the Environmental Protection Administration . Shih was sworn in as a member of the Ninth Legislative Yuan on 26 May 2016 .
References
1962 births
Living people
Politicians of the Republic of China on Taiwan from Changhua County
National Taiwan University of Science and Technology alumni
National Central University alumni
Taiwanese civil engineers
Daniel Weyandt is the third and current vocalist of the American metalcore band , Zao . He was also the bassist for Seasons in the Field and current bassist for Lonely//Ghost//Parade . Weyandt is also a tattooer and owns a shop in his hometown , Greensburg , Pennsylvania .
History
According to Zao 's DVD , The Lesser Lights of Heaven , Weyandt started his music career with the band Seasons in the Field with friends Guitarist Russ Cogdell , Drummer Bob Bigelow , and Vocalist Jason Keener in 1996 , which were originally named Sower . After a while , Bigelow left and was replaced by Stephen Peck . They recorded their split album , Psalms of Ariana with Pensive . Their song , `` Eternity '' is on the compilation album Blessed be the Killing from Deadself Records . In 1998 , Seasons in the Field disbanded , and Weyandt and Cogdell joined Zao . The full line-up consisted of , Jason Keener on lead vocals , Russ Cogdell on guitars , Dan Weyandt on bass and backing vocals , Stephen Peck on drums , Bob Bigelow formerly on drums , and Jeremiah Momper formerly on guitars .
After Seasons in the Field broke up , Weyandt and Cogdell were recruited by drummer Jesse Smith of Zao , along with Brett Detar of Pensive ( Who later started The Juliana Theory ) , following Shawn Jonas , Roy Goudy , and Mic Cox leaving . They recorded their Zao debut , and Solid State Records debut , Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest . In 1998 , Zao recorded the Training for Utopia / Zao split EP with Training for Utopia . After recording the EP , Detar left , and was replaced by Scott Mellinger ( formerly of Creation Is Crucifixion ) . Bassist Rob Horner joined soon after and they recorded Liberate Te Ex Inferis . In 2000 , Cogdell left for a time and the band recorded Self-Titled . Zao `` broke-up '' in 2001 , but later in 2002 they re-formed and recorded Parade of Chaos . In 2004 , Cogdell re-joined and they started to write new music , when Jesse Smith and Rob Horner left . Former Seasons in the Field member , Stephen Peck , along with bassist Shawn Koschick joined Zao and the band recorded The Funeral of God . After this Peck and Koschick left the band and were replaced by former Pensive member Martin Lunn and Jeff Gretz of From Autumn to Ashes . On the `` Under the Gun Tour '' in 2006 , Weyandt broke four bones in his left hand . The band had to drop off the tour , due to his injuries .
This line-up recorded The Fear Is What Keeps Us Here and Awake ? . After Awake ? the band went on five-year unofficial hiatus . In 2010 , after Zao took a five-year hiatus , Weyandt , Mellinger , Stephen Peck , and Matt Vo ( of Rhetoric ) started a project , named Lonely//Ghost//Parade . They have released a single titled `` Stand in the Fire '' and a Split EP with Feral King . In 2015 , the band resurfaced . The bands ' debut ( non-split ) EP , Xenophobe was released on July 10 , 2015 . The band released their 11th album , The Well-Intentioned Virus on December 9 , 2016 . On November 3 , 2017 , the band released their sophomore EP , Pyrrhic Victory on their label Observed/Observer . In 2021 , the band released their twelfth studio album , The Crimson Corridor via Observed/Observer .
Influences
Weyandt stated the bands that got him into heavy metal and hardcore punk were Passover , a local band that gained popularity , and Overcome . He states that his five most influential albums include Passover 's No Retreat/Passover split , Black Flag 's Damaged , Iron Monkey 's self-titled , Neurosis 's Through Silver in Blood , and Slayer 's Seasons in the Abyss .
Lyrics
Weyandt is the primary lyrical composer of Zao . The Blood & Fire songs `` Lies of Serpents '' and `` Ravage Ritual '' deal with hypocrisy in the Christian Church , while songs like `` To Think of You Is to Treasure an Absent Memory '' deal with the death of family and friends . Songs from Liberate such as `` Savannah '' deals with the suicide of a woman who got in a car accident . The song `` Scars that Do n't Speak '' deals with an ex-girlfriend of Weyandt 's being assaulted by a youth pastor . Songs off the upcoming album , The Well Intentioned Virus , deal with the miscarriage of Weyandt 's child , fever dreams of Weyandt 's personal experience , and a broken suicide pact .
Religion
Weyandt was an outspoken Christian , but in a later interview it was stated that the only Zao member with Christian beliefs was bassist Martin Lunn . According to Scott Mellinger , Weyandt is no longer a Christian but an agnostic but still spiritual .
Bands
Current
Zao ( 1997–present )
Lonely//Ghost//Parade ( 2010–present )
Former
Seasons in the Field ( 1996–1998 )
Discography
Sower
Level Ground on Which to Stand ( 1996 )
Seasons in the Field
Psalms of Ariana ( 1997 , w/ Pensive )
Zao
See Zao discography
Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest ( 1998 )
Liberate Te Ex Inferis ( 1999 )
Self-Titled ( 2000 )
Parade of Chaos ( 2002 )
All Else Failed ( 2003 )
The Funeral of God ( 2004 )
The Fear Is What Keeps Us Here ( 2006 )
Awake ? ( 2009 )
Xenophobe ( 2015 )
The Well Intentioned Virus ( 2016 )
Pyrrhic Victory ( 2017 )
Hide From The Light ( 2018 , w/ Yashira )
The Crimson Corridor ( 2021 )
Lonely//Ghost//Parade
`` Stand in the Fire '' Single ( 2010 )
Feral King/Lonely Ghost Parade Split EP ( 2012 )
Guest appearances
`` Control is Dead '' by As I Lay Dying on their album , Shadows Are Security
`` Bare Your Teeth '' by Still Remains on their album , Ceasing to Breathe
On The Red Shore 's album , Unconsecrated
`` This Valentine Ai n't No Saint '' by The Juliana Theory on their album Deadbeat Sweetheartbeat
`` Witchhunt '' by Metavari on the album , Symmetri
`` Skin Crawl '' ( featuring Bruce Fitzhugh of Living Sacrifice and Brian `` Head '' Welch of Korn ) by Islander on their album It 's Not Easy Being Human
As interviewee
Zao - The Lesser Lights Of Heaven ( 2005 )
Zao - The Making of The Fear Is What Keeps Us Here ( 2006 )
Unearth - Alive from the Apocalypse ( 2008 )
References
External links
Psalms of Ariana review
American male bass guitarists
American bass guitarists
American male singers
Guitarists from Pennsylvania
Living people
Musicians from Pittsburgh
Singers from Pennsylvania
Solid State Records artists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Zao ( American band ) members
The 2000 Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 4 May 2000 to elect members of Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council in England . This election was held on the same day as other local elections .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Election results
Overall election result
Overall result compared with 1999 .
Ward results
Bebington
Bidston
Birkenhead
Bromborough
Clatterbridge
Claughton
Eastham
Egerton
Heswall
Hoylake
Leasowe
Liscard
Moreton
New Brighton
Oxton
Prenton
Royden
Seacombe
Incumbent councillor for Bromborough and leader of the council Dave Jackson died in April 2000 , days before he was due to stand , causing the election to be delayed .
Thurstaston
Tranmere
Upton
Wallasey
Changes between 2000 and 2002
Notes
• italics denote the sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate
References
2000 English local elections
2099
2000s in Merseyside
The Maoist insurgency in Bangladesh is an ongoing conflict between the government of Bangladesh and the PBCP and the PBCP-J .
History
The Purbo Banglar Communist Party was founded in 1968 . During the Bangladesh Liberation War the group aligned itself with Pakistan and China against Bangladeshi nationalists and the Soviet Union .
But only in the 1990s did he begin to be active in criminal activities ( such as extortion , murder , kidnapping , to finance his armed struggle ) . During the In 1993 the group started a war against the BCP for the control of the territory and for ideological differences ( the BCP is only Maoist , instead the PBCP has become over the years a mixture of Maoism and Naxalitism ) . In the 2000s the group underwent several splits , the most important , which took place in 2003 , formed the PBCP-J group ( Purga Banglar Communist Party-Janajuddha , that wants a socialist revolution ) thus starting an internal conflict that will cause 18 victims . In 2002 , Gazi Kamrul , founder of BCP was detained from his residence , known as White House , by joint forces during Operation Clean Heart on 23 August 2002 . Since 2005 the PBCP began to extend its insurrection with terrorist attacks , clashes with the government and with rival groups and some Islamist groups .
In 2006 the PBCP-J also began to carry out attacks and to clash with the government . Between 2005 and 2006 , 379 peoples died in the insurgency . After this period , the insurrection diminished in intensity from year to year with few incidents and clashes .
Casualties
From 1993 to 2022 there were 1,192 deaths in the insurgency . From the period 2003-2006 ( the most violent period of the insurgency ) there were 724 deaths .
See also
Terrorism in Bangladesh
Crime in Bangladesh
References
1990s in Bangladesh
2000s in Bangladesh
2010s in Bangladesh
Communist rebellions
Ongoing insurgencies
Kapaklı is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
Rachel J ( born Rachel Jambaya ) is a Zimbabwean musical artist , television personality and businesswoman .
Background
Rachel J was born in Kwekwe in Zimbabwe 's midlands province then she grew up in Gweru where she had her early education .
Rachel J began her music career in 2016 when she released her debut album titled Truimph which was entirely gospel and a dedication to her grandmother . After Triumph , Rachel then began releasing an array of singles from 2018 when she released an afro fusion track titled Makwikwi . The solo track went on high rotation on radio stations in Zimbabwe and featured on charts for several weeks which then inspired the making of Makwikwi Reloaded in dancehall genre which featured Zimdancehall artists Soul Jah Love , Sniper Storm and Lady Squanda in December 2018 .
In 2019 , she released a jazz track called Njiva in collaboration with Dereck Mpofu which was followed by Bada Boom which featured Roki and Ngoro which featured Enzo Ishall , the song sparked some controversy in Zimbabwe . April 2020 , Rachel delivered another gospel song Hallelujah which also did well on radio and tv . In 2021 she released an afro fusion track Strong Black Man which featured Novi Keys then Fambai Mberi in 2022 .
In 2018 Rachel J was awarded the Most Outstanding Beautiful Woman in Zimbabwe at the Zimbabwe Models Awards . In 2022 she was nominated at the Zimbabwe Fashion Awards in the Most Stylish Female Celebrity .
In 2021 , Rachel J published the first ever biography of Zimbabwe president Emmerson Mnangagwa titled A Life Of Sacrifice .
References
Living people
Zimbabwean composers
Zimbabwean songwriters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Ocqueoc River ( ) is streamed in Presque Isle County in the northeastern part of the lower peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is long and encompasses a watershed of approximately .
The word Ocqueoc comes from a French term meaning `` crooked waters '' , which aptly describes the winding Ocqueoc River .
Description and course
The Ocqueoc River is the largest river entirely within Presque Isle County and drains several lakes , including Ocqueoc Lake , and receives a few tributaries , the largest being the Little Ocqueoc River and Silver Creek . The Ocqueoc River 's source is in southern Bismarck Township at approximately southeast of the village of Millersburg , which with a population 263 people at the 2000 Census is the largest community in the watershed .
Ocqueoc Falls are the largest waterfalls in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan with a drop of about . The falls and the Ocqueoc Falls Bicentennial Pathway , which offers groomed winter trails and summer hiking trails , are a tourist attraction of Presque Isle County . The Ocqueoc River is one of the few rivers in the Lower Peninsula to flow north .
The Ocqueoc River flows through a limestone karst region , and some of its tributaries , notably the Little Ocqueoc , are not continuous on the surface but flow through subterranean systems for part of their course . The upper reaches of the river 's watershed is swampy with cedar , tamarack , balsam , poplar , aspen and black ash common . The warmer upper ranges have more warm-water fish including sunfish , pike and bass , while the lower cooler part of the river has salmon and trout . Smelt dipping is a style of fishing used near the mouth of the Ocqueoc .
Drainage basin
The Ocqueoc River drainage basin includes all or portions of the following townships and municipalities in Presque Isle County :
Bearinger Township
Bismarck Township
Case Township
Millersburg
Moltke Township
Ocqueoc Township
A very small portion of the watershed is located in northern Montmorency County but contains no surface water .
Named tributaries
Named waterbodies with direct surface flow into the Ocqueoc River system , from the mouth :
Ocqueoc Lake
( right ) Orchard Lake
Mud Lake
( left ) Silver Creek
( left ) Little Ocqueoc River
( right ) Fox Creek
( left ) Indian Creek
Upper Barnhart Lake
( right ) McIntosh Lake
Lower Barnhart Lake
( left ) Mud Lake
Lake Nettie
( left ) Bullhead Lake
( right ) Lake Ann
( left ) Horseshoe Lake
( right ) Lake Emma
Moores Lake
( right ) Marl Bed Lake
References
External links
Minor WaterFalls , Great Lakes Waterfalls
Rivers of Presque Isle County , Michigan
Rivers of Michigan
Tributaries of Lake Huron
This is a list of seasons played by Maccabi Haifa Football Club in Israeli and European football , from 1949 ( first edition of the Israeli League . ) to the most recent completed season . It details the club 's achievements in major competitions , and the top scorers for each season . Top scorers in bold were also the top scorers in the Israeli league that season . Records of minor cup competitions , such as the Lilian Cup and the Israel Super Cup are not included due to them being considered of less importance than the State Cup and the Toto Cup .
The club has won the League Championship thirteen times , the State Cup six times and the Toto Cup four times . The club has never been out of the top two divisions of Israeli football .
History
Maccabi Haifa Football Club was established in 1913 in the port city of Haifa . It was a small , struggling club that spent most of its time bouncing between the Liga Leumit and the lower leagues . The club was given a bye to the final of a 1923 competition called The Hebrew Cup , which it lost to Maccabi Nes Tziona 0–2 . In 1942 , the club reached the State Cup final , but was humiliated 12-1 by Beitar Tel Aviv in the final , which is the club 's worst defeat ever . In 1962 , the club won its only honour until the 80s , when the team defeated Maccabi Tel Aviv 5-2 in the State Cup final . In 1963 they reached the final again , but failed to defend their title losing to arch-rivals Hapoel Haifa 1-0 .
Seasons
Table correct as of 28 May 2022
Key
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
R32 = Round 1
R16 = Round 2
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
UCL = UEFA Champions League
UEL = UEFA Europa League
UCP = UEFA Cup
ECW = UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup
INT = UEFA Intertoto Cup
Group = Group stage
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
QR3 = Third Qualifying Round
QR4 = Fourth Qualifying Round
Notes and references
Maccabi Haifa F.C .
Maccabi Haifa
Maccabi
Edward Francis Condry ( born 25 April 1953 ) is a retired bishop of the Church of England . He was the suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury in the Diocese of Salisbury , 2012–2018 , and Canon Treasurer of Canterbury Cathedral , 2002–2012 .
Early life and family
Ed Condry was born to Roy and Muriel Condry and attended Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith , London . He read for his BA at the University of East Anglia and for his BLitt at Exeter College , Oxford , graduating in 1974 and 1977 respectively . He then went on to study for his doctorate ( a DPhil ) from Oxford University and was awarded his doctorate in 1980 before training for the priesthood . Condry has since received an MBA through the Open University in 2002 . He married Sarah Long ( a school teacher ) in 1977 , and they now have four adult children : two sons , Felix and Jerome , and two daughters , Hannah and Frances . He played rugby for the Clodock Nomads . His son Jerome was married in Canterbury Cathedral in 2019 to Sita Elsaessa .
Ordained ministry
Condry studied for the priesthood at Lincoln Theological College , being awarded his Diploma in Theology ( DipTh ; accredited by the University of Nottingham ) in 1981 . He was made a deacon at Petertide 1982 ( 27 June ) and ordained a priest the Petertide following ( 26 June 1983 ) , both times by Douglas Feaver , Bishop of Peterborough , at Peterborough Cathedral . He then served his three-year title post as assistant curate at Weston Favell , one year into which he was ordained a priest . His first incumbency was as vicar at Bloxham with Milcombe and South Newington , Oxfordshire , from 1985 until he became rector at the Rugby Team Ministry in 1993 .
In 2002 , Condry was appointed Canon Treasurer at Canterbury Cathedral .
Episcopal ministry
10 Downing Street announced on 19 June 2012 that Condry had been nominated suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury in the Diocese of Salisbury . He was consecrated as a bishop at Westminster Abbey on 21 September and welcomed ( enthroned/installed ) at Salisbury Cathedral on 23 September . As suffragan bishop , Condry had oversight of the Archdeaconries of Sarum and Wiltshire . In January 2018 , it was announced that he would retire effective 30 April 2018 .
After retirement , he became honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Peterborough .
References
Sources
‘ Condry , Edward Francis ' , Who 's Who 2012 , A & C Black , 2012 ; online edition , Oxford University Press , December 2011 Accessed 10 July 2012
‘ Ed Condry Announced as the new Bishop of Ramsbury ' , News from Canterbury Cathedral and the Diocese of Canterbury , Canterbury Diocese , 2012 ; https : //web.archive.org/web/20110129102210/http : //www.canterburydiocese.org/ , June 2012 Accessed 10 July 2012
‘ Suffragan See of Ramsbury ' , Number 10 News , Number 10 , 2012 ; number10.gov.uk , June 2012 Accessed 10 July 2012
‘ Canon Treasurer : Edward Condry ' , Who Does What , Canterbury Cathedral , 2012 ; www.canterbury-cathedral.org , 2012 Accessed 10 July 2012
1953 births
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of Exeter College , Oxford
Bishops of Ramsbury
Living people
People educated at Latymer Upper School
The St George 's Church attack , also known as the massacre of the Saint George Church , was a massacre of Maronite Christian worshipers in the Lebanese village of Brih in the Chouf mountains which took place on August 21 , 1977 , during the Lebanese Civil War .
Druze leftist gunmen attacked St George 's Church during prayers on Sunday with automatic gunfire inside and around the church killing 13 people .
Motives
The attack was part of a series of massacres of Christians in the Chouf region which was in response following the March 16 assassination of Kamal Jumblatt , founder of the Progressive Socialist Party and traditional leader of the Druze community .
Aftermath
Brih 's Christian population fled the village . However , current construction projects have taken place to repair abandoned Christian houses with the aim of repopulating the Christian households of Brih .
References
1977 in Lebanon
Massacres of the Lebanese Civil War
1977 murders in Asia
August 1977 crimes
August 1977 events in Asia
Attacks on churches in Asia
Chouf District
Massacres of Christians
Massacres in religious buildings and structures
Paulo Afonso Airport is the airport serving Paulo Afonso , Brazil .
It is operated by the State of Bahia .
History
The airport was commissioned in 1972 and between 1980 and 2020 it was administrated by Infraero . On November 17 , 2020 , the Federal Government transferred the administration of the facility to the State of Bahia .
Airlines and destinations
Access
The airport is located from downtown Paulo Afonso .
See also
List of airports in Brazil
References
External links
Airports in Bahia
Airports established in 1972
1972 establishments in Brazil
Glace Bay ( Scottish Gaelic : Glasbaidh ) is a community in the eastern part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia , Canada . It forms part of the general area referred to as Industrial Cape Breton .
Formerly an incorporated town ( 1901–1995 ) , the municipal government in Glace Bay was dissolved and the community was amalgamated into the larger regional municipality . Prior to amalgamation , Glace Bay had been the province 's fourth largest urban area and the largest town in Nova Scotia by population .
Neighbouring communities include Reserve Mines , Dominion , and Tower Road .
History
As early as the 1720s , the French inhabited the area to supply Fortress of Louisbourg with coal . They named the location baie de Glace ( literally , Bay of Ice ) because of the sea ice which filled the ocean each winter . In 1748 , after the capture of Fortress Louisbourg , the British constructed Fort William at Table Head in order to protect a mine that produced coal to supply the Louisbourg garrison . The fort itself was a blockhouse , brought from Boston , with a palisade . When Cape Breton Island was returned to French control , Fort William continued in service until 1752 when it was destroyed by fire .
More permanent settlement of Glace Bay probably can be dated from 1818 when Walter Blackett obtained a grant of land on the south side of the Bay . Coal mining existed on a small scale until the 1860s , when four mines were in operation within the future town boundaries . These included the Hub , Harbour , Caledonia and Glace Bay Collieries . The first large mine , the Hub Shaft of Glace Bay opened in 1861 and a total of 12 mines in Glace Bay were in operation . Following the formation of the Dominion Coal Company in 1893 , the coal mining industry expanded significantly in what was to become Glace Bay with the opening of several new mines . In 1894 , the government gave exclusive mining rights to the Dominion Coal Company .
Small communities grew up around the mines and by 1901 they came together to form the Town of Glace Bay . At the time of incorporation , the population was 6,945 . During the early 20th century , mining companies recruited in the American South for workers , attracting African Americans from Mississippi . By the 1940s , the figure exceeded 28,000 and Glace Bay became Canada 's largest town ( in population ) . At one time , the town had 12 collieries but none remains . Because of this industrial decline , jobs left and the core population decreased to 16,984 as of 2001 . The city has been dissolved/deincorporated since municipal amalgamation in 1995 , which formed the Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Economy
Glace Bay was once a coal mining town . In 1860 , the Glace Bay Mining Company was formed and it operated two mines . The first large colliery , the Hub Shaft , opened in 1861 . Large-scale mining commenced in 1893 after exclusive mining rights were granted to the Dominion Coal Company . Glace Bay was incorporated as a town on January 18 , 1901 . At its high point the company operated eleven mines in all , and was responsible for 40 % of Canada 's coal production . Coal was transported on the Sydney and Louisburg Railway to both of those ports for shipping . The S & L Railway 's main operations , including the roundhouse and machine shops were located in Glace Bay . Glace Bay 's extensive coal and rail operations made the town the industrial center of Cape Breton . As coal mining became less important , the mines were closed until , in 1984 Colliery No . 26 was closed by the Cape Breton Development Corporation . Many residents of Glace Bay started to work at the two other coal mines in the area : Prince Colliery in Point Aconi and Phalen Colliery and Lingan Colliery in Lingan . However , coal mining continued its decline with Lingan closing in the mid-1990s , followed by Phalen in 1999 and Prince in 2001 .
Fishing was also an important industry throughout the 20th century . However , by the 1990s fish stocks were so depleted that the fishery was closed . Some fish processing still occurs here .
Present day
The former town of Glace Bay has a population of slightly fewer than 20,000 people . In 2001 , a call centre operated by Stream Global Services , using post-industrialization subsidies opened .
The Swiss mining consortium Xstrata was the primary partner in the Donkin Coal Development Alliance , which won the rights to develop an abandoned mine site in the nearby community of Donkin . Currently , the mine is owned by Kameron Collieries , a subsidiary of Cline Group LLC which purchased the operation in 2014–2015 . Coal production commenced in February 2016 and by the fall of 2018 , the mine had 120 employees .
Historical features and places
Marconi National Historic Site
The Marconi National Historic Site of Canada is located at Table Head in Glace Bay . Parks Canada maintains an interpretive centre at the site honouring the role of Guglielmo Marconi in the development of radio communications . In December 1902 , Marconi transmitted the first complete messages to Poldhu from stations at Glace Bay , Nova Scotia .
Marconi chose this site for its elevated flat expanse and unobstructed view out over the ocean . Some of the concrete footings for the massive towers can still be seen on the grounds . Marconi built a much larger wireless site west of here then known as Marconi Towers . In 1907 he initiated the first permanent transatlantic wireless service from Marconi Towers to its companion site in Clifden , Ireland .
Geography
Landscape
The local landscape is heavily forested and hilly . Some of the low-lying areas at the bottom of hills consists of marshes and bogs . There are rocky cliffs around the ocean along most of the coast and erosion continues to be a problem in some areas ; part of North Street fell into the ocean due to erosion and the street was split into Upper and Lower North Street .
Many areas surrounding former coal mines are experiencing subsidence as the old mine shafts collapse . There are several brownfields around the community at former industrial sites .
Flora and fauna
Glace Bay has a large amount of forests and swamp surrounding the town and within the town limits . Mammals present in Glace Bay include squirrels , rabbits , fox , deer , mice , muskrats , cats , dogs , and coyotes . Bird species include ducks , great horned owls , Canada geese , crows , gulls , and pigeons . Pheasants are occasionally seen around wooded areas . Smaller birds such as robins , black capped chickadees , and sparrows are also present . Frogs , salamanders , and snakes are also common in Glace Bay .
Glace Bay and the surrounding areas are heavily forested . Common deciduous trees in Glace Bay include poplar , maples , and birches . Oaks , elms and beech trees are also present but they are less common . Common conifers include spruce and balsam with some pine and tamaracks present as well .
The introduced Asian plants of Japanese and Giant Knotweed are common throughout the town and surrounding woodlands and are colloquially known as `` elephant ears '' .
Climate
Glace Bay experiences a cool summer , and windy , wet and stormy winter , version of a humid continental climate ( Köppen Dfb ) that is significantly moderated by the community 's proximity to the Atlantic Ocean . The highest temperature ever recorded in Glace Bay was on 18 August 1935 . The lowest temperature ever recorded was on 31 January 1873 , 29 January 1877 and 15 February 1916 .
Because of its close proximity to the Atlantic Ocean , Glace Bay , like all of Cape Breton Island , experiences strong seasonal lag . The ocean does not reach its maximum temperature until mid August . It usually stays there until early September . This makes August the hottest month in Glace Bay rather than July which is usually the hottest in most northern continental climates . February is also the coldest month on average rather than January .
Politics
Federally , Glace Bay is located in the riding of Cape Breton–Canso , currently held by Liberal MP Mike Kelloway . Provincially , the riding of Glace Bay-Dominion is currently held by Progressive Conservative MLA John White who was elected in the 2021 Nova Scotia provincial election . The riding had been held previously by Liberal MLA Geoff MacLellan who did not re-offer .
Mayors of Glace Bay
While Glace Bay was a town , the following people were its mayor :
David M. Burchell 1901–1907
John Carey Douglas 1907–1910
Henry MacDonald 1910–1912
Gordon S. Harrington 1912–1915
Dan Cameron 1915–1916
Angus J. MacDonald 1917
Alonzo O'Neill 1918–1920
E. MacK Forbes 1920–1921
Dan W. Morrison 1921–1933
Charles MacVicar 1933–1934
Dan W. Morrison 1934–1950
Dan A. MacDonald 1950–1970
Dan A. Munroe 1970–1981
Bruce A. Clark 1981–1988
Donald MacInnis 1988–1995
Notable people
Dave Amadio , NHL hockey player , played for the Los Angeles Kings .
Vivian Berkeley , award-winning blind lawn bowler .
Linda Bond , former General of The Salvation Army .
Gerald Butts , Canadian political consultant .
John Bernard Croak , war hero , WW1 , recipient of the Victoria Cross .
Aselin Debison , musician .
Fred Dickson , Canadian lawyer , politician , and a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada .
Doug Doull , NHL hockey player , played for Boston Bruins and Washington Capitals .
Clarie Gillis , Member of Parliament , Cape Breton South , 1940–1957 .
Gordon Sidney Harrington , former mayor and former premier of Nova Scotia .
Andy Hogan , Member of Parliament , Cape Breton—East Richmond , 1974–1980 .
Ron James , comedian .
Drake Jensen , country music singer .
Pat MacAdam , Author , advisor of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Allister MacGillivray , Canadian singer/songwriter , guitarist , and music historian .
Henry Poole MacKeen , Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia , 1963 to 1968 .
MacLean & MacLean , comedic team .
Hugh MacLennan , novelist .
Matt Minglewood , musician .
John W. Morgan , former Mayor of CBRM .
Marty O'Donnell , Olympic boxer .
Daniel Petrie , Hollywood film director .
Gerard Phalen , senator .
Logan Shaw , NHL hockey player for the Ottawa Senators , 76th overall pick , 2011 NHL Entry Draft .
Sandy Snow , played three games in the NHL with the Detroit Red Wings
Doug Sulliman , NHL hockey player , 1979 New York Rangers 13th overall draft pick .
Nick Wall , jockey .
Attractions
Savoy Theatre
Cape Breton Miners Museum
Marconi Museum
Miners Village
Renwick Brook Park
Queen Elizabeth Park
Glace Bay Heritage Museum
John Bernard Croak Memorial Park
See also
Reserve Mines
Dominion
Cape Breton Island
Province of Cape Breton
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Cape Breton Regional Municipality
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Former towns in Nova Scotia
Mining communities in Nova Scotia
1785 establishments in Nova Scotia
Populated places disestablished in 1995
Reb Yoel Kahan ( February 14 , 1930 – July 15 , 2021 ) was a senior Chabad rabbi , who served as the leading and for the Lubavitcher Rebbe , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson . His position as leading and made him the default authority on the Rebbe 's teachings and one of the most universally recognized scholars of general Chabad Chassidic doctrine .
Early life
He was born in Moscow , on February 14 , 1930 . He was the youngest of four children born to Refoel Nachman and Rivkah ( Davidson ) Kahan . His father studied in the original Yeshiva Tomchei Temimim , in the town of Lubavitch , White Russia and authored Shemu'os VeSippurim an authoritative and multi-volume compilation of historical accounts and anecdotes , culled from the traditions handed down by reliable Chassidim of earlier generations and his own experiences .
In 1935 Kahan emigrated to Mandatory Palestine together with his family , and studied in Yeshiva `` Achai Temimim '' in Tel Aviv under the tutelage of the Mashpia Rabbi Chaim Shaul Brook . During his teen years he also studied privately with the Mashpia Rabbi Moshe Gourarie . He also knew and was influenced by Rabbi Nochum Goldshmidt and to a lesser degree , by Rabbi Shlomo Chaim Kesselman .
Arrival in New York
In 1950 Kahan traveled to New York in order to continue his studies at the central Yeshiva Tomchei Temimim at 770 Eastern Parkway in Brooklyn , New York . At the time 770 was also the home and synagogue of Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn , the sixth Rebbe of Chabad , and Kahn expected to be able to meet R ' Schneersohn , whose teachings he had studied all his life . However , when he finally arrived in New York by sea it was too late , the man who was to become known as `` the Previous Rebbe '' had already died .
Kahan remained in New York and soon became attracted to the teachings of Schneersohn 's younger son-in-law , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , who eventually became the seventh Rebbe of Chabad .
In 1954 he married Leah Butman .
For decades Kahan served as Schneerson 's main , repeater . He would listen to the talks and then , after consultation with colleagues , repeat the talks to the Hasidim to transcribe them for print .
He served in this role from the beginning of the Rebbe 's leadership in 1950 until the Rebbe 's death in 1994 .
Following Schneerson 's death , he continued to serve as the senior Mashpia in the central Lubavitcher yeshiva at 770 Eastern Parkway . He was referred to familiarly amongst Chabad Chasidim as Reb Yoel .
Death
Kahan died on July 15 , 2021 . He had no children .
Works
Biurim U'Pninim on Tanya ( HaMa'or She'baTorah )
Sefer Ha'Erchim ( main editor and compiler - Kehot )
Nos'im BaChassidut ( Eishel-Kfar Chabad )
Mahutam Shel Yisroel ( Heichal Menachem )
Shiurim BeTorat Chabad ( Ma'ayanotecha )
HaModaim B'Chassidut ( Ma'ayanotecha )
Sugyot B'Chassidut ( Ma'ayanotecha )
Shiurim Al Sha'ar Yichud V'Ha'Emuna ( Ma'ayanotecha )
Nos'im BaYahadut ( tape series )
Machshevet haChassidut ( The philosophy of Chassidut , 2 volumes )
References
External links
Interview by JEM with Rabbi Yoel Kahan
Talks by Reb Yoel Kahn with English subtitles
1930 births
2021 deaths
Chabad-Lubavitch rabbis
Hasidic rabbis in Israel
American Hasidic rabbis
People from Tel Aviv
20th-century American rabbis
Chabad-Lubavitch Mashpiim
Soviet emigrants to the United States
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in New York , sorted by type and name . A more complete list can be found on the NYISO website in the planning data and reference docs section where an annual report call the Load and Capacity Data Report , or the `` Gold Book '' is listed . The list is located in Table III-2 of the report .
List of resources
The following is a list of existing generation resources contained in the NYISO 's 2018 Gold Book grouped by station location .
Other plants
This is a list of plants not mentioned by name in the NYISO Gold Book .
Retired plants
This is a list of retired plants .
References
Network for New Energy Choices . New York , NY . `` New York Power Plants '' Retrieved 2011-04-16 .
External links
U.S. Energy Information Administration - New York Quick Facts
New York
Lists of buildings and structures in New York ( state )
Lake Ezerische ( , ) is lake in Haradok district , Vitebsk Voblast of Belarus and is situated at the border with the Pskov Oblast of the Russia . In 1959 , on the river flowing out of Lake a hydroelectric power plant was built . This led to the raising of the water level ( as the lake began to function as a reservoir ) . Raising the water level leads to erosion of its banks . The lake is dated to the Glacial period and is about 10,000 years . The largest settlement on the bank of the lake is Ezerische a settlement located on the western shore of the lake . On one of the islands in Lake located Ezerishche Castle . Up to the present day only ramparts of the castle preserved .
Lakes of Pskov Oblast
A chat log is an archive of transcripts from online chat and instant messaging conversations . Many chat or IM applications allow for the client-side archiving of online chat conversations , while a subset of chat or IM clients ( i.e. , Google Talk and Yahoo ! Messenger 11 Beta ) allow for the saving of chat archives on a server for future retrieval . Most IRC clients and many IRC bots include chat logging to a local file as a standard feature .
Web sites exist that publish chat logs , usually dedicated to a single channel and including a search engine . This can conflict with users ' expectations of privacy . Some IRC networks have published guidelines on making chat logs public . Due to their real time nature , chat logs may be used to identify anonymous users by correlating information posted on different mediums .
Examples
Google has integrated its own chat archiving feature into Gmail , which lists Google Talk conversations alongside email conversations .
Yahoo first experimented with online archiving of Yahoo Messenger chat logs through its Yahoo ! Messenger for the Web application , which separately saves its own chat archive when users communicate through that client . In 2010 , the beta of the 11th version of the standalone Messenger client featured online archiving of chat logs , although the archive is only available and viewable from within the logged-in client .
bash.org is a website hosting user-posted chat logs from IRC .
References
Instant messaging
József Kristóffy ( 17 September 1857 – 29 March 1928 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Interior Minister for a year ( 1905–1906 ) in Géza Fejérváry 's cabinet . Universal suffrage appeared as part of this cabinet 's program . Kristóffy wanted to make a coalition with the Social-Democrat Party , which was the main opposition party in Hungary during the first years of the 20th century ( `` Kristóffy-Garami Pact '' ) , but failed to do so .
References
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
1857 births
1928 deaths
People from Makó
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Herman John Severson ( November 19 , 1869September 2 , 1950 ) was an American attorney , judge , and Progressive Republican politician . He was a Wisconsin circuit court judge for the last 12 years of his life after serving 20 years in the Wisconsin State Senate .
Biography
Born in the Town of Christiana , Dane County , Wisconsin , Severson grew up on his father 's farm and then went to Stoughton Normal Institute , Red Wing College , Drake University and then received his law degree from University of Wisconsin Law School . He also taught school and was principal of a school in London , Wisconsin . Severson practiced law in Iola , Wisconsin , and was district attorney of Waupaca County , Wisconsin from 1908 to 1916 and was a Republican . Severson was president of the Iola State Bank and the Herald Publishing Company . Then from 1918 to 1938 , Severson served in the Wisconsin State Senate and was involved with the Wisconsin Progressive Party . In 1938 , Severson was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge and served until 1950 , when he died in office . Severson died in Iola , Wisconsin .
References
External links
1869 births
1950 deaths
People from Christiana , Dane County , Wisconsin
People from Iola , Wisconsin
Drake University alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Educators from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin lawyers
Wisconsin state court judges
Wisconsin Progressives ( 1924 )
20th-century American politicians
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin state senators
